-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/6y106q/boredom_and_sobriety/

A little backstory. Went deep into alcohol the last 8 years. Replaced all my hobbies and free time with drinking every day or night both. Only things that aligned with my drinking lifestyle were kept around. Met a lady at the beginning of the downfall. She stuck by  for some reason and was always there to help me and always wanted to save me. Saw the good in me I couldn't...etc. Fast forward 6 years with this lady in my life. We officially begin dating I move in with her and my drinking slows. I have things to fill time with and keep my hands moving since I have a relationship and a shared living space to upkeep. Still finding ways to drink and hide it and all the things. 9 months in I have me a really bad weekend. Drinking drugs stayed out for 2 nights didn't come home. Shes upset letdown and I'm over this lifestyle. Always ignoring the recommendation to go to AA I with the help of my girlfriend make the decision to stop drinking "for good." "I can do this on my own". The next 2 and a half months are great. Drinking and cigarettes (we both gave up cigs at the same time) are out of my life. Eating great sleeping great exercising pretty much the healthiest time of my life. I have extra spending money that I can now provide a little more for the relationship making plans finally finished furnishing the apartment. Was I doing the sober all for me? No I didn't want to lose her shes the love of my life. I was doing it to show her I'm worth all 7 years she spent on me. so 2 and a half months down doing what I thought was great Not drinking but not sober either...RELAPSE. Epic. 3 full days and nights of black out. Don't remember a bit. Didn't come home. Lost all of my keys my money my self respect my place of living my animals my time fillers and most importantly the relationship with the "love of my life" (shes 100% cut me out of her life). Left with only questions no answers. Long story short I'm powerless. So a few days later I still nursing the worst hangover of my existence I cautiously and scared walk into my first AA meeting. Its been almost 3 weeks now. Ive read the book I keep going to meetings I don't want to drink nor do I need to anymore. I'm dedicated to the path and learning to apply the steps in everyday life. Still haven't chosen a sponser but I have an idea of who I might choose. My issues now boredom. I don't know what to do. When I'm not at work or at the gym (if I can motivate myself to go)...I find myself mindlessly internet scrolling or aimlessly driving and chain smoking cigarettes (picked that back up). Lost touch with all of my hobbies years ago and with that went my sense of focus and drive. I have very very few friends which I was never really good with people to begin with none of which are sober. There's a huge age gap between me and the people I meet in AA so I feel there's a limitations on building relationships through the program. I'm living in a place I do not feel comfortable in and my job doesn't pay enough for me to get my own place on top of my other bills. I have no skills and didn't go to college when I got out of high school so I'm limited in the workforce. I'm just really lost and bored and heavy depression has set in. I don't want to drink and I know what will and could happen if I take another sip. I don't really know what to do anymore. I see all these people with purpose and careers and they're doing things and they seem happy and have families and are in love or dating. Here I am completely disconnected nervously chain smoking with a shattered sense of reality and a life gas tank that's constantly on empty. I'm 28 now and I'm back in the exact same place I was 10 years ago right before I started drinking. I never really made it past 18.  
----------immediate responses--------

meetup.com has lots of fun stuff. 
I know the feeling. It's especially hard when my friends are all out drinking and partying. I'm really pushing myself out of my comfort zone to make new friends in AA. If I'm bored or my brain starts thinking funky I can call on one of them to see how they're doing or to vent. The 'getting out of self' and focusing on what I can do for others really helps. And I'm making some great new friends. It feels good!
Well done on your 3 weeks...not sure what you're asking for here. You're hitting some meetings and that's good but eventually your grace period will end and you'll need to have something going for yourself to remain sober and have a chance at building the kind of life you want to live...Without making the usual efforts that you hear spoken about from those you see with enviable lives you can't expect much more than a painful and temporary period of not drinking. In AA you do and then you get. Think of it as a commission job...you work you eat. You don't work you don't eat...Not wanting to drink means very little for an alcoholic. Due to the nature of our condition we eventually drink to survive emotionally intact unless we have a sufficient solution. You have the opportunity to secure that for yourself (freely given by those you might ask for their help) or you can choose not to as it normally plays out with most new people. ..Be responsible for the choices you make and the results you realize from that. Could wind up great or not so great.
It takes more than three weeks for your brain chemistry to get back to normal.  Pick up some hobbies and before you know it you won't have enough time in the day to do the things you love to do. 
Holy shit dude. Are you Me? I am currently living at my parents house after another failed attempt to strike out on my own. I too am 28. I too had a great smart beautiful Girlfriend who was sober. I tried for 3 months to quit on my own. I sorta did it for her. I was happy until I wasn't and I started drinking and she bailed out. I was crushed. Still am a year later. I have no friends where I am and also don't currently have a job. I went to college late and dropped out. I have no skills either. I go to the gym come home and chain-smoke on the porch. I get it. It's pretty bleak. I don't have many answers but in a way it is nice to know I'm not alone in this shit. I think for now I'm gonna keep going to the gym and look for some work. Eventually I think school is in order or at least a plan to get out of my folks' house. The girl thing still bothers me and it's hard to move passed that some days. I think things will work out for you. Just know that i'm in the exact same boat man. 
Here's you a new hobby: taking those 12 steps. They're all about the most fascinating topic you've ever encountered: yourself. Attending meetings aren't going to counter eight years of drinking in three weeks. Get a sponsor and start on those steps the way the book tells us to do them. Really and truly that's all AA has to offer. Luckily for us it gets really really good when we do them and no matter how long you've been at it it keeps getting better. ..As to the boredom your brain receptors are fucked up and can't function properly because of your drug use (alcohol). It generally takes about 18 months until they normalize completely but if you go all in on the program you can have some great "pink cloud" feelings that will get you through that period. Just don't think you've gotten the benefits of the program and stop working the steps when it happens. The only direction we coast is downhill. Good luck I envy your future. I've been at it for four decades now and I'd do it all over again if I could!
Alot of recovering alcoholics become workaholics. I also do alot of volunteer work. Boredom  is no where to be found in my life.  Staying sober is a long  hard adjustment .I always had this vision in my head of a giant battleship that is going the wrong way and the captain has to turn it 180 degrees and go the other way.  It takes time to turn it around.  Same deal with a human being and long term drinking.
Skydiving scuba diving rock climbing running cycling books board games you name it and I have tried it. Pick something and go try it - live life my friends it's a wonderful opportunity you have. 
