-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/7odz0g/can_alcoholism_be_mistaken_for_bipolar_disorder/

So here's the deal. I know I'm an alcoholic but I'm also diagnosed bipolar. A little history: I was dx with major depression in 2010. Prescribed medication that seemed to help but was still drinking and would get depressed. Well I had an emotional bottom and entered the rooms December of that year. Relapsed and came right back. Met my husband had a baby and stayed sober for 3 years. Stopped going to meetings. Was always in the house never played with my son but took good care of him otherwise. I was off all medications then. Well of course I played with fire again to see if I could control my drinking obviously couldn't stop when I started. In the summer of 2014 I couldn't sleep at all. I was up days in a row with no sleep. When I did sleep I took a lot of benzos and that gave me maybe 6 hours tops. This lasted 2 weeks and during this time I had racing thoughts was screaming and crying psychomotor agitation anxiety paranoia etc. Went to new psychiatrist and she diagnosed me bipolar with mixed episodes. I'm more on the depressive side and I know in big book literature it says that we are a  prey to misery and depression . I get more depression than the manic stuff. If I am manic it's called hypomania where I just have a ton of energy and am happy for no reason. Anyways I know I'm an alcoholic because once I start I can't stop. I have almost 30 days sober and I've gone through depression during this time. I just don't know what kind of depression my alcoholic side feels or what is my bipolar depression or if I'm even bipolar. I'm doing the steps to figure it out. Just wonder if anyone in this group was also diagnosed with a mental illness and how they figure it out. Thanks for letting me share. I feel like in the rooms sharing this stuff is a huge no no.
----------immediate responses--------

It's going to take time to sort it all out.  It's only been 30 days. 
The short answer is. I. Don't know. I have mental health problem but I had to get sober work the steps and work with my psychiatrist and be transparent with my psychiatrist and my sponsor. It's tricky but I feel better. 
Congrats on 30 days.  Mental illness and alcoholism are a lot more common than people think or admit.  I was told by a counselor when I first got sober that I needed to get farther from the booze before a true diagnosis of any mental illness.  I personally think that's crap. I was 2 plus years sober when  my anxiety flared up and I started to loss my mind and was afraid I was going to loss my soberity.  This all being said I talked a lot to people in and out of my AA circle and found a great counselor for me. Also started celexa which I have since stopped after doing a lot of work on myself both mental and physical.  Seek help with a medical professional that has experience working with people that have a dependencey history and always be up front and honest. I wish you the best !
I am not a doctor. However I was diagnosed with depression and ADHD when I saw a psychiatrist. You need to be sober longer than 30 days before any reputable psychiatrist could diagnose you.
I'll just throw this out there. I once wandered into a meeting specifically for dual diagnosis alcoholics. It was set up so that people would feel more comfortable talking about mental illness finding the right meds etc. in an AA setting. If you have a lot of meetings in your area you might be able to find something like that. I'm outside of DC tons of meetings can tell you about this meeting if you happen to be nearby. 
Yes you have to wait until the PAWS goes away and you've rebuilt your life to be sure but don't be afraid of outside help either.
Thank you everyone for responding to my post. I figured it would take time to figure out. Hopefully I'll have an idea by the time I go through the steps. Ill just give it to God for now.
Alcoholism and Bi - polar disorder co-occur frequently.  Some people self medicate Bi - polar disorder with drugs or alcohol and end up with substance abuse problems.  The problem is that alcohol interferes with medication for Bi-polar so getting clean and sober is usually a suggested first step.
Are you being entirely honest with your doctor about your drinking habits?  
It sounds like  Dual-diagnosis  is the term for what you are dealing with. It refers to people that have substance-abuse and mental health issues concurrently. They can easily feed into one another and create continued problematic behaviors. It really depends on the specifics of each person's condition but it's suggested to start with treating one's mental-health then address the substance addiction afterwards so that the treatment is clearly laid out and there is less chance of any interference in between the two areas.
