-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/8xxj18/relapse/

It's late. I'm tired. I think its better if I at least put this down here before I forget or run out of courage...I was sober for two and a half years after many tries. I was happy I was sober I had everything. Why did I drink again? I think I know. My sponsor says I stopped helping and I stopped being happy. I have no reason not to believe him...I have four kids and a loving wife. Still do even though I'm drinking. I wonder why...I don't want to drink anymore. I want to stop. I want to grow. I want to live again. I did it once I want to do it again. Sobriety... So lovely but so hard...Do I feel like a piece of shit? Yes. I met someone in the program and I basically fell in love with her. She was my emotional crutch. I'm writing this and I'm in pain because I do not want to hurt her in any way. Or anybody else. But I will. I'm stuck. I didn't cheat on my wife physically but emotionally I went full in...If you read this here is the damage. The havoc. I drank. Everybody suffers. As I'm writing this there is no aftermath where everybody ends up happy. I don't even know where I am going with this other than trying to put something down in writing...This is my story. You might just find yourself in it.I hope you do. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Ah well it is time to reshuffle that deck and get back into the program.  You may want to analyze why you are having an emotional affair and what is missing in your primary relationship.
The Good News is: You hit the nail on the head =&gt; you know you can live a sober life. and it is a happy life. This should be encouraging. Sobriety should be less daunting than before when you only had other peoples' success to go on. ..So the goal I suggest: at the end of 3 years I hope you are sober for 3 years less this relapse (a day or two or whatever). ..As for falling in love with someone else while married - not my area of knowledge / experience. ..Good Luck. Please get right back on track and let us know how it is going. 
Can you get to a meeting today? Call your sponsor today?
I have a tendency to be addicted to anything that changes the way I feel. This includes the adrenaline of love. You were sober from alcohol and that is beautiful.  Now it's time to get to the bare bones of who you are and get sober completely. It fucking sucks but it must be. We practice these principles in ALL of our affairs. I am an alcoholic and addict.  I'm addicted to changing the way I feel with alchohol drugs shopping sex men attention love food dogs (I have 5) starving myself  exercise tattoos porn and on and on. Please go to a meeting get away from her talk to someone. I find myself in you. You help keep me sober. Thank you for reaching out. 
Thank you for sharing.  I'm coming up on a year and starting to feel pretty funky.  Thoughts of drinking are creeping into my head. Maybe I can handle it now that I got rid of the abusive boyfriend? No no no no NO.  I can't handle it.  I tried for so many years.  I'm tired and lonely and depressed and I sure don't need to be booze sick on top of it. ..I'm going to a meeting tonight.  Can you get to one too?
Bravo for posting and for going to a meeting. You're on the way...
Hello friend..I hope you're back working your program and working on your relationship with your wife. I get the sense that you love her still...From my experience getting involved with another AA member isnt the best. I'd try to examine why you fell for her...Stay sober. 
Hey! ..Just wanted to check up and see how you're doing? Hope all is well. 
Hello friend..How are things with your wife? ..And yourself?..
