-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/8yjcb3/whats_poppin_pals_of_bill_i_think_im_ready_to/

Today is day 74 of sobriety. I went to a meeting on day 2 of sobriety and have been going to more or less at least one meeting a week -- and usually closer to 2 or 3...I don't have a sponsor and I haven't been working the steps. This isn't because of a lack of faith in the steps but because I had some big questions about myself and the program. ..I've gone to enough meetings to know they are questions everyone asks. Pardon me thinking I'm a know it all with my vast wisdom of 74 days of sobriety lol but I think even though they are questions everyone asks they are questions you have to answer for yourself...I decided I'll post them even though you know what the questions are just cuz...The biggest was the typical "am I really an alcoholic?" I knew I had a problem with alcoholic or more accurately I was drinking problematically. I was not in denial about that and I started going to meeting because I felt like I needed help turning my life around. But that turn was beyond alcohol. I wanted to address the core issue and I was not sure if it was alcoholism because of a mental health diagnosis that preceded me being a drinker in earnest. And I was sober for good chunks of time and it was a desire to quell panic attacks that made me relapse this last time. What I'm realizing though is that I don't need to think in absolutes. I can't control my alcohol right now. In the future? That's a stupid question. But right now I can't control my drinking and I have no reason to think that would ever change. And I certainly have no confidence that getting into a place where I could control my drinking is possible. Sobriety is more appealing right now and I think more realistic than ever being a restrained drinker...Then the usual higher power concerns. I'm a fervent atheist but my atheism is pretty nonchalant.  I know this is a huge deal breaker for a lot of people and I've heard a lot of people talk about having to overcome this. I haven't heard a share yet of someone who grappled with this in the same way I had. I have met a lot of people who have turned away from religion because of deep pain or abuse etc. I had a pretty clean break from religion that wasn't traumatic or of any animosity. It's really just a philosophical position for me and while I thre are lots of agnostic AA people and the program doesn't say it has to be a god that is your higher power just thinking in terms of power was problematic for me since I work in a field that really makes me think of power as political and political power is not something that I want to give myself over too. Accepting a higher power is of course huge to the steps so this was really a big roadblock. This might go back to thinking in terms of universals. You know if I think of people who have higher powers that are a-theistic or agnostic (like nature etc) do I really have to say this is the same kind of "power" as state-power? like what if higher-power and political-power were just two different words? To me this gets to maybe being able to accept something without it being a weirdly political thing for me. The truth is I didn't want to lie to people and do the steps if I couldn't truly accept them. So now maybe I can. I have a friend who has been sober for a long time who is an atheist and his higher power is "good orderly direction" which i think is kind of a common thing people use. I've thought  about friendship and/or love too. And I also think about psychology as a high-power. Like yeah this is the way my mind and brain are and I can't control that. I'm psychologically not a person who can control their drinking. I have not looked into the scientific research on alcoholism but I know there is reason to believe that I may metabolize alcohol differently than other people etc. So I think there are ways I can make the step honestly. ..The last was that I couldn't see a clear path to happiness through sobriety. This goes back to the first question. To be honest I still don't have that answer. It's troubling because this last relapse just got bad really fast and continued to have stretches of sobriety. This makes it hard to see alcohol as having truly a chokehold on my life when there were other things at play. But I know that this doesn't mean I can't try. ..Choosing a sponsor will be a big decision but I am fortunate to live in a place with a huge fellowship (back in my hometown there is like one meeting a day but here there is like 10 or more a day!) and there are two people who I think would sponsor me who I've known since before I relapsed but who I met when I was sober. Both have different approaches to sobriety and the program so I need to figure it out. But what I do think is that now I am ready to start working the steps without me lying. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's never too early. Bill W did the steps while still in detox. My sponsor did it in 30 days. Why fuck around when it's your life at stake?..I don't think you need to have all the answers before starting the work. But you do need to be willing to have an open mind and to do what your sponsor tells you to do. Think of it like this: if you go to the gym and work out with a personal trainer every day it doesn't matter if you understand human physiology or not it doesn't matter if you agree with the trainer's regimen or not it doesn't matter if you don't feel like it that day as long as you do the work you're gonna get stronger.
My friend.  As I read your post I am smiling with warmth in m heart for you because I fully recognize myself when I was a newbie. .If you take time to read this I would like to share a bit of my Experience  Strength  and Hope  with you.   I would let you know that I absolutely love alcoholics!  Doesn't matter if they're drunk or sober. I love them. .Am I an alcoholic?  It took me several months of attending open meetings before I acknowledged what I knew in my heart to be true. Yes. For whatever reason  my body did not process alcohol as the bodies of 'normal ' people. .Higher Power? Forget that business!  During a 7 year dry spell I'd mysteriously managed to become an ordained minister!  However  God betrayed me big time!   In the dry spell being a faithful church goer-I lost everything!  My marriage  my home my family Everything!  So I decided IF God existed He existed to punish me because I was not 'good enough' so to hell with Him! I also reasoned that I'd punish Him by doing as many terrible  loathsome thing I could do and blame Him and hurt Him because like every other person in my life He was a liar and a betrayer. I'd show all of them I'd destroy me..I was a seething cauldron of hate and revenge.  And with my very sick tormented mind I carried out my mission  to the fullest. .I was 13th stepped into AA which when I recognized it I was mad at the man-eating had 12 years.  I now recognize the truth that that was how my Higher Power knew I'd come into the rooms. Therefore  I  can honestly thank the guy..My Recovery was so hard in the beginning because I was so very sick in mind body and spirit. Mentally  emotionally  spiritually the wounds were so deep I was bleeding out. Until I accepted that I was as hopeless and helpless as a new born..I've been a member of AA and the Fellowship for nearly 27 years.i usually do not share my time but in this case I feel it's needed. .Now my friend  I live in  peace and I have serenity.  My life is not perfect  nor am i.  It's been a long road. As Bill wrote  I am trudging the road to happy  destiny. .Please be assured dear friend  taking the Steps getting involved with the Fellowship will prove to be THE  best decision you will ever make..With warmth in my heart for you know that my prayers and love are with you as you too begin to Trudge The Road of Happy Destiny. God be with you my friend. 
The Big Book approach to sobriety is a common one...***" Our description of the alcoholic the chapter to the agnostic and our personal adventures before and after make clear three pertinent ideas: (a) That we were alcoholic and could not manage our own lives. (b) That probably no human power could have relieved our alcoholism. (c) That God could and would if He were sought. Being convinced we were at Step Three"***..Page 60 of the BB explains that the material in the chapters immediately preceding it makes clear three ideas that are central.  Once convinced you have completed steps 1 and 2 and are now on step 3...I found the speaker file "Dumb Guy Approach to the 12 Steps" to be VERY valuable for a \*big book\* version of the steps.  It seriously makes you see how the steps are not complicated nor do you need to wait to start the steps.  And you can have a fellow with not much more time than you help you through the steps provided he has experience with the steps to that point.  The speaker Milt L is funny too but he takes the subject seriously...It really is worth listening to.   [https://www.xa-speakers.org/pafiledb.php?action=category&amp;id=57](https://www.xa-speakers.org/pafiledb.php?action=category&amp;id=57)..(it's 4 parts)
