-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/90hmme/so_irritable/

Struggling with my moodiness especially around my partner who is retired (I'm not) and home all the time. I've been sober eight months and am working the steps. Almost finished with step 4. I work all day get home need alone time and he wants attention. We've had many many discussions about how to get both of our needs met but nothing seems to change and I snap all the time and just need space. I feel like I'm never not on duty. If I go into a room and close the door he's hurt. And I don't even have kids! Anyway I'm just wondering if anyone can relate. Or has any advice. Help!
----------immediate responses--------

I've gone through exactly what you're experiencing. I am the type who if I could be totally alone on earth life would be perfect. When I was getting sober I moved back into my parents house. I didn't even have a bedroom there. I was on the couch. There were my parents and then two brothers a sister 3 dogs and a cat in that house. Being alone was not possible. And it got incredibly frustrating at times. And I would eventually let out my frustration on my family who only ever loved me and who only wanted to be around me because I was finally sober after many years of completely isolating myself from them...It was incredibly important for me to rely on my higher power during that time. I was given a place to live surrounded by people who loved me and I was angry and annoyed with them? Why? Because I wasn't getting what I wanted. As usual it was all about me and my needs. Never mind my mom who was just so happy I was finally around and coherent. Nevermind the fact that she has ptsd caused by my actions. It always had to be about me and my needs...Thank god for the twelve steps. Thank god for a relationship with my higher power. I am far from perfect but prayer and meditation really helped me during that time. It still helps me. I have to serve other people however I can. I spent too long making everything about me. I would get home from work and then be annoyed that my mom wanted to talk to me or my little brother wanted to play a game with me etc. when I just wanted to sit and stare at my computer for a few hours...Anyways that's just a bit of my experience. Maybe your situation is different and this doesn't apply. 
Send him to Al-Anon...It'll give you at least an hour or two a week to yourself and it will hopefully teach him how to interact with you better understand what you're going through better and hopefully give you the space you need...It'll also give him something to do if he's retired ... you might end up with more than just a couple hours a week to yourself!
Sounds like you need your silence to center.  I would take a long hot shower when I got home to just wash the day off me when it was a stressful day but I understand that it's not always viewed as a solo activity.  Is there any way to take an after work yoga class?  Would your partner consider going with you?  If not yoga how about the gym?
I can relate on both sides. Yesterday after I got home from work my 3 year old and my wife would not let me rest. I went into the bedroom to lay down and here they came. I was getting mad but then I had a moment when I thought to myself that I am so loved and I relaxed a little gave them some attention and kicked them out and locked the door. When I wasn't working I wanted to not get attention but be with my wife because I love her and she would always feel crowded. Point is we all need time to unwind and it can be discussed so each person understands. 
This is what happening to me at that stage. I'm only at 11.5 months now and I can tell you it's part of learning to process and handle your feelings which you used to numb. Keep working that 4th step and work with sponsor and don't drink. Don't drink no matter what they say or do and you will notice a difference. 
I don't know how long your commute is but when I'm consistently irritable getting home from work I try to listen to AA speaker recordings on the drive home. It helps me get centered a bit. And right before I open that door I stop deep breath serenity prayer reminder that it's about what I can pack into and not take out of the stream of life...Then I open the door with a smile no matter how I'm feeling on the inside. Becausr the smile sets the stage for the rest of the evening...Do I do it right every day? Hell no!!! 
Finish your 4th step and get moving. My first 4th step took 45 minutes with the guidance of my first sponsor. It's an exercise of who and what is pissing you off currently not your entire life's history. That's what your 5th step is. Maybe you will find the relief you seek once your 5th is done as I did. ..Today when irritability creeps in and it does i know how to combat it if I'm aware or told (lol).  Simple written inventory like a 4th Step and prayer - takes 5 minutes. 
youtube aa seven selves.
