-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/90ho0m/so_am_9months_sober_and_feeling_great_butwhat_do/

I have stopped going to meetings and I don't feel to bad about it. I ldid 6months in rehab where we had to do 3 meetings a week and I had no problem doing so. I have since moved into a move I house so am surrounded by lovely people that I can talk openly and frankly about alcoholism. I have been going to gym regularly and feel like I know that I never want to go backwards. However people(I go back to the rehab to help out and check in) keep getting on me when I say I haven't been going to meetings. I don't know cuz I don't know that I 100% know myself but I feel happy nd I am not going to meeting. What's your experience and thoughts on this? What do you get from aa? Any alcoholics doing fine without aa meetings? 
----------immediate responses--------

The purpose of the meeting is to spread the message of the 12 steps. Unfortunately the vast majority of meetings are treated as group therapy sessions and that is not what aa is supposed to be. ..Meetings are not the most important part. The people who are surprised when you say you aren't going to meetings are asking the wrong question. They should be asking what step are you working on. Because meetings are not the answer the 12 steps are. The 12 steps are the most important thing for any real alcoholic because if they are worked honestly and thoroughly an alcoholic can recover. ..Do you have a sponsor and are you working the steps?
Our three legacies are Unity (typically taken to mean fellowship) Service and Recovery...Hard to get two of those without meetings...**Very hard** for a stool with one leg to balance itself and stay upright.
I go to meetings when I feel like it. ..My first 3 years sober I went to zero. I go to keep it fresh (pain of active drinking) and there are a few people I enjoy seeing. ...
The meetings are great for support and inspiration. I look at it as putting money in the bank. One day I will need to make a withdrawal and I want a support network that I know and that I know. Maybe the meetings you went to were not right for you? There are a million meetings around some definitely better than others. I would seek out which meetings you like and maybe that will help?
I'm doing fine without the meetings I haven't been to one in months but sometimes I do feel sort of guilty for not going. I also haven't felt like I needed it or anyone needed me there because I always feel like any time I share it's pointless (I'm super shy and uncomfortable speaking). I'm also still on step 4 - have been for months and have been meaning to continue but haven't been able to get myself motivated to devote the time to really do it. I read the daily reflections daily read articles or stories online or here on Reddit and sometimes listen to audio speeches. I also text my sponcer daily to check in a d talk to her once in a while on the phone -which I also don't like talking on the phone. I plan to go to a meeting and it just hasn't ended up working out. I think I might try just going to a speaker meeting so I can listen and not have to speak.
I'm sure I'll get some downvotes but here's my two cents. I can't call anyone an alcoholic only myself but I CANNOT make it without meetings. There's a power we're trying to access via the steps. There's multiple ways to access this power meetings are one of them. I stay away from the fellowship too long and run on my own sick thinking I'm gonna be restless irritable and discontent won't be long and the obsession will hit and then I'm looking for relief from me. Take that drink triggering the allergy I'm off to the races. I'll be divorced homeless and getting ready for prison in that order. I'm glad y'all can make it without meetings but this drunk CANNOT make it without meetings nor could I imagine life without them. Meeting makers make it!
 If you don't want to go  don't go.  
For me I try to make 2 meetings a week. Of course I miss meetings from time to time but I actually enjoy them. I find them inspirational and honestly most of the people in my meetings are way worse off than me and that also make me feel better. We're all in this together. AA and the rooms saved my life and I have been sober 3.5 years.
Having a sponsor and working the steps was life-changing. I learned more about myself than I ever wanted to know! I also gained confidence and learned sober coping skills. Working the steps is where I learned how to live a sober happy life. 
Hey there not sure I can add much more but I feel compelled to jump in. I just got 8 years and I have slowly reduced my engagement with AA over time. I used to go to a meeting every day often 2 or 3 and I had at least 3 commitments per week. I had a sponsor for the first 2 years. Basically it's been 6 years since I've been sponsored done step work or sponsored others. I still go to 2 meetings most weeks but I only have commitment at 1...All of that is to say that by this point I feel confident I could stay sober without AA. The main reason I still go is that the meetings were essential for getting me through the early years so I want to at least be a body in the room and a smiling face to those who need them now. I'm an atheist and don't go for the AA-as-a-new-religion thing. I genuinely just think people ought to do what helps and don't worry about what doesn't. The problem is it's hard for us to know the difference in our early sobriety so it's generally good to give others' suggestions a lot of credence when we're new. ..I do think the accountability you get from jumping in and being really involved in meetings is positive as is the sheer fact that they give you a safe place to be for an hour or so at a time. But you could get these same things at non-12-step recovery groups if the 12-step approach is a sticking point. 
I disagree with TheLittlestBit but we probably work different programs (and there's nothing wrong with this).  I go to meetings for fellowship - I make friends and fill my evenings so that I don't drink.  I was working the Steps for awhile but had some major issues with my sponsor.  I think that most AA and NA meetings are group therapy sessions... and this is a good thing.  We talk about recovery and living sober day-to-day.  Someone said last night "Why do I take my time in the grocery store looking around and then get really irritated at the checkout when people are in front of me?  Why am I in such a rush then?"  This might sound stupid but listening to other people talk about their day helps me learn patience and how to recognize my own triggers (often caused by frustrating situations)...Yeah some meetings have the same people talking about the same things.  Some meetings have way too much "god talk" (I'm an agnostic).  I go to different meetings at different times of the day and also NA meetings to meet different people and hear different pieces of advice...If it wasn't for meetings I'd spend WAY too much time alone which is not good for me because I was an isolation drinker.
One way to find out how many meetings you need to go to is to keep cutting back until you get drunk. You'll know that many is not enough. .A big factor is willingness. I used to think I was willing and had all these riduculous statements to demonstrate my willingness like  I'm so willing I'd mow a football field with a pair of manicure scissors -naked!   But I didn't follow the suggestions of people in aa. And I didn't stay sober.  .Then I started following the suggestions of people with successful long term sobriety-go to 90 meetings in 90 days get a sponsor and work the steps.  I've been sober ever since and it's been a number of 24s. .I'm glad I finally figured out what my sponsor was talking about when he said going to to meetings demonstrates willingness. .Willingness is a verb.  Sitting on my couch does not demonstrate willingness.
