-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/90luh9/advice_on_loneliness/

First time posting hope this is where this belongs. I'm 32 years old and I haven't been sober this long since I was 18. I apologize ahead of time my thoughts are all over the place. Not looking for sympathy but looking for advice. I'm on day 51 sober. I've been with my girlfriend for over 3 years. Don't want to make this a long drawn out story. I said and did some things while I was drinking that really hurt her. When I checked myself into rehab she wasn't sure she wanted to be with me anymore. I can understand and don't blame her. As she saw me getting better she thought maybe this could work and gave me a chance to come home after rehab. I really wanted to show her how I was doing better. ..I've been out of rehab for almost 4 weeks now. Still sober. I thought things were going great. She has told me multiple times that I'm doing so amazingly better than she expected. I thought things were great. I have been dealing with anxiety and depression and a general sense of discontent on and off caused by PAWS (post acute withdrawal syndrome). I always discuss with her when I'm feeling off because I know keeping it in is a recipe for disaster. Especially when there is no reason to be feeling that way at the time...The past few days she has started growing distant. Told me she's having doubts about our relationship. That she needs to focus on herself and I do as well. That she needs a break. I'm one of those that doesn't do well alone. I get really into my own head and depressed. I've been catching myself the past few days wishing I could just drink to numb the pain. I know that will solve nothing. I go to at least one meeting a day. I've been praying on this to my higher power I've talked to my sponsor but I'm still feeling so alone. Even in the meetings surrounded by people I'm so alone. I'm afraid I'm losing control. My mind flashes more and more to wishing I could numb my brain. I even just got a great job offer that I've accepted but I don't start until August 13th. I was hoping getting back into the workforce would help take my mind off of things. ..I guess what I'm asking is does anyone have advice or an experience where they've been through this? I know time is probably the only thing that can heal it but I'm afraid my resilience won't last long enough. Any thoughts on how I can stop this struggle? Drinking again scares the hell out of me and this feeling of being alone even around friends and family scares me even more. Sorry if this is the wrong place for this. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is where I pitch meetup.com. social activity site with tons of stuff that does not involve drinking. I do sports / athletics - recreational - but there are walking groups book clubs chess players museum goers history buff arts archeology gamers etc etc. plus they are often cheap or free. ..uwishunu has lists of activities to get out of the house as well when you are not at meetings. ..If you have a major (or minor) university around where you live...hotbed of activity. you can always take a class for fun too (colleges have adult extension classes) but most organizations have classes and seminars. cooking classes etc. ..good luck. also don't be afraid to ask in a meeting if anyone does any fun group activities / volunteering. .
Read the big book do exactly what they did help others pray meditate the answer is in the program. Without the step stay sober gets worse and worse as time goes by especially for a real alcoholic.... You sure not alone most of us have been there I totally get it.... 
I'm in a similar situation. I really hurt my partner of ten years &amp; he's not sure about us. It is terrifying &amp; painful &amp; one thing he told me was  I need you to be okay with yourself.  I really didn't know how to carve that path like you I wasn't good at being alone would get lethargic &amp; depressed etc...But I love him &amp; sort of made that comment from him a goal for me. I'm working really hard to get used to solitude to figure out what I enjoy doing to be reliable &amp; have a routine etc. He's taking time for himself too &amp; I'm proud of him. I have to believe that love can be strengthened by a period of growth. ..As the other poster said Meetup has been great even just browsing events in your area will help you get a sense of things you might like to do or try. I do 2-3 things a week via Meetup. AA has been an enormous source of support &amp; friendship for me not sure if that's of interest to you. 
Meditation really helped me with this.  It really keeps me grounded.  It's much easier dealing with negative feelings when I remember that they are only temporary and they will pass.  Life is always going to be a series of ups and downs so I need to power through the downs because I know the ups will be here soon enough. 
Yep been there got myself into all kinds of trouble...This kind of thing is going to cause some pain and suffering - but make sure you're talking to someone about it and that it doesn't seem excessive or unusually drawn out.  It's in early recovery when our booze has been taken away that we can find we have underlying issues that require outside help.  I nearly took my own life in early recovery and *then* we realized I needed to be on some anti-depressants lol...Journalling may help but other than that it sounds like you are already doing all the right things so you might just have to keep trudging and putting one foot in front of the other until things get easier.
Trust that things will unfold as they are supposed to. Someyimes we dont know and cannot control the outcome. The most important thing is for you to stay focused on your journey in sobriety.
I felt alone in a room full of people in early sobriety but I shared about it and people could relate. Work the steps share in meetings and do service . You sense of loneliness with vanish in time. 
Are you sharing this in meetings? All the things you said are good but here is a rule my sponsor told me: .. If you are thinking about it you need to be talking about it ..You aren't alone. It's a lie we tell ourselves. If you share exactly this in a meeting you will be amazed at the response you get. ..+1 to the advice to work on the steps. They are only suggestions but they did wonders for me. I'm sitting here not drinking and I was an everyday terrible drinker. 
Alcohol kills relationships.  When you have a solid foundation of recovery the relationship may normalize.  Picking up a drink will only make things worse.  My first marriage never had a chance because my disease prevented me from showing up emotionally.  After getting sober I have a wonderful relationship.
 I've never been  as lonely as I was the last few years drinking.  I read your post yesterday and it's been on my mind.  I've been lonely lately too.  I try to make myself laugh by saying  "I'm not lonely  I'm lovely." It's imperative for my sobriety that I don't forget the hell I was in all those years.  I'm impatient.  I want to feel better NOW.  I want a relationship NOW.  But I know that I'm not ready for my perfect partner yet.  Whoever they are they deserve the best me.  I'm attending AA functions that aren't just meetings. A Big Book study with multiple sessions and breaks in between gives me more of a chance to connect with potential new friends.  I'm an introvert and I've definitely built a wall up around myself.  I'm working on it.  Progress not perfection!
