-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/928lds/i_have_always_struggled_with_getting_a_sponsor/

So I am back in AA and finally doing it right. I am going to meetings everyday getting involved starting to work the steps etc. I have two people that are sort of working with me but I really don't know if either one is my sponsor. I know I can ask them but I've always just had a hard time establishing sponsors for whatever reason. I'm getting used to this whole asking for help thing. I guess I've been reluctant to just be candid and ask someone is because I'm afraid that I won't get along with them or they will be a shitty sponsor and then I'll have to break up with him and it will be all awkward in meetings. Heh. I'll work on it I guess.
----------immediate responses--------

Someone handed me a phone number at my second meeting and said "call her today. She'll sponsor you." ..I literally had no idea what to do except say yes. Mostly I was worried I would run into this person again and have to make up some excuse about why I didn't call the number they gave me. ..Early sobriety for me was very much about saying yes to things and trusting people who had more time than me. When I got further down the road in sobriety I could better figure out what things were the next best things for me to do but at first I just had to give in and say yes. ..Asking for help is not something we are used to. I was at the point where I was actively declining help. It's a big change to make. Maybe start by making the first change today and asking one of them to sponsor you. ..You can always change your higher power home group and sponsor. Just don't change your clean date. 
&gt;I guess I've been reluctant to just be candid and ask someone is because I'm afraid that I won't get along with them or they will be a shitty sponsor and then I'll have to break up with him and it will be all awkward in meetings...Me too! I never initiate new relationships because I'm afraid of this happening. 
You dont need to make it official I have a few people I go to stuff with that are old timers but I don't have an official sponsor.. 
Keep it simple for now. You have 2 people that are in your orbit. Just go with that and let it evolve naturally.  I never asked my sponsor to be my sponsor. I asked her to help me with the steps. (which meant the big book).  That was how our relationship began.  She committed to exactly what I asked for and nobody was 'locked' into any agreement.  As time moved on our relationship developed I learned to trust her and I am now comfortable calling her my sponsor. 
In a meeting I shared on a topic that basically was about how I didn't know how to ask for help. Someone basically said to me without me even asking if you want it I'll sponsor you. Someone with 12 years sobriety and a huge sponsor sponsee network reached out and grabbed me. I've been trying to be as strictly honest as I can and I'm ready to jump into the steps...This will be my fourth sponsor in 1 year of coming around. Ive been to many different meeting places in my region and I'm still branching out. Some places that I went to I've found could have room for improvement if you consider other places. ..Example I've heard you'll get this stuff just by coming to a meeting everyday or a few times a week. I've heard others say and I believe this that it works if you work it. This is most common meaning  that you need to work the steps with someone who believes this is the only way to go and you more or less surrender your will to your higher power as in part guided by them which is basically the same thing for them. A conscious contact with the higher power guiding the sponsee...I'm jumping into the steps now and happy I've found someone to go through it with. Changing sponsee sponsor relationships is part of the journey I think. Some can take you so far and then it's time to move on. I'm grateful for all of the sponsors I've had. To call it firing a sponsor may be a bit of an inappropriate label but I don't know if there's ever been a group co conscious on that. ..Keep learning about the program begin to contact your higher power and you'll get there!
I had to get over myself and my fear of asking a sponsor to be "mine." I never liked rejection &amp; the most important thing in my life was (is) making sure you think a whole lot of me.  Once I made the plunge I felt so good. Pick a sponsor &amp; squash those demons. 
