-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/934qj9/talking_to_a_sponsee_after_they_relapse/

Hi all I'm temporary sponsoring a guy who's shown some interest in the program and wanted to check it out. He seems willing (at least seems desperate enough to start trying some suggestions) and committed to giving 90 in 90 a try at the very least. He and I are friends former coworkers so we knew each other before he came in - I've been sober over a year now and he is interested in finding out how etc. Since we're previously acquainted I don't feel like being his full-time sponsor is the best thing for him and me but I'm doing what I can to check-in answer questions encourage him and direct him to some sections of the book. He texted me last night to say he drank and I was just wondering how you people who have sponsored before might talk with a sponsee after they relapse. I don't want to berate him but don't want to let him off the hook either...My home group usually handles it pretty casually the sponsor asks "Did things get any better?" and invites the sponsee to come back and pick up a fresh 24 hour chip to begin the work again. I know everybody has to take the first step for themselves and some people are committed to trying more research for themselves before they are truly ready. The beginners' meeting he and I have been meeting at has some old-timers who straight up tell newcomers if they're not ready they can go out and try some controlled drinking until they really hit their bottom and are ready to go to any lengths. Part of me respects that but I'm not comfortable ordering people to go back out and drink until their problems are so bad they have to come back...Any suggestions are welcome!
----------immediate responses--------

As a sponsor there are two truths I never get between but am responsible to the newcomer to help discover: the truth of the poison and the truth of the Power. Ask him some questions... What do you think triggered the first drink? What were you feeling before you picked up? Once you drank what was it like? Could you control your drinking? Were you powerless over the amount you drank? ..I usually say something like....."Hey buddy if drinking is your business it's non of mine to say ANYthing about it. Your an adult and you can do as you please. I hope you don't hurt yourself or anyone. If not drinking is your business it's my primary purpose to do ANYthing to serve and support your journey in recovery."..Continue to show him the beauty and peace that sobriety brings to you. ..I LOVE your question and search for support!!!
I would first try to ascertain whether he feels like he is done drinking or if he might think that he is going to drink again. Regardless of his answer try to help him see that he must make a decision to stop before any of the Steps or A.A. can be of use. Using the first step as a reference for that can be helpful. .If he does say he is finished drinking perhaps talking with him about the circumstances surrounding that drink can help illuminate some of his more pressing problems. I wouldn't go into depth on this matter but I think that before an individual can start looking at the first step they have to get an understanding that the program can't magically make you lose the desire to drink that is an individuals choice that becomes easier to make as time goes on but that there are still many ways that we can find ourselves easily wanting to pick up again. Try to help him make a plan if you think it will help about which meetings he'll go to maybe a timeline to help with finding a regular sponsor and maybe some other things that can help bring him into the fellowship a little more. Being a newcomer as you know can feel a little bit alienating at first and it really helps to have someone (Sponsor or otherwise) that can give you their understanding of how the fellowship and A.A. in general works for them.
I know I only have 2 months but telling someone to go out to go to drink to find a rock bottom is disgusting imo. We rationalize our drinking and no better rationalization than a recovered alcoholic telling you it's okay to go out and drink. ..I know I can't help I have never been a sponsor and I dont have experience here. But just revisit step one is all I can say. The book says only we can identify ourselves as an alcoholic and say we are powerless over the first drink. Just walk him through the craving part. 
In this sort of situation I would recommend you encourage him to get one day sober. Then the next day encourage him to get another day. People get caught up in  I lost my time  but if he can just move forward then he is already in the solution he is are no longer  the guy having a relapse.  
Read the big book tell him to read the big book. A sponsor is supposed to help a sponsee with the program/big book. From what you wrote above you seem OK with doing stuff that people in the fellowship suggest like 90 in 90 but not with what the big book says (see quote from big book below). If you are not going to help him with the actual program then you should tell him that and not be his "part time sponsor". Either be his sponsor or don't half measures availed us nothing. . ."We do not like to pronounce any individual as alcoholic but you can quickly diagnose yourself. Step over to the nearest barroom and try some controlled drinking. Try to drink and stop abruptly. Try it..32..more than once. It will not take long for you to decide if you are honest with yourself about it. It may be worth a bad case of jitters if you get a full knowledge of your condition.". .  .The old timers are correct and are only doing what the big book says. The big book exactly as it is written is God's will. Any individuals variation of that program is his will. Sponsorship is actually really easy if you and he find all of your answers in the book. .
I always thought temporary sponsorship often leads to temporary sobriety. Trying AA is a half measure. You either fully buy into recovery or you don't. ..Anyone who just wants to try AA on for size is still doing recovery their way. If anyone wants it their way go to an open meeting &amp; listen go somewhere else or to Burger King. Taking up a sponsor's time may take that sponsor away from someone who really wants recovery...If someone I sponsor relapses I usually ask "How is doing it your way working out for you?" If you want what we have and are willing to go to any lengths to get it.... the key words there - ANY LENGTHS 
You sound like you have a good head on your shoulders and I'm happy to see you are reaching out for help and suggestions. ..You say you don't want to let him off the hook. I'm not sure there is such a thing. To clarify are you saying that there is a response you can give that will make future relapses less likely? IMO that misunderstands the role a sponsor plays. You are a guide through the program and a source of individual support. You are not a life coach or probation officer. It's not your role to punish so there's no hook to let him on or off.  Your group's tack seems right to me - a judgement-free welcome back to jump in and start again immediately. ..Practical steps could include casting about for  permanent  sponsors to suggest based on what you know of the guy. If you've relapsed now's a great time to share your experience strength hope. An old timer reminded me that alcoholics drink that's our natural state so I have nothing to feel guilty for in the rooms and that really helped me shake it off to give recovery another go. Others might respond well to guilt and shame but I sure don't. ..The suggestion to try controlled drinking comes from the Big Book. It's not a matter of hitting bottom it's a matter of finding out whether or not one is capable of moderation. This is an abstinence program for people who can't moderate so the experiment determines whether that baseline condition is present. You could use that in this case - ask him if he tried to moderate and how that went. 
I wondered about handling a situation in which a sponsee relapses.  At what point does a sponsor part ways with a sponsee due to relapses?  Do you part ways with your sponsor if he/she relapses???
Have you asked your sponsor about all this?
If my sponsor were to berate me I would tell him thanks for you feable attempt to help me now I'm going to find a sponsor who isn't a lunatic....
People stop when they're ready. You arent God. Drink and I cant help you. .Alcohol always wins. Get out of its way. 
I ask if they want to stop drinking...If they say yes I tell them I appreciate their honesty. I'd they are honest open and willing we can work it together...And we carry on without judgement 
