-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/93uj5l/is_it_a_good_idea_for_a_newly_recovering/

I won't give a long backstory but my now husband (just got married last week) was lying to me for the past 5 years about his drinking. I didn't know he was drinking at all. He would drink mostly with his siblings and family. He lived with his parents on weekends for three years and for the past almost 2 month before we got married (transitioning between jobs) His parents were in on the lie and enabling his drinking.  Now we have our own home (living in it for 5 days) but he is at his parents house a lot of time cleaning it out. ..His issue is serious. He has had a total of 4 arrests and spent time in jail. 6 weeks ago he tried to kill himself because he was under the influence and because he wanted to stop drinking but didn't think he ever could. ..A couple days ago my fiance had a pre-relapse. He was organizing his stuff and found medication with 10% alcohol in it. That triggered him. He didn't have the ability to throw alcohol away so I did it for him (he asked me to). ..Today he went to his parents house to get some things. He found alcohol hidden away in a "hiding" place. I'm not sure what his parents don't understand. He is an alcoholic. He knows where all of their hiding places are. When my fiance came home from the hospital he asked his mom to make sure there was no alcohol in the house. She had some in her fridge in plain sight..not locked up. I feel like his parents continue to enable him and that we should not be spending too much time around them. I know my fiance can go buy alcohol from the store. It's one thing to do that but another to have it readily available in the house. ..Although my fiance and I now have our house he still is spending a lot of time over his parents house. I find their behavior disrespectful and unsupportive. I mean their son almost died 6 weeks ago and it's too much trouble for them to remove all alcohol from their home? ..I'm not an alcoholic and have never drank alcohol but I am writing on here to see what alcoholics think of this situation. I feel like in early recovery support is important.
----------immediate responses--------

Okay. I don't know where to start. Is he your husband or fiance? How the hell did you not know after dating him for 5 plus years that he drank/has a drinking problem? Is it too late to get it annulled? You might want to consider this. Is he sober now? From your title it makes it sound like he's sober now but from the reading he's drinking heavily? If he's in recovery and he WANTS to be sober do the best you can to support him. Keeping alcohol out of the house is a good start. Ask him how it makes him feel when you drink (if you drink) in front of him. My wife may have had her 3rd glass of alcohol all year the other day. Doesn't bother me. It may him. Get his parents on board. Tell them they should clean up when he comes over.
Please see /r/Alanon a support group for you--friends and family of alcoholics. ..You can't control him or fix him. You can't control his parents either. You can however get help for yourself. ..An active alcoholic is not capable of a healthy adult relationship. Alcoholics lie. They don't make good husbands. 
When I got sober I lived in a house with a full liquor cabinet and a refrigerator full of beer in the basement.  Getting sober isn't about hiding from alcohol.  
There's a liquor store on every corner. When an alcoholic wants to drink ain't nothing going to stop them...... Alanon will help you understand the disease a bit better
Everyone will have opinions on this. Let's talk about you though. How are you holding up? I know other people have mentioned alanon. They  mentioned it to me after I had five years sober and was obsessing about keeping my family sober. I felt pretty insulted because I was thinking hey I am the only sober person with all.these drunks around. This certainly isn't *my problem* right? But I eventually went and it felt so good to hear other people talk about the struggles of living with their loved ones and the steps they were taking to move forward and heal. There is a lot of support there if you want it. Hugs for you. I know it's chaos right now. 
When and what were the arrests for? Did you know he tried to kill himself prior to getting married? There are a lot of red flags here I think you need to consider and counseling is 100% needed at this time for the both of you together and solo.
The good news is you have your own place now and can make that alcohol free.   What other people keep in their houses is none of my business.  I'm long time sober but prefer to not see beer every time I open the fridge.   Out of sight out of mind...
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/940eck/seems_like_a_bunch_of_al_anons_in_here_lately/?st=JKE1TS05&amp;sh=1a34d637
nope not a good idea...&amp;#x200B;..youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
