-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/944xnk/the_push_and_pull_of_relapse/

Relapse sucks... Not for me because I just celebrated 4 years sober this past month but for the people I see come in and out of the rooms and for those who never make it back it kills me. Someone goes out and dies then I'm left asking myself if I could have done more to keep them sober. Just dealing with a growing pile this month and had to drop it here. Anyone have suggestions on this topic?
----------immediate responses--------

Just gotta leave it between them and their higher power. I know it's hard but maybe that was their destiny?  
In recovery you must learn to walk over dead bodies. Sadly. 
I've lost a lot of friends over the years this disease is as serious as cancer.  .I don't take on anyone else's sobriety I have no idea what God plan is for anyone. I know that if I stay sober and keep carrying the message I am doing Gods will and my part to save lives. All we can do is share the information /aka carry the message... As they say we carry the message not the alcoholic. 
Worry about staying sober or it could be you. None of us regardless of time are immune to relapse.
it absolutely does not kill me when someone. it absolutely keeps me alive.
The ones early on bothered me as if we were all in this together and their suffering was going to impact me. I realized it was foolish and useless for me to think I could hurt for or with them. We are not tied at the hip...They are not memorable as individuals after a while and unless they go out spectacularly they are part of the blur of faces passing through. After time passes how could anyone be expected to remember dozens of thousands who were around some months and drank again? I have trouble remembering those who continue to show up sober...A few times a year some stranger will come over in a parking lot or in a cafe to assure me he's planning on coming back to meetings real soon that things are bad and he needs to get sober again. Well good then.
One of the most important things I learned in recovery when working with others is: I AM RESPONSIBLE ONLY FOR THE EFFORT NOT THE RESULT..What if? ..I should have (Don't should on yourself)..
My sponsor always says  better them than me  and I thought that seemed really callous but he has 30 years sober and he has had 8 sponsees die. He's very serious about the deadly side of this. This shit wants to kill me. It tells me I may not be an alcoholic and addict even though I have been to detox been fired 5 times shit on someone's floor woken up on the side of the road. Does this sound like someone who can control and enjoy their drinking!!??!??!?!? Why brain why? I just keep coming back. 
I've learned just how hard it is to get sober by trying and failing and trying again. So when people go out and when people die I have complete empathy. I know that the likelihood of relapse is much greater than the likelihood of long term abstinence with even the best of our current treatment options. That's the ugly reality of substance addiction. ..I think back on whether any AAers actions could have prevented my relapses and honestly do not believe so. I do know I am grateful beyond expression for the people I met this last attempt who were open about their atheism/agnosticism and taught me ways of working steps and using AA concepts without having to believe in the supernatural. But that didn't really make the first precarious months easier than before it just gave me a way of feeling like AA might help me this time.
Thanks for this 
