-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/94bg7y/distracted_by_opposite_sex/

I'm 29 years old I have a healthy sex drive.  It gets me into trouble at meetings not because I hook up but because I'll end up thinking about the pretty girl  all meeting.  I've been trying to focus on objects and my tea but it's difficult. Anyone else struggle with this?  No men's mtgs.
----------immediate responses--------

No men's meetings?  Like there are no men's only meetings in your area?  You could start one.
I try and masturbate before meetings. That and remind myself how deadly serious alcoholism is.
Yes I've thought about masturbating first.  I could see myself losing all motivation after but it's worth a shot bro!
Yes like today I did just that and some woman sits directly across from me after she came in late.  But yes sitting p front does help a lot!
There is a really hot girl that goes to my meeting as well. I confronted my problem by befriending her and talking alcoholism with her and sharing where I was and where she was. We talk about her ex husband and her kid. I'm 27 she is 30. I mentioned once that i wouldnt ever consider dating anyone at my AA group so she felt comfortable talking. It got me out of thinking about her all meeting in a sexual way. I mean she is still extremely pretty and I would likely not have the will power to turn her down but I now think about how she is doing instead of the other way. 
I don't shit where I eat. I need AA to stay alive. I sure as shit don't want to go to a meeting and see a bunch of ex girlfriends!.... Plus AA definitely isn't a hotbed of mental health..... I think people who try and get laid at meetings are fucked... Lol... I hooked up with tonnes of girls in early sobriety I'm married now but I met them online... AA has got to literally be the worst place to pick up women
"The odds are good but the goods are odd" - good rule of thumb about dating in AA. I have the same problem by the way and I often think I'm probably  sex addict or at least have that mental obsession/ character defect of lust. Done extensive inventory and 5th step on it and it's a huge part of my 10th step. ..Seriously my first and only AA love affair...the most beautiful woman I've ever known  blonde blue eyes 6 weeks after we started dating she relapsed turned yellow and went into liver failure she could not stay sober. That was summer 2011 she finally died in Oct 2017 in a nursing home at age 45. So when the guys who call me sponsor invariably hook up in early sobriety I tell them about my experience...Anyway apologies for rambling but OP  I can relate.
use it as a learning experience. become their friends 1st and practice that outside the meetings. i like the ladies too and meetings have taught me how to be around them at work and whatnot. plus it's just a bunch sickos dude! you don't want any of that.
I'm probably being too sensitive but calls the woman of AA "odd" and "sickos" is disheartening. I agree that you shouldn't use it as a dating pool though. Not because they aren't lovely woman but because it's not an appropriate place for that. People are highly intuitive too. They probably notice you noticing them. AA should be a safe space for everyone. 
How serious about your sobriety are you if you're turning down the only solution? Honesty open-mindedness willingness. 
The 13th step is a beautiful thing 
The Beaver Trail Leads to Wine Country!
Mens meetings. 
