-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/94krnd/social_hierarchy_sponsors_aa/

My sponsor Tim has always had a large personality makes money and is attractive.  He always seems to be sponsoring several people who approach him.  He recently relapsed 2 months ago but is back at it and seems like everyone wants him as a sponsor again.   Sometimes I feel like aa is just practice of social hierarchy and personality.  Could people comment on this please it's really bugging me!
----------immediate responses--------

You will see similar patterns emerge in all societies and groups of people.  Don't get caught up in the popularity contest.  And get a new sponsor.  
Don't compare.  I notice people who came in the same time as me are streets ahead regarding step work and fellowship.  I sat back and listened.  We all have our own journey. ..You didn't drink with everyone in the bar.  
Lol very true I did not
I totally relate to this question and I try to take this stance when I can: Everybody in AA is an example. All the examples are useful good examples and bad. We can see what they do and what results they get. We find a good example and do what that person does. We can be glad for the bad examples they show us what could happen to us if we get off balance. 
Whenever something or someone bothers me I need to look back at me and see why am I bothered? And what needs to change in me and my attitude rather than the situation. From doing multiple sets of eyes I have realized that person/problem will always be there just with a different name.....
I see the same thing with many circuit &amp; celebrity speakers.  Not so much about relapse but many members prefer praising the messenger &amp; not the message. 
i don't get involved enough to notice these things. those people can have fun running circles around themselves. im outside living my second chance.
You kept this guy as your sponsor after he drank? I would be concerned about what he had to pass along that was going to work well for me but didn't for him. 
Tim was probably drinking the entire time but no one noticed because he was the super cool dude.  Do yourself a favor and find another sponsor.
it can be. like high school lol
youtube aa seven selves its insightful 
