-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/95qjwv/hey_oldtimer_youre_not_doing_it_right/

Its funny I see it all the time. People in their first couple of years talking about how this or that old timer is grumpy or isn't positive enough. I know because I was this guy in my first 2 years. I haven't had a drink in 9 years and yes it is a good life a lot better than my alternative but life isn't all rainbows and unicorns. After the first couple of years the pink cloud pops and life gets real. It can become overwhelming for some that's why lots go back drinking or commit suicide. I personally have had multiple close friends from the fellowship commit suicide and also overdose on one day relapses. I went through a couple years of extreme debilitating depression and anxiety mysel. My best friend is currently in a mental hospital. Why share this "negativity" because life isn't always fun life isn't always fair sometimes life sucks. In my experience though so long as I keep doing what I need to do in the program it passes and life becomes good again..... Without darkness there can be no light without sadness there can be no happiness so being unhappy sometimes is perfectly normal and acceptable. So next time you see a grumpy old miserable AA member maybe have some empathy and concern yourself with how you can help that person rather than how you can get them to shut up and carry a better message (your will) .. Whether we are one day sober or 20 years sober we all need each other and yes new people can help old timers.... .Hopefully we all make it to be a crusty old-timer... 
----------immediate responses--------

Currently almost 6 years and going through a bit of that depression myself thanks for this post
Thank you 
When I follow the directions I feel great. When I dont? I dont. That's 6 mos clean or 6 years....its all contingent in my work in BB 
At a few years in I remember feeling short-changed when a 20 year person did our speaker meeting and gave a standard pitch. I wanted secrets and insights and revelations! But he talked like any average AA member. ..I missed what that meant at that time. ..We had a cranky old 20-something guy from another group that would drop in occasionally. Really foul tempered. It felt he was letting me down by being as he was. That he owed me to be better. He intimidated us with his scowling and we didn't share well that night...heard he complained about us to others later. ..And don't get me started on all the delicious rumors of bad behavior swirling around the most popular circuit speakers that I lapped up hungrily back then. ..Looking back to my early days I felt much better when I could stand on the shoulders of the oldsters and look down on them. It was almost irresistable and done without thought. I expect no less from new people now.
I know the difference between what I can change (me) and what I can't change (other people.)  With that in mind I guess I will go ahead and tell you what thoughts this post brought up and how I feel about negative old-timers...Well there's being grumpy and then there's being a bully.  I know everyone is fighting a battle I know nothing about. When someone is just inconsiderate or rude to me I don't take it personally. However I won't tolerate abusive bullying behavior from anyone in the fellowship irregardless of how much time they have and I feel like I've seen that more from old-timers. I admit I do expect more from them. Also I'm sure they get tired of seeing people making the same mistakes over and over but when they lose their temper over it that's not cool.
Amen to what you said OP. I'm at 13 years and yeah I've thought about Suicide a bunch in the last three or four years though I've been doing waaayyy better since about October of last year because I got the right outside help (saw a new doctor who put me on a different antidepressant). It's funny cus what you are talking about was the topic of the last meeting I went to. See how that all works? In my opinion God is watching nudging me every once in a while to be like  hey bro watch this.  .And it's crazy how many of favorite people die. It's like more than half my sobriety memories involve people who are dead now. But the flip side of that is that for the first time in my sobriety I have multiple sponsees who actually want to work steps and stay sober. I never used to have much luck finding sponsees who gave a shit. 
Thank you so much for this insight. Two years here and constantly internally berate old timers for being miserable. This was a great reminder that everyone struggles and uses meeting as a place to share even those with substantial time! You are an good egg :)
