-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/96200c/its_getting_better_all_the_time/

I made my first post to here on Tuesday night gmt ! I was hopeless helpless and on the verge of a major relapse ! I reached out and people answered ! I threw the rest of my drink away ! I am but a child in AA ! I have three meetings and three days sober (fucking seven if I hadn't opened that bottle) under my belt ! I opened up to an online community ! No one here knows me or any of my shit ! Anything I've done or even if I'm male or female ! But they stepped up ! If there is anyone out there losing a battle post in ! I had support in minutes ! I couldn't believe it ! It would appear us alcoholics stick up for each other ! It made me want to keep trying ! There is always someone awake on this subreddit ! You are never alone ! I always thought I'd have to take out this demon by myself ! Every time I would lose ! I was told tonight at a tiny rural meeting in the middle of nowhere that  there are alcoholics all over the world  most will take the time to help you ! It's a really nice thing to think about ! .Just for today I will not drink with you ! .Xx
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome sounds like you're making a good start going to meetings.  What worked for me was 90 meetings in 90 days (I still go to lots) getting a sponsor and getting started on the steps.  I continue to work the steps and help others.  ..It's a good life.
This really is the most amazing fellowship. Thank you for being here Sam. You belong and you can reach out for support any time knowing that we want and need you here. Much love x
You'd be surprised how many meetings there are as well.... All morning noon night late night or call the central office phone number in your town... The phones are operated by volunteers like you and me always open to having a chat call anytime!... AA is the most awesome disfunctional family ever 
By sharing this you are helping others. Stay close. Stay with it.
Good post. IWNDWYT!
