-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/97ydfd/day_2_sober_after_a_4_year_battle/

Last night I did not drink alcohol for the first time in months. Partly because I had a terrible hangover and partly because my best friend told me she didnt want to be my friend anymore. Shes tired of seeing my potential being waisted. And it's too hard for her to witness...Even tho my feelings were hurt. Losing a friendship that meant a lot to me it actually motivated me. I understand where shes coming from. I've have a problem with alcohol for 4 years. ..So yesterday I did not drink any alcohol. It wasn't difficult. And today I actually woke up before my alarm clock! The first day in months I've woke up without an excruciating headache and nauseous stomach. I was proud. I texted my other close friends I knew they'd be happy for me. ..Today day 2 was a struggle. Ever since about 8 PM all I could think about is alcohol and having just 1 drink. I told myself wine is better than tequila it won't hurt. ..But right at that moment when I grabbed my keys to go to 7/11 and get that wine. My friend called to see how I was doing. She encouraged me to not drink today. And to just be strong and take it one day at a time. ..I always told myself I can quit when I want! I dont have a problem! .But i do have a problem and i cannot do this on my own.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this. You can do it! You never have to drink again if you don't want to. We care about you and fully support you. If you're interested in meetings definitely go. I've got 9 days and the meetings are the best and most helpful part. We're all pulling for you!
Congrats on 2 days. Admitting that you can't do this on your own is a big step. Staying sober requires support and work. What do you plan on doing tomorrow to stay sober? 
Sounds like you found the right place.  Great job on making it through day 2.  That was great that your friend talked you out of drinking. Close friends can be awesomely supportive. I find that making friends with people in the fellowship of AA is also helpful. My friends in the fellowship are able to relate with me when we talk about the physical craving for alcohol or my inability to stop once I start drinking. ..We alcoholics think differently concerning day to day life than non-alcoholics. I find alcoholics speak my language and relate with me better than my non-alcoholic friends or family. In addition AAers have a common solution and are working for the same things as far as the improvement of our lives. ..If you think you are an alcoholic I would recommend finding a meeting and going. That is where you will find a solution for your alcoholism and a way of life that will solve all your problems. Also see about picking up the book  Alcoholics Anonymous  or read it on AA.org. It will answer many questions that you may have and will describe the AA program. Good luck you can do this! 
Good morning! I appreciate the responses. I looked into some aa classes. And I will be attending my first one today at 8pm. Since that's about when I get the cravings! Again I woke up today before my alarm clock! And I feel great! Thanks again for the support 
This is the beginning of great things for you. You can do this! You're smart to look at your friend's departure as motivation to quit drinking. That could quite possibly have been the best thing she could ever do for you out of friendship. There is already great advice for you in here so I'll just throw my verbal support behind you. I'm 3.5 years sober and a bit of an anomaly. I spent a week in in-patient detox (not rehab) and it was the perfect situation and circumstances for me. I didn't feel AA was the right option for me although I read and enjoyed the Big Book and carry it with me. Maybe it's the meetings that put me off but at any rate I will keep it as an option in the future....As the saying goes take it one day at a time one craving at a time. They will ease up. You have the self-awareness to succeed. You can do this!
Take a look into The Sinclair Method. It's a pharmacological approach to addressing this issue. I am currently on the program and am having success.
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days...youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
