-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/980y5k/7_months_sober_and_in_the_dog_house_need_feedback/

Some background: Im 17 and I was using for around 4 years of my life and basically I just needed to share somewhere where I might get some helpful feedback. ..The past 2-3 weeks Ive been doing my best to be of service to my peers in school and others in my recovery program although I can occassionally credit myself for the service Ive done Ive found myself unable to reap any benefits and Ive consistantly been obsessing over the idea of getting loaded more and more. I knew the obsession would eventually return and throughout my recovery it has sometimes in small thoughts which I usually share and other times in more impacting ways. But each time I havent had to much trouble in being restored to serenity and then pouring into another addict to completely relieve myself. But for the first time in awhile Ive found myself tossing and turning in bed at night up until 4-5am constantly battling thoughts of wanting to get high. My disease continues to find ways to break me down and justify why I should "just get high now considering Im bound to relapse at some time" or how sobriety isnt any better than getting high (mainly due to the consistancy). And I understand that while in a shitty spot it's going to be hard for me to see all the good that has come out of my recovery so far but I feel like Im missing some essential piece right now because I cant seem to curb this latest obsession. Ive prayed countless times attempting to bring more and more god into my life and Ive done all I can to be othercentered as well as getting my own needs met but I still seem to fall short. Any suggestions?
----------immediate responses--------

Are you sharing this in meetings? You need to give others the opportunity to help you. Do you have a sponsor? Are you being honest? - OK your thoughts are not you unless you do everything that you are thinking. You can think something without doing it. These thoughts are like echos in a cave reflections from your past. When you think about using it happens without any effort on your part it just happens. What you have to do is put action/effort behind it: you need to consider about how the relapse would play through. OK I drink or use &amp; how long until I feel like I felt when I quit last time? And what if I can't stop next time? What if I don't get a next time what if I don't make it back what if I die out there? 
It takes time. Sometimes the obsession fights hard but try to stay focused on what you need to do as your very next step. If you're contemplating a drink or drug pick up the phone and call someone right away. Do you have phone numbers? Or better yet put a message out here and many people will be waiting to support you and provide guidance. Thank you for sharing this heartfelt message about what you are going through. You are not alone remember that okay?
Totally normal to have strong cravings at 7 months. It took me upwards of a year before I stopped having ones like that. I'm sorry it's messing with your sleep. The main thing is to give it time knowing that this feeling/experience is temporary and WILL change. A few things to try:.-  externalize  the craving. It's an outcome of the way your brain has been wired by years of use. You're still early in the process of rewiring for sobriety so you have to give that time and not let your stupid brain undo all your hard work. .- Add an immersive activity you can do to get through the cravings. Exercise is an excellent option but anything you enjoy can work. .- Meditation.- avoid afternoon/evening caffeine. Coffee at my night meetings was royally fucking up my sleep.- Seek therapy or medical attention for anxiety if it persists and/or threatens your sobriety. ..And keep doing what you are doing! It's helped you get to seven months and it's the foundation to help you get to all the years you have ahead of you. It's just that it's often not enough on its own. 
Do you have a sponsor you are actively working the steps with?  
Immediately and in the most desperate situations I force my thinking into a frame of gratitude by repeating things I am grateful for as fast and as long as I can. I also do that in the morning and the night as routine.  It is inside pain so it is inside work. When I hold my breath for example my flesh cries out long (4 minutes) before there would be a threat. I had been saying "yes" to my flesh all of those years and now this authoritative "no!"?  It fell on deaf ears. ..If you are doing this for yourself then you have some image of what you want to be and what that looks like.  Focus on that image in every moment show every cell of your being your vision. When I find myself practicing the wrong role like tossing and turning in bed letting my flesh whine I stop immediately rehearsing behaviors thoughts and attitudes that aren't heading toward pure clean life.  Keep the whole thing turning with daily routines practicing the principles and staying humble with prayers of gratitude strength and wisdom. Take command of your flesh on the inside with a clear vision in your head and when you have to say no don't show the slideshow of destruction any more show the sizzle reel of the future.  Keep rolling it until some of those lesser cells under your toes get the full picture. ..The pain is internal so so too is the solution. New roles new scripts scenes etc. Let me know how I may be helpful on your journey. I'm having a personal struggle so my most powerful tool ever  is serving others at their feet but not letting the grass grow under them. Showing up being present at meetings or places where people need help that is more severe than my own problems you can see douses some of those chaotic episodes when my flesh starts yelling at me what I should be thinking about.  Change the tape to What am I gonna do to make sure last night doesn't happen again tonight...What is my strategy? Daily Evolution.
It seems like you've focused a lot on "service" based on what you said in the post. There are 3 parts - recovery service unity - I have to be working my steps going to meetings and fellow shipping ALONG with being of service in order for my obsession to stay at bay. I would suggest getting far more involved with your step work and connection with a higher power when the struggle is real.
Instead of  battling  thoughts of getting high just pray for relief and focus on getting through today. It doesn't matter whether you believe in prayer or not. Just do it and don't engage in the mental argument...IMO the battle itself is a trick of the alcoholic mind trying to get you to relapse.
This probably isn't terribly helpful but just today I was wishing I could have a 'do-over' in life. That I could go back and change a lot of things. I know and realize that this isn't productive thinking on my end.... but then I came here and read your post I see that you are 17. You don't have to have a do-over you can move forward there are so many amazing things waiting for a sober you! Take sober life grab it cherish it. You have your whole life ahead and it's going to be amazing. 
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days... and youtube aa seven selves...recovery book by russel brand. do the work in it.
