-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/988mv5/how_do_you_live_a_spiritual_life_as_an_atheist_in/

My sponsor suggested I speak to other atheists about how they maintain a spiritual life. It wasn't something he could really speak too...I do know some in the program but I thought it might also be useful to ask on here...I can talk more about my beliefs but wanted to keep it short. Thinking about any kind of God or creator is incompatible with my beliefs and so I couldn't turn to religion for a higher power.  My atheism isn't from any place of resentment pain or hatred. I've encountered a lot of people who struggle with that but not me. I have no ill wills against religion and find it quite interesting. It's just not part of my beliefs. My higher power is G.O.D as group of drunks. By that I mean I believe the fellowship and the steps and those bonds can keep me sober and enter into a process of recovery...Surrendering myself to the higher power I suppose would therefore be doing the program in earnest and listening to my sponsor. But you also need to live a spiritual life. And I look at the world with a sense of wonder and amazement or try to but I wanted to see if anyone had any insight advice or what they do.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man. DM me and we'll talk..
Just for me it's impossible for me to seek a spiritual path when I am still seeking a high from substances. 
I'm not an atheist. To me living a spiritual life just comes down to being a good person. Don't lie or cheat. Try to help those in need. Don't be selfish. Just be a nice person. 
It's  God as you understand him/her . I don't believe in God the Devil or any religion for that matter. It is all tainted by us. So many of our worst characteristics and hateful beliefs stem from religion. ..My  higher power  is the energy and power that I feel I'm accessing when I meditate. I believe we are all God's and that we have a power within us that we are unable to control or utilize. I don't know how to explain it...Maybe try guided meditation for a few weeks without the expectation of having a spiritual experience. I think you'll sense the peace that seems surpass human comprehension. ..If you think there is nothing at all besides us and this planet then you are entitled to that belief. I do know that there are billions of galaxies that we will not be visiting any time soon and I feel it would be a mistake to believe there is nothing more powerful than the human experience...I hope you find an answer to what you're looking for. 
try to understand your size in comparison to the world. and be a decent person. that really is what it's all about.
No point in doing the steps until you're ready... Getting "high" on Vicodin is not really a good alternative to alcohol... Basically like doing meth to get off coffee. 
I struggle with this as well; I'm a couple years sober now and my spirituality is very up and down. I am similar to you though in that I have no resentments no anger or hurt from my past - the typical God thing just isn't for me. I achieve spirituality through making meetings. Service work. Journaling. Yoga. Meditation. Spending time in nature. I say the third step prayer regularly and ask my higher power (I usually speak to the universe) for the willingness to work on my relationship. They tell me it just takes time so I just keep on keeping on trusting that things in the world will just work out as they are meant to. Best wishes.
The AA program and the principles of the steps are my higher power.  For Step 3 I was told I could turn my will and my life over to the care of AA. What that meant for me was to make a commitment to complete Steps 4-12 with honesty open-mindedness and willingness.  And to Trust The Process.  To have faith that the program and the steps as outlined in the book would work for me even if I didn't yet understand how.  ..Also Step 12 says we will have a spiritual awakening AS THE RESULT of these steps.  Mine did not happen until after Step 12 and I am still an atheist.  
Try Buddhism - no God and Refuge Recovery is the related program.  If you seek you will find.
Great question...There is a line in the book that describes the purpose of the steps. It says  Our real purpose is to fit ourselves to be of maximum service to God and the people about us."..So since I don't believe in God the third step simply becomes a decision to live a life of maximum service to others.
Atheist here. For me a big part of spirituality is my ability to connect with other people. It's also my willing to continue to work on getting out of the way being kind and honest basically just not being an asshole. When I do all those things I am able to connect with others in a way that wasn't possible before or was only possible in fleeting moments. 
I love your sponsor! My atheist  spirituality  follows the secular humanist model of appreciating this life (its the only one I am guaranteed to get!) in the here and now. That looks like cultivating my personal relationships using my strengths and abilities for good rather than evil using my science and nature geekiness to learn about and marvel at our natural world consuming and appreciating art and culture etc etc. Specific to recovery it looks like giving back what was so freely given to me. I had a traumatic experience sponsoring so I don't do that rn but I practice step 12 in the other ways Bill talks about in the 12X12. Steps 6/7 as I practiced them were the most transformational for me giving me impetus to radically alter my approach to my life - essentially I quit being a hedonistic sociopath and actively embraced an ethical/moral center in my life. I also remember that none of us are saints we are mostly doing the best we can and resentment is truly a poisonous hindrance to contentment and serenity. ..See how much the program can be used without the  God stuff ?
I am an atheist and believe I have a rich spiritual life...I do not believe in God in a religious sense. I was raised a Catholic and spent 7 years as a nun. My spirituality evolved into facing scientific reality. I don't like religion very much. Most of the wars in the history of the world have been and are fought in the name of religion. So I guess that makes me the atheist a word that sounds cold and detached which I am not...I am a spiritual person with a love and respect for life. Causes which I'm passionate about are drug addiction particularly alcoholism and domestic violence. Hospice is another involvement...I do not begrudge anyone their religious beliefs. They have a god which make the challenges of life easier to cope with. But it doesn't fit for me. You can be an atheist and still have a rich spiritual life. I love nature beauty music babies ...you get the picture.  We'll never have the answers to all of life's mysteries. People who think they do are the scary ones ..To me spirituality has to do with health truth love nature fellowship humor creativity and simple human kindness..
