-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/98vv1w/i_dont_want_to_do_service_work_and_feel_pressured/

I'm rather new (4 months into the program) and I feel very pressured into doing service work which I'm very very resistant to. I want to start out by saying that I know some people swear by it and I think thats wonderful I really do. I'm sure that to some of you I sound like a but of a jerk and I know I'm 'supposed' to embrace this but I just can't. It sounds horrible especially given how many hours I spend at my high-demand career and barely get any time to myself as it is...I just personally really don't want to do it. I know this is not how I 'should' feel but I don't like the idea of doing free work just to stay sober. It feels like a punishment when I already feel like I have to struggle enough. I actually resent that this is expected in the program.   ...Can someone kindly please explain to me why this continues to be preached as \`so essential' to the program? I'm really struggling to see that and I've never liked doing chores for other people regardless of the context. I absolutely *loathe* it...What I want to know is - Does anyone else feel like this? Did anyone feel like this initially and then feel different later on? If it's important to and beneficial to YOU can you please explain why?..I know this question might make me unpopular but I wanted to be able to turn to this group anonymously and get some feedback as I know this question will upset my sponsor lol. ..Thanks guys!
----------immediate responses--------

You are free to feel however you want about any aspect of AA at all. I will just tell you my experience. There are a lot of things that I am not super enthused about always been that way. I came into AA years and years ago and repeatedly came in thinking "I will do this and this and that but I will not do these other things." I was just doing what I wanted. I went back out over and over again. I was living on self will. It wasn't until alcoholism just beat me down so bad that I became totally willing to surrender. To my sponsor to my higher power to AA to whoever. If someone told me to do something and that it would help me to stay sober I did it. I would have cut off a finger if my sponsor said it would help. For me to put together any significant amount of continuous contended sobriety I needed to fully surrender. So I do what my sponsor says. I also have a demanding career that leaves me with little time. I do service and I assure you I dont always want to. But even more than that I do not want to drink. Because when I drink I lose the career and the family and everything...Anyways I hope it works for you. honestly. It did not work for me and I've seen so many people who it also hasnt worked for.
There are service positions that don't require any extra time beyond the meeting. One of the main things they do is motivate me to show up every week. It's too damn easy to think of reasons not to go this week and that only gets easier the busier I get. ..You're relatively new and service plugs you in and lets people get to know you which is great for boosting accountability. ..It's really worth trying. If you hate it and don't think it does any good hand over the position no harm no foul. 
AA has given me so much that I want to give a little back to it. ..Newcomers are encouraged to do service work because it keeps them busy and active in the fellowship. Also it helps to get them out of their own heads &amp; doing something good for others. Most newcomers &amp; alcoholics in general are pretty self centered so service work helps them to be a tiny bit less selfish. 
you should do it because you are self centered and selfish as fuck. service work is humbling and helps you not be so selfish.  
Service work can be done at a meeting.   Volunteer  to read the preamble or how it works.  See if your meeting has service opportunities like greeting or making coffee  or helping to set up or tear down chairs.  Some meetings take meetings to a rehab or detox once a month. Volunteer to go a couple times a year...I don't know the extent of what your sponsor is asking you to do  but it helps me to get outside myself and be of service.  It's not that time consuming.  And it is not a hard requirement of AA merely a suggestion. ..
Totally natural everyone is like this and becoming more and more with respect selfish to the  point that we loathe working with others. But generally speaking to get sober you have to go in the complete opposite direction that you have been going to "cancel" years of those habits tendencies disease left to free range in your body and brain.  Being honest and honest with yourself is key and that is why everything about your post is right. For me I was so desperate that I kept my judgements and all that to myself. I served at hospitals and in other ways that felt safer than working directly with drunks.  For me my problems hurt me they cause pain. I need relief. Serving does the trick. For all the preachy reasons people say. For you the answer comes back around to you. What is the point of you asking help of others if we all give in to loathing others. It is easier and cheaper than getting fat. No one would answer your post. Look on your money look anywhere it takes unity! People showing up for others. Love not loathing. This is your shot. It is happening right now. You head toward life or death from here on out. Turning inward surely kills you outward gives you a shot. You should be able to ask yourself which way you are going not wait for a sponsor to show you with an upset response. We lift weights to challenge ourselves what really is the difference if you do something daily that you are comfortable with that gets you out of you and challenges your tendencies to sit and wait to die. 
To me part of the balance of sobriety is growth. I find that I grow most effectively as a human when I have to step outside of my comfort zone. It then helps me make good decisions when I feel uncomfortable due to cravings or other stimulating challenges. ..But you have to do you. Just make sure your choices are moving you in the direction you intend. ..Best wishes. 
You can do whatever you want in AA... If everyone had your attitude there would be no AA though not trying to be a dick that's just the truth. .Everything in AA works against what I want to do. The steps meetings and service work are hardly things I ever wanted to do but the more I do those things the better my life got. Service work is a fantastic way to get to know people and get in the middle of AA to truly feel like a part of. I dislike doing service work but I love the results it gives me. Same as going to the gym or doing the steps... .At the end of the day like everything in AA it's your choice and you can do as you please... When someone in the fellowship tried to tell me what to do I politely tell them to take their own inventory and I'll take my own.. If they continue I tell them to fuck off... Lol... 
I don't want to do it either but I do it anyway. 
You could just try to find a sponsor that doesn't do service work. ;) 
  \&gt;I've never liked doing chores for other people regardless of the context. I absolutely *loathe* it. ..Service work is to give a little back for what you've received.  So basically you want to take from AA but give nothing of yourself back?  ..I work full-time (own my own business - so that's like 70 hours a week) am married have 3 children have aging parents who need help and STILL people like me are there to help people like you... \&gt;Can someone kindly please explain to me why this continues to be preached as \`so essential' to the program? ..There are actually a couple of reasons why service work is seen as essential - but mostly it's there to keep me sober - I've worked the steps now I need to live the program and for me (and most others) that includes service work for AA.  Also every once in a while I need reminding what a selfish little asshole I was when I entered the program - so thank you for that.
Service work gives back to a program that has helped saved my life. And gets you out of self. ..You can make coffee before a meeting. Stay after a meeting and clean up. ..It doesn't take much to do service work. Sit with someone who needs to talk and share what you know. Even at four months you know something. Help someone with less days. ..Buy an AA book and give it away to someone who needs it at a meeting. There are so many ways to do service work. It comes down to helping someone besides yourself. Because when we were in the madness was worry about ourselves. That's what I get out of service work. 
Service work is suggested because it helps keep us sober. It works. This is also true of everything in AA - it is the tried-and-true collected wisdom of generations of alcoholics who went before us. ..I suspect that you will eventually have to chose between your selfishness and your recovery. Service work will help you with this.
This would be a great topic for you to bring up at a meeting without necessarily tying it to your own feelings directly.  As far as it upsetting your sponsor  personally that wouldn't  be much of a worry.  Sponsors exist for these types of things.  ..Everyone who commented here just did a little service work.  ..Here is the 7th Promise:..We will lose interest in selfish things and gain interest in our fellows. Addiction leads to many self-centered behaviors. Helping other people find recovery can bring addicts outside of themselves and help them develop a genuine interest in other people.  ..Have a nice day OP.  It works if you work it.  It sucks if you don't.  AA will always have your back.  If we were all the same there would be no need for meetings or AA at all.  There would be no learning from others experiences.  ..The 5th Promise sums that up...No matter how far down the scale we have gone we will see how our experience can benefit others. Many addicts don't believe that other people understand what they've been through. But in AA they often meet people who can identify with and learn from their experiences..
Alcoholics have spent so much time focused on self that doing something for others takes you out of self. I guess that is what you call selfless or at least a step in that direction. It's practice getting out of your self...Service is one of my favorite things about AA. I love showing up to the meeting early setting up chairs making coffee. Why? because I can give a little of what has been given to me back to the people that gave it to me.  I also get a lot of fellowship that way. Once everything is set up the other volunteers and I always sit down and have an informal meeting before the meeting. More often than not I get more out of that than the actual meeting...It is essential to me because I was (and Am) such a selfish bastard that I need to do something for others. ..Service is a lot of different things . Reaching your hand out to the newcomer and welcoming. Setting up meetings. Secretary meetings. Holding a service position in your home group like treasurer or service coordinator. It is a lot of things...I encourage you to try. I know it is uncomfortable and not something that you want to do. Nobody does. But how much time have you spent doing what you want only for yourself? I know for me that way of thinking landed me in AA in the first place so was time for me to try something different for a change. ..I guess it all comes down to what you want out off AA.  
service work like chairing a meeting or being  coffee guy  or whatever shouldn't be too much of an issue. you're there anyway yeah? anymore than that is pointless. and some of these people turn service work into aa all the time - which is when the cult effect starts take over your personality. keep on guard and always remain yourself. these  i go to aa everyday because i drank everyday  have nothing else going on in their lives and probably never will due to making aa their life instead of just living their own life. if you feel pressured you're dealing with groupthink people rather than people just trying to recover. avoid those people and meetings and find a safer place. 
You're newly sober so you're supposed to be uncomfortable.  The idea of service is how you square the debt.  Putting your hand out to a newcomer is how it works a newcomer may identify more with you than an old timer...Surely you've freed up a lot of time now you're not drinking?  How many years did you give to drinking?  A little service isn't unreasonable?..But... don't be guilt tripped or pressured.  Keep coming back after all just sitting there looking well shows others this works - that's 12 Step work. 
I felt EXACTLY like you do.lol everything you said. I just didn't  do it. I understand somebody has to though. Not me though and that's ok.
What chores are you being asked to do? Some groups/sponsors go to extremes.  Service can take many forms and comes at different times. Don't do something under pressure. God is OK with what works best for you. As long as you are making progress.
Good on you for honestly sharing an unpopular opinion.  The weekly commitment to be Secretary for a men's discussion meeting got me through my 2nd year.  I might have drifted away as "possibly cured" after the mental obsession was removed but I had this damn commitment.
Your conception of service work sounds different from what I consider service work in aa. ..For instance is it work to talk to a newcomer and ask them how they are doing and find out if they have gotten a big book or need someone to talk to? ..
when i do abc (ashtrays brooms and chairs. well no more ashtrays...) it helps to keep me humble active and moving (i consider it a form of moving meditation) and am naturally drawn to "do things" i feel like i am giving something back i dont care if anyone thanks me i do it for me. i dont care if anyone sees me sometimes do stuff though no one is around because i feel it is "the next right thing" for me. ..there are so many service activities you can feel free to find what works for you and don't have to have someone guilt or bully you into doing things. i am shy so sometimes i take on greeter or secretary at the other fellowship to push myself outside my comfort zone. perhaps you can just stand at the door and say hi welcome to (name of meeting) nice to see you. i find it is a nice way to meet people and at least get them to know my name if i don't share a lot. 
Ask your sponsor why he helps you for free.
Service is being suggested to you because someone cares enough to try and help you stay sober.  Above everything we alcoholics must be rid of this selfishness. We must or it kills us!  ..You don't have to do anything. You can do whatever you like. You are being encouraged to do service because other people have found that it helped them when nothing else did. Washing dishes and stacking chairs is not my idea of fun but it makes me useful to the people who are saving my life so I'm grateful to do it.
The way I see it it's practice for getting less selfish.  I'm relatively new too so I'm starting off with little things like cleaning up after a meeting or signing up to bring snacks.  I'm usually so wrapped up in myself and what I want that I often ignore what other people are going through.  Service kind of interrupts that habit.  The act itself isn't pleasurable - it takes time and energy and I don't always want to do it - but seeing the impact it has can be and that's good practice for the way I want to be in the rest of my life.
Its an action based program. Whether its re arranging chairs making coffee or giving a lead chair a meeting these are all things we do to help out the program as a whole. ..Yes you can come and get what you need. But then what about giving back? It really does help us stay happy in sobriety and it helps is work to get outside of ourselves. ..Thats the way i understand it hope this helps. Ty 
I think one of the genius ways that AA works is that in helping others we learn &amp; integrate the program better. Also it's scientifically proven that helping others makes one happy but not to the determent of one's own self care. Ideally help in a way that is a good fit for you if that makes sense. Well done on 4 months. Live long &amp; prosper 
I thought today's Daily Reflections addresses this very nicely..https://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/daily-reflection
I had a good laugh reading this. Not at your expense I assure you; rather my own. You captured my feelings perfectly when I was in my first 6 months of the program. ..At about a year of sobriety we had a group conscience and the group volun-told me into the trusted servant role. I was simultaneously pissed &amp; ego-boosted. It was a hard thing to do with what I was dealing with in terms of anxiety and my voice shook pretty good during that first meeting I ran...It got better. By the end of my service commitment I had some idea of why they thought it was important that I do service. I'm pretty selfish...well selfishly I got a HELL OF A LOT more out of doing that service that I felt the group got from me. That was motivational to do more service. ..It's built out quite a bit from that point to where today I spend about 5-10hrs/week doing service. Today I'm driving someone who's 6mo sober from his work to the jail and last night the director of a in-patient treatment program called to ask if I'd stop by to speak again. I sponsor other men and try to be of maximum service to everyone in my life who's NOT in AA as well. ..I'm able to give a hellofa lot more to my wife and kids today due to what that's all taught me. I'm happy joyous and free. Have zero anxiety depression and healthy self-esteem for the first time in my life. All thanks to AA and those jerks who told me I needed to be the trusted servant... :)
There's plenty of service work that is not very ti consuming IMO - being greeter at the door before meeting selling raffle tickets being the secretary or treasurer of the group coffee maker setting up hall. In my experience these are all 1 hour or less per week for a home group commitment. If that's too much time/effort than I'd say anyone would be correct in taking your inventory regarding being selfish/self centered. 
I hate service work. ..I used to attend a meeting in a small town. Soon many people stopped going or moved away. There were only a few of us. I had to open and close the 2 meetings a week carry all the literature in a backpack. After 6 months where I was the primary (the others took some of the burden when I was out of town) I *hated* that backpack. Blah blah blah. Service work. blah blah blah. Help alcoholics. Keep the lights on. blah blah blah. I hated it...Then I wanted to drink. I walked through the little store. Told myself that if no one came to the meeting tonight I would drink afterwards. But I figured I should at least open the place up in case anyone showed up. I had made a deal. I was going to drink.  ...No one showed up. I sat and I read the Big Book for almost the whole hour. Played with my phone a little bit. And I left. I went home. I didn't even think about stopping to get that drink.   ...Service work literally saved my life that night...A year later I moved away. I get an email from a friend saying that there were 8 new guys all of them going through the steps together. He'd never seen so much willingness in one room.  ...I thought of that backpack. I thought of the drink I never took. I cried. I was so grateful. I finally saw the value of service work. It didn't only save my life that night but because I played my part in keeping that meeting going other people got sober. ..I may never get a chance to see my part in things like that again. But I did. And I don't know if I'll doubt my part in things any more. I don't have to know what my part is in order to play it. I just have to do what's in front of me.
You don't have to want to do it just do it. Willingness isn't doing only what you want to or feel like doing.
All I can day is; all of your best decisions are what got you where you are today...so maybe taking the advise of others that have what you want (sobriety) isn't such a bad idea right now. 
