-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/997w6y/what_do_i_do/

So long story short (sorry its still long)  my father died when I was a child (8) my mother when I was 23. Both alchoholics.. Not violent but mum drank wine form 5.30-Blackout my dad would drink cherry and other random things while working full time and supporting the family (not a bad guy very loving always there for myself and sister any time he could be) I never really drank until my mum got sick (cancer) then it was a litre of cheap low alchohol vodka every night to get to sleep...Before all this at social gatherings parties piss ups what have you I'd just smoke weed and laugh with people. Have a good time and laugh at the pissed people. ..But when mum got sick. Getting high was horrible. Just made me think 'tooooo much' ..I was her caregiver. Not working. Every day was her and I. Sure I had a welfare benefit to be her caregiver but to hold the house up. Keep bills paid and everything out of nowhere was hell...So she died from lung cancer. I never got on with my extended family of which is very small now as many have passed on. No grand parents left on either side of my family either. ..I have one aunty and uncle I trust and connect with. Be myself.. Love me. Etc ..Now when mum was about to die I met this girl. She'd run away from home. We had everything in common but not.. Fell in love instantly. ..She was there for over 3 years. Every day. We went through hell and back several times. Learnt who each other was on a deep level (I'm a very emotional person if you guys can't tell already) ..After mum died I was left her life insurance and the house no mortgage. As I wasn't working and now living full time with said girl that's how we lived. Paid bills and ate. Quite quickly that money ran out. I made pretty stupid decisions like buying cars. Traveling my country and living not in luxury but living. ..I ended up getting a job. Her studying. I ended up planning my whole future with her only for her to say she wasn't sure about marriage because of our problems. Which were drunk arguments on weekends when friends would visit. ..But we pushed on only a day after said arguments or two everything 'seemed' okay. Back to our self's still very much in love. ..Few months ago she told me she did want to marry. So I started paying for a custom ring for her as we never believed in overpriced diamonds and gold. Her name engraved and my nickname for her engraved on the outside. ..Things were great.. Thing is. Half way through our relationship so 16 months ago I had a couple living in our house boarding helping with bills and everything. The guy my best friend of 10yrs. ..And they had issues. Not alchohol or anything just mental issues I can't hate we're only human right? ..But those problems started to affect my now ex as his partner was quite manipulative with trust and being a friend would lead her one way through their friendship then pull her the other by not talking stares and other things which quite frankly screws you up. ..At that point I was paying 60-70% of the bills and house upkeep. I started drinking again to get to sleep. Just so much stress it seemed impossible. I can't loose the house in this market My partner at the time still studying and only able to contribute small amounts. ..So I kept on.. Working. Shitty flatmates and what not.. but drinking.. Like every night. Not abusive or nothing but the addiction was evident. ..Fast forward to our 3yrs and those flatmates have left. No longer friends. Just myself and her. She had a friend from study move in to help with bills and he needed a place anyway so it makes sense ..Still drinking every night.. Those shitty arguments on weekends when they would happen they'd be bad. Just both of us not backing down. A lot of yelling and me trying to leave and walk away to cool down saying stupid shit as you do when your pissed. ..Where am I going with this? Well we ended up agreeing having kids wouldn't work. I have a severe immune disorder and she's never really wanted kids but loved dogs. So we got one. A rescue puppy. I've never been a dog guy but fuck did I learn to love this dog from day one. ..And two weeks ago she left. That future marriage and dog gone. A house I can't afford to upkeep. All gone over drunken arguments on weekends which created trust issues. The shit I'd say and do.. Vice versa. ..Now I'm truely a broken man.. My flatmate is her friend so there's memories that won't die. ..She went back to her parents a few hours away with our dog still talked to me every day from an hour after she left.. I tried to feign myself and confidence. Make her laugh as much as I could each day. She'd said I was always worth a second chance. Need to work on ourselves. Etc. ..Now after two weeks the communication is dying quickly day by day.. Just found out she's already talking to other men. In just these two weeks I quit driving like cold turkey. Started working out. Doing whatever I could in my mind to prove she didn't waste those years and that second chance was worth it...Found out yesterday so this is two weeks and 2 days she's already talking to other guys. Moving on. ..I thought she was my future.. Irregardless of our arguments.. Thought I'd see that dog every day till he died. ..Now it's all gone. Thank you alchohol you fuck. And I have absolutely not idea what to do. ..I planned our wedding.. Half paid off a ring. Became so infatuated with her. Learned to love her family and be involved. And now I have nothing.. ..2 weeks sober I could make sense of everything. But that was all hope for this girl our future.. Our dog.. ..Then boom she's moving on. That second chance never existed. I won't see her or my dog again I'm certain.. ..In this last two weeks I've gone from 55kg to 46. Can't eat.. Terrified of sleeping because really bad dreams involving her and the dog.. Her and guys. That is now a reality. ..Had a bunch of time off work. Can't do anything right now. After she left I didn't eat for 5 days. Still struggling to even snack letalone Jane 3 meals a day.. ..Found out I am probably going to be fired / made redundant as my work is loosing the contract I'm apart of.. ...What the hell do you do.. Your future wife and family is gone for good. All that time meant nothing. Your jobs gone. You have no friends no anybody really. And now your going into a horrible hole of which you have no idea how to even start crawling out of.. ..I'm fucked. So fucked. Everything's gone. Started drinking as soon as I found out she's talking to other guys (yesterday) didn't go to work today.. Bodies eating itself from not eating so no energy.. I have no one to talk to. ..I don't know what to do :(..Sorry to post such a huge emotional rant guys but.. I really don't know what else to do.. Just needed to get this out. ......
----------immediate responses--------

bottom is the perfect place to start. don't not buy another bottle and go to a meeting when the current supply is empty.
I'm sorry you are suffering.  Please consider attending an AA meeting.  If you are interested in learning more about AA the official website is AA.org.  Here's an introductory pamphlet... https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-1_thisisaa1.pdf 
Gosh that sounds incredibly painful. I really recommend getting to an AA meeting because you will find support and companionship there. Are you eating now? I know it gets hard to eat when under this much stress but it will be so much harder if your body doesn't have the fuel to run. If you don't get enough food the stress and depression will only be worse and if you're drinking as well it can lead to a really fast physical decline. I know it doesn't seem like it now but there is a good life waiting for you after this grief and pain if you are willing to take it but you have to take care of yourself to get there. 
Thank you.. No I'm not drinking. I know now why I was.. I had too much pressure and decided to hide no devices to cope with any of it and I guess drinking worked in my mind at the time... ..I've thought about AA but right now I'm thinking no just don't drink. And to be honest it hasn't been hard. I've had maybe 4 cans on the weekend with a friend and the same seeing a family member. (that one uncle) its just all the damage that has been done is horrible....Ive eaten once a day for the last 10 days. The first few I ate nothing...I'm now trying to just snack again and have dinner.. But I want to be hitting the gym so I need to sort of force myself to eat as much as possible now even though I really don't want to.. I bought some protein powder the other day to help when I do start gymming. ..I'm hoping if I can force myself to eat lunch and snack in the afternoons plus having dinner every night and some protein I should be okay.. I don't know if this is the end yet between her and I.. I just know there's a lot of work to be done. ..I'm pretty weak right now ae.. My ears are ringing constantly and I know my body isn't happy. I had potatoes and some broccoli for dinner. It ain't much but I guess it's better than actually nothing. Had some chips and noodles around lunch.. Again not much but it's something.. ..Fuck this is really hard :/ thanks for the support though. I don't want to give up.. Just really scared I guess.. ..
