-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/99idei/asking_the_experts/

(Throwaway account).I have a question of sorts for you brave guys and gals..I used to drink a lot. From mid-highschool years to about the age of 24-25. Im 29 now and for the most part I rarely drink anymore since then. Why? Several reasons but mainly I've been struggling health wise and alcohol makes that much worse obviously. This is made much easier by dating a wonderful man for 4 years who doesn't drink. ..However I still often crave to drink. Socially I *really* struggle going out making friends opening up to people etc. I feel really sad and nostalgic a lot of the times thinking about the time in my life when while often drinking I was doing so much and being around people...Now i have a hard time even wanting to go out and do stuff and if I do I crave to drink. It's like my social life is intimately tied to drinking and I have no idea how to untangle them...Does this sound like someone who is an alcoholic? .I don't really know what to think or who to turn to...Thanks for listening &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Alcoholics in my experience keep drinking even after many vows to quit they often end up drunk when they had no intention of being drunk. Some people would likely suggest that you are white knuckling it and are a dry drunk. ..I don't use the term dry drunk because it is a pretty subjective term. I also think that not being happy and grateful all the time isn't pathological-just a normal variation in human temperament...A lot of people struggle with some social anxiety and some anhedonia. If it's having significant negative effects you might bring it up with a doctor. If your curious about dry drunk I'd fread more than a few articles and posts about it because the descriptions of it are all over the place.
The average non alcoholic drinker doesn't think about these things. Seriously it's a total non issue. They don't need to sell the concept to anyone that they aren't alcoholics. But once you have crossed that line and the the obsession and cravings start well that's a slippery slope. 
Sounds to me like you are a problem drinker who displays certain alcoholic tendencies. Some problem drinkers turn into alcoholics and some don't. My suggestion is to not drink and see a shrink to talk about your issues. 
An alcoholic would still want to drink despite devere health costs and potential loss of their relationship. And people ime usually do what they want to do eventually.
Despite your flattering title we are most assuredly *not* experts just laypeople who support each other in abstaining from alcohol/drugs. ..The modern understanding is that alcoholism and substance use disorders generally exists on a spectrum. It is not an either/or proposition. However none of us are qualified to diagnose you. If alcohol is disruptive to some aspect of your life and functioning then that warrants evaluation by a professional who can diagnose you. The DSM-V criteria are available online if you are curious. 
Does the phrase  White Knuckling it  sound familiar?  When I was 32 I stopped drinking to treat my post-partum depression with medication.  I felt sorry for.myself that I couldn't drink.  Eventually I started drinking  occasionally  on my meds. ..I'm sober in AA now.  I'm grateful to have worked the steps.  A great burden has been relieved and I'm content to be present now.  ..If you think it might be a problem.  Check out a meeting.  Talking with your doctor and a therapist are also options...If you are interested in learning more about AA the official website is AA.org.  Here's an introductory pamphlet... https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-1_thisisaa1.pdf 
If when you honestly want to you find you cannot quit entirely or if when drinking you have little control over the amount you take you are probably alcoholic.
Seeing a therapist is my best suggestion. Somehow you didn't learn adult social skills. A therapist can help. 
