-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/99u2ww/struggling_with_multiple_relapse/

Hi everyone. I am new to this subreddit. I have been in the program for about five months after doing a sox week IOP for the first time. I made it four months before I relapsed. I have been dating off and on and know the program teaches us to stay away from relationships for the first year but am also fighting issues surrounding co-dependency. There is one woman I have been seeing - who supported me when I was drinking helped me research rehab facilities and asked to accompany me on my first day - who has now decided she wants to be exclusive. ..Part of the reason my alcohol accelerated (drinking at work after work first thing in the morning and generally around the clock) is because of a bad breakup which left me grasping for anything to numb the pain. I am not looking for any type of exclusivity or relationship. ..ThT being said I have told her this and she continues to see me. The first time I relapsed her and I were having a verbal argument that got very heated. We each said things we wished we could take back. The second time I relapsed her and I had another argument in the morning. I relapsed that night. Then the next night. And now I find myself sitting in a bar drinking again. ..After my first relapse I managed to get 17 days under my belt. Since then I haven't been able to get beyond three. I attend six-seven meetings each week sometimes more. The sponsor I was working with broke ties with me as we were working my fourth step because of a disagreement about my anonymity being compromised (I work a job that makes me recognizable. He wanted me to attend a meeting where I was being recognized frequently despite how uncomfortable it made me.)..I guess I'm just looking for general support and advice. I haven't told any of the guys I went to rehab with who I keep in contact with every day about my latest relapse nor have I told the people I have been meeting in the rooms and talking to/texting each day. I don't know where to turn and am worried that any hope I had of staying sober is fast slipping away. ..Any thoughts are very much appreciated. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

