-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9andpg/inner_critic/

My inner critic must the hardest working mother fucker on this planet. It is there every morning ready to start the slide show and warm up all the stories that cast me in the roll of asshole regretting the past and fearful of the future. Why does this voice have to be critical. Do people who don't struggle with alcohol addiction have a supportive inner coach who says stuff like "don't worry this is gonna work out ......you are a good mother/father son brother friend. Do they? I really don't know because this is not my experience. Why would Mother Nature equip us with an inner critic? what possible benefit is it to have this inner critic. To me it's like a cancer. Despite all of the mad dangerous stuff I did when drinking I am still here and with Gods help am recovering so with that in mind why should I fear the future sober when I am so much more able to avoid danger or the manage it when it happens. I don't need to tell you folks that removing alcohol does not wipe the slate clean it's a start but bad stuff happens to us all. It's just so much easier to deal with sober. Sorry if this is a rant
----------immediate responses--------

I suffer with this especially when something new or even good comes up in my life; I'm always fearful that I will get in the way. So with that being said I truly try and pause to tap into my spiritual self. Something as simple as trading a positive thought for my negative ones has done wonders for my health and my  itty bitty shitty committee.  The steps and the promises keep me going on days that I can't seem to get a grip; I just have to hold out for smoother seas and trust in my Higher Power's design for me which doesn't always make sense to my little human brain. I also stay connected to my supports in AA try to take good care of my overall health and I ask for help when I know I can't do something alone. But the best part I don't have to drink over any of my problems today. Sometimes that's all it takes to get me back to a sound mind. 
I can so identify with your post! It requires consistent focus and work. At times in my sobriety of also gone to therapy. It's real. And has to be addressed. And I have to stop asking why did this happen to me? And take action! It gets better I promise you!
Having a sponsor and working the steps would go a long way towards helping you with this.
The more I do for others the less I think about ME ME ME ME ME...my fav subject..good bad or worse..
 I've heard it described this way - when we're drinking it's like we're driving a station wagon and everything life throws at you you toss it in the back to deal with later.  When you get sober it's like you've slammed on the brakes and all that stuff comes flying forward and nearly buries you.  ..I am starting to think that 'regular ' people do have am internal supportive coach rather than that critic I know so well.  My critic is slowly slowly fading away and it's being replaced by a kind compassionate voice of reason.  
