-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9awj1p/it_feels_like_my_sponsor_is_ghosting/

I'm 110ish days sober. I met my sponsor in June and asked if they'd sponsor me in late July and they've been reading the big book with me giving me homework and having me check in regularly. I've been compliant but in the beginning I struggled a lot with willingness. It's been hard for me to admit powerlessness (I'm still on my step 1) but I've been working on it and we've gotten together 3 times and I really feel like I had a break through last week. But they haven't responded to my check ins they take days to respond in general and  how about next week  is when we'll get together. ..Maybe they're busy. I don't know. I wish they'd tell me. ..It just sucks because it's super hitting on my insecurities and I just don't want a new relationship. I've been rejected so much by people in my life it just makes me feel like a piece of shit. I just thought this would be safe because it's not about being friends. And I really don't think I did anything to offend. I don't know. I just hate this feeling. 
----------immediate responses--------

i think you need to fire your sponsor and look again!
People suck. In and out of the program. Fire your sponsor. Find a new one. It's your sobriety at stake. You're like your own little baby. You care about your sobriety most. Keep firing until you connect. 
Congrats on being 110 days sober and doing step work! It sounds like your sponsor is probably just busy... it happens.  Why not take this as an opportunity to grow your support network reach out to people with long term sobriety who seem happy (yikes I know from experience that it can be daunting). The more people in the sobriety circle the better!.
The code of AA is love and tolerance at the end of the day we all are sick people with a disease of alcoholism at the end. Second there is a lot of dry drunks in AA they might be sober but not working on the solution in the big book. It's a simple program for complicated people. Right now your the most important person to focus on it's life or death as I see it. Get an interim sponsor get 2 or 3 and the one you feel most comfortable stick to him or her. Old timers are better in my book because they have more time and patience. Plus if they been around for years they probably been working the solution. Steps 1 to 3 are very very and I mean very important. Get your footing deep in the soil. Really read and understand the doctors opinion more about alcoholism will help you better understand the insanity of the first drink. Slippers man with a glass of milk was my favorite. Good luck 
My sponsor can be the same sometimes.....He has a family and a demanding job. I thought a sponsor was supposed to be at my beck and call to save me if I felt like drinking. Guess what it's not all about me! ..Alcoholism is a selfish disease alcoholics are all about me me me. Use this as a wake up call to remind yourself it's not all about you you you...It really helped me with my programme remembering I'm not the centre of the universe and need to think about other people to grow spiritually it's central to your work...Good luck with the rest of your steps. You've come really far.
Read the pamphlet about sponsorship. A sponsor's job is to walk you though the steps not be your personal therapist. Before you fire them check that you're not expecting too much from them. 
Call them and communicate your thoughts on this. Its not offensive just ask how they would like to move forward as you really want to work on continuing the step-work. Maybe start looking for a new sponsor if continue to get flaky. With my sponsor. I usually have to reach out to him not the other way around. Thanks
There may be something going on with him or her or just plain busy. It's not about you! Perhaps turn the table and leave a message asking are you okay? And something like I miss hearing from you and wanted to check in again.
If it's hard for you to admit powerlessness just answer this questions. When you drink can you control the amount you drink  and when you try to stop can you stay stopped? If you answered no to both you have alcoholism  and you are powerless it's all in the doctors opinion and the beginning chapters . 
My sponsor right now is hard to get ahold of or meet up with because he runs his own business and is always so busy. We have a set time to talk each day but even then he isn't always available. BUT if I'm struggling and text him  hey I need to talk to you  he will call me back immediately. I would try and talk to your sponsor about these feelings. It's possible it's just not a good fit.
I often felt second best and worthless with sponsors always asking them for things and doing everything on their time... I found out that a sponsor can help with the steps but if they are not helping they're completely useless to me and my sobriety especially if I get resentments against him like so many do. . .I used the joe and Charlie big book study audio available online to explain the steps to me I did my step 5 with a priest and got sober. No help from a sponsor. That was 9 years ago..  .If you study the big book like your life depends on it and follow the exact directions you will get and stay sober.... More often than not "sponsors" get in the way of that goal.. To thine own self be true..... Do what you need to do to stay sober. Do not put your sobriety in anyone else's hands.. 
I wouldn't worry about them not responding to the checks ins.  If you do ask a direct question and don't get a response then that might be something.  Especially if they won't set a date for your next meeting...My sponsor actually ghosted me for 6 weeks then when she dumped me I still checked to see if I should get another sponsor.  I called every phone number I got so if I had a question about the book I'd call my sponsor and then start going down my list til I got a live one. I cast a wide net early.
I had a sponsee once that used to call me when it was convenient to her (on her way to work) but it was inconvenient to me (I was already at work). I'd call her back when I could but it was never a "good enough" time for her. I told her that she should find another sponsor...say one that is retired...but she held on to me until she had enough and moved on to another sponsor. It didn't really affect me like she thought it would. She said I never cared about her because I didn't get upset when she moved on. There was no talking to her because we were a bad match. ..&amp;#x200B;
Try not to take offense to this. If I was your sponsor and set my life aside to meet with you three times if I read that correctly and your still at Step One then ya I'm going to put my efforts and time into someone who is willing to move forward. Now I'm not stating that you can't struggle or balk or take your time but it's not a sponsors job to convince you. Theres people who are ready to keep doing step work and he/she are likely choosing to spend their time helping those individuals. 
