-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9cdsl1/im_struggling_to_want_to_attend_meetings/

I'm 90 days sober and have no desire to go back out. I love my sobriety and I know I have to work to keep it. I'm not doing any behaviors that are leading me back to my old lifestyle. The problem is that I find myself dreading going to meetings because I don't really want to be a part of the group socially. I'm not normally an antisocial person but I slip in right at start time and leave the second it's over sometimes skipping the end so that I don't have to chat with anyone. This started happening somewhere between 60-90 days but there was no defining moment to link it to. ..I'm sure I'm not the only one here that has experienced this. How have you dealt with this? 
----------immediate responses--------

I found a couple meetings where there was at least one person I enjoyed chatting with before and/or after. I took service commitments so I would feel compelled to go even if I'd rather have stayed home. It's no coincidence the people I like are the ones doing service too - also gives us the opportunity to catch up for the week. 
I did the same thing at first.  I just wanted to be left alone.  ..First thing pat yourself on the back for going.  If coming in late / leaving early is what it takes for now that's fine.  You made the meeting and may have picked up some helpful nuggets. ..Second I found it helpful to have a home group.  I wasn't participating sharing or chatting after but I was consistently there.  The more I attended this particular meeting the more I felt comfortable with the familiar faces around me.  .I was still coming late / leaving early but with time I got comfortable enough to talk...I'm now the greeter :-)
there's nothing wrong with that. ive gone 12 years without mixing in. find at least one person to talk about the steps and leave at that.
This is the way alcoholism is cunning. Following  what I want  could slowly slowly lead me to drinking. First I don't want to go to meeting X then I don't want to go to meeting Y then I don't want to talk to the sober people I know then I don't want to avoid bars then I don't want to be the only one not drinking at this party then oops there's a drink in my hand. So I just go anyway even when I don't want to. Better a few extra meetings than not enough. The whole course of my future life is at stake.
I have to echo the others don't be too hard on yourself. Get to meetings don't drink and don't be an asshole in between. I had an old timer when I came in say that. I do get in early and stay late now it took time to feel at peace in my own skin. Time takes time. There is no aa police monitoring your coming and going. A good sponsor relationship is essential early on  up to you though. 
For whatever reason this never was obvious to me but you can ditch meetings you don't like and go to ones you do. I relapsed after 6 years at one point after stopping meetings 3ish years in. Looking back now I was going to meetings that I would rank a 3 out of 10. In reality I should have been going to 7's and above. Not sure if that helps or just sounds dumb but for some reason it hadn't occurred to me.
Keep going anyway. You're not going to meetings to be amused.
You need a decent sponsor.  And if you SEEK in time you will make a few friends in AA.  Then you will look forward to seeing them at meetings.  I was like you.  So I took on being group secretary so I had to go.  Then in time I made friends.  Now 13 years later I am happy with it.  By nature I am not a joiner and I am a skeptic.  But Thank God AA works for me..
I really like going to meetings but at times I get burned out.  When I feel like that I have no problem skipping a few meetings.  AA and the rooms saved but sometimes I need to get away from some of the negativity.
A service commitment will help.  
The real meeting is before or after the actual meeting.... If you show up late and leave early you will feel exactly as you do not really "a part of" or on the outside looking in. I know because I did that for years and years never got sober and never liked AA. It wasn't until I showed up early left late set up and cleaned up did service and got involved with a home group that I actually started to enjoy AA. 
Not saying this will happen to you but in the quite a few 24's I've been around I've heard this losts of times from newcomers.  Statements like "No desire to go out" "love sobriety" etc. have started to sound like death knolls to me.  Generally I'll see the person around for a few more weeks then no more.  Sure I bet some of them go on to live happy lives but a pretty good portion of them come back pretty beat up.  ..I hope that doesn't happen to you.  You say you're not " not doing any behaviors that are leading me back to my old lifestyle." then go on to say that you have begun practicing behaviors in the last month or so to avoid personal contact at meetings: "I slip in right at start time and leave the second it's over sometimes skipping the end so that I don't have to chat with anyone.  "..AA is a "we" program we can't do it alone.  I'm sure there are exceptions you may even be one of them.  You may get by fine without AA there is really only one way to find out.  Let us know how it works out for you!..&amp;#x200B;
I think everything you wrote is 100% normal and i completely get it.Liking the meeting or not wanting to socialize is fine.Not going is not fine.I found that the before work (645 am) was the 1 that worked for me.Theres typically good sobriety at early meetings and hearing AA stuff right off the bat really sunk in.Theres not much socializing since most are off to work.But please keep going and believe me when i say your feelings will change.Good luck. 
My alcoholism disease exerts every effort to cut me away from my recovery support so it can isolate me and kill me.  My disease uses my mind to trick me into thinking I don't want to connect with others in recovery.  This is a symptom of my disease.
Your mind is waking up and you're scratching your head  how you ended up in AA. ( a  possible theory why it's happening )
Those 20 minutes before and after are crucial. If you can adjust to that you will feel a part of the group. Even if you don't feel like talking just hang around. Smoke a cigarette if you smoke.
You are letting your fears keep you from the help that is in the rooms. That simple chat is the first step towards what will get you well and if you avoid it now you are choosing a path that leads to you making all the same old decisions with no new input no new friends to call when you feel like drinking and most likely ...back to drinking eventually...People at AA meetings can ask uncomfortable questions "do you have a sponsor yet?" - if i have no intentions of getting a sponsor then this simple question can make my skin crawl and "force" me to lie to this nice person who seems genuinely interested in my well being and then i feel guilty about lying to them and i stop going to that meeting. But these kinds of people are EVERYWHERE and no matter what meeting i go to  god sends them to seek me out and ask these questions that make me terribly uncomfortable...My god also sends welcoming people who are funny and kind and wise and if i keep shaking hands and chatting i will find some of them too and they will become new friends and will help me to stay sober. However I can let my fears keep me from all of this because dealing with people has always been a source of great pain for me and i don't want to experience that...I had many moments that i wanted to run away from during my interactions with fellow AA's but there have been even more times that have given me growth and wonderful memories and fantastic feelings of belonging that i never would have experienced had i not persevered through the tough times at the beginning...I hope I am not getting preachy I am trying to be helpful maybe i missed the mark a little bit maybe the reason you don't like the chat is something else but the chat IS only the beginning of belonging and we all have trouble with it and i encourage you to just take small steps and keep trying because it is very important...                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
I went for three months. I never quite felt like things were clicking for me. I over-analyze everything so I'm a really big skeptic. So I stopped going. That was 14 months ago. Haven't been back. Haven't had a drink in 17 months. 
I dealt with it by stopping attending meetings. But then the bad drinking stuff would force me back. Rinse and repeat for 6 years+...Embarassing that it took me that long to catch on.
find a same sex group - sit and listen for the first 90 meetings.  youre allowed to hermit and listen. 
