-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9e291t/anyone_with_18_months_of_sobriety_and_still/

I have 20 months of sobriety under my belt. The first year was honestly not too bad and I didn't really have many temptations to go back. Around the 1.5 year mark I started getting cravings to use again. I've been dealing with this for like 3 months now. I have just been sad and wanting to use so that I can self medicate and feel better... .I just want to know if anyone has any experience with this long of sobriety and struggling? 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there! .I have over 18 months clean several years actually and I can relate to the feelings you described. For me I don't get strong urges like I used to but I know for sure that somewhere in my mind the desire to drink is still present. That is the nature of this disease it can never be truly cured in the conventional sense. Part of working the 12 Steps is coming to terms with this fact if you haven't worked them already I strongly urge you to. For me understanding this fact is no longer a burden in my life. I have accepted the fact that I'm powerless over alcohol and it has made my life unmanageable. What's important is that I continue to put the effort in to prevent the chance of me taking that first drink now that I'm honest with myself about my drinking. I do this by being involved in A.A. and using the 12 Steps as a guide for living my life. Whenever I get that strange feeling which I identify as my alcoholism I know that I need to take action on that if I allow my thoughts feelings and self-will to begin to take hold in those moments I'm most likely starting down the path that leads to drinking. Much like you have described. I can't make any suggestion to you other than just take this process 24 hours at a time. I tend to future-trip about my life and that can land me in a tough spot so I try to focus on  the now  and make an effort to let go of my thoughts in those moments usually with the help of my higher power. .Probably the best thing to do is to surround yourself with like-minded people when you are feeling this way. I usually find that I can relate to others best at A.A. meetings. 
I'll be 6 years sober in October and I too feel similar at times. I find that my obsession to feel 'different' again is a byproduct of falling on my old default behaviors isolation procrastination and generally not reaching out. Once I identify myself in this space I attempt to speak to people I've made it a newer habit to call someone from the fellowship every day now by calling and being honest about how I'm feeling it tends to perk me right back up on the days it doesn't I just have to pray on it and maybe get another meeting in. Bit of an easy out but it is a simple programme for complicated people. Good luck. 
Dr. Bob discusses this in his story.  His went on a few years but he said they never brought him close to picking up a drink.  When I suffer anxiety or depression in recovery it is usually caused by some life stressor like relationships family concerns job money or health.  I need to manage stress actively and make sure I am doing anything I can to reduce.  Some things I cannot change like when my Dad died and then I need to make sure I am using my healthy coping mechanisms.  More often there are some things I can do and I need to make sure I am doing them.  I also saw my Doc to make sure they were not clinical.  One thing to remember is that picking up will make any situation or feeling much much worse.  Good luck and best wishes.
For me at that stage  I was dragging my feet on moving past the 3rd step. I was stuck in a rut. It wasn't until I put pen to paper and got busy with my sponsor that things really started to move on. Unfortunately I waited until maybe the two year mark. Maybe that's not it at all. Just some words 
It can be a struggle no matter how many minths...or years. That is why we still attend meetings and stick to the program. Sponsors and working the steps and mingling with and reaching out to others can help Immensley Keep coming here and sharing it will get better I promise!
Did you work all your steps and are you living with the disciplines of 10 and 11. And are you sponsoring someone?   If you're not doing one of those you may be missing something.
I'm over 2.5 year sober now but had 11 years under my belt when I had a six-year relapse so yes I get it. For me it wasn't a physical craving as much as missing the rituals and casual alcohol use that others seemed to be able to have without diving down the muddy slope. I will probably always miss that. But I choose to remember that those are cravings for a different experience than the one I am currently having and that there's a message in that. What do I not want to feel? What am I missing? How else can I meet those desires without alcohol? Those are the questions I ask. Blessings. 
I know of someone who was 3 years sober had been doing great but then started romanticizing drinking and I guess thinking about it frequently. It scared him and led to him doing the sinclair method so he could squash those "cravings" for good. It's not really recommended for someone who's been sober for three years but apparently it went really well for him.
My first year went fast and felt like this amazing ride. around the 14 to 18 month range I started to feel that restless irritable and discontent again. I realized I wasnt giving back to AA how I should. I picked up 2 sponsees quickly after went to more meetings and took more commitments. I was shot back into that 4th dimension of existence. However those feelings still come and go but I have identified that it's how connected to the program I am that determines my real attitude towards life. Funny! Because that's exactly what the old timers tell ya lol it's one thing to decide to take their advice but it's a whole other thing to actually start doing it. I'm a little over 2 years now and I still have to remind myself of this...My advice to you would be to get involved more so than you are. Commitments stepwork meetings calling people etc. Its worked for me.
