-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9emf60/alcohol_relapse_that_hit_me_hard_and_my_brain_is/

Multiple alcohol relapse over the last year but my most recent relapse was different and I have had a hard time getting my brain back. It's been 94 days and I still feel terrible with brain fog and can't sleep. I noticed after my last relapse that something was different my head become extremely overwhelmed with a fog that literally made me feel disconnected. Over the last 90 days it has been rough and the worst recovery ever in my life. What happened to me? Will I ever feel better again? This has been the scariest 90 days of my life. 
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone's experiences are different and no one can answer in a way beyond a generalization.  For me it took about a year to really have my brain back.  I achieved this through constant contact with AA as a whole my higher power a psychotherapist and psychiatrist.   This combination has finally given me peace and honesty with myself.  I truly hope you find what you are looking for OP.  AA will always gave your back but it takes a lot of work.
I drank and used drugs from age 12 and used for another 24 years. I would say that it took about 6-7 months for my thought process to become clear. It is more difficult with prolonged use and multiple relapses.
Yes. I have noticed that each relapse was getting harder and harder to recover from lasting weeks to recover. This last relapse was unreal and literally took me down. It's been a terrible experience and I can say now I will never drink again. I just can't wait until it's all behind me and I feel good again. 
I rode a bike a few miles a day everyday for a couple weeks and still felt terrible. The brain fog was unbelievable 90 days ago I felt fake but now it's better then it was but still messing with me. I believe in time everything will level out. 
OP I'd suggest going to a doctor if you haven't already. Sticking close to the rooms and working a program in addition to staying away from a drink is definitely necessary but it might be wise to have a medical professional give you a once over.
I did. I had my blood checked twice I have had a CT scan and a MRI everything was fine. The only reason I feel and felt like this is from when I relapsed and drank for 2 days. Maybe my mind and soul said that's it we can't take it anymore so I am just riding it out until I level out. I am making progress in our I feel but it's not going as fast as I like it to. 
