-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9eq6dp/need_advice_on_a_character_defect/

Hey yall just found this sub yesterday and it's awesome. I will be 3 months sober on Friday (god willing). First time getting sober voluntary and I have made AA my life. ..I love meetings I go to one everyday sometimes  two. I've made friends and fellowship.. but..I'm struggling with seeking approval through women. I seek approval through people that don't pay attention to me. It's a gross feeling that I need someone to complete me. There's a god sized whole that I'm trying to fill with approval. ..Has anyone struggled with this and how did you overcome this?  
----------immediate responses--------

We all seek to be accepted in one form or another especially because of the mentality of not ever being able to fit in anywhere else in life. That has been my experience anyways...I think about the women that embraced me when I came in and that is the kind of person I strive to be in the program. It is not always easy to embrace the newcomer. I was so sick and so unapproachable and due to my own thoughts I felt apart from instead of apart of. It was just me though and I got to the root of a lot of that via working the steps. ..Thankfully I continued to show up and let the ones who came before me show me how it's done. Keep reaching out and build yourself a good network of women with good sobriety. It took me years to start reaching out but when I did that is when the program really started opening up for me. Good luck!
Thank you  would you you still say build a strong network of women even though I'm a male? Not sure if you knew that or not. ..Everyone seeks approval in some way I just hate how I obsess over the opposite sex. 
Constantly having overinvolvement with people who are unavailable in ways both real and imagined is actually pretty common. Even though it isn't really satisfying it can feel safer than engaging people who are actually available.  ..At three months sober this might not be something that is good to put a lot of effort in to changing right now. At a similar point in sobriety I was way to concerned with the opinions of people I was infatuated with. It got better but I'm single now and it once in a while I'm still overly sensitive to people's reactions to me especially people towards whom I could potentially be romantic.
By working the steps I learned a ton about myself my triggers how I react to different situations and most importantly what to do about it all. Do you have a sponsor?
Thanks so much 
I saw a therapist to deal with serious issues. 
That is a tough one I have been going to meetings for a long time and still try to avoid the opposite sex and tend to go to men's meetings. 
