-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9euc82/impulse_control_difficulties_not_drugsdrinking/

 I'm  in the same den of the same place with the same people. I live with two  alcoholics and the whole family struggles with addiction issues impulse control issues and being functional adults regardless of if they are/were/ever alcoholics or drug addicts...I've been dry for about 8 months now but I'm still having a hell of a time  with impulse control... but only when in the Set &amp; Setting I used to  binge drink in. My computer workstation. It's the same desk same  hardware same room same spot same... everything. What I've found is  when I get home the very fucking second I sit down here all my ability  to control impulse goes out the fucking window. Even though I'm not  drinking I'm doing other stupid shit when I need to be working or  otherwise productive. The impulses to chase instant gratification are so  fucking strong when I sit down here it's actually been destroying my  second job (contract work from home) just as effectively as when I had  been binge drinking...It's like my  thoughts are scattered to the winds excepting fixating from one instant  gratification possibility to the next. The funny thing? I know most of  these won't even make me feel good or work out like my mind anticipates.  Doesn't matter. The impulse overpowers my ability to work my second  job and instead I fritter away the hours. The funnier thing? I was more  able to get constructive hobbies done when I was drinking. People  always advise taking up hobbies to aid in quitting drinking but holy  shit it has never been more impossible in my life to sit down and stay  focused on something and even feel accomplished. I can't even get the fucking laundry done once I sit down...Weirdly I can churn out productive work just fine... if I'm with other people also working. At work I'm the guy who does the shit nobody else wants to and always stays late to make sure everything is done. But the second I'm alone in private it's like flipping a switch...Any advice? I've been trying to pick up my old hobbies new hobbies new second jobs... but nothing has really stuck the last 8 months and all I've done is make myself depressed that self-actualization is always just out of my grasp. I'm kind of disappointed in myself since I hear of people quitting after many years then feeling free within weeks to a few months and popping back into functional hobbies/work/etc life and being satisfied.
----------immediate responses--------

Same boat almost 2 years sober.  Working on it with a counselor and my sponsor for the past 5 months and slowly getting better.  Meditating helps.
i make sure my time is filled outside somewhere. a meeting occasionally. 
Can you get up and go take a walk? Change the environment even if it's in some small way.
