-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9f9ef3/amends_question_a_bit_lengthy/

Background - I have been in the program for a year only got serious about getting sober in January. I stayed sober for 3 months relapsed and started working the program. I maintained sobriety on and off since then its been hard. I'd finished most my inventories and did a step 5 with my sponsor on those. However because I've been relapsing we decided to halt moving forward because I came to the realization I don't have a strong enough foundation with 1-2-3. ..That being said I haven't been running around making amends to people by any means I already see what that can cause (cause I did in the very beginning). ..This morning I ran into this guy I dated on and off for 7-8 years someone I really care a lot about but in my drinking and as my defect I see now truly how much I used him. He's moved on and we really haven't talked in a year but a month or so ago while I was drunk I texted him some pretty embarrassing things...We didn't make eye contact but I know he saw me see him and I know he saw me (parked right next to him in a 7.11 parking lot his windows were down).  I didn't go say hi to him he didn't call out to say hi to me. This similar situation happened w my ex and his bandmates whom I was close with they didn't see me but I saw them and I'm respecting boundries and not just 'Hey'!! These were people who saw me at my bottom (SO leaving me bc of my drinking). I feel like these are tests because they happened within a day of each other. ..My question is I don't want to go into where I was wrong with these people and get too much into it but with the former person for sure I want to say something like "I was in a really bad place and I'm getting help I hope one day you will let me talk to you about it" - something along those lines. My sponsor once mentioned that opening the door with people from your past isn't always a bad idea.  I certainly don't want to full on ask to  hang out by any means but he's certainly someone I know will want to make amends with...Any advice really on anything in regards to amends would be appreciated those are usually my favorite meetings it's complex subject...tl:dr - Don't want to make full on amends w someone I hurt in the past want them to know I am getting help tho and it's not lost on me that I was fucked. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

My thought is to say you are sorry for any wrongs you were in a bad place and are getting help. I wouldn't open the door to future contact. 
Definitely give it time sounds like these people need time of their own to move on too. I wouldn't contact them until you're properly ready at step 9 for now give them space so that everyone's boundaries are respected and valued. Not contacting them is hard but it shows you're growing.
I would hold off on making any amends until you are a little stronger in your sobriety. I would suggest that you ask your sponsor  and maybe it is better to just make a living amend by staying sober and becoming a better person.
There's a reason there is eight steps before the amends step Step 9. Do the first 8 first they are numbered for a reason. 
Its a great comment and question.You brought me right back to how uncomfortable early sobriety is.These are the kinds if things that fed our alcoholism/addictions.Fear and shame for me and perhaps maybe for you too.Regardless when i was reading you post i thought of the AA slogans like First Things First Take It Easy.I thought those sayings were so fucking stupid but now i clearly see how true they are and how much value they have.I suggest just working your program with your sponsor and being honest in meetings.Youre doing great. 
I might be off track but it seems that you want to make amends because of the embarrassing text. Check your motives. Also wait until you do all the steps up to step 9. 
There'll come a time to do your amends to this guy. Hold off until then. The intervening time will enhance your clarity and allow you to do it right and only once.
