-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9fr0mc/sponsor_troubles/

I am struggling with my sponsor right now it's been going on (off and on) for a long time. I'm 3.5 years sober and she's been my only sponsor we hooked up when I had 3 months. I love her dearly she has helped me immensely she speaks my language and has taught me so much that I wouldn't have come to on my own. My struggle is that she is often too busy to see me. About a year and a half ago when she wasn't making time for me I told her I would like weekly time together and she said flat out that she's too busy. She said she would try for every other week. That hasn't happened. Since she got in a relationship she doesn't go to many meetings and doesn't seem to want to make working with others a big part of her program. I'm her only sponsee. I am trying to stay out of judgement of her. I know she is there for me 100% if I were to find myself in crisis and when she is doing well she's open to me. But when she is struggling with anything she pulls back from me. I want a sponsor who is still active in the program and into the big book. She has told me she doesn't want to go through the book with me because it's boring to her after so many years. I have had a tough year and I want more meetings more service more working with new people...that's what makes me feel better. She maybe feels like after 15 years she's 'been there done that' with service. She loves and lives in the steps and has helped me immensely there but I worry she no longer has what I want. Am I just lacking patience and tolerance for her? Am I being selfish? Or is it time to speak up for my needs in a more permanent way? I'm open to feedback or tales of your experiences! T.I.A.
----------immediate responses--------

A sponsor who doesn't have time for you might not be the right sponsor. ..A sponsor who doesn't have time for meetings and doesn't want to read the book definitely isn't the right sponsor. ..Share these things with her and get into the book with someone else right away.
Sounds like it's time for a new sponsor but; that said after 3.5 years younshould be done with the steps and going through the book with other people.   
That's great that you want to get into the book. Do you have a large group of acquaintances in the program? On your phone that you connect with regularly?  are you working with newcomers?
Time to move on and she is nudging you that way. I have started to slow down in my service commitments this year. I feel that I do not relate as well to all of the 20 somethings that I see when I speak at rehab's these days. She should be more honest with you and I suspect that she hopes that you will just move on.
Let go God will provide you a new one.
This happened with a previous sponsor of mine she stopped coming to meetings and was doing other things. I moved on and found someone who was more active in the program and had what I wanted. I was encouraged to start reaching out and building a strong network of people I could call and bounce things off of if I needed to. Now I talk to many of these women daily. Every sponsor I've had has been exactly what I needed at the time. Good luck and trust your gut!
I don't know what you should do of course but it sounds like maybe your sponsor/sponsee relationship was wonderful and successful and has run its course and it's time to find a new sponsor. A thought that comes to mind for me is that if you do move forward with a new sponsor maybe make a special effort to stay in regular touch with her. Life gets busy and it sounds like she's putting other things before her sobriety. Hopefully she'll stay sober and her life will be good but it's possible that someday you'll be her only connection to this way of life and you wouldn't want to miss being there for her the way she was there for you. We do this thing together. All the best!
My sponsor got super busy started missing a lot of meetings and didn't have much time for me when I was about 2 years sober. I got a new one. When j finally did connect with him to tell him I started working with someone else one of the first things he said was "you're firing me? Good. That probably for the best. I'm glad you found someone you can work with."..It was a really pleasant and understanding talk.
Get a new sponsor is my advice.
I don't have a sponsor for these exact reasons. First my massive expectations I put on other especially a sponsor and today's expectations are tomorrows resentments. I don't like the boss/employee type relationship that sponsorship implies. After many years trying to get sober with a sponsor I usually got a resentment and drunk. I came back this last time 9 yrs ago studied the book and I related to Bill W he got sober he stayed sober what did he do that's what I was going to do..... Worked great I just exactly what the book said nothing more nothing less. Turns out it doesn't say anything about a sponsor I don't need one. It tells me to help others to carry the message and to discuss things with a confidant. I have relationships with other alcoholics like Bill and Bob had they were equals on the journey together. I have very close AA friends I can talk to about everything I listen to Joe and Charlie big book study and read the book for the program. When I have all that tell me what is a sponsor really for then? If I need a therapist or councilor I'll get a qualified one...  . .That feeling you have of being "less than" and your sponsor won't make time for you and the one sided relationship that's not healthy that never did anything for me...   .Needless to say fire your sponsor she doesn't give two shits about you or the program it's your life your sobriety go find someone to help..... That always works best
There is no rule that you can have only one sponsor.  Find someone who  speaks your language  and is willing to devote some time.  Take her on - be honest with the other one.  And always remember - although we may love our sponsors the idea is that they guide us - not be our best friend...
Find a different sponsor. I had the same situation. She was great at first but then we fell off because her life changed. Don't overthink this. You will not hurt her feelings. Your recovery is all about YOU
