-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9fyzsy/i_cant_trust_my_brain/

I had been sober for almost a year until this summer. I absolutely loved it. It was my new lifestyle that didn't revolve around a bottle or bar. It let me go out meet new sober people get to a very healthy weight mindset and spiritual place. I could literally do whatever I wanted as long as it didn't involve me drinking. But I relapsed recently due to many reasons one being lonely/wanting to just be a  normal  26 year old in a big city where most of my friends social lives revolve around drinking. ..Drinking again was so fun for a while. I went out a lot had a good time with friends. But again I've progressed to drinking alone and wanting to drink as soon as I'm off work preventing me from going to the gym seeing people and even small things like studying for the GRE. Honestly it's not fun anymore but I still want to do it. I miss my old life but some days I just want to drink to relax and eventually not worry about being present. It's easy. I'm having trouble breaking the habit. I know being sober is great and what I'd like but choosing alcohol and feeling comfortable in my apartment is so much easier. Maybe my perception of being sober is just too hard right now. It seems like an overwhelming obstacle that I'm too burned out to fight for. I've been going to meetings and working with my sponsor but I don't have the same feeling about it. I want to avoid it. ..I'm really not sure how to get out of this redundancy of drinking when I don't entirely want to. It's just enticing in times when I have free time and I always give in. I feel like I'm missing something now that gave me the strength to stop for so long. 
----------immediate responses--------

My sponsor told me  your head is out to get your ass ..The other thing I heard was  Don't think don't drink go to meetings ..Again I heard  you're smart enough to get here are you dumb enough to stay? We bury the smart ones  ..Or  you're overthinking it. You're going to think this thing to death  ..Or  pity me the heart that is slow to learn what the quick mind sees at every turn  ..If you're an alcoholic of my type you think you are very smart. You probably are and you have test scores to prove it. ..This program is simple. But it only works when you are willing to do the work no matter what. For me I had to be desperate. I drank for 13 more years after my first aa meeting. ..I hope you are dumber than me and just take the suggestions and stop fighting. But if you need more time it takes what it takes. Cheers. .
Finest times a gift some never get it back.... It's not just a matter of flicking a switch and being sober because you were sober before... After having months of time at most and in and out of AA for ten years I knew it all. I could recite the big book traditions etc. When I can back this time my very first meeting was a step group and we said this prayer . ."God please enable me to forget what I think I know about you the program and fellowship so I may have a new experience". Something like that it was 9 years ago... Anyways I had that experience no shit. I did 90 meetings in 90 days and the steps in under 2 months well up to ten eleven twelve........ Take the body and your mind will follow commit to 90in90
I can't give what I don't have. I try to live by what my six month coin says  To thine self be true  and my sponsor tells me when I'm in a bind with my self or others say  Thy will be done  or  thy will not mine be done  through out the day. Peace and blessing brother and good luck.
I've found in my experience that sobriety is a simpler way of life than when I was drinking but it often isn't easy. Before you even start to work the Steps and address the effects of your alcoholism you have to make the choice to stop drinking. No one can really make that choice for you. That is something I learned the hard way and I was fortunate that I didn't have any serious consequences when I drank again after a small amount of time sober. The program helps with the desire to drink so does having a higher power and a sponsor and a fellowship to be a part of but if you aren't ready to stop drinking yourself then there's little that any of these things can do to help. .It's like your title said  I can't trust my brain  I think that  perfectly sums up what alcoholic thinking looks like. Our brain and body desire the effect produced by alcohol but the more we see that we can't control our drinking the more we find ourselves trying to maneuver and manipulate our drinking so that we can continue. .I found that a small amount of willingness went a long way when I finally decided to give sobriety a chance. I went to a meeting every day found ways to be of service and lost the uncomfortable feeling of talking about my alcoholism. Being in recovery has absolutely changed my life for the better but it's not always easy I still find myself stuck in negative thoughts and feelings but I have the ability to work through them and when I can't then I know I need to reach out to someone else in recovery. I hope you can find what will help you take care!
I've had a lot of the same feelings as you. A vast majority of my friends social lives revolve around drinking and most of the social events I'm invited to have a plethora of alcohol around and I'm the odd one out if I'm not drinking. .The first time I got sober I missed my "old life." I missed going to the clubs and bars with my friends. I missed taking shots I missed stumbling home I missed my drinking buddies. I felt like I lost a friend. A friend who was always there warm and inviting. Alcohol is patient alcohol always waits for you..But I got over it and my life was going great I was sober and happy. I dove into meetings got a sponsor life was good. Then it got boring things stopped having the lustre they originally did when I was originally sober. And the "one drink can't hurt" popped into my head...it was a Wednesday. I don't remember how I got home that night. And with that first drink I was back to my nights of blackouts. But luckily my life spiraled into darkness much quicker this time and I caught myself before rock bottom. .You can never trust your brain your brain on alcohol tells you you need alcohol that sobriety is boring that your friends like you better when you're drinking....I don't have a ton of advice other than...I've been there.
I think it's incredibly valuable that you have shared your feelings about where you are today. It gives me confidence that your brain is actually your friend and working well! To be confused and torn about sobriety is normal and expected. You are going to be okay. Be patient with yourself and take careful reflection. I'm glad you have worked with a sponsor. Because now you know the drill and it's there for you anytime! You will be okay.
Read page 151 and 152. 
&gt;I 'm really not sure how to get out of this redundancy of drinking when I don't entirely want to. It's just enticing in times when I have free time and I always give in. I feel like I'm missing something now that gave me the strength to stop for so long. ..Our book says "If when you honestly want to you find you cannot quit entirely or if when drinking you have little control over the amount you take you are probably alcoholic."..The solution that seems to work the best for most people is getting a sponsor and working the steps.  
Getting sober young is really tough. I know people pay lip service to that but it is really fucking hard. Especially if your drinking was primarily binge partying style. The first couple times I was in rehab and programs that's how it was for me. Made it easy to fool myself into thinking I could handle it again after some sober time. It was when I  crossed the invisible line  to daily drinking/use hiding it from my family friends employer committing crimes against law and ethics to sustain my addiction and found that I couldn't resist the urge to use like I once was able - that's when I got scared and knew I was fucked. I also knew without a doubt I was an alcoholic/addict and not a candidate for moderation. So I think I'm saying it takes what it takes to lose the illusion of control over ones use and to get motivated to stick with a difficult program of behavior change longterm. Welcome back!
Just wanted to thank all of you OP included for your well written comments and reply's. I've recognized that I am spiraling oh so very fucking hard right now and am trying to work up the courage. 
No matter what just keep going to meetings. I went to meetings for a couple of years drank bounced in and out then finally threw in the towel. But never stopped going to meetings and when i was finally ready I had the resources
