-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9g8c1q/can_we_discuss_emotional_sobriety/

Hi all 6.5 months sober and since that pink cloud has faded and as I work through the steps emotional sobriety has been a huge struggle. I'm having a lot of things come up in my life where it's either alcoholic brain/old anxieties driving irrationality or its something I'm legitimately and justifiably upset about but I'm struggling in finding the difference. Am I a burden to my partner and friends because being an alcoholic replaced learning how to feel? How do we deal with insecurities? Anyone else experience this?
----------immediate responses--------

Working the steps helped me sort out my part in a given situation.   Sometimes it's the other person that's responsible and some things are beyond human power and belong to God...Doing an inventory and  cleaning up my side of the street' is where that starts.  Prayer helps give things to God...Congrats on the sober time and keep up the good work.
It can be difficult dealing with those things that we used alcohol to avoid or cover up. I've always found that communication is key whenever anything problematic begins to develop especially with issues that aren't directly related to my alcoholism because I can very easily separate the two areas of my life and that could lead to more potential problems. In general I try to practice acceptance when dealing with problems. I know it's not reasonable to expect others to change their thoughts and behaviors so all I can really do is accept them as they are and  Respond not react 
Largely when people bring up struggles with emotional sobriety it has to do with not working steps 6 &amp; 7. Personally I have dealt with this and when I got back to 6 &amp; 7 it really helps me out. This may not viewed well by others but I frankly don't care - grab the NA step working guide and work on steps 6 &amp; 7 and answer the questions. ..http://www.coastalcarolinaarea.org/literature/books/swg.pdf.
You're doing what ti takes to get emotional sobriety; working the steps.  Unfortunately it takes time I'm still working on it.  ..I'd caution you about "something  something I'm legitimately and justifiably upset about."  The 12 and 12 says anytime I'm upset there's something wrong with me.  I struggle with that but I understand it.  Occasionally when I do the columns with my sponsor he said "you're right" and I think "sweet finally I explained this to him in terms he can understand".  But the victory is short lived because he follows it up with "but you're still wrong".  ..&amp;#x200B;
you sound like a mess. a.a. is about abstaining from alcohol. irrational head case issues should be handled by people or programs designed for them. 
6.5 months sober and you say as you work through the steps.  .I worked the steps from the book at the speed the first hundred members did them at 2 months sober I was working 101112 on a daily basis.  I see this happen so often in AA almost all the time. People think they need to do a really thorough set of steps and add in all this stuff that simply is not there. The steps in the book seem to simple to work but they are not. They are designed to be done on rapid succession and pen hits paper only in step 4. Done this way they bring on a spiritual experience and give us tools to live a spiritual life and achieve our daily reprieve from alcohol (101112).   .  .  .Emotional sobriety will come with working the steps exactly as they are written in the big book on a daily basis.  . .The hook language of the heart is very helpful for emotional sobriety but the big book needs to be mastered and done before moving on imo.... . .Congrats on your sobriety 
Everyone feels like this at some point. Honestly it just takes time and patience with yourself and the program. Just keep working through the steps talk to your sponsor (or maybe a therapist?) about these issues go to meetings and keep your ears open. 
I feel the same way  
