-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9gdwmc/im_struggling_to_get_sober_and_my_husband_hates/

I didn't cheat I'm an alcoholic and a few days ago I had my fifth freak out while completely blacked out. I get it I said messed up hurtful things I'm a messed up person but I didn't mean them. He doesn't say he wants a divorce in fact he doesn't say anything. He refuses to talk to me and tells me he's free to do whatever the hell he wants and so am I. Anytime I try to speak to him he shows me the recording of the things I said and says he doesn't want to talk to me because he wants me to fester in my shame. Then what's the point of remaining married? Is someone who can't forgive you even worth the effort?.This whole thing makes me just want to throw myself deeper into the pit  I can't stay sober when I'm in so much pain 
----------immediate responses--------

someone who told me to  fester in my shame  and then didn't divorce me would have to sleep lightly. he sounds just as broken as you. it's time to say goodbye and focus on yourself.
He hasn't yet met the person you can be when sober for a while. Give him the chance to get to know her.
Is he worth the effort? Perhaps it's time for you to own up to your side of the street. I don't know if you're ready to get sober. If you are go to a meeting get a sponsor and put in the work. If you aren't ready do more controlled drinking.
Can't give you any marital advice keep coming back and ask the ladies about staying sober .
He's probably reeling from your freakout the other day. Probably waiting for another one to happen. Go to a meeting. Get a sponsor. Work the steps. Let him see the change in your behaviors and actions. You can stay sober and work through the pain. 
5th freak out this month year or ever? I'm not sure what kind of hurtful things you said to him but if he's been putting up with this for a long time then it's not surprising he's upset. Having an alcoholic for an SO is very hard...You ask if someone who won't forgive you is worth the effort but what effort are you making? He is not responsible for getting you sober. You need a therapist or an addiction specialist and you need to start going to meetings. ..You need to fix yourself before you can fix your marriage. SHOW him that you guys can have the type of relationship you both need.
It's hard to know what was said but it sounds recent. Forgiveness takes time &amp; there's an expression that the best apology is changed behavior. He is trying to tell you he's hurting &amp; he's trying to motivate you to change. He's doing that very imperfectly. It's your decision whether to forgive the manner of delivery of this from him &amp; understand what he's trying to say or not.
Hey...do you want to get sober? Maybe that's what you should focus on and decide. The rest will rake care of itself whichever way you decide.
Sounds like the active alcoholic approach to marriage is not working out.  Give sober marriage a chance and see what happens.  I have heard many stories of reconciliations from much worse situations.
He is not your problem he is not why you drink.  . .You get drunk don't even remember how badly you treat him and effect him you demand he forgive you even though you haven't changed then you think he's the problem?? . .Quit drinking for a year if at that time he still doesn't forgive you then maybe do something about it the fact he even puts up with a blackout drunk is beyond me...... I'd be out the door long ago
