-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9gr9hq/sponsor_relapsed/

My sponsor told me he got drunk last Saturday and needed to get another sponsor. Its a bit deflating. I asked someone else to be a temporary sponsor and he agreed. I don't know what i should do or say to my old sponsor. 
----------immediate responses--------

Just show love and be encouraging 
Sponsors are recovering alcoholics with experience in staying sober. They aren't cured. Don't put them on a pedestal. They aren't God. Support him as best as you can. I bet it would mean a lot to him.
Treat him as you would any other newcomer. Ask what happened what brought him out. But most importantly be a friend in program to him :) 
Good thing the program teaches us to place reliance upon God and not humans...... I feel for ya and your sponsor but people come and go get drunk die move whatever...... I've been sober 9 yrs everyone I sobered up with is drinking or dead multiple sponsors etc..... The solution to this problem is the same as all others....  .  .Trust God Clean house and help others    
It can be really confusing when a sponsor gets drunk. Alcohol... cunning baffling powerful.  Sounds like you did get right thing.  Get another sponsor.
If my sponsor relapsed the first thing I'd do is call his sponsor. In reality his sponsor would probably call me first.
Maybe offer to take him to a meeting or get coffee.  We're all in this together.  
Bill W's sponsor Ebby Thatcher drank when Bill was 6 months sober. He didn't sober up until the last 5 years of his life. But that didn't stop  Bill - he went on to sponsor Dr Bob and together they founded AA.  Ebby would often turn up drunk at Bill's house and he and Lois would look after him as best they could...Bill always considered Ebby to be his AA sponsor and never took another. If that's good enough for Bill it's good enough for me. If my sponsor every drank I'd like to think I would look on him as I do any other alcoholic who needs my help with kindness and love...My sponsor introduced me to the 12 steps of AA as written in the big book just as Ebby took Bill through the 6 steps that the Oxford group had back before the formation of AA. He listened to my inventory helped me make a list of all the people I had harmed and helped me make some of the more difficult amends. He suggested a few prayers and a few other books to read but then when I reached step 12 I had a spiritual awakening and since then my higher power has been God - not my sponsor. God by definition will never get drunk won't leave the country and won't die which is everything my sponsor could and possibly will do. ...
i don't know how much sobriety your sponsor had but when I was looking for mine I wanted someone with at least three years. Maybe that sounds "picky" but so be it. 
I see this happen time to time. I was picky with my sponsor. I wanted someone with 5+ years sobrierity and success sponsoring other men. That's what I found. My sponsor had 20+ years sobriety has sponsored tons of men and is active in the community. I've been sober over 3.5 years and thank him for helping save my life.
