-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9gv8a1/glad_to_be_coming_back/

I'm back after doing my own thing for the past four months...my own thing being drinking and not going back to AA and convincing myself I didn't need AA since it made me feel bad about myself...I can attest that I feel 100% worse right now than I ever did working the 12 Steps and dealing with my character flaws. I relapsed and let my self-pity shame pride and embarrassment keep me away. I'm supposed to be a year and two months sober right now. Instead here I am back at Day 1. ..I'm a let down to my husband and my parents. They had been so proud of my progress and I had trust again. I don't have anyone's trust right now. My husband has been considering divorce. I can't blame him.....Here's the good part though. I received a text last night from my old AA group leader that I haven't seen since March. Last night was a new bottom for me. I don't know about you but I consider this a sign from my Higher Power. I'm not as alone as I feel. I've got to get my butt back in my group start working the steps and maybe get a sponsor this time around. ..I may be down right now but I don't have to stay there...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back!  Sounds like a good plan!
Go back and share your story you may help someone. 
Good for you...I'm glad you're back! Reading your post triggered a memory. A woman I knew in the fellowship had gone back out after 5 years. An absolute sweetheart of a person who everyone loved. It just felt good to be in her company. I ran into her one night in the grocery store and told her we missed her and we'd love to see her again if she wanted it. She assured me me that she'd be back soon and "you haven't seen the last of me." I walked away hopeful and grateful for my own sobriety. A couple of months later I witnessed her 15 year old daughter try to give a eulogy at her Mom's funeral but all she could muster was a heart-wrenching "Oh Mom!!!!!" as she collapsed into sobbing. Thanks for the reminder of how lucky I am today. This sobriety thing is serious business.
Agree entirely. There is only one person who can make you stay there. Hope this is the start of you doing all the stuff that works.
Surrender.  Sponsor.  Steps.  Serenity.  Sobriety.  AA will always have you back friend.
