-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9j0h7p/i_cant_get_past_the_anxiety_and_it_always_leads/

 Coming in after another relapse prepping myself for the oncoming detox. I don't want this anymore...What causes me to drink is the fact that sometimes my anxiety becomes so strong that I cannot sleep at night. I have sought professional help been diagnosed with depression anxiety and PTSD from my time living homeless and the things that I saw and did while I was sleeping under a bridge in a major city. I can go several days even several weeks without a drop of alcohol...The medication helps...somewhat the hydroxezine and naltrexone kill the cravings and anxiety but they have a weird side effect with me when I use them as prescribed that causes me to be constantly exhausted to the point where I can be on the brink of sleep constantly then jerk awake with a pulse of adrenaline. Then when I calm down I'm back to the edge of sleep. It makes me fairly useless half of my workday. It's a problem...Then eventually I realize that I haven't actually slept in days. I become frustrated and irritable and I know that my body is desperate to sleep. So I turn back to the bottle and relapse. I normally don't even realize it I stop at the gas station for whatever and I end up halfway through a bottle before I recognize what I'm doing. Then I wake up again filled with guilt and regret because I realize that I just went on another 3-4 day binge just to slow my heart rate back down and get some sleep even if its shitty sleep. Then after the pain of the detox(I do have benzos but I try not to use them save them for the extremely painful detoxes; I don't need a second addiction) I keep going strong and sober for a couple of weeks then it all starts over again...Before I admit myself to a rehab I want to try another path. I've been approved for a medical marijuana card. When I was a kid in high school and college Before I ever started going hard on the bottle I would smoke a bowl a night to put myself to sleep at night. I'm wondering if I can do that again to avoid drinking when the meds stop working and I need to calm my heart rate. If it doesn't work then I already have a rehab in mind - a ministry actually. Maybe I can really begin my discipleship really begin to learn about my faith do charity work help other people while putting myself in an environment where i don't have the opportunity to poison my body and my life...Truth is I know that I need to ditch the booze. I know that the smoke used to do the job that the booze currently does. Hopefully it'll work. But honestly if it doesn't. I'm scared of rehab. I'm scared of going away for a year missing out on all of the experiences that 12 months could hold...I'm scared. I wish I could say that I will not drink today but I already have. Maybe tomorrow. I'm sorry.
----------immediate responses--------

First of all. No need to apologize. My two cents? From a medication perspective you have a lot going on and your question or thought is adding another? My gut tells me that you should rely on trained professional Drs to get yourself evened out from a medication perspective. You could even consider getting a second opinion from another doctor. Anxiety is the worst many of us suffer from it but you can get through this. It does get better. Hang in there.
i found my anxiety was entirely related to alcohol. i have personal issues with family money work relationships food exercise etc. but until i understood the underlying concept was alcohol adding other pills or substances to mask the symptoms was never going to cure my issue. i had to focus on diet &amp; nutrition most importantly seeking the nutrients my body needed to get through the detox which absolutely stinks and then moving forward. a lot of raw garlic to help with blood pressure and skin issues a lot of vegetables chicken liver and fiber to help my body receive dense nutrients to assist in processing out toxins/regulation of my body and anything I could find to consume in place of alcohol. always having water iced tea diet soda brushing my teeth taking extra showers popcorn something to aid me and keep my idle hands busy again. the hardest part is the anxiety from the detox i think...
Hope is transferred to new people at aa meetings. You think you're the worst ever before you come in only to find that many were worse and recovered. There's hope. 
I have been under a doctor's care for depression anxiety and PTSD from my experiences while out using. So I have some personal experience here. I'm 3 years sober and an active member of 12 step programs. But it took me four years to get sober because of relapsing due in part to my failure to treat my mental health appropriately...Detoxing sucks but dealing with post acute withdraw symptoms (PAWS) and mental health issues at the same time was more difficult for me. PAWS lasts about 12 months or longer and has symptoms like insomnia anxiety depression mood swings lapses of concentration and so on. Because of my mental health issues a was getting them worse than others. When I was a few months (around four) sober I shared about feeling anxious and depressed to the point of wanting to drink get high or kill myself. ..Thankfully  many of the men in that meeting had been through that too and had solid long term sobriety and they gave me the following advise: Part of being sober means we take care of ourselves when nessacary we seek out medical professionals and most importantly we face our problems and embrace healthy sober solutions. And we don't wait around to do it!..First I think you should seek out more medical help. Hydroxezine for anxiety has is not approved to treat anxiety for longer than 4 months. PAWS will most likely be longer than that. In general it sounds like this combination doesn't work for you that well. I ended up on an anti-depressant which worked okay but they eventually had to add something for my nightmares. Which was non mood altering. Sometimes you have to try a few different things. Be kind and patient with yourself. ..Second have a group of people who have good long term recovery who have dealt with mental health issues and have are working a strong program. Talk with them about your issues  ask for their advice.They have been right where you are and have direct experience in what worked for them.  We aren't doctors but we often need the opinion of another alcoholic to see our problems clearly. ..I hope something in that long rambling comment helps.
It sounds like you need to be honest with a doctor about your drinking. The anxiety you feel is withdrawal. I did this and received medication which made detox safer and easier. ..Who says you have to "go away for a year"? Besides you are already "missing out" on living life fully. I got help to build the sober happy life I have today. It could be happen for you too. 
I have depression.  I detoxed with my doctor's prescribed valium taper at home. I went to dual-diagnosis outpatient rehab at the hospital.  Restarted my anti-depressant prozac 20mg. They gave me gabapentin for PAWS anxiety which I still use today on occasion.  I attended AA daily. Read the AA book. Got a sponsor worked the steps. ..Being sober and working the steps has helped me inventory wether I'm procrastinating or if my depression is still riding the brakes.  In 2 and half years we've gone from 20mg to 30mg to 40mg prozac.  The last step up was a month ago.  At 20mg I didn't want to die anymore but I felt like actions took place while wading through molasses. At 30mg. I could identify my to do items but the details of next action were foggy and I would get lost mid workflow. I actually went to get tested for ADHD but the evaluation turned up OCPD with PTSD.   At 40mg I feel my brain has put on a pair of reading glasses.  I don't loose my place doing multi-step actions on the computer.   My Doctor has suggested 60 but I'm concerned about side effects.  I'm shooting for the minimum effective amount that keeps me in action.  I have hope that continuing to work the steps in my life will prevent me from installing my own road blocks.  It's all one day at a time as well. ..Overall I'm still sober active in AA healthy responsible to family and community and happier than I've ever been.
I work the 12 steps. The help of the AA fellowship . And see a therapist and a psychiatrist. I was a chronic relapse and took many tries until I got well. 
It took me 2 years of sobriety before my anxiety was under control. ive done a few things to manage it without the use of benzos. It would almost drive me to the tipping point DAILY. I took some other suggestions and those seemed to have helped a lot.
