-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9jsxy0/sponsor_question/

I fired my sponsor today. Two reasons: ..&amp;#x200B;..1) she told me to call her whenever i needed to. When I have needed to she hasn't answered or messaged me to say she'll call me back. ..I brought that up today through text. I thought about relapsing last night due to a trigger and that's on me. I'm not going to relapse because of a trigger or a difficulty or because my sponsor isn't there for me. ..Basically I told her the day before I felt like she wasn't supportive. She asked how she could change it; one example I gave was when I texted her and said I felt I was isolating. I'm three months into AA and sobriety just barely. When I texted her this she just said she was also isolating and blah blah blah about her. ..Not only did she not answer and has not answered before (and not reached out afterwards to explain why or to tell me she'd get back to me soon) but today she actually said her sponsor did that to her (not answered not called back) and that it's normal. I don't get how that's normal to have your sponsee call you daily and not answer them. ..I actually don't call her daily we agreed that I would after I told her how I felt about her unsupportive behavior. ..2) relating to the first reason when I talk to her about things she usually relates to me by telling me about her personal stuff - what led her to recovery how she felt in recovery her relationships etc. Which is fine but makes me feel unheard. ..&amp;#x200B;..She's a couple years younger than me. She knows this is the first time I've tried to get sober. That I'm newly out of an abusive relationship that I'm still seeing that person that I feel like I'm not connected in AA. She basically told me today she's busy can't always answer and I shouldn't expect a call-back. She said I should text her to tell her it's an emergency or she assumes I'm just checking in. But I don't understand why I need to check in to her voicemail and not get a return call back. ..&amp;#x200B;..So I let her go. For my next sponsor are these high expectations? I feel like I need someone who is willing to pick up the phone or at least text me that they're unavailable. I have issues reaching out to people as it is and want to be able to count on my sponsor - that's just me and what I know I need right now. I need someone I can trust and don't want to work the steps with someone I don't. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can start over with a new sponsor. Choose wisely. Someone who has what you want. And demonstrates solid recovery. Just so you know... one way we help others is to share our own experiences strength and Hope. You may find that your new sponsor will share their stories also as a way to help you learn and consider new ways of thinking. I suggest you set aside the emotion related to this current sponsor. You shared it here now move on. Probably not productive 2 talk about it too much. Sponsors are in imperfect people. Trust your gut in try again using what you learn from your first experience.
I had to learn to temper my expectations of others when I came in including sponsors. Sponsors are just people and will always let me down thats why I have to rely on my hp. Strongly urge you to read the sponsorship pamphlet - it says in there what do so when sponsor isn't ave - call someone else or go to a meeting. I had to learn the calling every day didn't mean she had to talk to me every day. It's about humility and showing willingness. Ymmv
Good for you cutting the sponsor loose. Sounds like she has issues of her own and who knows if she's sober or has even done the steps. I'd be very suspect of a sponsor with only 6 months soberity. I personally looked for a sponsor who was sober at least 5 years and who has successfully sponsored many people. The sponsors responsibility is to take the sponsee through the steps. That's exacty what I found. I don't socialize often with my sponsor other than going to a BBQ from time to time and we'll occasionally meet for breakfast. I don't talk to him often but I see him every Monday night at his big book meeting. If I need him I know how to find him and if I call or text he will get back to me quickly. Ask around your home group for sponsor suggestions I'm sure there's a few that are successful sponsors who are looking to take on another person. Anyway that's what worked for me and I haven't had a drink in over 3.5 years.
Someone with 6 months of sobriety should not be sponsoring others. 
Thats a No No Sorry  
Sponsors can cause a lot of drama. Sponsor Drama. Comes up frequently on this sub. ..My life became more peaceful when I parted company with my sponsor...What you are going through is not uncommon. .
Sponsor Sober 6 months?. Might as well be sponsored by Budweiser
I'm sorry to hear that you had to put up with someone that might not be in the right place to sponsor others. Moving forward just remember that a sponsor is also an alcoholic and just as capable of having flaws and issues with their disease as well but it sounds like there wasn't a very good connection in terms of sobriety and expectations. This is just a suggestion but you might want to try to find  either a meeting where you can bring this to a group level or a person in A.A. with whom you can inquire about another sponsor. There are plenty of people in A.A. that are willing to sponsor others and are working a good program. Sometimes they can get  flooded  with sponsees but there are also people who are capable sponsors who just have not connected with potential sponsees. I would recommend trying to do a little searching in order to find potential sponsors and maybe before talking with someone try to get a clear idea of what went wrong with your previous sponsor and what you might need in place of that with your next sponsor. There are always differences in opinion when it comes to the sponsor/sponsees relationship but if you feel that someone can help you achieve or improve your sobriety then that is really all you need to continue with your program. Take care!
Not unreasonable to move on at all. My suggestion is to find someone with at least 18 months of sobriety and when you call and get VM always specifically say it if you need her to call back. ..Good luck!!!
It's a requirement in the AA meetings I go to for a Sponsor to have at least one year of sobriety before they can go on the "Sponsor Volunteer List." She's way too fresh to be so sponsoring anyone.  You needed to cut her loose. Find a sponsor you connect with better!
Get multiple sponsors 
Look you asked a new person to show you how to do this well enough to last a lifetime. She can't transmit what she doesn't have...Find an old (still active) sober woman who has sponsees who have succeeded for 5 years or more. One who has completed her amends. Question her on that. Don't be someone's experiment in sponsorship again.
It's less about expectations more about the match- Before you ask someone to be your sponsor maybe ask them to tell you about their sponsorship style and talk about what you want out of the relationship. ..Your sponsor sounds like she would be good for someone like me- hearing how somebody has experienced or is experiencing what I am feeling is key to my recovery but it's not a great match for you who feels unheard in that same situation. You don't need a "good reason" to leave a sponsor you dont need to decide they are a bad sponsor in order to decide they aren't right for you. I hope that makes sense. In terms of what you can expect from most people- I have found that everyone is different so there's no "most" in my experience and the key to finding a good match is to ask a lot of questions and also share my perspective. 
You are so stress you really need a drink !
Wow. I could've written this but my sponsor has 8 months... and she's still my sponsor. I should probably make my own post about this but I don't think I want to hear the answers. .My sponsor is taking me through the steps which is technically her only job so that's working out. But people always answer questions with "call your sponsor" and we do not have that kind of relationship. I am to leave her a voicemail everyday "I'm checking in" and do what she tells me as far as the steps. Beyond that she "does not care".  Now that I know there are different styles of sponsorship and that you can ask potential sponsors about theirs... I'm intrigued. This is working for me as I have *a lot* of outside help from the fellowship and my therapist. I assume this is like the old timers way of just taking you through the steps quick. Thank God for the fellowship. There's no wrong way to get sober right?
I am a sponsor with almost 15 months sober.  I sponsor a few young women.  I know there are those in the program that believe there's a requirement for a length of sobriety to sponsor   I used to be one.  Look for quality over quantity.  I am someone who considered herself an atheist for most of her life and found a spirituality I would have never had otherwise.  I was very sick when I came in.  Pick someone whose sobriety you want.  I had one sponsee pick me because she got to see the Promises fulfilled watching me (she had gone back out when I was very early in the program).  Pick someone you can be 100% open and honest with.  Pick someone who will call you out and guide you through the steps.  Pick someone who actively works the steps in all aspects of their life.  
I'd reiterate what others have said about finding a sponsor with much more sobriety. Eighteen months is probably the bare minimum and I'd personally advise picking one with at least two years. (My own sponsor has six years). The key thing is to communicate with your sponsor about how often you'll talk to each other and meet. There's no mandate that you and your sponsor must speak on the phone each day or meet once a week. But this expectation should be expressed. If your sponsor says that she's not into phone calls and won't be able to talk more than once a week at most then you can assess whether that works out for you. Since you have three months I'd recommend finding a sponsor who has enough bandwidth to talk to you frequently since this is an especially formative period in your sobriety...But I will caution against requiring one to tell you what to do and address your problems. The heart and soul of AA is one drunk talking to another   but there's a rule in most AA meetings against cross talk for a reason. It isn't just that your sponsor doesn't have a deep history with you but also that listening to how others deal with problems can be incredibly insightful even if it has nothing to do with you.
