-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9kfah5/guilt_shame_and_remorse/

Hello fellow AA brothers and sister. I am fairly new to Reddit. I have been subscribed and lurking here (also rarely commenting) since I joined but this is my first time posting. I apologize for the length this post is going to be but I hope that you please take a moment to read what I'm sharing. I came here to admit that I have relapsed just shy of my 4 year mark which would have been in December. I had this huge story prepared to share some background detail that led up to my fall. But as I started writing I realized that's all bullshit there is no excuse! I know what to do and I wasn't doing it to maintain my sobriety. I am not the first person or the last person that is experiencing a horrible life altering tragedy. The events in my life didn't cause me to relapse I caused me to do it. I stopped doing what I was supposed to do. I let my emotions and pain turn me into a victim. And then I stopped using the tools I learned in recovery cope with life on life's terms. ..It started slowly at first I stopped reading the BB as often then praying and meditating less per my usual routine. Next my meeting frequency went from once or twice a week to once every other week to once every other month. I had all the usual excuses that you would expect from someone slipping. I was too tired or had to much to do with kids and the house and so on and soon. I just kept saying I'll go next week. This went on for awhile and I managed not to drink during this time but I could feel my happiness serenity and spirituality slipping away. ..Surprisingly I did recognize my back tracking. And it scared me enough that I decided to quit messing around and get back into the game. So I challenged myself to do 90 in 90 I found a newsponsor and we started working the steps again and I even got the opportunity to do service work by going to the local jail and chairing meetings for the girls there. I kept telling on myself to my support group and sharing in meetings that I was struggling and not feeling spiritually fit. I was always told to tell on my disease so that it would lose its power. But even after going through all the motions and doing everything suggested to get back on track it just wasn't clicking. ..And then I finally gave up. It started with a different substance other than alcohol. I toldmyself that I wasn't taking it to get intoxicated that because of my constant anxiety I had a legitimate medical need for it. I made it through that night with no problems or consequences. Then BOOM! That was all the green light that I needed and I was off and running again...My husband is not an alcoholic so although he's heard about the pain of my past he doesn't fully understand what it's like. We met after I got sober so he's never experienced the monster of a person I can become when drinking and using. So at first it was just a few drinks on the weekends.  My husband was having a little bit of fun and enjoying random dance parties in the living room and the risque changes in our sex life while I was drunk. It was still just a few drinks on the weekend at this point it wasn't affecting anything in our daily routine or any other part of our normal life so he didn't see the harm -YET-. But of course like I've always heard my disease was always there in the background just waiting to come out. And soon I picked right back up where I left it. I couldn't just have a few drinks any more and be happy now I wanted the harder stuff too. And if my husband doesn't agree to letting me get what I want I was/am ruthless and make his life hell until I do get it. I haven't gotten to the point where I am drinking or using everyday -Yet-. I can go several days or even a couple of weeks with out drinking but when I do get the inclination its full blown and nonstop obsession and I am going to get what I .want no matter what. So far I haven't had any consequences -YET-. I haven't done anything stupid like drinking and driving -YET-. But I've been in the rooms long enough to know that if i don't stop all the bad will eventually come. I will hurt everyone that I love and lose everything . ...Nobody but my husbands knows that I have relapsed. And I am TERRIFIED of telling anyone which is crazy because I have an amazing loving support group. I'm not sure where the fear of admitting to my relapse is coming from I know my AA friends won't judge me and they will justwant to see me get back on track and get the help I need. I also know it is absolutely my duty to not harm any other women around me by lying about my sobriety and sharing or giving advice until I admit to my relapse and get sober again. I know that I will no longer be able to attend the meeting at the jail either. How dare I try to help someone else while lying to myself and everyone else that wouldn't be moral or fair to those girls...I am so confused by all of this because I truly LOVE being in the fellowship. When I see my friends at meetings it makes me happy. I am truly grateful for the life I gained from working the Steps. I went from being a homeless jobless miserable woman who lost custody of my child and burned every bridge I could with my family. But from working the steps I had become the complete opposite of all those things. I am now happily married gained custody back of my oldest daughter had two more babies and a nice home where I am lucky enough to get to be a stay at home mom. So why am I doing this to myself again? I don't want to go back to that old miserable life and the person that I was then. ..But since this whole post is about being honest let me be honest-- I don't know if I am ready to stop yet. How sick is that? Is it going to take some sort of horrible consequence for me to open my eyes up again and get back into the rooms? I really hope not. Myself will is my worst enemy but I'm not sure if I'm ready to give my will back to God just yet. And when I am ready to finally reach out for help to my AA friends and support group. Will it beenough just to tell them and not my family (besides my husband)? Would it be harming my parents to tell them I relapsed? The thought of the hurt and disappointment that I will cause them once again is almost more painful than the confusion of the relapse its self. Or is it selfish and dishonest if I don't tell them? Are my motives really pure as to not hurt them or is it to avoidthe pain conflict and embarrassment I will experience if I do tell them
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing your story. God this helped me tonight. I need to hear stories like this. ...Don't forget that the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. You don't have to be stopped. Many just like you have gone before you. These are the people who will come forward for you to find and connect with when you go back. They will be the ones who will help you at this point  just like you will help the next person to walk in the door after their relapse. 
You're going to be OK. Overwgelmed but it will get better. For strarters...Pick one thing small thing to do as your next step. Today. What is that thing?
To me it sounds as though you have done Step 1 pretty well and you have identified the  yets  (DUI possibility etc.)..People break their cycle and kill the craving in different ways.  That is how it works.   A guy in my home group that I have listened to for 14 years claims that  God struck him sober   on day 1 and he hasn't had a drink in 42 years.  I say  good for him ...My sponsor raised his hand as a newcomer for nearly 4 years.  He finally settled down and worked the steps and now has 32 years sober.   Me?  I was a periodic binge drinker with a pretty good life otherwise.  But wives could stand only about 8 years of me then they would flee.  I hated that but understood why they  had to go (when I did my drinking thing I always womanized).  I had three stretches of sobriety until I worked the Steps and now have 14 years and am comfortable.   The common denominator seems to be working the steps.  A bit dreary but essential...Tradition 3 says that the  only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking .   You have that so you are a member...I do not think that it is necessary to inform friends or non-immediate family about every twist and turn in the road.  It is sufficient to say  you are a member of AA and you are trying hard .  I am not advocating lying I am advocating taking care of yourself.   There is no shame in falling off the horse as you learn to mount.  There are only bruises.  Concentrate on the goal of sobriety and do not be discouraged by your struggles.  99% of us who got sober and stayed had those  mounting the horse  problems...
Good for you for writing it down and being so honest. You are wrestling with a lot of confusing feelings. We are all just humans that's all there is to it we have faults and weaknesses as well as strengths and abilities. Sometimes stresses and problems are going to just hit us in a weak spot and we can't avoid behaviours we don't want and thought we'd got rid of. So forgive yourself. ..What happens next is up to you. You know your group would only be supportive if you admitted a relapse but that doesn't make it easy.  And you're quite enjoying the drink! Understandable it tastes good. And let's face it drink quiets the worries. ..You seem very clear about what's going on. And that the drinking/ using is only going to get worse. So what do you want? I think you feel a bit trapped by responsibilities: to the groups to family to this idea of yourself as  good' as a sober person. But isn't drink a trap too? Do you want that? 
I completely understand that feeling. Life gets to be a real pig sometimes and it just so freaking tiring. I'm wishing you all the very best through it all! 
My ego was a parasite that was ready to kill the host to survive.  You said you are not ready to turn your will back over.  What is served by continuing to turn your life over to alcohol?  Does it give you permission to beat yourself up for failing? ..We love you. I believe the sanity on the other side of the steps includes practicing self-compassion.  Your fellowship welcomes you.  Believe you are worth it.
Thank you for your suggestion in the beginning of the mess I did pray for them because you are very right they are sick too.  But now the closest I can get to that is praying for what happens in the dark to come to light.  
