-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9l0c5j/what_are_your_thoughts_on_an_addict_dating_an/

How many addicts/ alcoholics have dated another addict/ alcoholic? In some ways I feel like it's good because they understand the struggle. In other ways it's scary because of the disease and how quickly we can pull each other down. I think that it also depends on the stage that the person is in: active recovery? Actively using? Long term sober? ..I'm just looking to hear what others have to say. Quite a few of the members from my local AA group seem to be together or dating. ..Thanks! 
----------immediate responses--------

ive dated three alcoholics in aa and they were all defective nutjobs. ive dated plenty more outside of aa and they were all slightly less defective nutjobs. 
If it works awesome! .If not- welcome to seeing your ex at your home group. Especially when they move on and have the new aa relationship with someone else at the meeting. 
My GF and I sized each other up and considered the other to be a health nut.   We worked at the same place - she worked graveyard and I worked days.  We both rode our bikes to work - we first met at the storage shed out back where you could lock up bikes.  Every morning we had a chat at about 7:30AM.  That led to coffee etc.  we were both athletic and both looked great...Finally we went out for a dinner.  We went to a sushi bar - and drank the place dry of saki.  We made it back to her place screwed all night and it was on.   Turns out that she was a major pot head plus alcoholic alcohol only for me.  Encouraging each other to drink it quickly got so bad that a friend of hers suggested AA.   We looked each other in the eye and said  ok . We'll give that a try.   We really liked each other a lot and both wanted a relationship...We did ok in AA.  Both abstained from alcohol but she did smoke a reduced amount of weed.  I got a new job that took us to live in Cleveland then Mississippi then LA.   She completed her undergrad degree and I made great strides at work.  Another job took us to Spokane.  There she entered and completed law school passed the bar and went to work.   That is a ten year run of good times and all the while we supported each other attended AA and had fun along the way...I messed up the relationship and after 12 years it fell apart.   I went my way she went hers.  But we both stayed sober and each gained so much through the years due to the mutual support.   Unfortunately I was not aware of how lucky I was...
Two active alcoholics in their cups: a disaster in my experience if you're trying not to die from partying. Two sober &amp; active members of AA with strong (and separate) support systems strong boundaries and a commitment to the relationship's health: really really great. 
My observation is that long term relationships work best when only one party is in the program.  .That said I sometimes wish my wife who drinks normally was in the program so she'd at least understand more about it. 
The odds are good but the goods are odd.
I would never again date a crazy person like me. Tried it once: BOOM! ..I had 1.5 years of sobriety she had 19. 
Another thing to think about: there's a strong genetic component to addiction so if two addicts have kids the chances could be much greater than average that the kids will have substance abuse issues. 
Married my favorite one. It's the best.
My wife is an alcoholic she hasn't been to a meeting in years. She is self-centered selfish and dishonest. She lies to me constantly and is a taker. I'd divorce her if it weren't for our daughter. She is innocent and deserves stability and one home to live in so I've resigned to live the next 20 years with this terrible person.   .  .  addict/alcoholics are self centered by nature so the odds of both of you staying sober and both giving and contributing to a healthy relationship are slim to none..... That being said the odds of any relationship working is slim to none so take my pessimism with a grain of salt
I dated a girl who harmed herself physically. I harmed myself through substances. All that happened was a continuous cycle of her hurting herself and me using. End result: disaster. I know personally an older couple that attend AA and they have over 40 years of combined sobriety. I think it's really good to have someone who can mutually understand the disease and that can help each other stay sober. I think if you're fresh in recovery you should not date anyone for awhile because there's too many variables. A woman I know from AA said you shouldn't date anyone in your first year of sobriety and I think the big book also mentions dating other AAs as not such a good idea.
Grounded in aa the steps higher power it can work.
