-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9mx20w/naltrexone_and_the_sinclair_method/

 Hi all  ...I used to lurk on here a lot about a year ago. I quit coming around here because all of my attempts at sobriety did not go well (to say the least). I could string together a few weeks here and there but things would always and inevitably spiral out of control. And the bottoms just kept getting lower.   ...Fast forwarding to today I am just over 5 months into the Sinclair Method and I have pretty much reached what they call *extinction* (indifference to alcohol). Over the past 6 weeks I have drank twice. Once I had 4 drinks while out at dinner with some friends from work. Normally this would have been an excuse for a huge bender - it was work approved so I didn't have to worry about being hungover the next day these were some of my hard drinking buddies and I even had a pass to drink from the wife. But I stopped at 4 drinks and skipped the after party and I did it because I mostly just didn't want to drink anymore. There was no willpower needed. The second time we had pitchers and beers were poured for everyone at the table. I sipped on my beer throughout the dinner and it wasn't until I got up to leave that I realized I hadn't even finished my first one.  ...To put this in perspective in the week before I finally decided to do TSM I was drunk for five days straight from first thing in the morning until I passed out at night. Two of those nights were total blackouts and I have no idea what happened. But I know it was bad because when I woke up my wife was at her parents' house. I also went to work drunk once and called in sick twice (how I still have a job?). The only thing that stopped my drinking at 5 days was that the whole fiasco ended with a DUI. A complete and total shit storm the worst I had ever been.  ...I just thought I might post this because well I wish I had read a post like this last fall before things really went south for me. I know everyone needs to find their own path and there are many ways to achieve sobriety so I'm not trying to say TSM is the one and only answer. But if you are struggling with alcohol the way I was it's definitely worth a look.  ...Feel free to ask any questions I wish you all well. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to hear you found something that works for you.  I haven't met anyone with long term success with these drugs/Sinclair method most I have met went drinking after a year or two but hey that's alcoholism for ya most people never stop for good. It's a fucked disease so I'm glad you found something that works for you now if it doesn't work long term the doors in AA are always open God knows I tried everything to get sober before I did the deal in AA.... .
I really wanted to try this but for me I ended up getting blackout drunk the day before I went to get the medicine. I may try it again later but for now I'm okay using AA and abstinence 
Did you take your medicine before those 2 drinking events in the last 6 weeks?
Thanks for this post i hope the aa community will embrace the sinclair method along with other addiction medications because some people just need that extra help and couldn't benefit from aa with it and medication is officially an outside issue but i know people in aa commonly look down on people who use medication either with or without aa to stop. The sinclair method is especially looked down on because it actually requires you to drink but my deal was i didn't consider drinking on naltrexone to actually be drinking it's a medical treatment so as long as i never drank without naltrexone i considered myself to be sober. Now i don't really drink at all just because i don't want to. i'm not addicted anymore and drinking on naltrexone sucks anyway so why would I?
Congratulations! ..I responded to the treatment very quickly becoming indifferent after only four months probably because I didn't have a very long drinking career and also I was one of those people who could tell a huge difference in how I felt drinking on Naltrexone from the very first session. ..After those four months I did run into a couple of situations where a craving was triggered because I had not yet encountered that situation (like going to a party with people I used to drink with) while doing The Sinclair Method. It was just a slight craving that would have been pretty easy to ignore but since I always have Naltrexone on me I used those occasions to further treat my alcoholism. Since the four month mark I've never had more than 2 drinks per session and usually it's just one and from the beginning of my treatment I've seldom had more that 4 drinks (spread out over about 3 hours) in one day because without the euphoria I found it very easy to control my drinking. People are motivated to drink for different reasons and it was all about the euphoria for me.
Congrats on your success.  I am interested and have a few sincere questions.  Over six weeks you drank twice.  As I understand TSM you only take NAL one hour before drinking so you took NAL twice during these six weeks and on the other 40 days in these six weeks you did not take NAL and did not drink.  How did you not drink on these other 40 days and then why did you choose to drink on those two?  ..Could you just as easily not drank on those two occasions due to indifference/extinction?  If you have reached extinction or indifference why not just not drink at all and not take NAL at all particularly given the negative health effects of even small quantities of alcohol and the health risks and side effects of NAL?  ..I understand NAL may make tapering easier but TSM doesn't seem to have abstinance as a goal.  I may not understand but it seems like the goal of TSM is to eliminate the desire to drink so that the person can continue to drink albeit not excessively.  If someone wants to stop drinking and utilizes TSM to do so they end up not drinking and not taking NAL.  Then there is no more TSM it's just sobriety.  Am I missing something?  Does TSM have any role in living sober?..Thank you for sharing your experience.
Just want to say hooray thank you for sharing this and spreading the word about Naltrexone and The Sinclair Method. Life changer and game changer. I want to share also that while TSM is effective for most people (according to studies somewhere around 78%) it doesn't work for all - but that doesn't mean that \~22ish% are f\*\*ked. I have been learning a lot lately about alternative medications for the small % of people TSM might not work for.  I now work for an telemedicine organization (Ria Health) and their chief medication officer (Dr John Mendelson) has been in the field of addiction for over 30 years and uses medications often with his patients struggling with alcohol addiction. This has opened my mind a lot because as I've been telling my story on YouTube there have been people who have not had success with TSM. So just want to say there are other options out there in addition to naltrexone. I'm hoping to have Dr Mendelson write an article on this outlining the top medications for alcohol use disorder and I will share when he does.
