-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ndmh0/a_bit_about_relapse/

So this my story. I'm currently sitting in a hospital going through a medical detox before I enter a treatment facility. ..Let me rewind a bit first...In August of 2010 I went to my first rehab facility. I was 23 at the time. It was a life changing experience for me as I never knew about the ways of AA or what alcoholism actually was in general. It was a really good experience and I took a lot away from it. I got out after about 35 days and stuck to going to meetings on a regular basis. But I never got a sponsor or anything and eventually I stopped going all together after a few months. Life had improved for me. Things were going well. ..Eventually I met a girl and about 3 years later we got married. Looking back it wasn't something I should have done. I didn't truly love her. It was something I felt compelled to do. It felt like the  normal  thing to do and we had already invested in a living situation and life together. We began to fight more and more she was notoriously emotionally abusive and about 4 and a half years into my sobriety I fell of the wagon. This went on for well over a year. I'd drink get caught promise to stop hit a meeting or two and then be right back when the unhappiness set back in. I have a lot of undealt with grief and trauma in my past things I haven't dealt with. Things that make it hard for me to be truly open with others. ..In January of 2017 our marriage was basically dead. We didn't speak. I tried to sit her down and many times to see what could be done and her answer was all  there's nothing you can do . ..And then I met her. The woman I left my wife for in March of 2017. I asked for a divorce and up and left her everything to start over with this new person in California which was on the other side of the country. My wreckless drinking continued until she couldn't handle. Back to rehab I went. Once again sobered up didn't do the work. Didn't fix me. The staying sober part is the easy part. It's the working on yourself that takes the work. I didn't do it. ..We moved out to Nevada outside Vegas in February this year. I was sober. I thought things were good. But I was still the same broken me. Emotionally unavailable. This past August I came home from a short ten day tour with my band (my profession I leave for long periods often). And she was done. The person I thought was the one was done. She said her heart and love for me and trying to get me to open up had hit a wall and she couldn't do it anymore. ..I flew back to my home state and immediately spiraled into a month long binge and the deepest darkest depression I've ever experienced that has ended me up in medical detox. Awaiting once again to get into a treatment facility. This time a place that can handle dual diagnosis of issues. ..I'm here to say that getting sober is one thing but now I finally understand that recovery is something else entirely and something that I'd really like to do. I'd like to say that I want my girlfriend back some day because I do. But that may be too late. But what I do know for sure is I'm ready to fix me. I'm tired of the perpetual depression I live in sober or not. I'm ready to work steps and become involved in therapy to help me address all my trauma and grief that I have bottled up so long that it has absolutely ruined my life and driven away so many people I love. ..I'm not sure why I felt compelled to write this other than to get this off my chest and share with others who might understand what I'm going through. ..Thanks for reading if you made it this far. 
----------immediate responses--------

Eight years--that's a pretty long first step but I've known people who took longer. The good news is that recovery means exactly what it says: we recover what we had lost. That doesn't mean we get back our old girlfriends or time but it does mean we get back our true selves and get a chance to trudge the road of happy destiny. Congratulations! You're on your way to the greatest journey any human being can travel. ..My only advice would be don't stop going to meetings! Ever. 
You never relapsed. You were never in RECOVERY. THe 12 steps is how we recovery. Good luck to you. 
Good job getting your thoughts out there.  I'm familiar with life on the road and that can be tough.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I needed to do the work and get down to some soul searching.  Thing is that I couldnt do it on my own and AA was not enough accountability for me.  Sober living helped in that area and things started to click to where I was able to get to the work.  That's just my experience.  It took me 2.5 years to get 6 months.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Not sure if this helps at all but figured I'd share. 
Thanks for sharing. Sending you much love...Good luck with the therapy and getting back to a programme of recovery
These realizations you're having are huge you should feel great about that! 
I don't know why you felt compelled to write this but I'm very glad you did as your story is remarkably similar to mine. Similiar places married once broken hearts and failed attempts to quit...&amp;#x200B;..Same pains man I'm currently a month out of a 30-day treatment center and working the steps properly as I too was tired of the perpetual depression and utter hopelessness. But hey man for the first time in years I have I felt true genuine hope and dare I say joy when all I wanted was content. ..&amp;#x200B;..I was in the last stages of our disease (jails institutions... death) and I got the help I needed from an unexpected place. By some miracle I never lost the last thing that meant something to me which was my lifelong career and it was the people I work worth that saved me. You're in the right place and it doesn't matter how many times you go into treatment just matters that you are doing what needs to be done now and as best you can. You're not dead please don't let this thing kill you cause it 100% wants us dead in the end.
Yea - well.  Many of us have done  cameo  appearances in AA through the years only to end up with silly tales and adventures such as you describe.  I for one surely have.   I carried on until I thoroughly disgusted myself - I had plain had enough of my endless bullshit.   Then and only then did I take my disease seriously and work hard to get better physically and emotionally.  I has been hard work for me but 14 years after getting sober it is still hard work.  But I have come to enjoy it.  I really hope that you do also..
Cart before the horse when you say staying sober is easy and working our way into living reovery is not. Imo we take the steps to change enough to remain in emotional balance and able to act to good effect. That we don't have to return to drinking and suffering further is a minor by-product though most see that as the big-big deal. ..Part of getting what our hands call for. 
Wow good honest heartbreaking experience.  Hope you can find the recovery path again right away.  Best wishes.
You only really fuck up in AA if you don't come back so welcome back. It takes what it takes.  .I did a similar dance like yours for ten years in and out of AA then finally completely gave myself to the program. It didn't fix everything but it was an amazing improvement! . .
Best wishes my friend. You are not alone in this. No matter what your brain tells you. Others sweep this kind of thing under the rug and "move on." Happy to hear you know where to focus your efforts on;  keep coming back.
Quit going in circles. Get naltrexone...Some redditors moderate and reduce their alcohol intake using naltrexone pills and the Sinclair method. ..Some redditors quit drinking completely by getting the vivitrol shot each month or the naltrexone implant every 3 months. ..
