-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ob7ub/m26_i_relapsed_after_2_years_of_uninterrupted/

Back in July I relapsed after 2 years. My drug of choice is opiates. Where I'm from AA is more popular and has the best success so naturally I sought help through AA rather than NA. I was homeless and broken and strung out and after years of in and out of rehabs I finally gave up. It took me a month of going up to groups every single day while juggling my habit until I finally got a bed at this really great halfway house where a few of my friends got clean. I spent 9 months there where I worked the steps went to meetings and followed the advice of the people ahead of me. In this time I had 2 sponsors both with multiple years of sobriety overdose and die. In that time I continued to 3/4 living paid rent and worked a part time job. Around this time I started slacking on step work and picked up new maladaptive coping mechanisms to replace my drug. Simply put I was addicted to relationships and hooking up and my focus started to slip. Same old shit you always hear. Anyways time went by going into my second year where I entered into what I still believe to be a very healthy relationship with a non alcoholic and very stable non toxic person. The relationship ended and soon after I hit my 2 years of sobriety without many qualms. Idk I really wasn't very upset with life. But I was defiantly bored and very stagnant. To cut to the chase I started smoking weed. A few other sober friends I new started as well and seemed to be doing alright. One thing led to another and then I was drinking Kratom.  I started to notice how it made me feel and how my familiar desire to use increased. Before I new it I was taking pills again and eventually not long after doing heroin. I'm 4 months in to this relapse and 1 month in to doing opiates. As soon as this bullshit started I told on myself and got myself going back up to groups at the halfway house I'm affiliated with and trying to get a bed. Where im from heroin is a huge problem so getting a bed at a non profit rehab is really really fucking hard. I know everyone there and I love the place. It's my home. But I can't get a bed. So I checked in to detox in hopes it would increase my chances. I remained in contact with the facilitators there but on my 3rd day of detox was told by a counselor they couldn't get me in and were sending me to a relatively suspect new treatment center that had just opened. Half sick and half over medicated and arguing with the counselor i left. And now I'm doing the couch surfing bullshit getting high with a girl I met in detox and negative $400 in my bank account. My boss also thinks I'm in treatment.  Idk it's all classic shit you here over and over again. I'm just fucking sick of it. I mean I no exactly what I have to do. I have to go to a shitty seedy treatment center and work 100 times harder than I did the first time to get clean. This shit is miserable. I can't escape it. I'm stuck with this part of myself and eventually one way or another  it's going to kill me. Luckily I'm at my parents house for the next few days but I no I'm about 6 hours I'm going to wake up at 3pm withdrawing. I don't even know why I'm posting this on here other than I feel so fucking screwed. I hate that I'm doing this again. I was happy sober. I worked so hard to have the things I had. And I was for atleast some time truly greatful. Idk maybe to anyone else out there this can help as a reminder. This is going to kill me. The heroin here isn't safe. It's hardly even a drug anymore. Part of me legitimately wants to just say fuck it and be sick tomarrow and just end this. Get through it. And I really think I cAn. I don't no. 
----------immediate responses--------

The good news is that you know you can make it 2 years. Do it again and then some. ..The longer you stay on this run the harder it will be to turn it around. ..Good Luck. .
You might find this pamphlet helpful. .https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/P-35_ProOtherThanAlcohol.pdf
I really urge you to go check out NA or HA if you have it in your area. AA has a singleness of purpose and while there are many many people who have experience with drugs then one thing we should all have in common is alcoholism. It's not that we don't want you it's that we shouldn't be arrogant enough to think we can help any person with any problem. We need to focus on alcoholics and let the other fellowships have their focus as well. 
Rock bottom is whatever point you choose to stop digging. It's going to be really tough but here's the reality; your addiction has the remainder of today to beat you. All you need to do is fight like hell to get through today sober. It'll be at its worst now because it's been comfortably residing inside your head for however long directing your life and ruining your ability to make good decisions for yourself. ..You've done it before. You WILL do it again. Just win today. Don't worry about two years from now or two years ago. Just win today. 
