-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9pgixm/alanonic_question/

My wife is in the middle of a 2 week relapse seems to be trying to get back on the wagon but. .....Last night I crawled into bed and asked if it was ok to cuddle  she said it was so I started to spoon her  holding her hand and my head against her back.  ..After a bit I got hot so I pulled my head away and started to drift off. Suddenly after about a minute maybe 2 she says "too much. ..you always do too much! " so I let go of her hand and moved away.  I asked what I did  so I knew what to avoid in the future  she tells me it was having my head against her back  to which I reply "I didn't have my head against your back" (because I had moved quite some time before she had the issue)..She then accused me of gas lighting her and wouldn't let me get so much as a peep in.  I walked away and she kept screaming about how hard she had been working to trust me and how I was am abuser and incapable of being trusted.  ..She struggles with gas lighting as her dad is terrible about it and the assault she suffered in school was passed off because the boys told everyone it was her idea and she slut shamed for her rape by her class mates. ..So I get being super sensitive to it but I find it near impossible to not trigger that when even the smallest confusion about what she's saying is immediately answered as me gas lighting her. I didn't know she was drunk as I had been out all night and so it took me a bit too realize I was arguing with someone not able to be coherent but this is common even when sober.  ..Question is  do I just ignore it and hope as she works the steps it gets better?  Do I argue with her?  Do I record her and when she's calmed down play it back and ask wtf.....I feel like I'm being gas lit..about gas lighting her
----------immediate responses--------

I'd check out your local Alanon group.  
Hello my friend...One thing I can say for sure. No point trying to talk any sense while she is intoxicated.  If you wish to help her I know some may not agree but I am a big believer in tough love. Pull out all props. Don't help her. ..Basicly let her sink or swim ...Not sure that this has answered your question  But as other person said Alanon would be best help...Thinking of you. John.         
I believe in not escalating things especially when people are being irrational but I also believe in confronting issues directly. a bit of a balance and one needs to play it by ear. At bedtime probably not the best time to start anything. ..r/alanon has a sub as well. ..good luck. 
Why are you attempting contact [cuddling-conversation] while she is under the influence? You can't expect rational behavior from her under the circumstances. ..You are based on your history enmeshed in her addiction. It just seems to go round and round. I would ignore this incident. She wasn't sober and focus on your own issues. 
