-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9q9egg/struggling_at_18_months_again/

So I've been sober for almost 19 months now. I'm in the middle of my second fifth step inventory. About 3 weeks ago my obsession to drink returned full throttle. I started going to meetings everyday calling people etc. Basically shoring up the loose ends on what had been kind of a shitty program. My obsession is still here and it's very strong. I know Dr. Bob talks about struggling like this but I'm still at a loss on what to do. I'm taking it 10 minutes at a time right now and would like to hear from other people who have continued to live with the obsession. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have almost exactly the same amount of time as you. Have you tried finding a different sponsor? That's what I've done and it's helped immensely. He has gone through so much and has come so far and I feel that I relate to the things he says much better than I did with my previous sponsor.
Having gone through the steps are you sponsoring anyone? How much service work do you do? The book tells us that nothing will ensure us from drinking as much as working with another alcoholic. 
Your cravings/obsession are normal common and will almost certainly pass so long as you do not give in. It sounds like you are doing a lot toward ensuring sobriety. I recommend taking on a service commitment or two. Get a couple numbers of people who are not your sponsor give them a shoutout when you need a boost and encourage them to do the same with you. Did something happen to precipitate this latest obsession? Might be worth looking into and dealing with and enlisting support. 
Same here. At 16 months. Things were hard at 90 days. 9 months. 1 year. And now again. Perhaps the solution to my problem is acceptance today and the serenity prayer. 5th steps are hard too if you find yourself being more honest if you left things out last time. Be honest to the best of your ability. If more comes to you later tell someone you trust like your sponsor. After that it's all just cadillac problems. 
Hey I don't know if this helps but I recently relapsed and all it did was make everything 100% worse than it was before. Thought no one would know- everyone knew. Thought I'd be able to talk my way out of it my husband is gone and it's just been me sitting in the house alone for 2 days (sober thankfully I wouldn't trade that for the world at this point) that have felt like an eternity. I drove drunk to get more alcohol I could have killed someone. I left my dog outside in the cold for 3 hours. And I NEVER thought I would be THAT kind of alcoholic (cause you know I'm so special)...I reached out to my AA people after the fact but I wish I would have reached out at that first craving. Everyone has felt like you do right now at some point and no one is going to think less of you. Have you reached out to your sponsor? 
Update: Today was my first obsession free day in nearly 3 weeks. Thank you all for your es&amp;h
