-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9qi0t6/relapsed_and_feeling_awful_but_back_in_the_program/

I relapsed for the first time a month ago. I was instantly right back to where I started. I'd heard that so many times but didn't believe it would apply to me because I'm so different and special. Then I decided to do it again and again because I didn't want to go back to AA and admit what I'd done. I didn't want to admit to myself that I'm an alcoholic. I drank for the last time on Saturday night. That morning my husband came home and discovered what I'd been doing questioned me and found that I was still drunk. I woke up still drunk and chugged some wine that I hid in my closet before I went and talked to him.  Turns out he's known each and every time. He's gone now. He's been gone since Saturday night and I've been sober since Sunday. He said he needs a break and so he took the dog and went to sleep at his office (he owns his own business)...That Friday night I drove drunk to the store to get more alcohol- something I never did before. He saw me pull in on our outdoor camera and I must have been too drunk to park in the garage because I just left the car outside of the garage. I left my dog outside in the cold. I don't remember any of this. I was shocked to wake up the next morning and find another bottle of wine and a six pack of beer on the kitchen counter and my husband's coat hanging on the dining room chair letting me know he was home...I've never wailed and cried so hard as when he left. I started in the program back in August. I got a sponsor but I didn't get myself to enough meetings and I think I needed a sponsor who was going to be a little tougher on me because I'm not good at holding myself accountable for anything. I went to two meetings yesterday and two meetings today. I guess I'm just writing this to share because I'm really scared that if I don't get sober I will die or hurt someone else. I'm really scared I'm going to lose my husband. I'm so sorry for doing this to him and I don't know how to make it right other than going to meetings and trying to do the right thing. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're back. 
Sometimes the only way we really start taking things seriously is by reaching a bottom. In fact it's essential. Sometimes our families heal we find out in time. I'll think good thoughts for you. 
I've done the same thing. Feel pretty rough but I felt better this morning than I did. I'm sure I'm gonna feel better tomorrow. I think if I just focus on getting through today I'll build some momentum and get a little stronger. I'll use that for the next battle. ..Best of luck though. 
Remember that no one comes to AA on a winning streak! What a miracle that you drove drunk and didn't hurt anyone else or yourself. I know it seems like a crazy thing to be grateful for but things could be a whole lot worse for you right now. We are so lucky to have a way out of this Hell. You don't ever have to feel this way again. Keep going to meetings get a sponsor and immerse yourself in the program. We're glad you're here  
I'm sorry this has to be so painful. Glad you're back - hang in there.
My relapse ended up being the best thing that ever happened to me. As long as we learn from our past it's never a failure...Hang in there
There's a time and place in A.A. to make right on the wrongs you have done to others but I would suggest planning on working on yourself first. It's very common for alcoholics to want to fix everything the second they get sober. This can be a by-product of your self-will which wants to retain control over things like your relationship. I obviously don't know you or much of your situation so maybe this isn't the case but I see it happening very frequently with newcomers in A.A. You have to be able to take care of yourself before you can deal with any of your wreckage and part of that is being able to not be so concerned with the rest of the world. It even mentions this regarding self-will in the Big Book page 60.. Most people try to live by self-propulsion. Each person is like an actor who wants to run the whole show; is forever trying to arrange the lights the ballet the scenery and the rest of the players in his own way. If his arrangements would only stay put if only people would do as he wished the show would be great.  ..Just something to think about one day at a time!
Welcome back I'm glad you're here
The great news is that there is a solution that has worked for millions and will for you too.  Those episodes can become part of your previous life as an active alcoholic.  Your new life in recovery can be much better.  And you have already launched way to go!
Thank you! It is absolutely self will. I've managed to give him space and I feel like I'm doing the right thing by respecting his wishes.
Cunning baffling powerful. I hurt my family so bad in my four years of drinking I started when I was 14. I'm 19 now with 9 months of sobriety and you are absolutely right about making things right by getting back into the program. That's the only way I can make up for all the hurt that I've caused. They call it living amends. Just live your life sober and be a better you and sometimes that's the best thing you can do to make up for things. Keep coming back.
Why did you want to stop drinking in the first place? ..&amp;#x200B;..It has to come down to you and have that be your motivation. Not to stop driving drunk please/keep your husband not accidentally kill your dog or any of the bad "behaviors" - those are all side dishes compared to what you're doing to yourself as a being and a person. What do you want out of sobriety that alcohol is no longer giving you? 
You know what's interesting about this is that when I found myself in situations like this I thought I was the only one who knew this particular brand of pain and sorrow. But that's simply the alcoholism giving us such delusive thoughts. A.A and 12 Step programs would loose traction and momentum if not for the stories of suffering and loss that we share. It takes guts to be vulnerable in a world that passively expects us to look strong and confident at all times. What I'm getting at is that you aren't alone. Just like I'm not alone. We may feel it in our particular situation but the emotions and the same. And also important the solution is the same. Find people who you can talk to about your suffering and situation. Keep an open mind and take suggestions. Where you may find aversion to what the program offers just remember it's definitely not as bad as the pain from our alcoholic life. Help is always there. Thanks for sharing. 
Really needed to hear this thank you for sharing. I've been romanticizing my past alcohol use and telling myself it wasn't that bad and reading your story reminded of why I had to stop and get into the program. I need to get closer to aa face the hard facts and remember that we are the same. 
Thank you so much for sharing. You might have saved my life tonight by sharing this and opening my eyes...I admire you for coming back and sharing all this! Thank you so much!
You were sure you knew better because you'd not been able to stay sober for long. Know that one...Maybe do at least as much as those who've succeeded for a long time next time.
When I got sober it was because I needed to get sober. I still have always put my sobriety first because without that I won't have anything in my life. I have sponsored a couple of hundred guys over the years and it has always been up to them to stay sober. I can't make anyone drink or not drink. 
When I got sober it was because I needed to get sober. I still have always put my sobriety first because without that I won't have anything in my life. I have sponsored a couple of hundred guys over the years and it has always been up to them to stay sober. I can't make anyone drink or not drink. 
