-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9sgsys/i_went_to_my_first_aa_meeting_this_morning/

I ran out of coffee at home so I made a run for it and made myself drive to a meeting instead of Starbucks. ...And guess what? The meeting was smaller than usual because of the holiday (3 including me) and thus no coffee. Lol. Still it was good and I'm confident AA will help me get my act together. .....Also I relapsed as soon as I got home. .. \_( )_/  ..Will try again tomorrow. ..
----------immediate responses--------

As they say  keep coming back !
Lol it's possible that you may have somewhat missed the point of the meeting 
 Well you showed up and that's 90% of the battle. Before you give up you need to prove to yourself that it doesn't work. Next time you go find a sponsor and work the steps. After that you'll be free to self loathe and guilt yourself you death because you've earned it. 
I love small meetings.  
I didn't get sober my first meeting but I did a few months later.  I just kept showing up. No coffee!  Oh my.  Volunteer to make it and that way you'll get the first hot cup :) 
I was in and out of the rooms for a few years. I now have over 14 years. One day at a time! 
That's how my sponsor met his sponsor. His wife had left him for losing his job drunk and he ran out of mix for his vodka. He crossed the street to steal coffee from the AA meeting. As he was filling his takeaway cup a guy shouted at him from across the room "AA's for sober people!"..He'd been sober since the 50s and died sober this was in the 70s and my spons is still sober...I came along in the 80s and it's worked so far...Smart choice. A meeting's a good place to get a cup usually. Talk with a member before you take the next drink if you want to stay sober.
Relapsed as soon as you got home from a meeting?  Come on man. 
It was a holiday today?..Keep hitting those meetings and be honest if you relapse. Honesty is key!
Three people and no coffee? Excuse me wtf?.That's why you relapsed
The good news is at least you did not drink Starbucks. ..How can you drink that stuff ? I realize millions of people do...I just cannot understand it. 
Getting started stopping drinking can be a challenge.  It took me 30 years of drinking alcoholically before I found the need and desire necessary to stop.  Don't be me.
You need an inpatient rehab and maybe detox. I commend you for going to a meeting though. Good luck!
It's ok I know how you feel. I told my sister the same thing and she had the same answer. I found her dead in her bedroom. Luckily her daughter was with her father that weekend. It's life or death. I'm not trying to scare you but...ok maybe a little. 
It's not a relapse if you go home and drink within 24 hours to 30 days of sobriety. ..Hell even 9 months...You are still in old behavior. You didnt relapse. That word has negative energy. You are a drunk and you did what drunks like us do: you got drunk. ..That's all. ..Today...tomorrow...the next day....one day at a time you have two basic goals: .1) do not drink.2) go to a meeting..You got this. 
