-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9t80hw/relapsed_after_45_years/

And still going strong in my addiction/alcoholism after about a year and losing everything. Just got out of jail today after doing 14 days and I'm looking for a meeting as soon as the sun comes up. Needing some encouragement in the meantime because I'm feeling pretty low. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there! Soon you will be on the right path again. You have lost a battle against the most dirty of foes but you are fighting back. I wish for you nothing but strength in these hours before dawn. Remember you are not alone. 
You can stop the insanity. You also know it can get worse. Since you've had time in the program you know that people die from this disease. You can make this your bottom and start working the program. Humble yourself and get a 24 hour coin and do it for you. I'll think good thoughts for you. 
Get to a meeting be open and honest...be sure to let us know how it goes. We care about you. We are here for you!!
I did the same thing. Got sober at 22 and relapsed at a hair over 4.5 years to prove a point to a girl that her drinking was affecting me and she needed to stop. It's insane to think it made sense at the time. I went out and had 2 drinks then went home. In my mind at the time I felt that meant maybe I'm not an alcoholic so I kept drinking and left AA. very soon thereafter I was smoking weed daily again. Before I knew it I had a heroin addiction again that I was in denial about. ..A little over a year later the girl was gone the money was gone the heroin was substituted with cocaine and I was drinking copiously every single day again. Only this time I was in Texas and not Massachusetts. I was far away from home with no one I knew to turn to for help. I made a call back home and they told me to just find a meeting. ..I did that. I asked for help. I immediately got a sponsor and began the 12steps again. That was in 2015. Now I've got a life I couldn't have dreamed of. I go to meetings. I sponsor men. Im celebrating 3 years sober in 9 days and I'm getting married next October. ..You can do it bro and feel free to PM me if you need anything. 
Listen man I work in addiction treatment. The amount of times I've seen people come in with 1-10 years sober and recently relapsed is somewhat frequent however I can tell you that every time you get back up on the horse and fight your addiction gets a little harder but you're always stronger because of it. Get back up here get stronger and get your life back together. You know you can do it. 
Hey friend..So sorry to hear that you're wounded. You can do this - just for today. We're so glad you're here. Grab that seat again and hold onto it tightly. ..You are loved.
I had a nightmare last night that I relapsed. I don't know that I'd have the strength to start over I think I'd just die. I have so much respect for your insight and your willingness to get back at it. AA/Sobriety gave me a life and a kind of peace I didn't know was possible. You can do this. And you don't have to do any of it alone. 
In 90 days this can happen (it's what I did):..\-90 meetings in 90 days..\-Get a sponsor..\-Work all 12 steps..&amp;#x200B;..Looking back that was the most amazing decision I've made in my entire life. It changed everything. Godspeed brother or sister.
I relapsed after 4.5 years also! It was heartbreaking losing all that time but I worked my ass off and found even stronger recovery and found the missing pieces that I hadn't gathered during my first stint in recovery. I just picked up my 18 months in September! I promise it gets better! Just take it a day at a time and keep doing what you need to be doing for your recovery first...I'm always here if you want to chat. 
Thank you for posting here and reporting back. I had a hard day yesterday and was sorely tempted. What a disease!.Stories like yours going to meetings working the steps a caring sponsor and developing a relationship with God have helped me get to 11 months and 20 days sober. .My thoughts are with you today. 
Going to a meeting sounds like a good idea. Let us know how it goes! You can do it. 
The awesome thing is that you made it back and you get to fight another day many are not so fortunate..Do you mind if I ask what happened exactly? How did you relapse?
The relapse is what's expected. We're drunks. Drinking is what we're supposed to do. By picking yourself up and going to a meeting you're a miracle. That's what matters.
I relapsed after three years.  I am now almost to 13 years and very committed to my recovery.  My life is amazingly better than ever.  God bless you can do it.
Welcome back!!!! You can do this! You'll be welcomed with open arms. 
I'd suggest posting this over at stop drinking too. Great sub with great folks.
You know the programme works. You know all the "yets" waiting for you. You know it all. .I'm guessing you stopped doing all the things you needed to do in order to stay sober? .Get your arse back on that seat and share. Start again. .I relapsed and currently in treatment had 2.3 years clean. I know it works and when it works it's amazing. I just stopped doing what i was told what the programme says - it gives us a better life!!!! Alcohol drugs. Doesn't give us a better life. .Do you want that internal chaos? Everyday until you die? Surrender. Give up. Start again. We are all here for you as are your own fellowship groups and man what a fellowship it is!!!!! 
Occasionally I take a meeting with another member to our local county jail. A few months ago one of the gents in orange was the former chair of our old Saturday speaker meeting at the club. He'd faded off and gone to AZ but AZ didn't help. He assured us that he learned a lesson through it all and we were going to get tired of seeing his face really soon...which is one of the traditional kiss of death phrases that newcomers say...Haven't seen him show up yet at the club but will look for him at next Monday's jail meeting.
Got close to 4 years sober went out spent 3 more years destroying my life and got lucky enough to survive the long horrible trip back.   ..Just got 19 years earlier this month. If you survive to make it back you can get it with work.
