-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9t8wqf/alcoholics_wont_change_their_behavior_unless_they/

My husband is from functioning alcoholics to non functioning alcoholics. He was being seen drunken at work by HR and was punished to be removed out of the management positions . his boss gave him the first warning and i am pretty sure he will get fired if this happens again. Suddenly he agreed to see a psychiatrist. and i am just pissed off . since i have been trying to help stop drinking for over a year and gave him the warning that he would lose his job very soon if he kept drinking like this. his defense is i am still keeping my job and bring home good salary so i don't need to stop drinking.  now he wants to change.  but since i learned so much from this subreddit i am not so confident about his relapse.  it is just like a timing bomb. you don't know when it will explode. ..TL;DR: will alcoholics always relapse? what is the bottom?
----------immediate responses--------

Seems like you need to support your husband more and show more compassion this is a problem that didn't just pop up out of nowhere it must have been a ongoing thing. You need to be understanding that this crippling addiction is very hard to beat. He could use anything as an excuse yo relapse argument with you stress in traffic or just the fact that his body requires alcohol to function properly. Seek professional help if you want real change and be supportive.
I have never relapsed since I came into the program 5/5/2012. 
I think many of us would suggest posting this in r/alanon..The bottom is different for all of us. We can't get or keep anyone sober. And we can't keep anyone from a drink. .. I highly recommend Al Anon. Listen for the similarities not the differences..I hope you are able to find a solution there.
I would seek out any and all al-anon meetings. They are meetings and support groups that help friends and family members better understand and what helps/hurts yourself and the suffering alcoholic. The information and knowledge you'll gain as well as the people you'll meet who are going through such similar situations can really help you keep your sanity.
Alanon has answers to all those questions. 
Why does it matter who/what made him admit he has a problem? Be grateful that he has admitted it. Al-Anon is a great suggestion for you and maybe try reading  To Wives  in the A.A. Big Book. I know you're frustrated but try not to let pride get in the way of supporting his progress. 
Will alcoholics always relapse? No...What is the bottom? It varies person to person. It's really up to the individual to realize for themselves that they've had enough (and mean it). Some people have to lose everything before they can admit honestly that they have a problem. Sad but true...How often do alcoholics relapse? Hard to say. Willingness is a huge component to personal recovery. Here's a link to a Psychology Today article with some statistics if you're just looking for numbers: [https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/craving/201402/how-often-do-long-term-sober-alcoholics-and-addicts-relapse](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/craving/201402/how-often-do-long-term-sober-alcoholics-and-addicts-relapse) . ..If you are concerned about someone else's drinking try checking out r/AlAnon . AA is for the alcoholic AlAnon is for their family.
I'm sorry that my fellow alcoholics have been so harsh to you. Most of them don't understand what it's like to live with an alcoholic who isn't themselves. ..I will tell you from my own experience that if I did not suffer consequences I never would have decided to change. My desire to quit only came after I was willing to admit that my life was unmanageable. If my life had been manageable what reason would I have to quit? I personally know homeless people who don't have a desire to quit because they feel perfectly comfortable with the way their life is. They have enough to eat and a place to sleep so during the day they beg for money to buy drugs and alcohol. ..I didn't lose my car I didn't lose my license I didn't lose relationships with family but I'm sure I would have if I had kept going. I saw where my life was headed and I didn't want that to happen to me. So I hit bottom when I stopped digging. If your husband has no incentive to stop he will not stop. ..If your husband doesn't want to stop there is nothing anyone can do to change his mind. If he starts going to meetings he might recognize his behavior in the stories other alcoholics share about themselves. He may realize that he is not alone and people who have his problem can help him. AA is about one alcoholic helping another the way no one else can...Winona Ryder starred in a movie about the wife of A.A. cofounder Bill Wilson. It's called  When Love Is Not Enough: The Lois Wilson Story . I think you can find it on YouTube for free. You and your husband may find it helpful. 
The answer to your question actually unknown. Every alcoholic is different. I have not relapsed in over 27 years but I never say never. I am only one drink away. I would be grateful that hopefully he has seen the light. You both need to recover from this disease and you both have a different path to take. 
