-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9te1v2/making_friends_in_aa/

Hi..I am finding it difficult to make genuine (long-lasting) friendships in AA.  I have been in the program for a couple of years and am failing to develop consistant friendships.  I only really enjoy one person who is the opposite sex (no romantic interest on either of our sides).  This person is very easy to talk to checks in on me always gives me kindness and a hug in meetings and doesn't make it hard to love me. (I use the word love platonically).  Me and this person can talk for hours about personal growth relationships recovery etc.  I am upset because aside from this person I feel chronically 'not enough' for others.  People of the same sex as me only build a relationship with me on a surface level - as in we don't hang out outside of meetings.  And when I ask for this need to be met or express desire to hang...I am met with coldness kept at arms length and am made to feel like wanting connection is such an extreme burden to others.  The people I am requesting to spend time with outside of meetings are sober anywhere from 3 months to 3 years...even 10+ years.  As if I didn't feel alone enough growing up in an unloving / emotionally unavailble family...or when I drank I felt lonely.  Now I feel 'terminally lonely and unique' in sobriety!  ..&amp;#x200B;..I am confident I know how to 'connect' but I feel like Im surrounded by impossible people.  AA saved my life - the program steps and a sponsor is what works for me and I am happy about that.  What Im really disappointed with is - I thought I would have the opportunity to meet and connect with people who understand my struggles who want to love and be loved.  I thought I would be around people who want to genuinely hang out and do fun things.  I love myself and I feel like I am easy to get along with down to earth. I feel like Im very compassionate loyal giving emotionally available always asking people out.  But I chronically feel like no body likes or appreciates me...&amp;#x200B;..My sponsor keeps telling me to try new meetings and that eventually I will find my tribe.  But I have tried that - I have done hundreds of meetings around my city - I am not shy and I walk up to people and am open.  I swear I do not give off a needy vibe. Or over bearing vibe.  I am very chill I smile and ask people how are they doing.  I *always* chrnoically feel like I put in a lot of effort.  That I have to kiss butt and bend over backwards to make a friend.  I have boundaries needs and self respect -- but after a while I get so desperate I start bending those needs just to get ANY attention.  ..&amp;#x200B;..People tell me 90% of ppl in AA are selfish and only give a f\*\*\* about themselves. Is this true?  Am I part of the 10% who is selfless and wanting so badly to be warm and loving and wanting to connect closely?  I have been in this mood for a while now.  I was wondering if someone can give me pointers.  And YES - I focus on myself!! I have plenty of activities....But thats ALL I do.  I cant just be alone for the rest of my life.  I need help :(
----------immediate responses--------

May I ask where you live?
Here's my suggestion. Be of service to the group every chance you get. Get on a committee or be a board member. Make coffeeb mop the floor clean the restroom. Bring cookies or a cake on someones birthday. The more you give the more you get. Best Wishes
What are your expectations from friends? How quickly do you expect a friendship to develop? At my stage in life (married work a few different friend groups) I hang out with each of my closest friends maybe once a month on average. If you're looking for a bunch of people who call and hang out all the time you might be setting expectations too high...Are you going to fellowship events? Staying after meetings? You say you ask how people are are you listening or are you waiting to share your part? Do you ask people to hang out? Do you make an effort to establish plans or do you wait for others to ask?..You don't need to answer these to anyone. Just things reflecting what I've learned as I've made friends in sobriety both in and out of AA.
As a sponsor I hear complaints like yours from almost every single sponsee.  .  . Others are not doing enough for you..  .Selfish and self centered to the core I have yet to hear a sponsee or member of AA complaining about not giving enough not being a better friend or falling short as a friend. No we all try to take more than we give yet we are usually completely unaware. ..Have a read of the St Francis prayer it's in the 12x12 or online........ ..Think what you can give rather than receive 
If you want a friend be a friend. Call people on the phone list. Visit someone who is sick or in the hospital.  Volunteer answering phones or at a shelter.   If you can make a difference in someone's life you will reap rewards and hopefully pick up some of your tribe along the way.  
dude i couldn't get through all of this but you have at least one good friend that's more than a lot of people.
I am hearing you. ..I did not have my car at one time.  Phoned a guy to ask if he could take me to a meeting.  No..He lived 5 Minuits Drive from me. ..I have and never will go back to meeting he goes to. ..
Maybe you can arrange for a group hangout after the meeting. A couple of the meetings I go to do that. Go to a restaurant and enjoy some yummy food together. I think people can get overwhelmed by the thought of just hanging out one-on-one but a get together with several other people with food involved takes some of the pressure off. You may not get a lot (or any) takers at first but just keep asking. Best of luck to you!
Reach out to a newcomer.
&gt; People tell me 90% of ppl in AA are selfish and only give a f*** about themselves. Is this true?..No I have not found this to be true at all. What I have found is that the people in AA are just that people. With all of the issues and problems that people tend to have with alcoholism tossed into the mix for a super fun ride...Many people in AA have been beaten down by life for quite a while. Picking up and learning how to live a good life is important but secondary to learning how to stay sober just for today. ..I think that most of us struggle with the same thing. Making friends when you are a kid is easy not so much as an adult. And really not so much when we are somewhat damaged people...I see that you say you talk to people at the meetings. Do you know what they like to do outside of the meetings? Softball Golf Bowling movies? Ask someone if they want to...Even better find a Young Peoples in AA meeting in your area and jump in. We did dances conferences road trips to other meetings in other cities and states. ..We created softball teams formed committees to host Sober Dances. Put on Young Peoples conferences. ICYPAA bid committees and went to the conferences all over the country...Basically it takes someone JUST LIKE YOU to kick this off if you wait for someone else to do anything you will be waiting for awhile...Start with your State YPAA they will have a facebook group go to the meetings. ..Jump On In! Life is out there for you but you have to reach out for it like the brass ring on a Merry-Go-Round...
i enjoy meetup.com
