-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9tywa2/almost_nine_months_sober_struggling_as_much_as_i/

So I hit nine months in less than a week. My first month or so was really rough as it is for most people but after that it got a lot easier. I had bad days of course but for the most part not having a drink wasn't terribly difficult. Now for some reason it's about as hard as it was back in the beginning and it's been like that for over a week now. (normally my rough patches are a few hours long at most) I stopped at the liquor store on the way home from work on Friday bought some beer. I haven't drank it it's sitting in my bedroom right now. Today I bought two dozen donuts I'm hoping between that and coffee I can stay away from the beer but just going to the liquor store I feel like I've already failed. I feel like I'm back where I started. Why has this suddenly become so much harder?
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have a sponsor?  Are you working the steps?   Going to meetings?  Helping others?.If your buying beer you're probably well into the danger zone. 
You best get yourself busy. Now you can do the steps or paint the the cupboards. I know what worked for me. Since you're stopping by the aa sub I suspect you know what we will say. You have choices you can go stare at that package in your bedroom or you can get busy. Up to you. I'll think good thoughts for you. 
I bet that's your problem. It sounds like you're suffering from untreated alcoholism   I'd suggest you do something to treat it; I do that by having a sponsor and working the steps.  Here's a good pamphlet. https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-15_Q&amp;AonSpon.pdf..I'd go to at least one meeting a day and look for someone who is my gender has what I want talks about having a sponsor and talks about how working the program of AA is working in their life. When I sound that person I'd go up to them tell them I need a sponsor and ask them if they'd sponsor me.  Every time I've done that I had to ask my higher power for the courage to do that and then do it.  ..Good luck let me know if I can help. Your free to private message me as well.  
Accumulating time without a drink allows the mind and body to heal but provides no assurance of sobriety.  For me the relief from the mental obsession was the result of action and a personality change.  The concept of a daily reprieve from my disease tells me I can relapse at any time if my thoughts and actions veer away from recovery and sobriety.  If I allow (or create) too many stressors in my life I can begin to feel unsteady.  ..Just like in the beginning get the support and help you need to get back on a solid foundation.  When you navigate this temporary rough spot without drinking you will have notched another not - drinking victory which will make the next similar episode easier.  If I am going to learn to stay sober through tough times and challenging phases I will need to encounter tough times and challenging phases.
It's so hard because the work isn't being done. I was exactly where you were at one point. I relapsed after 6 months because I had just been "trying not to drink" basically. Went to meetings talked to a few people but that's about it. It doesn't work if you don't treat it. I try to think of it as cancer. If you show up for the chemo but don't take the chemo then nothing will get done. Get a sponsor work the steps find a higher power help other people. It really is that simple. Meetings weren't meant to keep anyone sober. They were a way to get the message to other alcoholics and create a fellowship. I've now got some years but I KNOW that if I stopped doing those things...I'd slip back to a bad spot and eventually drink. 
Where are you at with the program /steps in the big book?? .  .Without the steps time always made things worse for me... . ."we're not cured if alcoholism what we really have is a DAILY reprieve contingent on the maintenance of our spiritual condition"  .  .Where am I at with God right now?..... 
I also am struggling at about three and a half months.  I've been having a lot of problems with anxiety and thinking about all the things that can go wrong for me as I face a big change in my life.  I actually told my sponsor to take me to the emergency room today because I thought I was on the verge of a panic attack...&amp;#x200B;..I went to a meeting tonight and shared about the anguish I was going through.  People responded and I heard the answer that I was missing what I had been glossing over: service.  It is through stepping outside of self and starting to be concerned with others that your higher power can enter in and start working some spiritual magic...&amp;#x200B;..Is there any way you could be of service?  Well you helped me by sharing on Reddit.
Struggling and being close to a relapse are two different things. I struggle daily in regards to aspects of my life that in the past lead me to drinking. Luckily now I have a solution that helps me to deal with these issues and I don't feel that a drink will help resolve any of the problems I struggle with. One of the first things that I learned in sobriety is that you don't pick up a drink no matter what. Alcoholics are pretty hard headed so it can take a while to get that into our heads but if someone isn't willing to finally say  I've had enough I'm done drinking  then there is not a lot that A.A. can do to help. This sounds fatalistic I know but the willingness to quit has to be there in order for any progress to be made. This doesn't mean that if you do drink that you are a bad person or kicked out of A.A. but many of our type ride the fine line of not wanting to finally rid themselves of their alcoholic thinking and actions. I would only hope that you find a sponsor and can find some relief through working the steps take care!
Many ups and downs in recovery. Sounds like your white knuckling it though. Give yourself a chance and get a sponsor and do the steps... ask your higher power or reach out to whatever you believe in to put someone in your life to guide you through the 12 steps. All the best. 
Checking in to see how you went with the beer and donut situation?! ..The struggle is real my friend. I went a long time without drinks and no some days it's not easier. As someone who lost years of sobriety let me say tho that the worst is yet to come if you drink again. ..Forget all the shiny people here and how it may have felt great drinking **sometimes**. And how they say "the best is yet to come" ..I remember now that when i picked up i hit new lows and revisited some bad memories from the last time which i had forgotten. I remember now that i wasn't actually promised happiness. I was offered a life or death choice. ..And life is fking hard at times. And that's the spiritual aspect the philosophical aspect. Can i try and survive the tough times with a clear mind? Because trust me nothing about life gets better with drinking tough is still tough but with added confusion from alcohol. ..Sorry for the lecture I'm writing to remind myself and also to share that picking up did not help me. Maybe my shit experience could help you? 
Thanks for everyone's advice- for the record last night I ate donuts until I felt like throwing up then fell asleep. Haven't drank the beer I dont want to but i cant bring myself to throw it out either. I'm going to start trying to get a sponsor and working the steps- clearly what I've been doing on my own isn't enough.
