-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9uhz05/my_son_told_me_i_was_a_bad_mom/

I went to prison for drunk driving. I've struggled with alcohol and addiction for 20 years. I made a lot of mistakes i raised my son alone. We had a lot of good times. He never missed school or a dr. Appt. I tried to be responsible. I love him more than anything. He did say it would take 5 minutes to say the bad stuff and forever to say the good stuff. I am haunted by my mistakes. Is this going to be my legacy to my son? Need some advice.
----------immediate responses--------

You're story isn't finished yet keep doing good things? Sounds like a living amends situation.
It will take time but by continuing to do the right thing now that wound will heal. Put the bat away and stop beating yourself up! 
Some of us seek outside help. There is no shame talking to a professional that can help sort out all the clutter in our minds. The steps are important. But sometimes they are not enough. I had to figure out how to forgive myself. That was the most important amends. I'll think good thoughts for you. 
You don't sound like you were a bad mom. My mom was and is a severe alcoholic and I have said some shitty stuff to her in the past. I don't think I ever truly meant it. I don't think your son truly means it either. Being an alcoholic myself has helped me realize that her impulses were often beyond her control. But even if I were not an addict myself I still think I would've eventually realized that she was doing the best that she could. If he doesn't realize that now he will soon enough. You're not a bad mom.
It doesn't matter what you did in the past. What matters is what you do today. Work on being healthy and the rest falls into place.
We are not bad people trying to be good. .  .We are sick people trying to get well. .  .How you will be remembered is based on what you do next. . .Unfortunately as alcoholics even when we are there we are not emotionally present. It's hard to see it in a mirror but it's there. .  .I'm a father of a 4 yr old daughter she has never seen me drunk or drinking 100% thanks to AA..  .When old guys in AA die there are usually hundreds of people attending that truly love and respect the person who died. .  .When active alcoholics die they're lucky if all of the immediate family attend. 
How old is your son?
