-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9vs1no/relapse/

I just relapsed after over 8 months sober and put myself in a really unsafe situation. Im not sure what to think. I just talked to my sponsor for almost half an hour. She doesn't know I was drunk the whole time. At least I dont think she does if she does she didn't say anything. And I didnt tell her...I'm so scared of letting people down and getting bad again. I was doing so well. I was speaking at meetings working my program. I'm the classic case. I don't even know how it happened. As all past experiences have shown me I can't control my drinking. I thought I could beat it this time and drink normally even though time and time again had shown me I can't drink normally. ...I don't even know what to think. I hate this disease. Should I talk to my sponsor? Should I tell her? I want to be honest with her but I don't even know what I would say.. 
----------immediate responses--------

Tell her all this!
I take step 1 everyday.  Honesty in all my relationships has been the suggestion of powers greater than myself.
Tell your sponsor and tell your home group.  The whole of AA will always have your back.  
&gt; I'm so scared of letting people down and getting bad again. ..When the guys I sponsor drink again I don't feel like they let me down.  The reality is that I'm powerless over alcohol in me and in others.  I can't get anyone sober that's their higher power's job just like I had to let my higher power solve my problem.  The deed is done you drank.  Question is are you going to clean it up and move on?..I get it that you're afraid of getting bad again sounds like you're already going down that path.  Question is are you going to do anything?  ..&gt; I don't even know how it happened. ..Yep that's alcoholism.  The book has several examples like this: "As I crossed the threshold of the dining room the thought came to mind that it would be nice to have a couple of cocktails with dinner. That was all. Nothing more. I ordered a cocktail and my meal" and this "Suddenly the thought crossed my mind that if I were to put an ounce of whiskey in my milk it couldn't hurt me on a full stomach. I ordered a whiskey and poured it into the milk. I vaguely sensed I was not being any too smart but felt reassured as I was taking the whiskey on a full stomach. The experiment went so well that I ordered another whiskey and poured it into more milk. That didn't seem to bother me so I tried another.  Thus started one more journey to the asylum for Jim."  My mental twist was "What could one beer hurt?"..&gt;As all past experiences have shown me I can't control my drinking. I thought I could beat it this time and drink normally even though time and time again had shown me I can't drink normally. ..I had plenty of experiences that showed me I could not control my drinking yet I thought this time would be different since I thought I'd really just have one beer this time. That's the mental obsession.  I never had just one; the first sip would trigger the physical craving and it would be the same thing all over again.  ..&amp;#x200B;
