-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9vs796/22_days_sober_need_some_sane_recovery_words_please/

Hi 12 step crew. I've been over on stop drinking and they are supportive and not the tough love that i have received (and benefitted from in my time on 12 step rooms). ..So if i post there that this afternoon I'm facing four days off work and I'm riddled with shame and grief and the "fuck it's" i know they will give me some kind words. ..And i know at the moment i am deep in shame and post blackout fallout - and my upside down ego is likely to dismiss them with some "terminally unique" "poor me you wouldnt understand" nonsense. ..I don't want to do that. And I'm not able to get to a meeting. And of course I'm isolated and un sponsored. All the joys of early recovery - again. ..And after a three year relapse i am more than ever convinced that alcohol solves none of the feeling i have right now. Beyond restless and discontent i am deep in circular thinking about things don't get better. I had seven years painful and confusingly clean and sober. ..I lost more then than i had ever known possible. And just to have some identifying going on three dogs in the last three years. Writing a goddamn country song about it (and I'm not a huge fan) because there dogs gone is too absurdly painful for any other tribute. And it takes my mind off the two good women and the children i was parenting. And my fking dead dad. It's all too ridiculous. Bring out the minor chords and 12 bar blues. Cry because she took my clap tho as well as the dog. ..As you can see this isolation got me locked into listening to ptsd veterans country albums without the whisky. Anyone one got sage advice for me?..Tl;Dr. Bring out your clich s hit me with your prayers and mantras I'm a dry drunk who won't pick up but is seeking some mercy forgiveness or reassurance that my particular asshole self is worth saving. 
----------immediate responses--------

I take step 1 everyday. The big book is available to read or stream for free at aa.org
Ahh ignore me. I'm going to the gym. Never been that person but i don't think I'm fit for human consumption right now. Sorry for doing that thing. Human whinge. 
Morning meetings prepare your day evening meetings repair your day. Go to meetings. I still go to 2 meetings a day 3 years later. Everyone... EVERYONE... Who relapses says the first thing they stopped doing was going to meetings. ..Go to meetings and more will be revealed.
&gt; Anyone one got sage advice for me?..Yep Go to meetings get a sponsor and work the steps. ..&gt; I'm a dry drunk who won't pick up..We'll see. 
If nothing changes nothing changes. Intherooms.org has video meetings non-stop. Get a sponsor-temporary or permanent-your choice. Listen to Joe and Charlie Big Book Study (google it or YouTube it) and have them be your sponsors for now. Help someone else. ..Good luck. 
So I read some comments. You reminded me of a guy I knew who was dry fir 8 years not drinking on will power. He managed to eventually lose everything while not drinking in those 8 years. ..He came to AA because at that point he thought he might be missing something. He did the steps skeptically. He started to be less of an asshole. ..It's a strange thing. The process doesn't make sense to me but it makes my life better. I'm less of an asshole when I do this thing. 
