-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9w8sf0/last_sunday_i_took_my_boyfriend_to_detox_he_had/

Very long story short... he was in rehab 30+ years ago sober until 2 years ago.  Only started drinking heavily the last 6 months but it went downhill fast.   He is now sober 7 days.   Since being sober the first time he went to over 6000 AA meetings so that is clearly what works (he stopped going about 8 or 9 years ago).  My question is this.   He is having such a hard time finding some type of rehab. (I am helping but he is doing 90% of the work.) His ins will approve outpatient.   We are in NYC so there are a ton of options.  However he keeps running into programs for people who have never become sober for a long time (so relapse every few months) heavy drug users or programs dealing with moderation.  He needs help with his kids and help dealing with work.  CBT?   The dr we spoke to said that outpatient is often more successful than inpatient.  He is currently going to 2-3 AA meetings a day and has reconnected with AA people from years ago and found a sponsor.   I think this is more about dealing with the things that make him want to drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello...Yes. I had to deal with why I drank...For me it was negativity from past. I took alcohol out. I no longer had a drinking problem. I had a thinking problem. I had to go from negative to positive thinking...I can't have dark and light in a room at same time...I can't be happy and unhappy at same time...So I am happy contented and at peace. I don't need or desire a drink.  I don't even think a drink. ..  
I'm a big believer in AA sponsors can help with step work and getting to the root of problems but therapy is a great thing to do as well. Good luck!
My personal thoughts from working in drug treatment industry:..Being accountable to some form of outpatient or intensive outpatient program is important in early sobriety. Also it really doesn't matter if the program is geared towards chronic relapsers or not. I've dealt with people who have relapsed after many years sobriety for only a short period and kids who can't put more than a month sobriety together. The clinical staff at any center should be able to work with him on a plan that is applicable to his specific situation. ..That being said-He's doing the most important thing for his sobriety and overall happiness- getting a sponsor and going through the steps. .
What will going to rehab again teach him?  It sounds like he has the knowledge of what works if practiced.
A lot has changed in the way people are treated in rehab now vs when he got sober the last time...It sounds to me like hes making excuses as to why he doesnt need to be there instead of listening to what the people are saying and him finding something in there that can help him. It hard to face ourselves after a relapse when shame and guilt are at the their peak. ..Take it from me as someone who is fresh out of sober living no one who makes it to rehab doesnt belong there. Whether its IOP or a full on 12 step bootcamp if you made it there there is a pretty good chance you're supposed to be there.
Check out Alanon. See /r/Alanon. It is a support group for you--friends and family of alcoholics. 
