-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9wnvdz/no_war_stories_spoke_at_a_meeting_tonight_and_it/

I really DO NOT like speaking at regular meetings. I can't stand war stories and that's how I view 99.9% of speaker meetings. So when I spoke tonight I actually lead off saying "I'm not going to tell war stories or my history. What I will tell you is why I became an alcoholic how I found the rooms and what I do today to manage not only my alcoholism but also my depression". Honestly I thought everyone was going to walk out but everyone stayed. Afterwards every person actually said that they liked the fact that I didn't tell war stories and stayed in the solution. One man even said that he has been having problems identifying with people cause of the war stories but really identified with me with the struggles I've had with my depression and feeling of self worth...&amp;#x200B;..I usually only speak at rehabs and detoxes cause I didn't think that the no "war story" speaker meeting would fly in the rooms but this kind of proved it to me that I can identify on a deeper level with people if I leave out the war stories and focus on the issues that caused me to become an alcoholic.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting this.  It happened to me in a very similar way   Depression was my biggest issue and thinking the drink was the answer caused my spiral.  I hope you do more leads  
In my city it is actually frowned upon to talk about war stories and for many good reasons.  And so our meetings end up quite abstract and feelings oriented I think they relate to people more on a deeper level than war stories do so I'd say go ahead share why you think is going to connect the most with newcomers  
I actually enjoy the war stories. They help me remind myself why not to drink. I also just enjoy stories. That being said I respect your opinion and more importantly kudos to you for speaking and getting positive feedback after the meeting. 
That's awesome! The cool thing about sharing your story is you can do what you think is best. I agree that war stories can get really old and aren't super useful. My sponsor always tells me to quickly qualify myself so people understand that I'm one of them and talking about the feelings surrounding my rock bottom is best. After I've done that I should be 90% in the solution. So really quick what it was like but then go deep on what happened and what it's like now.  
Thank you for this. Where I got sober it was always stressed regardless of time for a speaker  get sober quick.  What this meant was share enough of your experience to qualify for your seat and identify for the newcomer but a majority of your share should be about the solution. 
I hear ya on the speaker meetings.. It gets even worse if you have a few speakers in a row the stories get more and more grandiose. What's most odd to me is how serious people are about not telling war stories when normally sharing but it's totally cool for someone to talk about how they did more drugs and drank more alcohol than anyone who's ever existed for 45 minutes during a speaker meeting.
Yeah lots of times speakers will give a drunkalog.  A good speaker gives experience strength and hope.  You are right a lot of speakers seem to get stuck on experience during there speech.  I try not to judge though as i got a crippling fear of talking in front of a room of people...NA is much better about addressing that issue they straight out say we don't give a crap how much you use to use we all know how to use already.
AA members are generally courteous to speakers. You could talk about your problems with depression your insistence on doing things differently knitting or your aversion to cold weather and no one would walk out...And a few people would thank you afterwards saying that knitting was hard for them too.
I am actually put off by this attitude. The people that get up and tell their story at AA meetings are not professional speakers and they are just telling their story. I have been doing meetings at Detox/Rehab/Jails for quite a long time and never give the same story. I just walk in and sit or stand and let my story go where ever I happen to be on that day. Most of the speaker meetings that I attend have very little in the way of war stories and more about what it was like what happened and mostly where they are today.
Newcomers tend to look for differences in AA. Reasons they don't belong. Reasons to cling to their old ideas and remain stuck in their same habits. Though they will not tell you that oftentimes because they do not see it in themselves until many years later when they are healthy...When we come into AA we can all relate on some things such as loneliness misery depression hopelessness etc. which are all very human conditions. ..We may have a harder time relating to the circumstances preceding and surrounding those conditions because they can look very different. Not everyone has been to jail for instance but the feelings that person had in jail are similar to those feelings had by a person sitting inside his bedroom for the 4th straight day...It is important those newcomers find similarities rather than differences and giving an honest account of our own story can help do our part...&amp;#x200B;
I usually start my qualifications by saying "I'm not going to talk a lot about what happened before I got sober. I assume everyone here knows how to drink too much and screw their life up."..We are here to get sober through the program of Alcoholics Anonymous as written in the first 164 pages of the Big Book. No one knows "why" they became an alcoholic and it really doesn't matter. The thing to be grateful for is knowing that I AM an alcoholic and have found the rooms and program.
Recovery Recovery Recovery...Love this. ..Try being in country area. 6 or 7 members  No licence Next nearest meeting 90 Minuits by car away...Same old I drank this that. What ever...I was supposed to get sober. ..Realy...Keep up the great work my friend. ..John     
Sounds like you did a good thing. For me I always consider that line which says "we share in a general matter what we were like... etc." as suggesting that we don't get too specific about the types of things we did. For me it's about why I drank and what I felt like on the inside and generally how I felt about the way the world treated me and the way I reacted back. Someone once pointed out to me that when I get into detail about the volume and type of booze I drank the drugs I took and the horrible no good stuff I did my share could actually drive a real alcoholic out of the meeting when they think "golly I never did any of that stuff I must not be an alcoholic."
