-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9xrwse/rant_stop_using_the_word_recovered/

Heard that word too many times from too many people who then relapse. I really wish they would take that word out of the BB. People get it confused... They think it means that they have recovered from alcoholism when it's "who have re-.covered from a seemingly hopeless state of mind and body." That's it... It says NOTHING about recovering from alcoholism. Seriously... Put aside your EGO and stop saying that word you are confusing newcomers and killing them.
----------immediate responses--------

Ok I disagree. It says it on very the first page of the book. And many times throughout.  I say I'm recovered - I've gone through this process and have had a spiritual awakening as a result - but I'm not cured. I'll never be. That's the distinction.  ..Newcomers are gonna be confused by many things anyway.  Just speak the program as it shown to you. It was shown to me by people serious about the book and that's what I speak.  But to each their own. 
Resentment?
I get where you're coming from and cringe when i hear some newish guy who's barely through the steps start going on and on about being "recovered". So many of them end up drinking again from what I've seen. When my sponcees ask about this I just say "watch and learn but keep your focus on your own program". However I don't know how other people "should" act or what words they should use. Thinking I do is a really big part of the bondage of self and what feeds the irritability restlessness and discontent that would take me back to the first drink. I do know for myself though that the only part of me that would have any interest WHATSOEVER in claiming I'm recovered is my ego. So for myself I never use the word.
I use the word because I am. I don't know what else to tell you. ..On second thought here's something else: an early sponsor was a militant BB thumper. He was adamant that we either take the steps or we don't. There's no  working  them. Similarly he harped on the clear use of  recovered  not  recovering.  He'd say it makes no sense for someone with years and years sober to describe themselves as recovering. Like are you gonna do the deal already or not?  I don't entirely agree with his assessment but it's a contrary perspective for you from a hardcore back-to-basics type. ..And semantics is not killing newcomers sheesh.
I choose to use "recovering" as it's a life-long process and I hope I'm never finished with improving myself. I'm sober and well this 24-hours and grateful for that. .........
Its going to be ok. Just remember you can only control you
I also say recovered as it says in the Big Book. I am also reminded that while I have recovered from a hopeless state of mind and body that my daily reprieve is contingent on the maintenance of my spiritual condition. I have recovered and I continue to work steps 10 11 and 12 to keep it that way.
I can say without a doubt I am recovered. ..I was an alcoholic from day 1. 17 years of solid drinking. The only 2 yets for me. Prison and death...I escaped both only just...In sobriety I have lost every thing...Business  vehicle drivers licence moved house declared bankrupt.  My wife passed on. And heaps more...Now try to tell me I am not recovered...Now AA may not be the only way. And you don't have to go as far down as I did...But if you wish to stop and know a freedom and happiness I know...It took work on myself.  Brutal honesty with myself and others.  It took an about face turn.  A change of attitude.  A change of thinking. ..Today I am pleased to call myself " A happy sober "Recovered" member of AA" ..End of story.
you don't think you can recover from a condition but then get sick again?
Call your sponsor. 
Sounds like people aren't following your script.  Read pages 60-63 follow the subsequent directions and call your sponsor.  
lol@killing newcomers over the word recovered. Look who is talking about ego. Stop trying to control people and work on YOUR program. I get a kick out of the hardcore AA's who act like their words alone can keep a newcomer sober. Ever hear the saying "you can't say anything right to someone who doesn't want to get sober and you can't say anything wrong to someone who does"?
I remember wanting to rewrite parts of the Big Book also.  I got over it.
I think of myself as in recovery or recovering. Trying to get it right one day at a time. I am definitely not cured. If others want to say that they are recovered then that is their own call and not mine. 
