-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9y96zd/i_relapsed_and_it_feels_like_im_going_thru_a/

i was 9.5 months. i feel awful more internal not physical and my mind has solely focused on my failure. this is my first time getting sober and everyone around me was so proud. i don't want to start over. i feel defeated powerless and am literally crying like a baby. this feeling is close to or is true grief since i took my sobriety so seriously. i'm heartbroken. thanks for reading everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

Why do you think you relapsed and what do you think you will do differently?
This too shall pass
A relapse doesn't start with the first drink. It's starts when you start obsessing over alcohol. When you obsess over it and get it in your head then you start trying to rationalize all the reasons why you can or should have alcohol. When you find yourself thinking about alcohol call a sponsor or friend. Redirect your thinking. You made it back this time. Next time you go out you might not. I have 3 yrs sober and if I were to go back out I just don't know if I would make it back and that's not a chance I can take. Take heart   this too shall pass. Quit beating yourself up. Yeah you screwed up put it behind and keep moving forward.
Well done for coming back. I don't feel like this is starting over. In 9.5 months you learned so much that you can bring into play now. You know how to do this one day one hour or one minute at a time. Don't be so hard on yourself. You can afford to be gentle with yourself and in a week or so when the foggy feeling is gone you can take some time to learn from this episode. The important thing is that we show up and that is what you are doing today and today is all we have. You got this and I will not drink with you today  
You don't have to start over. You had 9.5 months of sobriety. No one can take that away from you. The way to make the best of a relapse is to learn from it. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. A sponsor and working the steps is critical to achieving the necessary personal growth. A therapist was also helpful to me. ..All we have is one day at a time. Stay sober today or the rest of the day. You can be proud of what you accomplished. Be proud that you had the courage to post this!..Here's a thought: Relapse happens before we pick up the drink. When did yours start? ..What can you do differently so this doesn't happen again? ..Figure these things out and you're a winner!
Usually we grieve for the loss of the thing that used to get us through - the alcohol.  Alcohol was my best friend.  I lost that friend 8 years ago - it was a relationship that wasn't very good for me.
9.5 months is NOT wasted. Don't stop to feel bad just shake it off and keep trying. When we stop trying is when we are really defeated. Its not the end for you just the beginning.
Don't be afraid to catch feels. One of my favorite Calvin Harris tunes. I cried a bunch in my early sobriety as I had a deep sense of loss for the alcohol that was probably going to kill me.  I grasped onto the idea that my life was going to get better one day at a time and it did. 
