-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9yhfcm/here_to_help_tell_me_your_problems_if_you/

Hi guys..If you are someone struggling with alcohol abuse I would love to hear about your problems. ..It can be about anything e.g. Is the treatment out there good enough? Is there preventative methods that you think could be put in place for people suffering from alcoholism? Have you any ideas that could improve the outcome for alcoholics?..I'm doing a thesis on alcoholism so any help would be greatly appreciated!
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have any formal training in substance abuse or the field of addiction?
Many answers here likely wont hold up scientifically since most of us speak to our own personal experience. I got sober at 22 after hitting my bottom which was more mental/emotional than physical. I use AA and have very limited experience with rehabs/treatment programs but I think AA has a higher success rate than usually discussed. ..I dont know about prevention but I think the single biggest hurdle is stigma. An alcoholic isnt necessarily a homeless guy drinking out of a brown paper bag it can be a suicidal co-ed a soccer mom a high powered judge. I think the fear of judgment and lack of knowledge of resources is what needs to be improved for more alcoholics to get help and stay in recovery. 
All I know is that I was a slave to alcohol and I came to AA and followed the suggestions in the book with a man who had done the same and I haven't drank or wanted to in 24 years. I've helped others do the same and when they take it seriously and do the work drinking "goes away" for them too. No problems really. Good luck with your thesis though!
It depends on what level of sobriety you are looking for.  If you are looking for many years I cant help you but I went from being a staunch Athiest with no respect for God to a complex/very rocky relationship with "something" pretty quickly and it wasn't due to "brainwashing" which is all I thought the program was about initially...I was diagnosed with Alcoholic Hepatitis and given 6 months to a year to live in April at 30 years old with a 90% mortality rate which scared the ever living fuck out of me and I swore off Alcohol forever.  It kept me sober for 13 days.  I continued drinking until August 27 2018 when I woke up in the back seat of my car in a random parking lot 6 hours late for work and I drove straight to O'Neill Nebraska to Valley Hope treatment center for 25 days and door to door to a three-quarter way house. ..I am extremely honest and open about my experience and the only things I wont share with you are the really heinous things in my 4th step but otherwise I have no political agenda and am more than happy to share my story with you.
Here to help? Or here to gather anecdotes for a thesis?  How is telling you problems supposed to help? Weird post. 
Hey there - I'd be willing to help...  I am a corporate executive who has an MBA and haven't yet hit rock bottom...  And have no intention to.  If I would only follow the simple (but not easy) program outlined by AA I too will be a miracle.   I have had 3 DUIs resulting in lifetime revocation of my driver's license and have done a total of 5 months in jail and 2 stints in rehab.   I am currently 14 days sober and struggle from minute to minute...   I have seen the miracles AA has to offer and I am determined to be one of them.    Ever seen those cartoons with the angel on one shoulder and the devil on the other?  That's what my alcoholism looks like...   Whichever shoulder I'm giving my attention to determines whether I pick up the bottle or not.   I have to be spiritually fit to succeed..  But sometimes the devil wins.    I keep coming back however..  One day it will stick..  So far for 14 days it has.  One day at a time.
Exactly how are you here to help? Tell me your problems and you are going to help? Help with what and how?
This is inappropriate for an AA group.   You aren't offering help you are doing research. Reddit is not a scholarly resource and you have no idea if people are being honest. As an academic I can promise you that any info you get from reddit would not be accepted in a scholarly paper.
Go to open AA speaker meetings.  You can get your stories there.
