-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ykfud/psychedelic_therapy_for_alcoholicsbirds_on_mars/

Hello AA friends has anyone experienced a full recovery from alcoholism from a single LSD journey? Bill W. advocated for LSD Therapy to be included in AA in the 50's but the War On Drugs and irresponsible usage by fringe members of society made this impossible but no more! ..25 years of battling alcoholism left me with little to be proud of. At 48 years old I thought to quit one last time but this time I did something different I used psychedelics basically I re-wired my brain. ..I began to Microdose 3 years ago first with psilocybin or magic mushrooms then later on with LSD. When I started I had no idea that complete salvation was just 6 months away. By following a consistent  Microdose protocol for 6 months my cravings completely diminished...I noticed that alcohol no longer figured into my life or my thinking.  The chains were off.  After 1 year of Microdosing I needed to go to a restaurant/bar in the evening to meet my girlfriend's father and his wife for the first time. A somewhat stressful situation but after a pleasant meal and good conversation I returned home and it hit me! For 2 hours I had been surrounded by people drinking and carrying on and I had not even noticed there was alcohol in the room. It did not factor in. ..My brain was fixed re-wired and it remains so to this day. Since then Psychedelic Therapy has become my work hobby joy love and salvation. ..So I know that Microdosing psychedelics can cure alcoholism. But I had heard that single large doses could also have the same effect but did not really believe it until I received the following testimonial from a dear client of mine who had been Microdosing for 4 months I then sent her a 150mic tab of LSD in hopes she would venture deeper in her healing. ..2 weeks later I received the following testimonial  ..Terry New Brunswick- I have been struggling with alcohol since I was 12 no joke . So basically I drink alone when my kids go to bed etc . My husband works away and we camp all summer so it's a s**t show all summer too with all of our friends . It's been getting out of hand for a while. So skip to the night of the lsd. I was having my wine and decided to try the lsd. I basically started to look at all my pictures in my house of me and my kids etc and just thought what am I doing with my life  my kids are so amazing I'm wasting so much time and feeling like s**t. Plus I saw my grandmothers hands melt into mine and she always wanted me to quit drinking   the next  morning I was still fuzzy we just had such a slow relaxing morning. It was just like I woke up saw how amazing my kids are and something snapped. So I ended up drinking that night when a friend came over but it just wasn't the same . The next morning I woke up feeling like absolute s**t and feeling like a terrible person so I made the call to AA and it's been a week to the day since I had a drink and I can't even say I went a day in years . Something has changed in me and I know it was the lsd . I feel happy again and it's great !! ..Now is the time my friends join the Next Wave: Microdose/Macrodose Psychedelics for Healing  
----------immediate responses--------

So... you're a drug dealer?
Could you elaborate more on your experiment did you read any AA literature attended any AA .Meetings under the influence of LSD? Did you work on any step work with a sponsor under the influence of lsd? How do you intend on prevent the rebuilding of the ego without lsd? How will you help a newcomer without lsd. Bill W tried Lsd because he still had a  bad bout of depression. Will Lsd be part of your daily reprieve to remain sober or will let it rest on your laurels since you dont have a cravings?
Yes I've done the 12 steps my friend was in AA for 4 years moved over to Smart Recovery then psychedelic healing 
Bill W did LSD as a part of a research program under the supervision of trained professionals (it was in a VA hospital in Los Angeles). Random experiments without help around in case of problems is risky. Then there is also legal jeopardy involved with this method...A lot of research is going on into various psychedelics for various problems. For myself I wouldn't jump in and self experiment. If it gets to the point where a clinic around me has a perfected method and protocols is when I'd start considering treatment with psychedelics.
I'll just stick with the program outlined in the Big Book thanks!
So how's business?
I noticed I drank less when I was tripping on acid but the reduction didn't last long. ..I also tried to drink less by snorting that old school biker crank.  I lost a lot of sleep over that. 
