-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ylel6/hi_everyone_chronic_relapser_detoxing_again_after/

You'd think my dumb arse would learn by now but nope. Went on a 3 day bender cold turkeying again. They took my close friend off life support so I tried to make friends with booze again to ease the pain. All it does is bring more pain though.  ...I'm in a safe place but I feel like the sudden stop is doing weird things to me this time. People say its dangerous to quit without supervision but financially (and without health insurance) I can't go do it. I still have alcohol in the house. Is it safer to taper than it is to cold turkey?   ...I don't wanna make excuses to drink just need this monkey off my back. I take clonazepam (prescribed) and that helped a bit but the shaking and sweating still going strong. And my mouth twitches like crazy when I try to talk.  ...Thank you in advance
----------immediate responses--------

See a doctor. What are you planning to do differently so this is the last detox? 
My suggestion is to see a doctor go to 90 meetings in 90 days get a sponsor and work the steps. 
I took clonazepam for 5 years. It counteracted the anxiety of alcohol &amp; allowed me to keep drinking. Dangerous combo. 
I hope you read of remember this once you get out of the immediate woods. For me I never had meaningful sobriety until I made and maintained recovery as the #1 thing in my life. Literally nothing can come before it. It wasn't until I was given the gift of desperation that I was able to make this happen.
Most counties have a country run detox and rehab that is free... Here in Broward County in South Florida we have BARC see if you have one in your county or state you can call any hospital or your local non-emergency number and they can give you the information...Now that that is out of the way. You need that fucking EGO of yours cut down. I don't take lightly to people who think that chronically relapsing is acceptable and fucking bragging about it. Either surrender and cut the shit or stop wasting everyone's time who is trying to help you and stay out. Decision is yours. 
Anyways thank you to all for the advice. I've been alcohol free for a week now. I do apologize if anyone thought I came here to stir up drama. NOT my intention.
