-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ym0d7/21_years_old_56_shots_of_vodka_every_night/

In need of some help and advice. This is my first time posting to any subreddit because I am truly afraid...I am 21 years old. For the last 2-3 years I've been struggling with alcohol. For the past year I've been drinking 5-6 shots of vodka every single night. I have no issues at home no relationship issues I'm doing well at my university and I'm advancing in my career. Alcohol has not caused any negative things in my social or professional life...I don't drink during the day only at night...I am afraid that my health is starting to become affected by my drinking and I want to stop. I am going to stop today and I have told myself that...What are y'alls opinions out there? Do you think 5-6 drinks of vodka every night for the last year has taken a big toll on my body and should I see a doctor? Any advice to help cope with quitting. Thank you guys so much. I'm 21 and know I have a huge life ahead of me if I stop now.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you already hit the threshold of DT's? Sweating shaking hallucinations that all seem to temporarily go away with another drink but gradually get worse again? I'm going through DTs from cold turkey today and I don't in anyway represent AA and I'm not a medical professional. But if your body doesn't let you go a day without a drink I'm gonna share the advice I was just given. See a doctor. Since you drink only at night (no hair of the dog stuff) you're doing ok but cold turkeying would be bad. Man I was 21 and already drinking daily but it wasn't til my 30's (I'm 35 now) that the physical addiction took hold. How do you feel when you're not drinking?
When I was 30 I was drinking about 4 drinks after work every day. One day I decided to drink more and I felt so sick I felt like I was dying and went to the hospital. I quit drinking for a while. I started drinking normally (1-2 drinks on occasion). I didn't have any trouble until a couple years ago (I am 37 years old now)...I started drinking more than 2 drinks after work. After a while that wasn't enough to feel the way I wanted to feel and I was drinking at least 4 drinks. After a while that wasn't enough to produce the effect I wanted so I drank more. And more and more. Eventually I was blacking out. Eventually I was getting into trouble while blacked out. I realized I didn't like the consequences so I tried to quit. This time I couldn't quit. I tried and failed many times. I tried going to a therapist but that didn't help me quit...I finally gave up trying to quit on my own and went to A.A...I'm not going to lie I really didn't want to go to A.A.  but I was determined to quit so I listened to people in meetings and did what other people with long term sobriety did. I got a big book I got a sponsor I worked the 12 steps. Again I really didn't want to do any of this stuff but I wanted to quit really bad. I was willing to do anything...My cravings went away. My obsession to drink went away. I have been sober over a year. I have never felt in danger of taking another drink. Before AA i couldn't trust myself. Now i don't ever worry about alcohol. The 12 step program of AA really works. It worked for me and many others. ..You don't ever have to suffer from drinking again. 
Well on the plus side you're still taking shots and haven't graduated to pulls straight from the bottle until falling asleep them more once waking up to tamp down the headache :)   ...You can have that though if you keep working for it.
Unless you have some other underlying condition or you did something to exacerbate the damage (like taking tylenol with the alcohol) it is unlikely your drinking has done serious damage (yet).  Still wouldn't hurt to see a doctor and better to stop now before it fucks your life up because it will only get worse as time goes on.  
I did that at 21. Tried to white-knuckle it because I thought I was too young for AA. I wasn't and regular meeting attendance has been the most sanity-restoring thing to me. I'm just over six months now at 23 and for the first time in years look forward to the rest of my life.
It's more difficult for someone younger like you. I went to AA at 20yrs old. By then I was drinking about a fifth of vodka per day (please don't wait for that; it's really bad for your health). I'll bet there are a lot of people here that wish they found the program earlier. Depending on where you are there are likely meetings tailored to young people. Hope to see ya soon...
