-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ysmho/36_hours_without_a_drink_and_struggling/

I am at work today. Most of my team knows I am an alcoholic and have seen me try to quit. This is the first time that I have ever truly felt quitting. I'm shaking I'm tired and I cant focus. Anyone have any tips?
----------immediate responses--------

Lots of people like to do it with the help of some Librium but that's kind of a silly concept to me. Make sure you eat very well for the next few days and stay hydrated. Avoid caffeine and excessive amounts of salt. It's important to stay relatively active but don't do anything over the top I've seen people have seizures by going too hard. You can't speed up this process but you can definitely slow it down. Good luck I fucking despise that week. Maybe I'll quit putting myself through it eventually.
See a psychiatrist about the symptoms they can give you something to make the detox process manageable. You can do this!
Detox is a rough road and the only thing that ever makes it right is time. It took a good 6 months for my mind to clear but I still have physical issues from my years of drinking. The thing is depending how much you drank and for how long are factors in it. The dr might need to be consulted for a proper detox. Otherwise the old timers taught me 2 tablespoons of honey in 8 oz Of oj helps. Keep coming back one day at a time and be safe.
What's bugging you? Fears dishonest and resentment will cause slips. Do a step 4 grudge list for resentments asap and follow how to deal with them and then find someone to talk about it with. Pray for strength.
The good news is that this can be the last time to detox; I found a way out in AA.  The recipe for success is 90 meetings in 90 days getting a sponsor and working the steps.  
You are experiencing alcohol withdraw.  I am not trying to scare you but it is dangerous to detox off of alcohol.  You could potentially have serious medical complications from it.   Fluids and all that stuff is part of the solution but please speak to a medical professional about this.  Right away.  
The only thing that really works is time but having been through detox several times here are somethings that helped:..\- Take Super B12 Complex or at least B1. Alcoholics tend to be defiicient in B vitamins and B1 (Thiamin) helps protect the brain during and after detox. They always made me take it in detox...\- Start taking a multivitamin...\- Drink A LOT of water. I mean constantly. Gatorade is a good idea too...\- Talk to your doctor about medications that can help. For me taking Trazodone which is non-habit forming helped enormously with sleep which is often a mess for a long time in recovery. Also medications like gabapentin can help with anxiety and seizure prevention. Detox can be very dangerous. I had seizures and DTs and I'm only in my 20s. It's definitely smart to talk to a doctor about medications that can help. Librium did help me but I would only take it if you are in a center and supervised...\- GET TO AA. It saved my life and was the only thing that worked long time...&amp;#x200B;..Don't give up! The first 48 hours are usually the worst so you're almost through it. Once you get through the worst of it it just keeps getting better and better. You cannot imagine how incredible it feels to sleep like a normal person and not wake up every morning in a panic feeling like you are dying. When you come through something like this and get sober every day becomes a gift. I was an end stage alcoholic and at 122 days I am no longer obsessed with alcohol. I don't think about it at all...&amp;#x200B;..Feel free to message me if you need someone to talk to...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
I never made it through those times (the shaking uncontrollable thoughts hell...) without drinking as soon as I could (after work). A medical detox is soooooo much more "comfortable". Please check into it.  
I'm not sure what your drink of choice was mine was beer and in those first days of recovery (18 months ago) my craving to drink was actually a genuine thirst which I satiated with sparkling/soda water...Your blood sugar levels are crashing so maybe chocolate/ice cream should be your new best friends!..The book "Living Sober" is brilliant and I would highly recommend you getting a copy...One hour at a time if necessary. You can do this!
The rapacious creditor Alcohol. It robbed me of all self-sufficiency. Mental &amp; physical. You're my hero for working through. Please stick with the program as you're helping me and those you share to stay sober..  I can never forget the debt that I owe this program and its steps. Thank you.
All your life you have built a set of skills to survive. .You just found out they are actually killing you faster! Your mind is set in it's old ways and wants to fix everything with a drink. Things are going to be uncomfortable for sure.  But now's the time to make new rules that will really left you survive the long road ahead. The hardest part for me was changing the way I talked to myself. If I was mean to me then I was mean to others around me. If you can. Try to remember to care for other's as if they were a sick friend. Only way to do that is to start caring for yourself. We(alcoholics) can be so self judgemental of the things we've done in the name of a good time. It leaves a empty hole in your heart. Changing is easy. It's not changing back that's the hard part.  Stay were your feet are. Be mindful of the moment.  When you look around at the faces that are in your life. See how you could make there life better. Even in the smallest of ways (Lots of doors to opened out there). The old timers say if you want to know HOW to get though tough times it's. H.onestly. O.penness. W.illingness. Drinking was my best friend but he got in the drivers seat one day when I was passed out. Now that I've run out of gas I got to take the wheel and put this beast back on the high road. Granted the old bottle drove off road for a stint and now your head lights are covered and you can't see what's up ahead. You turn on your radio(cell phone) and tune in to any staion( call a friend in the program) for a weather update. See your not sure how your going to see to get back to your road but then a voice. Telling you your not alone in all this. Also you don't have to be alone anymore. This way they say. Help is on the way. Just keep coming back. Why. Why would they care at all you say. If they really knew what I had done. It could never be forgiven. Just then the will to push this broken wreak any further clamps down and the emergency brake is locked. Winds pick up and the dust burns your eyes. Failure is a good friend of yours and a welcome cheerleader of your not going to make it. As You tend to fall back into the old ways you sit behind the wheel as the storm rages around you. You have nothing left but to wait for the enviable death that awaits you. Why not change the station to something else you think to yourself. CouldCouldn't be any thing on. Remember your in a desert alone looking for that next drink and not a sole around. But you hear a tune. Give it back to keep it. Weird but ok. Nothing else to do before death come knocking. You push the door open and now the desert has turned into a meeting with friendly face and lots of names to remember. Then the hardest question of your life. " Do you know how to make coffee?" Uh yeah I can do that. Is there anything else I can do while she coffee is brewing? I say. Yeah now that you've asked ..... Bam 30 days later. They ask who wants a coin and up pops your hand. How did I get here you ask as a group all responds "ONE DAY AT A TIME!"
Go to the Doctor 
It is super hard! The thing that worked for me is to keep chugging strong drinks. Like kombucha or strong flavored redbulls etc. Gave me a pick me up and a distraction! I always keep a bottle of water with me at all times with tons of energy drink packets. Sure it's not the healthiest but neither is drinking lol. The strong flavor and constant drinking kept me focused on something else
Just walking through the alcohol dept of the local supermarket with the wife and felt the need to hydrate so cold sparkling mineral water it is !
Have you hit any meetings? 
You should contact a doctor about getting Librium or Ativan to help with withdrawal symptoms. You are in danger of seizures at the moment. ..It's almost 2019 suffering is optional these days. Go see a doctor. Immediately.
Hiya congrats.  I know it doesn't mean a ton but I am proud of you!  We are proud of you. We have been in a similar position and it was only because some old gray haired people kept cheering me on that I was able to continue.  ..If it gets really bad go hang out at a homeless shelter that has AA meetings. You want to see how bad it can get? You still have access to a computer. Those low bottom people always used to help me keep it in perspective. 
Congrats that is a long time! The first week was the hardest for me my body hurt my emotions where full swing and the most nagging mental urge "to do something" i.e. Get a drink. Once that time has past I realized I was sort of bored therefore boring... so I had to do things that where exhilarating like sharing my feelings at meetings working out and going on long scenic bicycle rides. Anyway the point of my ramble is to stay busy busy busy. Do anything to push the voice out of your head that commands you cave into craving. ..Good luck! I am routing for you!
Just to give everyone an update. It seems that hours 36 to 46 were the worst. I hit the gym last night which was a terrible idea being at a huge calorie deficit and dealing with this. I pushed through it crushed some lean meat and veggies last night and I am in a much better physical condition this morning.  ...That being said the urge has come back but this is where my support system can have my back. Thank you to everyone who provided feedback and advice I appreciate it.
