-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ytewf/i_didnt_stop_at_the_liquor_store_on_my_home_from/

Week nights are especially a struggle for me since I have to pass directly by the liquor store to get home from work. I always start out strong telling myself tonight I won't stop. Last night I held strong! I told myself I can go home and go to bed what will I really get out of drinking tonight anyway? I know this is a small victory and it will get harder each night for awhile but I am proud of myself and although I didn't sleep well at all I feel so much better this morning than I have in months! Day 2 I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

It may be that you discover you can't not drink by yourself.  I hope you don't discover that but if you do AA can help. 
I spoke to my mother and wife all the way home for this very reason. Keep it up...&amp;#x200B;
I'm on day 2 as well with a similar struggle. Being stuck in rush traffic every evening makes stopping at the store on the way home extremely tempting. Good luck to you!
I did the same also walking into a super market instead of a liquor store I would see the huge ass liquor dept and freak. One day I didn't even notice the liquor. Win win win
I had this problem too when I first got sober the drive home was a huge trigger for me. I got a list of numbers from an AA meeting and called people to talk to them while on my way home. 
I live next door to the beer shop and I know your pain. Thankfully they close at 9pm and I cannot drink and drive because illegal. I hope you manage it again tomorrow   
Congratulations!!  Celebrate every day that you don't drink.
Instead of getting harder AA makes it easier for me to drive by the liquor store.  I remember the white knuckles and the fear that the truck would make me go in there.  ...AA is the easier softer way.
Why don't you take another way home...
You're talking like drinking is an even an option my friend. Drinking for alcoholics means certain misery and hopelessness. ..Recovery isn't so much about making it through anything without drinking it's just living your life as if alcohol never had a hold of you in the first place...If you work the steps and get that spiritual awakening and psychic change you won't have to just make it through anymore. You will know freedom and peace from alcohol like you never have before. ..Alcohol isn't so much the problem as is the thinking that leads one to the drink in the first place. ..Keep coming around and more will be revealed to you. 
I like to laugh and give them the finger.  All of them.  It's a game I play.
 What will I really get out of drinking tonight?  - That hit me. This makes so much sense and I have never thought of it this way. Thank you for that!
Congratulations! Little victories are still victories my friend. Stay strong you have a whole community behind you rooting for your success!
Our sobriety depends on our spiritual condition. We MUST be free of fear dishonesty selfishness and resentment and help other addicts. 
Victory!
You're not alone. You can do this! ..One of the things that stuck with me in the early days was the idea that you never hear anyone say they regret getting sober.   .
One for one!.
First I want to say congratulations man. I know that feeling. This post made me feel a lot better about what I'm dealing with. That there is hope for people starting out. I went to my first A.A. meeting the other day. Everyone had been sober for so long in there. And I'm in my head like I don't even know what to say. I drank the night before. They were all so welcoming but I felt like they wouldn't take me seriously if I said I'd been sober for 16 hours. I went home and drank. Felt worthless the next day and decided not to drink and I'm drinking a day later. I just don't know how to start this. It fucking sucks because I want so bad to be sober but I can't picture me living without drinking. This post turned into a ramble and I'm sorry but I got discouraged because everyone I've talked to has been sober for so long and it just feels like I don't know how to take that first step. I guess it feels a lot more like a leap. 
