-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9z7she/i_am_an_alcoholic_but_still_struggling_with_step_1/

Met up with my sponsor today &amp; I think he can sense I am having a little trouble with step 1. Although I can admit that I am an alcoholic &amp; I am powerless over alcohol there's some kind of hesitance which I am finding hard to explain. ..I have been trying to figure it out in my head. It's as if I am not fully willing to admit it even though I know I am. This sounds stupid to be honest but that's how I feel...I think it may have something to do with fear. Because I have relied on alcohol for so long as my crutch when I face bad times I think it's holding me back. It's as if I know that if i fully admit it then I will lose this crutch / safety net &amp; I am scared shitless of facing the fear or having to manage life without the crutch...Does this make sense?..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely! I totally relate to this! I'm going to assume you are still relatively new in sobriety hit a meeting every day (I'm sure there are alcothons near you tonight/tomorrow) hit a bunch!  Don't over think it right now just don't drink and let the miracle happen. With a little time and some solid self assessment you'll get there
Step 2 next
Do you think you have a reservation? Meaning in the back of your head you're saying if the right circumstances present themselves you'll drink? If so work hard with a sponsor. 
Step 1 has 2 parts.  Maybe you are really struggling with the second part.
I have 15 years and I still quietly wonder now and then.  I was a periodic binge drinker - probably averaged a three day binge every three weeks or so.  Never got into trouble with the law or at work - made plenty of money but kept crashing personal relationships.  My Dad was the same - lived to be 85 with this pattern but his family life was always shit.   But when I drank it was excessive and led to stupid behavior.   I simply did not want to live life out as Dad did so I got into AA.   It has been great for me and helped with personal growth.  ..I don't spend much time pondering Step 1 but I know what I don t want - and that is alcohol in my system..I would move along and have a sponsor that can relate to your reality..
I think this is somewhat normal and not a cause to overthink. ..Your thought process is insightful and strong for new sobriety. Don't let it drag you down. ..Keep coming back.
..I accepted Step One when I realised that 'bad times' had nothing to do with it. If I continue to rely on my own intellect and willpower it's inevitable that I will drink again. ..Fred (the accountant in the book) relapsed when he was having a **good day!**  "...the end of a perfect day not a cloud on the horizon."..I asked myself "Have I only ever relapsed when life was bad or have I also relapsed when life was going well or getting better? Have I ever relapsed for no good reason at all?".
You're correct in that when the truth of step 1 is down alcohol cannot retain it's old illusion of being a solution in any situation. Get step 1 and you won't drink again...Which is not a good thing for those who don't go on and get through the steps. Stopping at one leaves no solution to fill the vacancy and is crazy-making. 
I think you've partly answered your own question. ..You said that you feel like you are an alcoholic and that your life is unmanageable. This is not far from the actual language of the step. But it's worth stopping for a minute to reflect on what you mean by admitting you're an alcoholic. What does that mean to you? If it means as it did for me that I am powerless over alcohol then that in addition to the unmanageable bit IS step one. ..So it would worth focusing on that specific part. Are you powerless over alcohol?..I needed to only do a little work on step one before the evidence there was clear. In particular I didn't drink myself into trouble every time but there was absolutely no way for me to predict once I started drinking how much I would drink or what kind of trouble l would get into. ..And I also couldn't control the cravings for more - the same night or later.  This  physical allergy  (I want more when I start) and  obsession of the mind  (I cant stop thinking about my next drink when I stop) are powerlessness. 
Yes I can relate. For me I said step one for a year because of course my life sucked and I couldn't stop. That was obvious.  One morning all shaky and such it just really hit me how thoroughly fucked I was and looking back over my life how 99% of my problems were because of me trying to be in control. Big difference between intellectually knowing my life sucks and knowing deep down that i have been beaten by alcohol and will never win using my dumbass tactics. 
I think struggling through the steps is always a good thing. To me it's way better than just speeding through 1-3 to get through four. Let it sit for awhile in your mind but at the same time don't overthink it either. ..You get it your life is unmanageable and you don't have control over alcohol. It's chicken and egg isn't it? Which one came first? You've been drinking so long you don't even know. ..That's the point of step one you can't untangle one from the other you've admitted it you realize it. Time to move on. ..Maybe start with some homework let's say you got to choose any god you wanted. Jot down 10 attributes you'd want that  god  to have. Think about why you'd want your god if you could choose one to have those traits. ..Then guess what your HP can be whatever you want! If you want it to be the thing you just made up   cool man. ..Anyway I'm proud of you my dude just keep working it keep working the steps. ..Do you have a copy of 12 and 12?
If I understand what you're saying correctly it seems like you have done step one. Worrying that you might be tempted to drink again in the future does not mean that you don't currently think you're powerless and that your life is unmanageable. Step two and step three is where hope for a better future comes in. Don't overthink it and just keep on doing what you're doing. 
I can totally relate and good for you for being honest. No point in lieing your way through the steps. .Who among us wants to admit complete defeat? .Who's ego even allows this? .The ego is where our alcoholism lives. The ego demands we hold on no matter what. .I had to pray and ask for help with all of the steps step one included even after ten years of in and out treatment centers and hospitals I could not let go.   . Step one seems to go against our basic survival instinct it's a hard step to take. . .All of AA's 12 steps work against us and what we want that's why they work
I did step 1 though 3 before coming into the rooms. If I didn't think I had a problem OR that my life wasn't unmanageable OR that I could do this alone I wouldn't have come to AA. Bottom line is you're here now stop fighting get the help you need and get better. You are going to think yourself out off the rooms.
All of us  problem drinkers  have a pattern.  Some drink all day everyday.  Some drink afterwork only.  Some drink in bars some mostly at home some in periodic binges.  Whatever the pattern if we quit completely for a period of time and then pick up a drink we return to our old pattern almost immediately.  It is as though we are programmed..
What's to figure out? Your in AA buddy hey honest you can't drink. Time to move to the next step which is you need help. Step three decided to use that help to move forward. Step 4 write a grudge list and use how it works to deal with it then meet with someone to talk about it. This isn't rocket science.
I learned the hard way but at least I seem to have learned.
I think you nailed it in your post.  If I am powerless over gravity I take the elevator rather than jumping out the window.  If I am powerless over alcohol I must not drink.  This logical conclusion is scary af for alcoholics.  The rest of the steps indicate how to do this.
You are not powerless. You have choices and can make good decisions for yourself.
