-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9zic8b/i_need_help/

  ..I apologize for the wall of text the cross-post and the throwaway but I could really use some support. Thank you in advance...Earlier this year I had 6 months sober in AA. Near the end I was feeling so amazing. But I was smoking a little weed from time to time. Maybe once every 2 weeks. I confided in a friend in AA about it and she promptly informed me that I'd relapsed so I ended up getting drunk...I figured it would be a quick slip and I would get back on track. But coming back to the rooms was hard. I made it a month then drank then another month then drank and so on...I knew I needed to do something. But I am having a hard time relating to others in AA. I don't drink because I had issues as a child or because I hate life or because my boss is a dick. I drink because I am biologically addicted to alcohol. This is likely because of growing up with friends who binge drank. I also have my own business and generally LOVE life...I tried the Sinclair method which studies show can reverse addiction to alcohol by blocking the endorphins using medication over time. The same has been done for years with smokers. I haven't always taken the pill though and have been to the ER a handful of times to get Ativan to help me detox. ..I desperately want AA to work for me but I can't get my stubborn head around certain things:..\- I'm told  not to think because I'm not equipped . I've owned 2 tech businesses that I started from scratch before the age of 30. ..\- My last sponsor made me inventory every single sexual partner I've ever had and what happened. I was a bit weirded out by this and feel embarrassed now...\- I got to step 5 before but didn't feel any different after...\- I hate the idea of being powerless for the rest of my life when I have seen evidence of things like The Sinclair Method literally curing people of their Alcohol Use Disorder. The obvious thing being that if I chose not to take the medication on several occasions I might be an  alcoholic ...\- On that note there is no medical diagnosis for being an  alcoholic . The DSM has something called Alcohol Use Disorder which is not a black and white thing. It's a spectrum...\- I don't believe I am a so-called mental defective. I think that term as well as identifying as  an alcoholic  at every meeting is detrimental to mental health. ..With all that said. I can't deny that the net end result of my 6 months in AA doing the steps had me at the best I have been in a long time. ..I want to quit drinking. I love my friends in AA. I just can't seem to shut my brain off.
----------immediate responses--------

Lots of us are smart successful people with advanced degrees and professional success but when it comes to alcohol we are totally powerless. It's a hard thing to accept. My addiction to drugs and alcohol threatened my life and almost killed me. I don't care how smart I am and how much evidence I can compile that I am a competent capable person. When alcohol is concerned I am totally defective and have no defense against it. Multiple addiction specialist physicians have advised to go to treatment abstain from alcohol and go to 12-step meetings. So I've done all of those things and I keep doing them. I pray and I meditate and I admit my defects and ask for them to be removed every day. There's no real evidence for any of this stuff but nothing else has ever worked so I do it. I don't look for evidence anymore or try to rationalize anything related to my addiction because when it comes to my addiction I'm just not as smart as I want to believe I am.
I didn't have a shitty childhood or a shitty life. But I still became an alcoholic. There are people who are heavy drinkers and binge drinkers and that doesn't automatically mean they alcoholics. The book says a real alcoholic can't control their drinking...The chapter we agnostics says an alcoholic is someone who can't control the amount they drink and if when they honestly want to they cant stop drinking. That is me. I'm over a year sober but I know if I ever pick up a drink again I will be screwed. It just takes one to start a complete relapse. ..I don't agree with my sponsor all the time. You are always welcome to switch sponsors if things don't work out. That said when I was hooked on alcohol it was like my body placed drinking above everything else in my life. It became my highest priority. My body wanted alcohol more than food sleep or freedom from a jail cell. Because of that I knew I couldn't trust my own brain when the thoughts were alcohol related. My thoughts always lied. My thoughts told me drinking would be different  this time . And that  i got this   i can control it  I'm just going to drink one .  ..I've never heard anyone say  don't think  but they may have been trying to protect you from harmful thoughts. ..The 12th step says we have an awakening as the result of these steps. It's possible that you will have to complete all 12 in order to experience relief. ..When I started I didn't want to read the book or do the steps. But i knew they would help me. And now i love reading the book. It's the wisdom of many people who got sober. Now I try to learn from everyone I meet in A.A.  because they have all succeeded and failed. I learn from their successes and I am warned about the traps they fell into. 
It's clear you're sharp and don't want to be alcoholic (or the term of the month for that) that you know there are certainly better ways to address your drinking than doing all the AA stuff and you're sure you'll get over this little condition at some point...That's fine. You can still do all the stuff that shouldn't work well but does and keep your beliefs intact. I reached the point where results became more important to me than the methods used to achieve them. ..Maybe you're less enthused and sincere about doing than I was but that would mean you'd be the first I've met...Because I knew how highly the sober people valued honesty I pinned down my sponsor and his sponsor at coffee early on. I asked them to give me their personal guarantees that if I did all the stuff that I wouldn't drink and my life would get better. They both did that. ..I told them that if it didn't happen for me I'd return and pin their ears back. And I silently planned to slip a little kaluha in their meeting coffee pot so we would all have the same goddamn "AA birthday". ..You don't need to be nice or believing or sincere about sobriety. The doing of the program with your best effort is enough. You have my personal guarantee that if you do the steps clear all your amends stay involved and commit to yourself that you will call before drinking again that this will work for you as it has for me since '82.
i finally fell in love with myself sober...i haven't been as materialistically successful as you may have been but i've been as sharp/structured and i do believe in the power of the mind. ..until i realized i could love my social skills and brain sober more than the temporary relief of shutting it off i practiced how to organize the thoughts i did have and not just try to collect them into groups or buckets but hone in on where they were originating trying to find help for any issues there. ..i ain't fixed. but sober me is the better me. it's the valuable me. it's the me i wanna be. it's the me women are attracted to. it's the me that the nice girl leaves the drunk me for. it's the me that is even better at his job. and the me that thinks more rationally..you got it in ya. i struggle with the aa procedure. all inquisitive/introspection for this guy. i ain't there yet. but today's another day to be sober and iwndwyt. 
For me AA was the only thing that worked.  And it worked because I did the steps under a sponsor I trusted and listened when the others in the room told me I was trying to be too smart for my own good.  I am used to feeling like the smartest guy in the room too but what I found is alcohol didn't really care how smart I was and neither did addiction.  In fact they seemed to thrive the more and better I thought about things.  The more I thought the less I seemed to be able to handle my drinking.  The thought got in the way more than anything...Thing is I may be smart but smart isn't a weapon with this.  If I was smart enough to beat it I would not have started.  I'd have stopped when I saw that it was starting to hurt me when I saw my life had become unmanageable.  ..It's like the old jaywalking thing-- if I took up jaywalking and loved it but then I started having to cross against the lights every time I went out started skipping movies and dinner dates to go jaywalk started getting tickets for it then went out and got hit by a car and went out and jaywalked on my crutches on the way home from the hospital.... Well it doesn't take smarts to see this is dumb.  Doesn't take a genius to recognize the problem here doesn't take a dazzling intellect to recognize that maybe I shouldn't go jaywalking.  That even if other people are jaywalking when the time is right and the opportunity there I am apparently not able to do it safely and need to wait for the damn light.  The problem is simple and the solution clear-- I just can't do it.  That's why I had to go to meetings.  ..I don't know the Sinclair method.  Hey maybe it is a great new treatment option that will work wonders that will get you back to the right part of the spectrum so you can jaywalk when the mood strikes.  If it is I know a lot of people that would love to hear about it.  But given what you said about going to the ER several times to calibrate...  Well I know AA works and frankly I've found that the humility forced on me by recognizing that my thinking isn't going to provide a magic answer improved my life in ways that have made recovery me better than pre-drinking me.  So I'm good.  And if it doesn't work out for you... We'll be here for you.
I get flak for this but I think it's fucked up to tell people that have hard drug addictions or are hard alcoholics (which I consider a hard drug addiction) that they relapsed because of a little weed. It tends to make them feel like fuck it I failed I might as well drink /do my drugs cuz I already relapsed. If you're sober and using weed from time to time I think you're life is ok and better than it was when actively using. It's different for everyone but this is just my opinion.
I completely agree with you. AA turns off a lot of people who are problem drinkers because of the old outdated term  alcoholic.  AUD is a spectrum and it would be great to help people when we are on the more mild end of the spectrum. AA insists that we are either  alcoholic  or not and thus loses a lot of members who do not identify as such. I hope AA updates its terminology at some point to reflect current medical knowledge. And yeah the sexual inventory is just weird.
Good luck 
