-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9zkfii/6_months_sober/

I made it through Thanksgiving. This year has brought a lot of loss and I have been backsliding emotionally for the past month. I was very aware that the big family drinking holiday would do me in...We are on the way home and I am going directly to bed. Not drinking today was a struggle for me. My anxiety is up I'm sad and I'm hyperaware of my faults...But I am not sick confused disheveled listing or making stupid decisions. I could have undone 182 days of work and ensured tomorrow I would feel much much worse if I had a tomorrow at all...IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good work be gentle with yourself.  Keep coming back.
That's amazing! Great job! You should be hyper aware of your major success today if anything. The anxiety will melt away and you will feel so accomplished. I think it's an amazing feat. Keep up the good fight!
You made it!!! Probably doesn't feel great right now but it will in time : )..I remember the first few holidays being absolutely brutal. I was a total ball of nerves. I hated that others were drinking and I couldn't.  All sorts of stuff came up.  It gets easier.  Waking up the morning after a tough day realizing I got through it without a drink or drug is ALWAYS worth it. I have yet to wake up thinking "yeah I really wish I had hit the 'fuck it' button yesterday."...Hang in there friend!
You did it. You're a fucking rock star. 
Awesome I also completed 6 months few days ago IWNDWYT.
Hecks yeah.
Congrats!  My first Thanksgiving sober was incredibly hard  way to go!!!!   
I have 72 days.  Went to my 9:30 meeting.  Volunteered at the food bank but could pull the trigger on the family party which left some disappointment on the table but I just couldn't do it.  I have a standing Court Order with my wife and kids so I couldn't see them.  The last thing I want to do was deal with people being in a festive atmosphere while miserable and completely stressesed out big time.  I sheltered in place and got a great night sleep. IWNDWYT. 
Hey imeanbaa thanks for sharing here. So happy about where you are today. You are an inspiration!!
