-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ztmsh/struggling_a_little_tonight/

I'm not sure why I'm struggling tonight but I am. I was fine yesterday which surprised me since it was a holiday. I was fine all day today but I just finished decorating the living room for Christmas and the cravings are growing. The urge for a drink is strong. I wasn't able to go to a meeting yesterday or today but I am going to one in the morning at 9:15. I have 100 days of sobriety behind me which is by far the longest I've ever gone without a drop of alcohol. ..I don't really know what my point of posting is but my sponsor is out of town (although she said I could call her I hate to bother her while she's with her family) and since I won't be at a meeting until tomorrow I figured writing out what I'm thinking might help. 
----------immediate responses--------

I recommend giving her a call or another member of your fellowship. The holidays at hard for us. It's important to stick close to the program and to the fellowship early in recovery and during this time of year.
With out the steps just meetings the longer I went without a drink the more I wanted one. .  .When I completely gave myself to the AA program did the steps exactly as it's laid out in the big book within the first 2 months the desire to drink left. I haven't wanted a drink on over 8 years. .  .I would suggest reading the big book doing what they did/do calling or meeting up with another alcoholic and praying..... Works every time.  .   .Sorry you are struggling it will pass... .
You did the right thing to post about how you're feeling. It will get better. We are here for you. Always.
Same here.  You're not alone!  Hang in there!
Thank you for posting instead of drinking! We have all been there as well. What I used to do when I had cravings would be to tell myself "ok self.. in 20 minutes we will see if I still want a drink."  Twenty minutes later the answer might be no or might be yes-- if it's yes I just tell myself 20 more minutes and i'll reevaluate. Before long I'd gotten busy and forgotten about it. Keeping myself occupied was a big help. ..The first drink can put you back where you started. Just try to say no to that one drink tonight and see how you feel tomorrow!    
She said you could call her so call your sponsor. I guarantee that you both will feel better after you talk to her. ..A situation like this is how we learn how to Stay sober-learning a new action to replace old behavior. We learn how to save our own lives one decision at a time...It gets easier. Good for you for reaching out. 
I found that my pink cloud started to fade around 100 days and shit just got real. The holiday season is not easy either..Someone mentioned podcasts. I'd recommend xa-speakers.org. Tony H is my personal favorite. 
You've already done the right thing by asking for help. Are you able to do other things to take your mind off of it? Organizing your closet putting up Christmas or holiday decorations watching a good movie with popcorn and a Coke or Pepsi....sometimes the carbonation helps. We are here for you!!!!!!
So smart to post here! ..Your sponsor would probably be glad for you to call or text. I know mine is; especially when I feel hesitant...And then just what others have suggested... podcasts reading distraction. Sober cast is great; my favorite sobriety podcast is Since Right Now. ..You've made it this far! You can get through this season without a drink.
If you'd like to talk to a sober long-term member of AA PM me and I'll send you my phone number. ..The kids just went to bed and I haven't been able to make it to a meeting for a few days. It's always nice to talk to people in the program...
Awesome to see this post and edits. This is how AA works. You became aware of the urge. You accepted that it was there and was real (instead of pretending it wasn't). You took action. And now you get to go to bed sober and wake up sober tomorrow. ..Nicely done :)
so happy for you! keep it up and do exactly what you did now next time!
my suggestion: whenever you start to struggle =&gt; make yourself a nice yummy meal. always easier if your stomach is full. .
OP you fought for those days. This day. Do not give them up. Remember them and help someone like you who is in an even lower spot.  Serve and survive.  
CALL.. YOUR... SPONSOR... one of my sponsees is out of town... hasn't called me once never a good sign. And honestly the people im worried about the most are the ones who are 90 days sober who say everything is great. They're like the boy whistling in the dark. When I was 90 days sober I wanted to kill myself and everyone around me. Just keep doing the drill you'll be alright 
Hang in there we are here 4 u!
