-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a0ctvo/hi_im_dominic/

Hi I'm Dominic...I've been  t-total' for a week and a half  have been avoiding drink since around September 2016...Today my two best friends got married. I wasn't there. The last 3 years of my life have been ripped apart through depression and alcohol...I wasn't invited to the most significant day of their relationship and they are the most significant people in my lives and had been throughout my depression and difficulty with alcohol...I'm sat at home in the dark wishing I could drink. Wishing I could get totally wasted feel reality slip away and begin the process of forgetting what's going on and how I'm feeling...I know drinking isn't healthy for me and I've been grateful to not have it complicate my life and make things worse for the last few years. However in the last few weeks I've really struggled with wanting a drink and knowing I can't handle it...I've been to two AA meetings and will be going to my third on Tuesday. I still haven't come around to speaking and I still can't bring myself to finish the sentence  Hi I'm Dominic and I'm...'..Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi I'm Dusty and I'm a alcoholic it took me 11 months to identify myself as a alcoholic. I read the big book twice the 12 and 12. Went to meetings everyday for 6 months straight - I still make meetings. I'm on step 4 after writing and writing my 4st step - it finally dawn on me after 30 years of drinking  breaking bones go in and out of institutions - that I am powerless over alcohol and I can't sanily manage my life. The solution is in the big book and I had to pray for the right sponsor. I am grateful to be a live today I am grateful to be sober today. I might feel alone but I'm not lonely - just make a phone call or make a meeting  and move out of Gods way. There is a committee in my head that is always ready to sabotage me the moment I tell someone about it I get out of my head - call a sober contact or make a meeting.
Hi Dominic I am so sorry that things are so rough for you right now. Drink will solve nothing as it has solved nothing in the past. I don't know what time it is wherever you are in the world but for me going for a walk to pilates for coffee &amp; cake reading sober books listening to sober podcasts or meditating help to get me out of my head. Equally I don't know what happened that you are not at your friends wedding. That is a situation that you might need or want to look at some day. As is applying labels to yourself if you feel that is necessary. Today's job is to be kind to yourself. Maybe check in with your Doc? Maybe have bloods done? Maybe pull in whatever supports you have and just get through today. We are here for you and I will not drink with you today. I would love to hear how you are getting on because I believe that you can do this.
Hey Dominic I'm Marshall and I'm relieved to be an alcoholic. 
