-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a0cxfa/antabuse_disulfiram/

What are people's options on using this medication while relatively new to AA to prevent relapse while getting through some of the steps? 
----------immediate responses--------

I do not recommend Antabuse. Even knowing I was taking it about 15 days in I said to hell with it and drank swear to God I thought I was going to die. Just a little bit more alcohol and I think I might have. Plenty of alcoholics have died while drinking on it. 
r/alcoholism_medication 
It should only be used in people who are truly dedicated to sobriety and just need extra help fighting temptation in moments of weakness...Someone who isn't ready to quit will stop taking it so they can drink or worse drink while on it landing themselves in the hospital...There are other less dangerous medications that aid sobriety though. You can find information about them in the side bar of r/Alcoholism_Medication.
There are a lot better options than antabuse out there.  Seconding what Veck123 said try r/alcoholism_medication.  And talk to a doctor.  If you need or just want some help with detox and getting to a place where you are ready for sobriety there is help available.
Do whatever it takes to break your pattern.
I've seen it work well in the short term for new people many times as a form of insurance against making a poor decision. As long as you don't drink and have a healthy liver it can't hurt. 
I'm currently taking it and I'm a little over 2 1/2 months sober. Haven't drank on it it yet and it's been helpful to me. My therapist mentioned it as a possible option and I met with my psychiatrist specifically to talk about it. It's not a decision to be made lightly however for me it's been very helpful. I'm not sure how long I'll continue taking it. It forces me to go through the emotions and feelings that I was covering up with drinking rather than just escaping them. Going to meetings and seeing a therapist has been a critical part of it as well. Right now its a nice insurance policy for the occasional times I'm tempted to drinking after work and I just tell myself well I just don't have that option. I'll probably look at going off of it in another month or two once I feel more solid in my sobriety.
