-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a0f32e/changing_locations/

I have been to rehab twice have had 30 days 5 times 60 days twice and the most time I've had has been 4 months sober. The city I live in I know everybody I'm an addict and an alcoholic and I feel like I'm stuck. I'm young too just about to turn 21 this week. Would it be a good idea to move cities to get away from the people places and things? I have heard mixed comments when I ask my AA friends. Need some advice. I have 24 days as of today and I can already feel that a relapse is coming soon.
----------immediate responses--------

I've known many people who moved. If that's what works for you do it. But understand you are going to be wherever you go. So make sure to find a good support group and work a program. 
If you already feel like a relapse is coming soon what is it you need to do? Call your sponsor. If you don't have a sponsor get one at your next meeting. Or ask someone to be your temporary sponsor. Moving somewhere new has nothing to do with that next drink.
Problem with moving is you'll be right there in the new city. 
If you move to a new city make sure it's one with a large and active Young persons AA contingent.
Moving locations can provide some help. When I moved to a different area as a result of going to treatment I benefitted from it because the only people I associated with were in recovery. That is the caveat IMHO of moving to help your recovery. If being around the people you used and drank with is making it easier for you to obsess about using then maybe moving is a good idea. On the other hand if you're hell-bent on getting or drinking then a few new faces aren't going to stop you from doing that either. If you don't move I would be very cautious in the following weeks/months. Figure out a way to completely cut yourself off from your old using acquaintances. Change your number get a haircut get some new clothes anything that will keep you out of those drinking and using circles if you decide to stay where you are. For me ultimately it became more about what I was doing in recovery that kept me away from the temptation to drink. But before that can develop we have to make sure we're in a good environment free from alcohol or drugs. Take care!
I moved to get sober. I think the important thing to remember is wherever you go there you are. .I knew I needed to get away from my toxic family/lifestyle to begin to put in the work so I did that  and then fully immersed myself in recovery. I am doing the work now and living a life beyond my wildest dreams. For me that couldn't have happened where/how I waa living. Good luck!
