-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a0yg6d/so_i_m_on_day_4/

I've completed 3 days with out a drink and have 0 desire to drink.  However when I was drinking I never had the shakes snuck drinks or felt like I had to have one. My issue was/and always will be not being able to have self control once I started. I was like  Frank the Tank  from old school. Once it hit my lips it tastes so good. I understand this is a form of alcoholism and needs to be treated like such. What I'm struggling with now is listening to my family that lives in another state trying to be doctors and tell me what I need to do and what I should do in my own house. As I mentioned I have 0 desire to drink anymore because of all the poor decisions that I make when I do. Any advice on how to deal with the family portion of this and yes I will be going to meetings. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd get a sponsor and work the steps. I'd also do meetings in 90 days. That's the recipe for success. 
Get involved with AA...  .Meetings. .Read big book. .Get a home group. .Read big book. .Study big book. .Do what they do in the big book......  .  .Big book is pretty important.  Here's a link to read it for free. You can buy hard copy at cost price at any meeting. . .https://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/read-the-big-book-and-twelve-steps-and-twelve-traditions.  .  .Have zero desire to drink doesn't put you in the clear... The majority of people who relapse had no desire to drink until they did then that desire also known as an obsession of the mind becomes so powerful it ensures an alcoholic always picks up that drink eventually... That's the main problem with alcoholism..... .  .Read the book within the first few chapters there is a story of a guy who was sober for a while had zero desire to drink then SUDDENLY he thought maybe a little whiskey with his lunch on a full stomach would not hurt....... 5 minutes before he drank he had no desire to drink..... The AA program /big book helps change that fucked up thinking. . .Give the book a read and hit some meetings...... It will change your life for the better... I 100% guarantee
That's hard and I would find that pretty irritating too. Maybe least said soonest mended? You have this reddit for support and have decided to go to meetings so you are building your support plan. If it was me I would pull back on the family conversations until/unless you feel you need their input/support. It might also be worth gently explaining that you are putting supports in place for yourself and need a little space to build your plan but that you will tell them if you need their help? This might offer them a little security. I am sure though that they mean the very best and are just showing their natural concern for you even though it may feel a little claustrophobic at the minute.
