-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a1r2h6/charcter_defects_old_timers_and_the_13th_step/

I've had a hard time giving in to the 12 steps because of disillusionment. ..Was in a relationship with someone that 13th stepped me he is an old timer well respected and is still using. He used me them threw me away then belittled me for my relapse even though he is still using himself. This is someone that has been "sober" for as long as I've been alive. What I saw in his life and the way he has conducted it has been an eye opener about the program and the people in it and how someone like him uses it to his advantage. Just disgusted and heartbroken. ..Then I met another person who I believe is close to being the devil himself. Huge narcissism personslity disorder. Also an old timer also 13th stepped me also using drugs recreationally. Began thinking of the narcissim element I'm seeing and then going over the steps finding out none of this makes sense. These people after so many years are supposed to be aware of themselves changed be new and improved and yet what I see are careless selfish hypocrites...This is why I find it hard to go in. Why the trouble if it's not working for them? Why are they still that way? Why are they even worse now with their holier than thou shit? I feel it's a social club to them. Their entire lives revolve around AA and when they have some off time they go back to getting high and fucking vulnerable people like me over. I think they even pick people like me to be in relationships with they can brush their hands off and say fuck her she is a weakling without restraint all the while they are the ones sometimes providing the drugs. What in the everloving fuck is going on? This last guy legit threw his recent live in gf in detox a day before he flew to see me. He jumped from one helpless woman to the other and then brings drugs with him on top of that. I think he is the devil incarnate I'm afraid of these types and afraid the rooms are full of these psychos. In other words there's a reason I self medicate and to be in the hands of these men and to see them in the same place where I'm supposed to be getting help is unnerving. Please tell me this is a unique experience and an exception because so far I think there are just narcissistic sociopaths there. ../rant
----------immediate responses--------

Principles not personalities. This program caters to people who are fucked up. Some get better some just stop drinking and some do neither. I wouldn't recommend you trust everyone whether in a program or not. People are people. Take this as a learning experience move forward don't hold resentment and with your higher powers help it won't happen again
Some people swap the bar seat for the AA seat. The drinking is gone but the behaviour remains the same. Don't assume that everyone that talks about the steps has actually done the steps. And don't assume 'time'  sober means anything. ..My point is you're not 'giving into the steps'  you're giving  into yourself. Find a sponsor work the programme and find your life. You won't need any validation in others once you're free. ..Good luck and keep coming back x
Their egos are more important to them than your life. They are very sick people. ..Do you have a sponsor and are you working the steps? I'd suggest not dating anyone in AA or anyone at all for the first year. I've also been very disillusioned by some of the old timers. Guys that were friends of my dad who has passed. One guy brought me food when I was 3 days in and was still too sick to drive but hadn't eaten in days. What a nice guy right? Well his intentions weren't so good. Sick people absolutely seek out vulnerable people and what better place to find them than at say  an AA new comers meeting? ..I'm sorry this has happened to you. It puts you in a unique position to be of service to other new comers. I feel like it's my duty to warn new comers if I see the vultures circling. ..Last summer an older member (but not an old timer) asked me on a date.  I politely declined.  The very next day he followed me to my car and started in about what a good guy he was and how well he treats 'his women '. Gross.  A few months later he was dead. It's just sad. 'Principles before personalities ' was for some reason difficult for me to grasp but I think I'm setting to get it.  
There are many jerks and idiots in and out of AA.  Over time the Steps help most of us improve our characters but not all of us.    I am an  old timer  by most measurers never used drugs other than Alcohol.  I came to AA to quit drinking not to find friends or women and that remains my primary motive.   My sponsor who is a good man and I love dearly used to be a 13th stepper big time.  I don't know if he caused damage but relationships can cause the spark that lead to a fire.  I truly care about people who seek help in AA and wish them all well.  That does not mean that I like them or want to befriend them.  Over the years I have been tempted by several women in AA while I was single but I always refrained from getting close outside AA because I did not want to suffer the guilt of contributing to a slip for them.   If we really care about our AA brothers and sisters we will be supportive of them but leave sex and emotions out of the picture...Same sex meetings are a good idea for newcomer vulnerable women.  13th steppers and vultures will always be around.  I have been conned rolled and messed with in many ways through the years in AA but I always keep my eye on our Primary Purpose.  For guys it is NOT to find pussy.  It is to get sober and to help other alcoholics achieve sobriety.  Period..
Sorry you experienced that. I haven't experienced anything like this in about four years sober but I'm also a guy so that might make a difference there. Unfortunately there are sick people in AA but this is one of the reasons there is the suggestion of no dating for the first year. If a guy who has (supposedly) been sober for a while asks you out as a newcomer alarm bells should be going off especially if it already happened to you once before. I have a few women friends who talk about how important it was for them to have a strong women's meeting to go to for this very reason early on. 
Yep aa has alot of fucked up ppl. Thats it. But you have to take care of you. And remeber you have a choice in your recovery and life. It might not be the best place for everyone. I know for me i get alot more out of therapy than i do aa. But i still try to reach out to support group and meditation support groups etc. i maybe go to one meeting a week and do service once a month. And sometimes i choose to listen to my sponsor verbatim.  I stay away from peeps who seem to   have all the answers . My advice? Disconnect frim those effed up old timers. Find your own path perhaps?..
Like most practices in AA there are good reasons for the suggestion to stay out of relationships for the first year. To involve yourself with the women concentrate on staying booze/drug free and taking the steps to recover...Everyone's free to disregard all that and make different choices for themselves as there are no AA police. People commonly do make their own choices in these matters and get the results their choices call for. ..If you should start relationships with bad oldtimers #3 &amp; 4 in the future it could be a pattern of choices you'll come to regret...Watched quite a few fairly pretty ladies do that over the course of 30+ years in different States. Continued drinking took away their looks and the quality of interested men declined until they were pretty scary-looking and nuts left banging sick newcomer guys. The line when they came back to fish for the next one was always that it was different this time...Sad to see avoid doing that if possible.
I bet all these "13th steppers" are also one's that say you will die if you don't work the steps. One thing I've learned in AA is that no matter how happy or how great someones sobriety seems or how great they tell you it is they are one drink away from being that old person they were. And some of them still have their defects that they say they are working but really aren't. We show you the person we want you to see.
The program and fellowship are two different things.  The fellowship will always have fucked up people hard drinkers who can sober on the fellowship alone etc.  The program if followed thoroughly will not fail you.
AA as a whole can't be taken as intrinsically trustworthy or untrustworthy. Everyone needs to be cautious about trusting individuals in AA and outside AA. I want to be sure this doesn't come across as victim blaming. People in meetings with an intent to exploit vulnerable people are scum I'm mostly saying everyone should know there are a good number of such people at many meetings. ..AA isn't a place with all safe people. If we started vetting members for being upstanding citizens we'd soon have no membership left.
You brought this on yourself and are now ranting about it... Sorry but it's your own fault. This is why you have to fix yourself before getting into ANY relationship. Maybe start working those codependancy issues of yours in CoDA will help you avoid these situations in the future. ..Yes these dudes are scum bags for doing what they did but don't be lumping all of us dudes in with these guys that's not fair. There are many respectable and honorable men and women in the rooms that don't 13th step newcomers cause they know the damage it does.
I can visualize this happening though I have never actually seen this happen. Very sorry you had to experience this. Maybe try to find a new group?
AA has a lot of sickos. I'm sorry. 
