-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a22e0w/sponsor_help/

I started this year in treatment and got out in February. I was sober till May and had a relapse any then again another relapse in September and then one more in October. Since this I've been fully committed to going to meetings and reading as much as I can. ..I've been staying mindful and self aware. I realized I quite literally will do anything it takes to stay sober. One thing I haven't done....find a sponsor. HOW DO I DO THIS? I go to meetings and talk to people but it hasnt presented itself to me. I need to work the steps because I will break eventually if I do not....I need help with this but I have such bad commitment issues that I'm having the hardest time with this one step....Please give me some tips on how to go about this.
----------immediate responses--------

You ask. For me it was the hardest simple thing to do. You have to create the opportunity. If you don't like who you've picked pick someone else. It's very simple but very intimidating. You should actually have the numbers of multiple people whom you call on a semi regular basis to help establish your sober network...Remember you can change sponsors whenever you want but if you've started step work they may restart you it's their call. 
Figure out what is important to you. Criteria. Many people recommend a few year's sobriety &amp; same gender. Keep in mind that you are not looking for a bestie (so you don't need to have tons in common) but you need to be able to frequently speak to them so you need to like them that much. ..I stopped drinking in a small rural town with some specific peculiarities but I'll share my list:..Same gender.5 years sobriety.Not certifiably insane.Not a snowbird..I found a sponsor &amp; she drank. I was so upset because it was so hard to find a female sponsor in my location. I ended up talking frequently with an older gentleman and he ended up becoming my sponsor. It worked out really well for me
sponsors aren't required for success in recovery.
I too find-it really difficult to ask for help - with anything but personal stuff especially.  I am a bit of an introvert and not much of a talker.  But I needed a sponsor to do the Steps.  My approach has been informal.  Find someone who has some sober time (10 years or so) and seems to be OK (not an AA Godfather or nut).   In time I ask them if they have time after a meeting to grab a coffee.  I never have hit them directly with  will you be my sponsor).  I seek advice about how they did something (like Step 3).  In time if we seem to be compatible I keep visiting them.  If I feel comfortable I will formally ask them.  I have done that two times over about 20 years of sobriety.   The guy I now consider to be my sponsor has 38 years.  We relate well and work on dog rescue together.  I sort of feel that I am his sponsor and he is mine - without ever saying that.  But we help each other with AA stuff all the time.  And we both serve as Intergroup Reps for different groups...
Ask anyone " I am looking for a temporary sponsor to start working with me on the steps. Would you be interested in doing that?"
At the beginning of the meetings that I go to the chair person asks if anyone has had a problem staying away from a drink today. This is a good opportunity to speak up and say exactly what you told us. You will then hopefully get some experience strength and hope that may help you find some relief. ..I decided to ask my sponsor because our stories are similar. I walked up to him after a meeting and just asked. It was very hard for me to do for two reasons. One is that I have a hard time asking for help. Two is social anxiety. After he said yes it was like a weight lifted off my shoulders and we got to work. ..No where in the book does it say you are required to get a sponsor. I noticed the people around me with any length of sobriety had a sponsor. In my experience I had to get one in order to work the steps and establish some accountability. ..Good luck on you search and thank you for helping me stay sober today. 
Thank you for reaching out. This is a person who will show you how it is done as they were shown and so on. This person will take you thoroughly through the steps and in some cases hear but forget your darkest fears secrets. Sure lots of other renegade ways to do things but tried and true when your life is at stake. My sponsor is dying after after 40+ years for him of sobriety and I can tell you you can't help but have a strong relationship worth the commitment.  Tips then go to meetings they are your sponsor. Ask questions before and after not during. If pressed to speak keep it brief and real and always express gratitude for what you are grateful for. If this is a life boat who looks like they are going to make it? First few might be bogged down if you head for the chairperson or popular speaker. Who cares most about your life and conversely their sobriety? Life boat.  Like practicing something we get better at it. Don't get better at relapse.  Get that monkey off your back. Do everything to stay stopped and use your habitual nature to make new good habits and strict routines that further mitigate the possibility of a drink even if you have a weak day or two. It is harder to relapse at a meeting or working with a sponsor volunteering at the hospital or again waking and living in a place of gratitude and practicing staying there. This is for you and only you and your life. Please do not give up the time you have use it to get sober and help others. 
"Hey. You seem to want what you have and you have what I want. Will you be my sponsor?"..The first 2 sentences are optional...
Just ask. Keep in mind sponsorship helps the sponsors as much as the sponsees. Essentially you're helping them stay sober too. That's been my experience. 
First I think it's awesome you're reaching out and care deeply about your recovery. Asking for help is often the hardest part for many of us and I know it was for me. I was fortunate that in my treatment program my counselor told me to get a sponsor and not to worry too much about making it a best friend relationship. All you need is for someone preferably the same gender and with a little time under their belt to take you through the steps as they were by another recovering alcoholic. Remember it's a mutually beneficial relationship: by helping you a sponsor helps themself stay sober and committed to recovery. It's one of the reasons the program works as well as it does (in psychology this is known as  helper theory ). ..Best advice: find someone who seems to have what you want (health sanity happiness calm etc) and just ask. If they say no it's okay! Having a temporary sponsor is perfectly fine for your initial step work and really understanding the program. People change sponsors all the time it's normal. I think the biggest mistake people in early recovery make in AA is waiting for  the one  instead of just finding someone to help  out in the short term. Maybe you'll become great friends maybe not but at least you'll be getting right into the middle of the program which is how it works best. ..Good luck have faith and hope and IWNDWYT!
Get a sponsorship pamphlet from one of the meetings. It helps clarify some things. 
From the Big Book's description of someone who can help: "That the man who is making the approach has had the same difficulty that he obviously knows what he is talking about that his whole deportment shouts at the new prospect that he is a man with a real answer that he has no attitude of Holier Than Thou nothing whatever except the sincere desire to be helpful; that there are no fees to pay no axes to grind no people to please no lectures to be endured - these are the conditions we have found most effective. After such an approach many take up their beds and walk again.".  Page 18-19.
You don't need a sponsor to work the steps but it's highly recommended. I wouldn't even know where to start without my sponsor. I picked up a temporary sponsor by turning to the person next to me in a meeting and saying  hey I need some help. How do I go about getting sponsor? . She wasn't available to be one but grabbed someone and introduced them to me. I eventually got a more permanent sponsor by going to the same meetings over and over and introducing myself to people. It's a little tough but remember everyone is there to support you! 
Something I was told when I came in was to choose a sponsor that has what i want (attitude outlook on life and spiritual--not material). What I did was went to gendered meetings (women for me) and listened to what the women had to share. I kept my ears out for someone whose words resonated with me whose recovery I admired. ..Then I just asked! It seems scary but those i know in recovery always feel honored when asked to sponsor. And if they say no for whatever reason ask them if they know anyone they would recommend.
Either approach someone directly and ask or speak in a meeting and say you're looking for a sponsor and ask if someone might be willing to speak to you after the meeting. Hang around afterwards and you'll at least get a temporary sponsor!
Get numbers from everyone of your sex after each meeting.   .It is good to have people to call.   ..Sponsor. Find someone with some time in the saddle that has what you want. I got my second sponsor because every single time I saw him he was in gratitude and happy. I thought "That man has what I want".    ..Ask. They will say yes or no. It is no big deal. You find. You ask. You are doing your job.   ..Good luck.
