-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a2bv2k/slipped_up_tonight/

Hi everyone .I am beating myself up a little over here. I'm working on a real nice drink over here. August 7th around 1am was the last drink I had until tonight about an hour ago. I'd love to say I don't know what happened but I do so im not going to deny that I know what I'm doing when I do it. Ive been itching on and off for a few days recently...I feel the need to offload this in a way that isn't as public as a meeting so here goes. ..I've been sober for about 2.5 years of the last five. Got really bad a little over a year ago though. I was stopping at a drive through liquor store on the way home from work and drinking on the way home. I knew this was stupid of course I rationalized it by saying it was getting rid of my work stress. It was but I was coming home drunk a lot. My wife talked to me multiple time about it leading up to the date mentioned above where it took me 4.5 hours to drive to a remote work location that should've only taken me 2 hours to get to. I still couldn't tell you what took me so long. It was bad. Wife gave the ultimatum of you have to stop drinking....again. I do truly love her her so I did. This woman has stuck with me through the roughest portions of my life and I owe her my best. She truly is a wonderful woman and to be honest I'd be lost without her. I restarted the process of meetings even though I dislike them. I just can't seem to relate on a personal level with the people I hear/meet in any of my local groups. I know that on a base level it should just be about the general struggle we all go through on a daily basis but I still find trouble connecting. .I've been doing really well lately. Work is great. I'm respected there and make enough money for us to be quite comfortable. Home is different. Wife and I went through some crazy shit over the past year. I've always wanted kids and she ended up having to have a hysterectomy so that was really a hard thing to get through. Then we went on a little trip to a cabin rental with some friends who wanted to play swingers. I'm not really comfortable with this but embraced it toward the end and it caused quite the fight. We haven't had sex since Christmas time last year. Some of this was the ongoing struggle of the cabin trip some of it is the hormonal imbalance that she's been working with a specialist on. She hasn't stopped drinking and I went to a friend's house with her tonight where I was the only sober one. It was too much apparently and I'm sitting up at the counter drinking now sort of hating myself.  Trying really hard not to overthink this. Having a bunch of trouble. ..
----------immediate responses--------

There's a lot of Fourth Step stuff going on here. Have you called your sponsor yet tonight?
It is easy for us to fool ourselves into thinking that it's people places and things that get us drunk.  The simple truth is that we are alcoholic and our  normal state  is to be drunk...You mention that your wife has not stopped drinking.  Perhaps she has no need to - but obviously you do...When I romanticize drink ( after 15 years sober I still do on rare occasion) I simply reflect on how it used to be and like cold water in the face I know that I want no part of that back.  The  stop to get liquor and drink on the way home  part sure resonates with me.  I lived a LONG ways away from work so that could be a rear problem.  I tried to keep it to one or two tall cans but at times would purchase a pint of hard stuff and drink it before getting home.  I never got a DUI which is quite the miracle.  Anyway - the drink was only the beginning of my madness and I am forever grateful to have that removed...Another post mentioned the 4th Step.  I finally know myself really well thanks to several passes through Steps 4-5 over the years.  One thing I try hard to avoid is tossing more garbage on the trail.  Cleaning up my messes is what took half of my awake time in the drinking years - I don't need that back.  So I am careful when it comes to far out stuff like swinging or attending drunk parties.  I just don't need it...I am blessed to have a terrific wife.  Very attractive takes really good care of herself (physically and mentally) and takes care of business with minimal fuss.   I am very proud of her.  If we drink we return to our old pattern of drink and behavior quickly.   I used to act like an unchained Viking.  That would last with her for about one week then bye-bye.  I value my life and my sobriety.  At 5 years not so much but continued work and doing service changed that.  I do hope that you will re-engage and continue the trudge...
Continue to reach out here for support. Ask for one on one time. There's somebody out there who is a good match that can help you work the steps. Don't give up! I have faith that you got that little bit of willingness to open the door. What is your next step? Would you be willing to attend an AA meeting with no expectations other than to just be sitting somewhere other than at home with yourself?
Go to meetings. Work the steps. Don't drink one day at a time. ..This past baggage will offloaded along the way. 
&gt;Side note: anyone have any opinions on the Sinclair Method? ..It saved my life. I don't want to hijack the thread over here because I know some in AA don't really approve of it but check out /r/Alcoholism_Medication if you want to know more. A lot of people think it sounds too good to be true but it really does work. Wish you well.
