-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a384eb/night_out/

Tonight I went to a work outing after my normal 10 hour shift at the job. Our new owners were taking the staff out for a night on the town at an expensive supper club and we were encouraged to eat and drink to our hearts content. I'm coming back into the program after a 11 month relapse and it just so happens this this is my 11th day sober. I was in no position to back out of this engagement because the new owner of the shop was rewarding us for hard work in the previous months. I was really dreading this...This second round at sobriety is much much harder then before; the cravings are more intense I can't control my feelings or emotions and I just miss the numbing effect after a long and stressful day. We've been short staffed since June of this year and the stress levels are intense. I work with the public so I often feel like goddam pincushion from clock in to clock out. Trying to manage stress freshly sober is a challenge in it of itself...I arrived at the club and during the course of the night drank water and iced tea while my bosses and co-workers went through seven rounds of drinks. I don't resent them for it and I don't feel angry with them for drinking while I can't. I just had my happy work face mask on and was attentive and engaging all the time wanting to get some drinks like everyone else. I felt broken and weak for not being as strong as I used to be in these situations. And it was extremely political for work - miss out on this and you're not a "team player" ( I work in a cutthroat industry). ..I cried on the way there and cried on the way home and I didn't have anything to drink but fuck I sure wanting nothing more than to. ..I'm writing this because I couldn't get to a meeting and my sponsor was unavailable so I just feel better getting it off my chest. I'm not looking for advise or for answers I just needed to vent...Thank you
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. 
thanks for sharing. you made it through the night without drinking...regardless of how hard it felt how you may wish you were 'stronger' wishing that you didn't want to drink...regardless of all of that the night was a success. you did good.
I know how you feel! I also work in the public and our staff gets smaller and smaller every couple of months. It's so frustrating and demeaning to always be seeing people talking shit about your organization or what you do on social media and stuff. It also makes it really hard to feel like you're ever "off the clock."..I've also done my fair share of drinking to try and numb the emotions and forget what I've been dealing with all day. But by staying sober and not being at work hungover all the time it's made it that much easier to deal with the drama. ..Keep it up. Congrats on your victory. 
I remember nights like this. They don't happen much anymore and the feelings don't as a result of working the 12 steps. But I do also know I could be right there again in those feelings if I don't continue to work. Keep coming back and thanks for sharing.
Thank you for sharing you are stronger than you think.
Thanks for your share. Congrats on a huge win
Work outings are hard. I have one coming up on Friday and it's literally at a brewery. But I'll just pray in my car and say  I don't drink  and leave it at that. Just hang in there and remember your own awesomeness.
Thank you for sharing. I'm proud that you are so strong. I've been in situations like yours and caved...not any more tha thankfully. So again thank you.
Thanks for sharing. I don't even have a job to worry about that for yet I'm dreading starting to meet new people and having to say those (to me at this point in my life) dreaded words to someone new..."Sorry I don't drink and I'd prefer if you didn't do it around me". :-/ Your story gives me hope that I can make it through even if it kinda blows and is filled with triggers a social event that has drinking as a big part of it.
This is inspiring. Keep up the good work. You wont feel this way forever. 
Al Anon here. Hope it's okay to respond. I just wanted to say that you don't seem broken and weak to me. You sound really strong. I think it's amazing that you got through that situation without drinking. Be proud of yourself. Keep up the good fight. We are all here to support you.
This is a feeling/situation I know all too well. First off congratulations on 11 days! Very long time for an alcoholic to not drink! I remember in these situations what I was told early in sobriety "it is perfectly normal for an alcoholic to want to drink and crave it." This is so true for me I drank and drank out of habit. It drank for a long time and changing my behaviors and thoughts are going to take a while as well. But not to worry you made it! Just remember one day at a time hell for me it was one hour at a time. ..Also have an "out" when you have to engage in these events. You don't want to be stuck there. Well hope this helps keep up the work and it will get better!
I'm so glad you reached out! I think it shows how ready you are to continue this journey. Good luck with everything!
Thank you for sharing. I have not relapsed but I've been in similar situations. It's always a confidence booster when we make it through without drinking. You post also gives me motivation to not relapse because it was hard enough the 1st time around. Relapsing is my biggest fear. Thank you for this post.
Your sharing is a big help. We all have times like this in sobriety whether you have one month 5 years or are an old timer. It reminds me of why we work those steps and stick with the program. ..Keep coming back it works if you work it. 
Wow!  You are amazingly strong.  
You are amazing! I skipped our work outing and felt really bad for it but just didn't think I could keep my sobriety. I'm so happy you were able to ! You are a super hero my friend.
That's really fucking seriously amazing!.. I try to think about how I would have handled that situation not sober- "drink to my hearts content" I would have either gotten really fucking sloppy and made an awkward situation for the foreseeable future with a commensurate amount of resentments or I would have avoided the situation entirely because I knew that number of free drinks would be a bad idea. ..You did the things! You called your sponsor  wanted to get to a meeting  communicated your experience.  You did what you needed to do to stay sober which is a miracle. ..I always find in early sobriety that what feels like weakness is frequently strength.  It's a very bizarre feeling. 
It's great that you took what was in your head and let go of it by putting on here. Bless you for that. ..I'm 19 months sober and I'm visiting Paris on business today and I'm feeling incredibly triggered. In my last days of drinking I came to Paris by myself one day just to drink. I went from Airport Lounge to hotel lounge and bars around the city. ..Today I was walking through the airport and walked past the airport bar where I spent an hour that day and my head was back there. ..I'm now sitting in a Parisien bar where the band I manage are playing still feeling triggered but  sitting typing this on here and texting my ABF (alchoholic best friend) and my sponsor. This is illness can grab us at any time and we're here for each other. With the help of AA and my friends in the program I'm riding this wave out...Glad you reached out. If we don't pick up the first drink.............
