-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a3d2kn/trying_to_get_out_of_funk/

So I'm 21 have had about 10 relapses in the past 2 years give or take but keep coming back. I've found myself just stuck. I work a shitty job I have 0 motivation to do anything with my life. Moved back in with my parents don't have any social skills not good at necessarily anything don't have any interests in anything. My whole life since I was 14-19/20 has just been devoted to getting messed up. That's all I know how to do. I don't know how to live how to interact what I'm good at. Just curious to see if anyone has gotten past funks like this advice or a personal experience. Thanks everyone have a great day!
----------immediate responses--------

Ya I could complete relate to that. From 13 to 33 was spent getting loaded. From 28 to 33 was treatment centers and in and out of AA.  .A big part of why I couldn't stay sober was I didn't know how to live. To feel emotions it walk through fears without alcohol. Alcohol was the tool I used to deal with life. .Things finally changed once I completely gave myself to the AA program /"God" and did the steps exactly as they did in the big book. I also went to meetings everyday for a few years and hot involved in service home group etc. I went to AA round ups and dances and slowly but surely I walked through those fears and learned how to live a sober life. .  .Do you know why alcohol is only mentioned in step 1 and step 12?.  .Because the rest of the steps teach us how to live without it
Yep I have. My parents eventually threw me out of the house and my life continued to get worse. Finally after living in a car for a year I got the motivation to try something different. ..Today I live a productive life and I'm comfortable in my own skin most of the time.  Honestly I got a life beyond my wildest dreams.   ..AA doesn't provide motivation to work the program; I think alcohol does that. 
I was told once that however far down our disease takes us that's exactly how far we must go to recover. So I try to take this in a literal sense. If my disease took me to living in a car which it did I want my recovery to be about staying in a healthy living situation. If my disease brought me into isolation I want my recovery to be filled with the people I meet in the program. If I always wanted to snowboard but my disease prevented me I want to plan a trip when I have enough sobriety under my belt. In this way my sobriety doesn't become some mandatory exercise that I have to fulfill it becomes a working part of my a better life that I'm trying to build. When I try to organize my life in this way even if I don't accomplish some of these things at least it gives me a healthy sober framework to start moving forward. But sobriety always comes first if you don't have a sponsor get one and start working the steps!
One suggestion: take a commitment at a regular meeting.  Something very small to start (i.e. stacking chairs after or making coffee before...).  Do that every week for a while.  And go to a meeting every day for 90 days.  If you drive/have a car let others around you know that you can offer rides.  When someone asks you for something just do it without considering saying no.  I swear getting out of your head and helping someone else (another alcoholic or group of alcoholics) is the best way to help yourself.  There's a reason people tell newcomers to do certain things... listen to them.  Small steps - no expectations.  But you will begin to see how you need to live your life if you do the work.  
Yeah i go through similar things.  I was at a meeting and some guy was talking he was explaining "what in my life will become better if I drink" so I thought about it and realized if I drink not only are all those things gonna be the same its probably gonna become a lot worse..
I'm 20! Been coming around since I was 16! Can totally relate it's hard as fuck.. being young I always feel like I'm missing out and my  fun  isn't anywhere like it was using. It's a total change but well worth it and I love drugs and alcohol but being sober has treated me to so much more 
