-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a3uins/unsure_about_aa/

I'm not new to AA..I've been on and off for a few years..First sponsor was chill I called him whenever something was on my mind. We met up got past 5th step. Sober 1+ year relapsed...Last 2.5 years I've been drinking on and off..Got another sponsor. He was very traditional God focused. I drank the kool-aid prayed did what he suggested (I'm agnostic) Had even less success than before. I wasn't keen on his authoritarian  you need to run everything by me first  vibe...Now I'm on Antabuse sober two weeks and going to meetings regularly. I've grown a resentment towards the G word and authoritarian sponsors. .I believe there's a lot of value in the steps but the experience I had with my second sponsor has made me more staunchly agnostic and reluctanct to utter the G word again...I'm interested if there are success stories out there of people who have laissez-faires sponsors or  friends' who have helped them through the steps with an accommodation for atheist/agnostic beliefs?...
----------immediate responses--------

My first sponsor was very nice and not strict or hardline. I've heard stories of sponsor's expecting a call at 6p.m. receiving the call at 6:05p.m. and being angry because of the 5 minute delay. I can appreciate that immersion in disciplined routine is healthy sometimes for a newly sober person but personally I wouldn't respond to that kind of rigidity...Friends have definitely been a massive help for me going through the steps. Many of my biggest developments going through the steps happened "working on them" with a non-sponsor. It can be a bit risky because everybody is there for the same reason and not everyone agrees to be a sponsor so being helped by someone who isn't a sponsor might be very challenging for both concerned. Friend A has the best of intentions of helping Friend B but maybe Friend A (despite having earnestly good intentions) isn't truly ready to support/guide another person through the steps causes themselves and Friend B stress/confusion. ..Personally I take or leave the God stuff. It goes in one ear and out the other for me. My spirituality and my sobriety are not inextricably stuck together. One helps but the other certainly but they are not the same thing. Sponsor's who (more or less) bully *my* sobriety with *their* religion are for the birds IMO. The best of kind luck to them. ..Spirituality is a very personal thing. It's taken me quite sometime to figure out my spiritual identity. I don't think it's a healthy idea to allow something external to define you so while other's may be happy to discuss their interpretation of God and 'the right path' I am fine keeping to myself about. Perhaps talking with a couple of close friends about it.
Never had an atheist sponsor but I've also never had a sponsor have of the authoritarian type...Have you ever had a sponsor read chapter 4 of the BB with you?  I hate to tell you but this thing is all about God.  The good news is that it is your concept of God. Chapter 4 of the BB asks us to lay aside all of our "prejudices." It uses this word a lot  in this chapter because many of us have had bad experiences with God so far. It asks us let go of those.  ..Then it tells us that deep down within every man woman and child is the fundamental idea of God.  You see we all have God living within our hearts.  God is in each one of us.  My God may not be the same as your God you might not even call your God "God" but it's there.  We just have to let it/him/her out.  That's what the steps help us do...When thinking about a concept of God whatever yours is think of all the awesome qualities that you would want him to have.  Kindness trustworthiness helpfulness someone who is always there for you and who always takes care of you.  ..Hope that helps.
I sent you what something that helped me. There are many people in AA who don't believe in a religious god. My sponsor told me that I should be respectful of the belief's of others just as I want them to respect mine. She said it was an opportunity to practice patience and tolerance. ..If other's believe there is a god who helps them or whatever so be it. I didn't allow it to turn me off to the benefits of AA especially the fellowship.
One quick thought: if your sponsor situation hasn't worked for you choose a different one; if your God situation isn't working for you choose a different one :)..And as tongue in cheek as that is I believe both are actually key. ..Sponsor-wise - I was told to find someone that had what I wanted and follow his instructions. I met a lot of very pious religious men in AA and found I didn't want what they had. But I did find some men that were deeply spiritual and not religious who had what I wanted. One of them became my sponsor. ..On the god bit I completely believe that the AA founders meant it when they said I could choose my own god. I took them literally and I have chosen my own god and it has nothing to do with the god of my childhood or any kind of conventional western god. It's worked for me and it didn't work for me until I found my own. ..So what worked for me: finding an unconventional sponsor that had what I wanted finding an unconventional god that I could do business with. 
Writing my own ticket didn't work for long. Eventually I got a sponsor who was terrific for me and did what he had done to stay comfortably sober. I still don't know the specifics of what he believes or doesn't after 36 years and he's never been interested in what I do or don't believe...As far as the beliefs or non-beliefs of other members...that puts me to sleep. It's bad form to take up meeting time with that. You may want to avoid those that go into specifics at length. Mostly new people who think we should want know what they think. They usually learn better.
Check out secularaa.org to find atheist/agnostic/freethinker meetings near you and/or online...aabeyondbelief.org and aaagnostica.org are good resources for articles and podcasts about secular sobriety.
Hiya thank of the honest post. A lot of people have the exact same feelings and do not have the courage to type it out. ..Like everyone has typed I too feel you should keep making friends in the program until you find someone you are comfortable enough  "to help you make it through the steps".  **The emphasis is on "help you make it through the steps"**...So many people get caught up by the steps and sponsors but in a nutshell you /u/CaffeineKilosBrah  are going through the steps for yourself: not for anyone else. You have never really done anything like this before. You have a disease in you that gives you behaviors that will make you lie make you lazy make you scared make you angry etc. The sponsor is just an experienced person who knows the BS tricks our disease pulls (lies lazy fear anger etc) and will help keep you motivated help you stay focused and help you finish the steps fully and in a timely manner which includes going out afterwards and staring to help new comers...As for the higher power thing google AA and atheists there is so much material out there. Use it. Don't let the g word block you. BTW. Quit capitalizing it. You are giving it power when you do. It is another way our disease uses to keep people out there killing themselves with alcohol. One of my best friends uses the S word "Science". It is amazing that our disease makes us blind to Science. I bet you can't count the different ways alcoholism has made us ignore the simple laws of science...Anyway I heard this ages ago and I now know that it is true. People can be too smart for AA. We can be so smart it will kill us. I had to make repeated trips to the emergency room with blood alcohol poisoning before I finally shut my brain up and just did what those people before me did. And by doing that I have been able to stay sober and sane for a number of years. ..So good luck. You can do it.
I have attended excellent AA meetings for atheists agnostics and freethinkers.  Aversion to God should no longer impede AA membership.
I'm an atheist with 8 years sober. I did steps with a sponsor who like an atheist Big Book thumper. Totally helped me get over my fear that you have to believe in god or you'll drink. She gave me a solid foundation with historical context (tbh I also had that from previous sober attempts with more traditional back-to-basics sponsors). She enlisted me to do general service too a first for me. But she was not authoritarian in the least. I did all of those things bc I was desperate for sobriety and know how hard it is from all my relapses. I remember once I flaked on calling her at some predetermined time and I thought she was gonna be mad but she never said a single word about. Just didn't even seem to know lol. ..So what else did you want to know about this?
Do you HAVE to have a sponsor? Why can't you just work through the steps with your fellow AA members in the discussion groups? I've been sober a month and I don't want one. I just want to do it my way ( I am a Christian but that doesn't matter for the steps obvs)
AA saved my life - but there are many paths to recovery - my two cents is work the program with a good sponsor 
The whole entire point of the book it so have a spiritual experience.  That's it.  The only reason we work the steps is not to stop drinking- but to have an awakening.  As a result of the awakening we no longer drink.  Along with a bunch of other really fucking cool things.  Your sponsor should have told you that the only authority you  have is a power greater than yourself and no that power does not need to be something outside yourself.  AA never really truly meant for God to be an external search.  My favorite line in the big book:  "In the last analysis you will find the Great Reality deep within.  In the last analysis is it only there that it may be found.  It was so with us".  You don't have to believe in a higher power right now.  I always tell sponsees- you aren't going to \*know\* just yet.  There is knowing over here on the other side of the steps and it only happens when you work them thoroughly and with the guidance of a sponsor who knows what the program was intended to do.   This is a program of inner knowing.  Theres a million people out there who will say otherwise but it truly is.  All your issues you have about God will be irrelevant if you do the work the trick will be finding the right sponsor who understands this.  I know some of this may sound like mumbo jumbo- and you may be thinking "I literally just want to stop drinking"... That was totally me.  I couldn't fucking stop no matter the desire or the wish and now my life is incredible.   And by the way AA is not for everyone.  Theres a lot of BS in the fellowship I do not subscribe to which includes using shame guilt and fear tactics as motivators for people in pain.  That is not the program of AA and the reason many of us have to lean so hard on the idea of "principles not personalities".  People find recovery in many different ways and this path just happens to be what works for me.  Good luck and if you ever have any questions let me know. 
 My sponsor was pretty easy going and I think his insistence was that I do the best I could.  He ask me to try 90 meetings in 90 days.  I went to a lot but I don't think I did 90.   He said to call him every day if I could and I tried.  He said the logic behind that was I should get used to calling people.  So I called him as often as I could - it wasn't daily but I called fairly regularly.    I think his sponsor was patient with him so he was patient with me.  We did all twelve steps. ..Regarding the god thing I bounce around between atheist and agnostic still (and I'm 15 years sober).   I pray every day but I have no idea whom I'm praying to and I don't really care.   For me it was important that I think about the concept of god what I thought god was and wasn't;  important that I was pretty clear on it - which involved figuring that out with a lot of writing and talking (and listening!) in meetings.    So that when I talk about god especially to newcomers that I'm telling the truth as I understand it and not just making shit up to sound good.    If you have a big book read appendix 5 in the back.    ..Regarding sponsorship and the steps it's fundamentally one alcoholic showing another how they worked the steps.   There aren't any rules about it I have known folks to have a sponsor who hasn't worked the steps but it seems like a waste of time to me.  I'm not down with the whole authoritarian thing either.   Good luck to you. 
I'm an agnostic.  Sober 15 years.  The steps don't work unless I work all 12 steps thoroughly and continuously even if imperfectly...That also includes finding a community that I care about and cares about me.  I don't appreciate being told what to do by my sponsor or anybody else so I have a sponsor who shares his experience with me rather than instruct me and I do the same with my sponsees...The first thing that stood out to me in your post was that you've never been through all 12 steps with someone.  A sponsor is just someone who takes you through them.  Everything else is some crap different ppl decided was necessary but in my experience isn't.  Some ppl have sponsors who run their lives other people are friends with their sponsors and more like peers.  My bet is that if you get with someone who doesn't have an opinion about your higher power and who guides through through their experience rather than opinion to work all 12 steps with you you have a very good shot at a happy sober life. 
I would try not to concentrate on the G word too much. I think people give it too much importance. In my opinion the 12 steps help us to act from our true self and not our ego self. To me they are more of a form of self improvement and growth. The G word is just used as a way of allowing us to turn our will over to something else instead of our normal way of living which is trying to control all situations then realising we can't then getting pissed off and turning to drink to self medicate. ..I'm relatively new to AA and the steps but I've been on a self improvement path for a good few years. So I'm looking at this programme from a perspective on allowing me to be a better more contented and improved version of my self. Maybe this may help you if you think of it this way instead of giving too much importance to the G word. Good luck but keep attending those meetings and I'm sure you'll see how much they can help you. I'm already reacting to life's situations more positively and not trying to resist the flow of life which would normally give me the impulse to drink. 
The only reason you drank is you. Sponsors don't get you drunk and they don't get you sober. 
I've never had success sponsoring someone who thinks like you.  I'm a traditional BB recovery advocate.  God is a resentment to you apparently.  I hope you'll become more open-minded and consider how your attitude is working for you--it sounds pretty miserable.  To be honest Antabuse is now your higher power.
I've had my share of bullshit sponsors. And I've had seasons in my sobriety and active addiction where the word "god" literally turned my stomach. I'm sober today and happy for the most part. Honesty  willingness but mostly honesty with myself was what helped me move forward in those times. By honesty I mean that I had to FULLY concede to innermost  self that  I was an alcoholic and did not possess the knowledge no-how  resources faith belief  or strength too stay sober on my own. I could not manage my own life. That shit wasn't gods problem or my  weirdo sponsors..it was mine to own.  Start there is my suggestion. 
Hello and good job reaching out ..So many of us balk at the word God.  Myself included.  Just saying it still makes me feel uncomfortable.  ...It wasn't until I had 2 years of sobriety that I began to realize what my issue with God was.  ...My issue was that I didn't believe in him.  However in order to not believe in something you have to have a concept of what it is.  ...I realized I was hung up on the biblical concept of God. Because that's all I've known.  .But there have literally been thousands of Gods throughout history.  I'm familiar with a very small handful.  Who am I to dismiss all of that spiritually without knowing a thing about it. ...My God today is probably closest to the Ancient Egyptian Sun God Ra.   Basically the power that lies behind nature and spins our planets and galaxies around the universe. ...Our scientists can measure that force and its trajectory.  But no one knows where or how it began.   The best guess so far is a huge explosion that created everything.  But what was the origin of the Big Bang.   And how is it possible that the universe never actually ends.  ...That force and unknown answers are my Higher Power. Feel free to use them till you figure out your own.   
I can't exist in the authoritarian A.A. regime. I tried. I met some really kind people but also some certified nutjobs. Its like visiting Jonestown for an hour. They all have this feverish look in their eyes silently hoping you'll be the one to make this lifestyle all right. But doing something to satisfy another person's expectation never works.
There is not much I can add that has not been said already. But I have to admit most of the posts to this thread are bookmark worthy. So I am bookmarking this. Love the concepts and conversation in this thread. It is certainly worth the read. Thanks to all involved.
Maybe finding the right group?  AA did not teach me how to not drink but it has taught me how to live in sobriety. (Paraphrase of the last personal story in the BB) For me there is a difference between religion and spirituality. My higher power is more like the force in nature and I find some peace in sharing with it about the things that I cannot change. 
I'd suggest you go drinking it's a great motivator aka shit or get off the pot 
