-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a46e0h/just_picked_up_my_4_month_coin_need_advice/

I live in a very small town of nosy people. I have been active in AA for 6 months...I met a nice older woman at my very first meeting ever. I told her I was struggling and fresh out of detox (hospital). She told me she would not be my sponsor but my "spiritual guide" throughout my journey. I never asked for her to be either one...I have been working 2 jobs recently as a single mom and have missed a lot of meetings due to my child being very ill. This woman has my phone number and will text asking if I am going. If I do not reply she asks things like "are you even working the steps?"...She missed tonight's meeting and I did not know the church moved the meeting. I was lost in the church and texted her asking if she was there. She replied she could not make it but I told her I had just picked up my 4 month coin. Her reply was "You working any of those steps yet?"...So I have a non-sponsor who is checking up on me when she's not even going to meetings herself...Can I tell her to back off (politely).
----------immediate responses--------

Yes.
Do you have a sponsor yet? That's really the important thing. If you've got one just tell her it's between the two of you but you appreciate her checking.
Yes. Congrats on 4 months woooo! .I think the steps are helpful and ultimately necessary but those who shove it in your face at meetings are definitely not the ones I vibe with. I do live in a large city tho so there's a lot of different kind of AAers which I am grateful for. 
They say take what you want leave the rest.  It's up to you if you want to work steps or have a sponsor.
You can but i would not close the door there. ..I'm gonna go out on a limb here and i'm gonna say something that you will probably think is crazy but I'm gonna say it anyways........It is my opinion that God sent that lady over to you to talk to you and help you. You.....are reacting in the usual alcoholic fashion aloof suspicious this is not good for us we need to do our best to get along and be part of the fellowship of AA. But our fears drag us back towards the fringes we feel more comfortable there...God knows this and sends friendly encouraging people to us to point the way. Alcoholics are full of fear we misinterpret these people's intentions what does SHE want? how can they help me? I don't WANT their help thank you very much keep it to yourself please...I can well remember the feeling of avoiding these people at the meetings i would attend. There was a battle inside me the fears demanded that I not let them in and yet..... there was something deeper unfamiliar quietly powerful within me that was affected everytime i turned away from their efforts to be friendly. I cannot find the words to explain this fully most alcoholics who read this will understand i think...I can sum it up in a quote " the people in AA loved me until I was able to love myself and now I try my best to pass it on freely as was done for me "
Yes of course. However it sounds to me like she's just checking in with you. Perhaps she's striking at something you're feeling bad about and that's why it's irking you or maybe there's more to it that I'm not getting but seems like pretty run of the mill AA stuff. If you're not doing the steps and/or you feel hesitant about asking her to back off maybe ask her why she's so concerned about it and you guys can talk about other deeper stuff and then maybe it won't bother you so much.
Great question to ask your sponsor.
