-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a4a90y/i_didnt_have_a_desire_to_quit_drinking_i_had_a/

Very powerful message my friend shared this morning...I often ask people... Why are you really here? Is this a break between relapses? Are you just waiting it out for things to get better so you can go back to the bar? Trying to get the wife off your back?... Or do you truly believe with all your heart and soul that you can never SAFELY take another drink again?..Whatever the reason... Be honest with yourself so you can start the journey healing...May God bless you and keep you till then
----------immediate responses--------

True words. I must say I'm terrified of drinking again ever. 
I got asked this during my assessment before treatment.  It's a great question.  I sponsored a fellow who just wanted to reconcile with his wife.  When she filed for divorce he went back to drinking and partying.
Many folks come into the rooms for all kinds of reasons. The courts the ol'lady the boss etc... but you are right that Honest desire is all that matters. Many stay many don't but at least they know where their is help if life starts kicking their ass once again... 
plus one to this. 
Right on! Sounds in the save family as my typical motto: " I don't live to get sober I get sober so I can live again"
If the disease has any good news it is about aging.   Not many active alcoholics make it to old age.  Of course there are always exceptions but accidents hazards livers hearts kidneys etc. take out most alcoholics before ripe old age sets in...I am now 77 healthy and active thanks solely to AA.   When I was young I could pound down the drinks mount up and ride and carry on ridiculous pursuits with gusto.   Now I know full well that if I drank that I would end up frozen in my easy chair in minutes afraid to get up for fear of falling afraid to go outside because I would not have the energy to do anything  except possibly find my way to the liquor store one more time...I am extremely happy and grateful that AA has provided me with good health and good choices.   I hope that younger folks in AA can realize how important this freedom is..
Yessss! People look at me crazy when I say I didn't come into the rooms to get sober I came into the rooms to change my entire fkn life. Drinking was always a symptom for me it goes so much deeper than that.  
Hi all. I'm 30 and been drinking for half my life. Liver enzymes messed up going to AA counseling honesty. I can't figure out if I want to quit. It's just a habit after work go to the store. In the morning finish what's left on the nightstand. I'm meeting and talking to great people and my family. I'm in a long term relationships and hoping to have a baby one day. The thing that got me focused (enough) was some DT I experienced twice. Can anyone relate or offer any guidance? Thank you. 
There's two types of people in the rooms... those who want to recover and those who just want to rest. 
