-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a4aynh/90_days_today/

I'm sober for 90 days. I go to group therapy once a week and to AA once a week. Also have individual therapy. All helps a lot. I'm working on understanding my triggers and learning to avoid get triggered. It's easier than when I started although I'm still aware and still very careful. I'm actually terrified that I will relapse...Any advice on how to keep my shit together? 
----------immediate responses--------

1: sponsor and AA meetings more than once a week..2: TALK as much as you can about everything that hurts..3: Be patient. 
Congrats on the big 90! I wish I could identify triggers. I get triggered as soon as I open my eyes in the morning. Thank god for the steps for freeing me from triggers and the mental obsession. 
This is a huge milestone and you are very inspiring! Keep up the hard work.
The promise of a better tomorrow helped me stay sober one day at a time until I found some peace in my sobriety. For me it took just over six months to hit that point. Your mileage will vary. I stayed busy with work and also getting some understanding of alcohol addition and recovery. Belief that I was making progress was important to staying the course. Best wishes.
Well I guess it shouldn't be a surprise that someone in an AA group will say the way to get your shit together is work the AA program. That means working the steps. 1 meeting a week and seeing a therapist weekly is not working the AA program. ..The recipe for success is 90 meetings in 90 days get a sponsor and work the steps. That's what I did and continue to do; it's working really well.  I can't say my shit is 100% together but I don't live in a car anymore have a good job wife and haven't been arrested in well over 20 years.  More important than all that is that the big gnawing home in my gut is gone and I'm comfortable in my own skin most of the time. 
Getting a sponsor and working the steps is what did it for me. I don't think I could have stayed sober if I hadn't opened up to other people about what was going on. I didn't want to do that but the prospect of staying miserable was more terrifying than the prospect of change. 
Congrats dude.. weldone! You stand where millions have failed. Stay close to the programme work the steps with a sponsor make the calls always! And be gentle and patient with yourself! 
I am not a drinker myself. However I have two family members close to me who considered themselves alcoholics went through and are continuing to go to AA meetings. The main takeaway I see from their years of sobriety is that they replaced drinking with something else. That something else is a healthier alternative that keeps them busy. Keeping your mind and body occupied and away from drinking seems to be very important. You can't drink if you don't give yourself an opportunity to do it. ..&amp;#x200B;..I wish you the best of luck in your journey. Take up a new hobby go to the gym work extra hours. There are countless more things you can do!
Every day I'd wake up and tell myself I'll drink tomorrow  I'd plan it get a little excited inside. It made me feel LIKE I wasn't stopping forever because that seemed impossible! Tomorrow came and I'd say it again not today tomorrow.Yeah tomorrow I'm gonna get fucked up!  4 years sober and I was SICK! I still can't believe I made it! But just today right? I gave up all cash credit cards drivers license I.d.  for 4 months. I couldn't even have 5$ on me! Vodka is cheap! Eventually I trusted myself to go to store alone. I recently moved from Sacramento to a small town why? I was thinking of drinking. Yep I'll go to ANY length!.
