-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a53rwt/embarrassed/

I recently came back from a four day bender. I've been sober eight days now. I've been in and out of AA for the last seven or so years with various levels of involvement and various lengths of sobriety with some field research sprinkled throughout...I find myself embarrassed to go back to meetings. I already know a lot of people in AA and I feel like whenever someone asks me "how have you been?" or "how are you doing?" I'm obligated to explain what happened let them know I relapsed then they will give me their sympathy etc. I've already shared exactly what happened with a number of people I'm close with in the program and I'm sick of constantly feeling like I have to re-hash it and then get someone's sympathy and or advice. Some people are well intentioned but the most annoying is when they will try to evangelize me with their particular brand of AA. I guess I'm just frustrated for a number of reasons and wanted to vent a little bit.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 21 have gotten 15 24 hour chips. Who gives a fuck bro
What part of successful recovery have you not done? Start doing those things. You don't have to be a chronic relapser anymore.
"Rarely have we seen a person fail who has thoroughly followed our path" is what the book says. I believe it. 
I think just saying you took a break is fine. You really don't have to explain to anyone you don't want to. Or just say "did more research found out its the same". If people start to go on about what you should or shouldn't be doing let them know you and your sponsor are on it...Some people truly want to help and some will use your struggle to make themselves feel superior. The latter might be what's getting to you. Just remember people in AA are sick and you don't have to take on their shit. It's awesome and courageous that you are back. Keep going and work the program as fearlessly and as thorough as possible.
At the end of the day if another alcoholic is judging you for failure than they probably aren't an alcoholic. I mean if you truly are an alcoholic it's a miracle that you are in recovery to begin with. You're expected to be drinking a 60 ounce a day. Embrace that you're trying to boss up on this pussy asss diesease and flex up
I had a 20 year quest for rock bottom.  3 DUI's starting at 19.  Kicked out of college.  2 failed marriages.  2 failed businesses.  Shunned by my children.  Major health crises.  Several trips to psych ward.  On my deathbed with respiratory failure and in a coma was the end.  That occurred after nearly 5 years in AA with varying lenghts of success. ..I always went back.  Thankfully it has stuck one day at a time for many 24 hours.  Things will never be perfect but the experiences of others is what I need.  AA is not a comparison program.  I don't have to measure up to anyone.  I only need to pray for being pointed in the right direction at night and the same in the morning.  AA will always have your back friend regardless of the world around us.
I need to hear your story so I can learn from your experience.  Otherwise I am risk of having to learn first hand.  The place I will hear your story is in a meeting.  You can help a lot of people.
I guess the question is "do you want to go to AA?" ..If your desire to avoid embarrassment overrides your desire for recovery through AA by all means don't go back.  ..AA was the last house on the block for me.  I had nowhere else to go.  
You're the one telling them. If you don't want to talk about it don't. If someone asks how long have you been sober for simply answer I'm sober today and that's all that matters.... Which is true
