-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a5c3v8/it_seems_like_a_constant_struggle_for_some/

A few months into AA now and most people appear content in the meetings but I've noticed a few who appear like they are sober but constantly struggling. It's like they are white knuckling it. A lady tonight who shared and has been through a lot is 5 years sober but her share painted a picture of constant struggling. She said she sober so obviously that's the main thing but she still finds every day hard. Most shares are up beat and positive but this share was a bit of a downer if I'm honest. ..I know we are never cured and it's a programme of recovery but is it always going to be a struggle for the rest of my life? I thought once the desire had gone and we have worked the steps it would be a kind of maintenance rather than struggling or am I getting my wires crossed? 
----------immediate responses--------

Ime I wasn't struggling after 9 months had passed. No idea why the lady's finding her sobriety hard to continue after 5 years. A line in the book comes to mind regarding how things typically go for those who are not happy with their sobriety.
I have 5 years sober I am overall content happy. I have nowhere near the amount of cravings I had in the beginning of sobriety where I was white knuckling everyday. But yes I do have my days where I have cravings to drink. To me I look at this as normal not abnormal. My brain and it's wiring are just permanently altered. That is why we say we are recovering never fully recovered. It's a disease that can stay dormant for years and just some days the disease shows it's ugly head. That's the way I view it. But when that happens I remind myself that this too shall pass. And guess what? It always does!
Shit changes.  Life changes.  Nothing necessarily to do with alcohol.   We get jobs/lose jobs.  Have a happy marriage then an unhappy spell comes.  We are fit then get fat.  A loved one dies. We get old!    Sobriety and all the wonderful tools and fellowship of AA really help BUT they don't stop time or fix life.  So we struggle.  Being a practicing Theravada Buddhist I can tell you that ALL of the Buddha's (Gautama) life work was focused on how to relieve stress and suffering...I was young and very fit whenI got sober in AA.  Now years later I am getting old (nearly 80).  While very grateful for AA and a long life I am stressed.  Aches and pains and low energy.   But I am still happy and try to be of use.   Progress NOT perfection...
It won't be easy if you're not practicing these principles in all your affairs. 
For me the mental obsession with drinking was removed so not drinking is not a struggle.  Living well sober (with emotional maturity and sobriety) has been a fifteen year progression so far.  I feel like it is part of my life mission.  Until my wife declares me the perfect husband and father I still have work to do but it is a labor of love not desparation.
I don't think about drinking at all. About four years sober here and I haven't thought about taking a drink since very early on. The most important thing for me is to practice the principles of the program outside of the rooms of AA. I got the point where I can do that by thoroughly working the steps. I have no idea why some people struggle. All I know is I wanted to be happy so whenever I had the choice between changing or sticking with my old unhealthy behavior I chose to change. Be fearless and thorough and the promises will come true for you. 
I am 5 years in. I had a really tough summer. I even walked to alcohol aisles at Walmart. I had to move unexpectedly and had to go to the liquor store to get boxes. It was only with great concentration and constant contact with my sponsor that I can't through with sobriety and sanity in tact. ..The weeks after Thanksgiving I wrecked my car and hav had 7 days of being down with a broke arm and had to stay with the people I moved away from this summer. Add to that some strong pain meds and surgery and it was tough. ..If you had seen me sure you'd think I was struggling when I shared. But now I'm on the mend and stronger emotionally and in a much better place. ..The point is that there are some people who will be  sober  and miserable all the time and some who will be sober and miserable some of the time. ..I tend to concentrate on my own recovery and where I am at any given time. 
.Life still happens when your sober.the only constant is change.  Just dont white knuckle.   its all about how we handle and decide to proccess it. 
Listen to speaker tapes by Chris R.  You can find them on youtube or xa-speakers.org..&amp;#x200B;..WE DO RECOVER.  If you do the work (ALL of it) you will absolutely recover.  In my experience people who struggle for years in the way you are talking about fall into at least one of the following categories:.. 1) have not completed a thorough(key word being thorough) 4th step .. 2) have not completed all amends (key word being ALL).. 3) are not practicing a daily meditation practice (11th step)(key word being daily) .. 4) Are not carrying the message to newcomers via sponsorship.. or 5) have untreated outside issues (mental illnesses eating disorders etc)..Hope this helps.  Best of luck!
Life is life just because we stop drinking doesn't make life line up for us shit I just found out an hour ago I'm getting a divorce and I'm 9 yrs sober. .I've had lots of ups and downs but I don't struggle with the desire to drink. That was removed. The people who struggle in AA are always working their programs not the program. There are actually very few people in the fellowship of AA that do the program exactly as it's laid out in the big book. They do it half assed or just do meetings and they struggle well no shit. I call it burger King sobriety I'll do it my way...  . .My program gets me drunk. . .The program EXACTLY from the book keeps me sober. . .
For me it was at about 5 months.  I didn't know it at the time.  I had a crushing urge to drink that brought me to my knees.  I asked for help not to drink that night and didn't drink.  I had recently completed Steps 5 6 and 7 with my sponsor.  That was the last troubling thought about drinking I have had and that was more than 14 years ago.
Everyone's recovery is different and yours is no exception.  It's great to listen to others experiences but don't take their burdens on yourself.  You'll struggle sometimes too but hopefully you can maintain an nice even keel most of the time.  I've seen the same thing you have- people with much more sobriety than I have that struggle a lot more day to day and have to put a lot more effort into their sobriety than I do.  I thank my higher power every day that I don't really struggle much with the desire to drink and am just fine and dandy on 2 meetings a week most of the time.  
I paid attention to what the people who were comfortable were saying as well as the ones struggling.  .It seems people who are comfortable have a sponsor and are working the steps the ones who aren't don't. 
Nobody has any idea what other struggles this woman may going through from physical or mental health issues. So say that if she worked her AA program better that life would just be sunshine and lollipops is laughable. Whatever she has or is going through she manages to stay sober. Five years is nothing to laugh at and most don't get anywhere near that amount of time.
I've always been told that it's not the amount of you have but the quality of sobriety within it. ..I know a woman who has two and a half years and struggles everyday. She is a dry drunk. She doesn't do what she needs to do and it shows. I know someone who has six months sober and is doing wonderfully. He jumped right in and is doing what's needed and it shows. 
