-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a5vwpo/how_do_i_help_my_brother_moderate_his_drinking/

Hi friends..I've never posted here before but was hoping you could give me some advice on a family situation. My brother has long had a problem with alcohol abuse and I'm hoping you could provide some advice on how best to moderate his use over the holidays and how to firmly but not confrontationally help him to stop when he's had enough. ..He's the father to newborn twins (2 months old) and his wife recently sent us a message asking for our help over the holidays. It seems he binge-drank Wednesday night became sick and was unable to stand - leaving her to care for both twins and her 5 year old from a prior marriage. ..We're all meeting up at my parents home in 10 days and I am hoping this community might provide some advice on:..1) How to talk to him about it..2) How to be supportive of his struggle..3) How to help him avoid the temptation entirely..4) How to help him realize when it's time to stop if we do have a bottle of wine open or a case of beer in the fridge..His wife and kids are the best thing that's happened to him and it was painful to read her message - I'm afraid he may damage his marriage irreparably if he can't get his drinking under control. ..I'd be tempted just to not serve alcohol at all but he may recognize that as an attempt to limit his access and it may be difficult because in-laws are flying in from the south of France. ..In the past any attempt to confront him about his excessive drinking has led him to become angry and defensive (a common reaction I know) and has not been productive...Thank you for any advice you can offer...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Alanon knows how to solve your problem. 
You need Al Anon. This sounds like a recipe for disaster and heartbreak for you. There is nothing you can say or do to keep him sober. Al Anon has great tools to help you.
www.alanon.org..
You can't help another person moderate their drinking. He can't or he would already be doing it. ..Beyond kindly expressing your concern there is little you can do but take care of yourself. Alanon meetings helped me cope with the alcoholism of loved ones. See /r/Alanon.
You don't help your brother moderate his drinking. It is his choice. You can only take care of yourself. You can voice yours concerns but not much else. It is his decision to make.
Alanon is great but I disagree with those that say there is nothing you can do. Your family can get together and talk to a therapist to discuss a possible intervention. Treatment is an option!
You can't help him...You can help HER. Twin babies and a 5 year old is a tremendous amount of work for anyone - but dealing with that and an active alcoholic sounds like a nightmare. I would ask her what you can do to help her cope (maybe babysit while she goes to an AlAnon meeting?)
Its worth trying to talk to him and trying to help. I wouldn't listen to the people saying that you can't help him and to help yourself. .A lot assume that you have to hit rock bottom before you get sober. That's not true. You talking to him could help him see what he has to lose..Worth a try in my opinion. 
