-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a6ivse/hard_time_committing/

I have been sober for 2 years. I go in and out of AA sometimes I go weeks without a meeting. I do have a sponsor I talk to almost daily and I am actively working on my steps. However I find it very hard to stay active in AA. I have never really jumped into the fellowship. It's not that I dont want to I just have a hard time committing my life to AA. Has anyone ever experienced this? How did you become more active and give more time to AA? I work 30 hrs a week and have a 5 month old baby and a husband (I usually cookclean and do all house chores as well) ... I'm not in a bad place where I feel like I'll relapse just wish I could get more involved and stick with it
----------immediate responses--------

I have had times when I didn't want to go to meetings but I had a service commitment to serve coffee during meetings once a week. I did not want to break my commitment with the group and continued to go that one hour a week until that cycle broke. .Get involved in service. Not sure what your groups offer as such but a commitment as a trusted Servant or a coffee bar gig does wonders. You will meet others who are helping the groups run and be there for the sick and suffering coming in the doors...
Don't beat yourself up or let other AA people make you feel guilty. You are doing a great job. ..Do not let AA make you feel ashamed.
If our purpose is to stay sober and become healthy members of society then you've got it nailed! It sounds like you are well balanced between AA and outside life. My experience is the exact opposite and it has caused a lot of pressure feeling like I have no life outside the rooms. You're doing great :)
Bravo for 2 year!..I am sober probably longer than you are old and I have never committed my life to AA. You have a lot on your plate and seem to be doing the best you can do. You are living your best life. Maybe you will have more time as your baby gets older but now your life sounds pretty full...Maybe you and your husband could go to an open meeting together sometimes and then out to dinner. 
Your main commitment is to yourself and your loved ones. Sober for two years? Whatever you're doing - your doing it right. If you can get to a meeting and touch base do otherwise stay on your path and have a happy sobriety.
Are you drinking??? If not... Then you are doing good. ..We get sober so we become better people. If you're taking care of you're family... You're alot better person than I. Keep doing what you're doing. The Fellowship will be here if we ever need us. May God bless you and keep you until then.
