-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a7vr5b/views_on_clean_time/

I will have five years clean and sober from alcohol and heroin come February.  I am very proud of myself and so thankful to AA NA and my God that I was able to get to this point.  I work in a rehab now in their detox unit and one thing that I have been noticing is that a lot of the people that come in have had some clean time in the past but relapsed.  When I talk to them about it most of them tell me that they were at the wrong place at the wrong time or that something bad happened and they drank or drugged because of it.  Then after doing so they realize that all of their clean time that they had accrued were now gone which puts them in a downward spiral right back to where they were.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Do you guys think that "clean time" is more beneficial or more detrimental to ones sobriety when taking what I just wrote into the equation?  ..&amp;#x200B;..I have been leaning more and more to the detrimental side because of all of these stories that I am being told.  I have been trying to tell them without making it sound like it's ok to relapse that if they do to not freak out because their "clean time" is now gone.  I have been telling them that hopefully they never relapse but if they do to not use it as an excuse to go right back to what they were doing.  That they can get right back on the path that they strayed from with everything being the same except for now instead of them having 2 years clean they now have 1 year and 364 days clean instead of zero.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Let me know what you guys think! It'd be very helpful to me as I am constantly trying to figure out better ways to get them to stay steadfast on their path of sobriety.  Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

I have 11 days clean and sober right now. In the past I've had 522 days and 509 days and drank again. When I did I felt like an absolute failure. Like I'd thrown out all the time I had built up. But one of the biggest things about this run that is different is I refuse to let the number of days I havent gotten loaded for define who I am. The fact is the last 4 years I've had just over 1000 days sober and those days have shown me how to not drink or drug today. Nothing wlan matters. 
There will come a time when we have no defense against the first drink. ..I believe that while I AM in remission I  will never be able to drink again. I will never be cured. I will always have to take steps to keep me in a state where I am aware that the first drink will take me back where I was 5 years ago. ..I had 20+ years I didn't drink but I was not aware of the solution to a better way of living. ..The better way is having support. There are several different programs or methods to help with maintaining sobriety. I found one that works for me I believe that is the key to staying in recovery.  I still raised my kids without being a drunk absentee mom. I was out there for a while and went down fast. I am back and in better form and with more tools than before. ..
congrats on your five years...Thing is - all any of us has is today...As I see it.  It's not so much about time as not being vulnerable - in a mental place where you will pick up because of whatever.  That takes working a program of fixing the "need" to drink/drug that is 'activated' by whatever 'trigger'...Nobody poured alcohol down their throats while threatening to toss them out of a helicopter unless they took drugs.  ..Sure Shit happens.  A person in recovery deals with it (often with help from others in recovery) and gets through it and is stronger for it.  My divorce the deaths of my parents my daughter's wedding and much much more are evidence that no matter what - we don't have to drink.  I have seen this in countless others...The big problem here is that a slip is not always reversible.  Not everybody comes back.  Some die some end up in prison some just keep drinking / drugging.  So again to my mind it's not losing a day its threatening their lives.  So somehow allowing a justification of any sort is not helping...The longer I am in recovery (and it's been a long while) the less tolerant I am of 'triggers' - an excuse is only that an excuse.  I used to consider Tuesday an excuse. Yet Somehow I was able to keep Sept 11 from being an excuse (I was close)  - had a few years then and it (sirens jumpers crowds fire...) caused the first compulsion I'd had in at least ten - but I kept walking and it has been the last compulsion I've had...The better way for me is just not to have compulsions/triggers/whatever.  Even though I am agnostic I do believe I have had a "spiritual awakening" that has taken me to this place.  And that I credit the steps with.  ..
Right now is the only time I have to make the decision to not want to drink.  It doesn't matter what I did before or how I tried to stay sober before.  I'm either choosing at any time to move toward my recovery or to move toward drinking again.  It's that simple.  
I never relapsed but I do like to tell people that their sober time didn't disappear. It seems to me that having periods of sobriety is better than no sobriety. I would never put myself in such a position that I would use or drink again willingly but I can also see that some people haven't lost enough yet to make the leap.
I relapsed and one thing I noticed is that I descended into the cycle of active addiction significantly faster than I did on my previous tries...&amp;#x200B;..I know for me the guilt and shame about relapsing and losing my clean date didn't help that spiral...&amp;#x200B;..That said the days I can string in a row are more significant to me and part of my commitment to recovery.  I'm not sure that I would stay on the road to recovery as diligently as I have without those days (9 years in February).
You say this like it's a choice that people drink and go down the toilet that they should have chosen better for themselves. That shows a shallow understanding. ..I've never thought much of those who get jobs in the field only met one who I've had any respect for. The rest seem to get pretty sick.
