-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a8c8sg/relapsing/

Quit drinking February of this year but started slowly relapsing about four months ago. Currently drinking and feeling horrible about it. ..I feel so good when sober. Drinking only makes me feel good while the liquid is on my lips then immediately I feel guilty and tired. Feel like I can't get enough sleep. Guilty for lying to my loved ones. ..I know of the 12 step program and I don't prescribe to it's message. I love that it's helped people but I'd like to feel I'm intelligent enough to not need it. It feels too Christian to me in its message.  ..But here I am. Drunk midday and posting anonymously in an AA group. So maybe I'm just to cynical and need to learn something new. ..I don't mean or intend to offend (seriously) but AA seems like bullshit to me. Am I wrong? I know I need help but I'm a Pantheist by nature which is for those who don't know at least similar to Atheist or Agnostic. ..I feel like from what I've read this post may offend most AA members. And I'm sorry if it does. I'm casting a line for help. ..Religion and doctrine aside I just need some help. I like being sober and when I am just want to be drinking. And when I'm drinking I feel good and then the bottle is empty and I feel like shit. I've galvanized this post with religious cynicism but would accept help and support from anywhere. 
----------immediate responses--------

You should head over to /r/stopdrinking. It's a great welcoming community and a lot of people there have the same feelings towards AA as you do.
I have a good friend who is Wiccan and works the AA program. She found a God of her understanding! I don't get the cynasim though because I felt the same way going in. What AA has given me is a support group that I lean on and a place I can go to vent. The 12 steps helped a lot but I also pursued therapy as well. The combination is what helped me the most. ..I hope you find what you need       
You could try the atheist/agnostic/free thinker meetings...These subs may be useful r/alcoholism r/dryalcoholics r/cripplingalcoholism r/alcoholism_medication
This may help you more than correcting your misconceptions about AA. Picture the point you would need to arrive at where you want to leave drinking behind so badly that you hardly care how it's done...Wait for that point to arrive. When it does then do all the AA stuff. It's imo a waste of everyone's time for an alcoholic to go too early.
&gt;  I love that it's helped people but I'd like to feel I'm intelligent enough to not need it. ..I felt the same way. My probation officer forced me to go to 3 AA meetings so I went to 5 figuring it would impress him and get him off my case. The next time I reported he asked me if I was still going..."Maddox " I said (his name was Jim Maddox) "I'm glad there's a place like for for people who need it but I'm not that bad."..He just looked at me and didn't say anything. The truth is I was that bad when I was a teenager. A couple of years later after alcohol had beaten and battered me into submission I finally went and after a few stumbles have been clean and sober ever since. I will be forever grateful that he showed me where to go when I decided I needed help...&gt; I don't mean or intend to offend (seriously) but AA seems like bullshit to me...Well the proof is in whether it works or not not whether it conforms to the ideas of a drinking alcoholic. AA doesn't work for everybody but it does work for those who work it. Historically that's about [26% of the people who walk through the doors looking for help](http://hindsfoot.org/recout01.pdf). Whether it will help you or not is unknown because you haven't tried it. One sure way of remaining in ignorance is contempt prior to investigation and it appears that you have that in spades.
Getting sober via the 12 steps has nothing to do with intelligence. I was very resistant for a long time too. Unfortunately I needed to continue through a lot of pain until I was finally brought to a point of surrender. I had to become willing to try anything. The only thing that got me there was constant suffering and constantly hurting the people around me etc. ..I wish I could have just listened to others when they said do the 12 steps and your life will change for the better. And I wish I could have understood that surrendering to a higher power did not have to be related to religion in any way. But I was stubborn and I wasn't ready yet. ..I hope you find a way but if not I hope it gets bad enough that you will surrender to the idea that you don't know best.
 ..&gt;I know of the 12 step program and I don't prescribe to it's message. I love that it's helped people but I'd like to feel I'm intelligent enough to not need it. ..That's fine AA isn't for everyone.  I like to think I'm pretty intelligent too and have credentials to prove it.  But the reality is that before I dove into AA I couldn't stay sober; afterwards I haven't got drunk.  My sponsor likes to say "You can be too smart for AA but you can't be too dumb."  I think he's trying to make a point.  ..&gt;It feels too Christian to me in its message...No problem.  AA has many things in common with Christianity.  Like I said it's not for everyone it may not be for you.  ..&gt;But here I am. Drunk midday and posting anonymously in an AA group. ..Huh.  Maybe you aren't intelligent enough to stay sober on your own contrary to your opinion.    ..&amp;#x200B;..&gt;I don't mean or intend to offend (seriously) but AA seems like bullshit to me. Am I wrong? ..Who knows.  Personally I don't care if it's bullshit because it's how myself along with millions of others stay sober; its the most successful way for real alcoholics to stay sober long term.  ..&gt;  .&gt;  .&gt;I know I need help but I'm a Pantheist by nature which is for those who don't know at least similar to Atheist or Agnostic...So what.  AA doesn't really care what your spiritual beliefs are.  ..&gt;I feel like from what I've read this post may offend most AA members. And I'm sorry if it does. I'm casting a line for help.  .&gt;  .&gt;Religion and doctrine aside I just need some help. I like being sober and when I am just want to be drinking. And when I'm drinking I feel good and then the bottle is empty and I feel like shit. ..I know how you feel I used to feel like that.  Diving into AA changed that for me.  ..Your post reminded me of what one of AA's cofounders wrote:..*" If you think you are an atheist an agnostic a skeptic or have any other form of intellectual pride which keeps you from accepting what is in this book I feel sorry for you. If you still think you are strong enough to beat the game alone that is your affair. But if you really and truly want to quit drinking liquor for good and all and sincerely feel that you must have some help we know that we have an answer for you. It never fails if you go about it with one half the zeal you have been in the habit of showing when getting another drink."* ..&amp;#x200B;
Everything seems like bullshit until you really try it. You haven't given it an honest try yet. You don't understand AA yet so you don't prescribe to it but prescribing to something you don't understand goes against your desires. You have to admin whether alcohol has you for keeps if yes then you should consider trying AA for real many people have recovered from drinking using this fellowship. Good luck.
All you have to be is willing to be willing to believe in God. Also it's a God of your own choosing some people think of it as just the laws of nature for example. ..Are you willing to believe that something perhaps like gravity exerts force in the universe? Seems like a pretty small ask. 
Honest question: Have you read the book? Cause rejecting a program you haven't explored seems fairly foolish.  
I'm an atheist and have found AA to not be "too Christian."  I'm doing okay.  You might want to look for quad-A meetings:  AA for Atheists and Agnostics...
Honestly there's nothing offensive in your post OP. Go to a meeting. Go to another meeting tomorrow. Don't drink in between meetings. ..The main point of AA is to get an alcoholic away from the idea that they are god. We have a disease that centers in the mind...*What I don't think I'm a god!*..If I don't think I'm god-lord shit king over Poop Mountain why do act like everyone is dumber than me? Why do I continue to hurt the people who love me and hurt myself and make promises I can't fulfill? Why do I pretend I'm in control when everyone outside of me knows it differently? Why do I think it's okay to drive drunk with my kids in the car that I'm above the rules that it's *everybody else who is wrong.*..I'm not specifically adressing you OP. This is me this is all of us. For some reason AA worked for a non-Christian like me. Because I was out of choices. And it really works. Getting a sponsor and doing the steps solved the drink problem for me...Just give yourself a chance. Do it for one year. Do what sober people tell you to do within the means of reason and excluding predatory behavior. You can always return to drinking and know you gave it your best. 
Let me see drunk midday and AA is bullshit. Nobody can make you sober up or make you drink. It is your choice on a daily basis. It seems that you continue to choose poorly. You don't offend me and maybe you will sober up and maybe you will end up being another statistic. It is up to you.
What are some examples of  recovery-lite' you're referring to ( An easier softer way...')? Just curious... 
Intelligent enough to not need AA but not smart enough to not pick up the first drink... Lol 
Check out SMART Recovery meetings. Refuge Recovery is another option...I enjoy some of the AA fellowship sometimes and AA is everywhere so it can be OK. I also cannot take much of what AA is though. It's just another option.
Maybe you and your superior intelligence are wrong. I mean we're sober and happy and you're drunk and miserable. .  .I say this because I once thought like you so many of us did. It's called contempt prior to investigation and it's actually based out of fear and ego. . .If you look at the situation from a third person not knowing anything at all about anything then looked at you (drunk and miserable) and then looked at me (sober 9 years happy family career etc) who would you chose to emulate/try to be like??     .  .Yet you think you know better than us AA's even though all proof points that to be false.   .I get it but it's insane... .   .
The message of Alcoholics Anonymous is that you don't have to drink ever again and you can live happy joyous and free without alcohol. Alcoholics Anonymous is not religious and certainly not Christian. There's even a chapter called "We Agnostics" because the program is not about defining your beliefs to other people. Ask me anything.
I was very desperate to stop as well. I am a pretty intelligent guy but for some reason I just could not stop drinking. I had every single problem with AA you could think of (somewhere between atheist and agnostic here) but I could not deny that there seemed to be a large number of people in AA were both sober a d happy to be the sober. The latter part was particularly important to me. I knew this because the wife of a good friend of mine had gotten sober in AA and by all outside appearnaces did not seem to be a religious wacko or a cult member. She seemed well-rounded and happy. I desperately wanted that for myself...So desperate as I was I simply made the decision to give AA an honest try before deciding it wasn't for me. Not a totally unreasonable decision right? If it didn't work for me I could always look back and say that I did all the suggested things. I didn't want to be the person who went to one meeting and made the decision that it wouldn't work. I was desperate remember?..I got a sponsor I worked the steps I went to 90 in 90 I called a bunch of people on the phone and I figured out a form of prayer that conformed with my beliefs. I started doing the things and I'll be damned if it didn't work. I do not think about taking a drink AT ALL these days and haven't since I came in about four years ago. I am still an atheist and I do just fine in the rooms of AA...Is some of it bullshit? I don't know. Probably yes. I think the more important question is: why does it matter? What do you have to lose by giving it an honest try? 
I don't work the steps because i'm an atheist. i used the sinclair method and go to meetings to be around other people like me.
its a spiritual prog. not a religious one.  .a power greater than you is AA therapy earth nature etc..if you think you are all mighty and powerful and can solve anything but you cant stop drinking...than that means you have a hard time with accepting help....i would say read big book with sponsor do the steps once...and then after that you can do whatever you want. The good news is AA is a take what you need program.  replace the word God with Mother nature or therapist or 'the aa community'.  all those things are greater and bigger than you and you alone. does that make sense?  ..Tons of ppl replace the word God with higher power. it even says that in the book.
