-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a8etxz/feeling_like_an_asshole/

My sponsor recently planned a relapse and felt she wasn't honest with me as a sponcee during the time of planning. She never followed through with it but she decided to get a new sponsor. Her new sponsor is having her do 90x90 2 calls off the women's call log a day for a month and call her sponsor every day for a month. .Today I called my sponsor for advice about holiday stresses and an insecurity I'm experiencing and to talk about how the program could help. After she gave me supportive advice she told me that I had to do all of the same things I listed above that her sponsor is having her do if I want to keep her as a sponsor. Suddenly I went from feeling supported to unsupported and felt a lot of anger... loneliness too. I'm 2 years sober I didn't plan a relapse...why are you doing this to me during the holiday? Separately I attend therapy and I'm learning for the first time ever how to take care of myself. How to say no how to say yes what is a boundary and how to be mindful of them... My relationship with my sponsor was casual and that's what helped me feel relaxed working on the steps and getting time under my belt. I feel awful for having a big ego about it and feeling defiant but through what I've learned in therapy I don't want to follow through with something I feel uncomfortable with or not ready for. I'm uncomfortable with the circumstances of these out of the blue guidelines I'm uncomfortable with doing 4 AA related things a day I want moderation in my life and balance. Alcoholics Anonymous is an important aspect in my life but its not my only aspect. I already read the big book steps and meditate/pray every day and go to my meetings. This balance I have feels fulfilling and beneficial to my life. I have a solid grip of step 1. I have so much gratitude from the gifts of the program and gifts of sobriety......I told my sponsor that I'm not interested in going that route with her. I'm now sponsorless. I respect her requests and don't think she did anything wrong.....Any support/advice/input on the matter would be helpful....
----------immediate responses--------

Remember everything happens for a reason God has a plan. If this happened and you lost your sponsor it was God. You are supposed to learn something from this. And you already are you said you are learning to say yes and no and this is one of the biggest  no' you have given in your life. That is also a gift. ..Keep it up and trust God. You'll find another sponsor. 
I want to commend you for establishing boundaries. I would take the same action as you did had I been in a similar situation. ..Questions I ask myself when I told I  need to this or do that ... Will this strengthen my resolve to stay sober and improve my sober life? We mustn't forget that sponsors are humans and they are just like you a fellow alcohol fallible and a drink away from being a  new comer.  .Inside still exists the ego to control and what better way to exert that control than to a sponsee? .They are guides not authoritarian figures. ..(I realized this has turned into a rant but writing it out makes me feel so much more grounded in my inner conflict on the dynamics of sponsor-sponsee relationship)..Thanks for letting me share. ...
A big part of sponsorship is surrendering and giving up control. Accepting that my way is not the best way and that maybe someone else knows better. That being said considering the circumstances it may be good to at least put things on hold and get a temporary sponsor. If your sponsor was so close to drinking then she probably wasn't living the program at all a
I stopped reading after your sponsor demanded you do all those things. . .FIRE HER!  . .Honestly she just about relapsed is that what you want for yourself? .  .Any person who makes demands is playing God they are the sickest of them all. If they had actually done the steps honestly and do them daily they would never be playing God with your life. .  .She is sick stay away... FIRE HER
