-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a924x0/just_passed_my_30_days_and_im_struggling/

I'm overcome with guilt over my past mistakes especially concerning going to prison and losing custody of my son. This time of year is hard. I'm trying to be grateful that I get to see him every week and talk to him every day but I feel like a failure. Drinking will not help but it's where my brain goes. 
----------immediate responses--------

God grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change (our past our disease).   .Courage to change the things I can (me w steps).    .And the wisdom to know the difference (gods will) .  .
Hit up a meeting. Call someone. This too shall pass. Just keep the plug in the jug because if you don't start you won't have to stop again. You got this just DONT DRINK TODAY.
Thanks
Do you have a sponsor?  Are you working the steps?  ..Steps 4 and 5 help with those problems. 
You have no reason to feel guilty. Alcoholism is not your fault. It's a mental health disease just like so many others. But we are lucky. Unlike cancer we have the gift of being able to choose whether we suffer our disease on any given day. It's the one advantage we have. So take advantage of it. Suffer through it.  ..I know people who never had an issue with alcohol not wanting to be in their child's life. You want to be there for him. He'll know that and that's what makes a healthy loving relationship. ..It's 6:47am and I want to drink. Instead I'm drinking coffee and leaving to work out in 10 minutes.  Do something everyday to get at the dopamine in your brain that alcohol once released. Go for long walks. Get outside. Have sex. Jerk off. Read a book.  Surround yourself with positivity.  It gets better everyday that you don't drink. 
I just want to echo what justTom said. Do the steps. ..My opinion. It's life or death. 
Get a sponsor TODAY.  Even if it a  temporary sponsor  while you continue looking for someone else.  Find someone who's worked the steps and is active in the program.  Ask them to take you through the steps.  That is where you'll find relief...I couldn't look in the mirror when I got sober because I too felt a lot of guilt about my kids.  I hated myself thought I was a piece of shit.  ..I went to a couple meetings and found a sponsor my first week and he immediately put me on step work and things immediately began to get better
