-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a92j82/things_you_dont_agree_with_in_aa/

Just curious what long time AA'ers have to say about the prog. ..What are things you don't like about AA or the meetings?..Personally I did the prog for 2 years...I loved it and it fully helped me recover from binge drinking (im allergic 100%).  Im much happier now solved many of my wounds learned excellent coping skills and love my sober life...Today I find I need something more (or different) now that I dont obsess about alcohol...I love the idea of going to personal growth seminars getting a biz coach enhancing fitness even more attending creative community continuing therapy etc. ..&amp;#x200B;..Personally I reduced my meetings to 1-2 a month (instead of 2 meetings a week) because I found "You can't heal in the same environment that made you sick." I grew up in a toxic home...and found there are too many crazies and toxic folk in the prog.  I think the steps and big book are great but the ppl (even if sober) can be dry drunk/toxic characters...As a sensitive person (and introvert) I don't see the "virtue in tolerating toxic behvaiour" - I'd rather place firm boundaries and distance myself from toxic ppl places things. TBH life is short I spent most of my life trying to be ghandi and tolerating it and its just too much!  Thats no way to live. My healthiest happiest friends don't do that. They do AA occasionally and have a life (and community) outside of AA.  Thoughts?..&amp;#x200B;..Old timers tell me AA is just the kindergarden of recovery.  That as long as you practice the principles and be of service in your life you're good to go.  I know tons of ppl that moved on to being coaches or counsellors even actors once they got a good foundation from AA. With no relapse. They achieved most of their goals.  Thanks for any comments! 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 9 years sober and I can totally see where you're coming from. I stopped going to meetings for awhile for similar reasons. I'm just getting back into it because it's nice to be with people who just get what our deal is. I also moved so it's like a fresh start with all new people. ..I have lots of people I can talk to outside of AA but a lot of them just don't 'get it' or if they do 'get it' I spend a lot of time explaining things because we just don't share the same language or experiences when it comes to alcoholism...I always remember that in the early days of AA most people got sober basically by mail order. They'd buy the book it would come in the mail they'd read it with little to no guidance and go do the steps alone. It worked for a lot of them. But it's also a lot easier to work the 12th step if you're going to meetings where newcomers show up.
I'm very grateful for the  old  timers who were there and are there to share their strength hope and experience. Without them I would never have gotten sober...
18 years sober and I'll never get used to how meetings tend to be focused towards extroverts...I'm a very quiet person and it's extremely difficult finding small meetings I can get comfortable in.  I dislike the big meetings because I find them to be very superficial. ..When I do find a small meeting I get comfortable in and form a bond with people there's always someone new to the meeting that'll say "this meeting is great let's get some more people in it"...My sponsor and I are arguing about this he thinks I can just become more outgoing if I just go to bigger meetings.  Extroverts will never understand.
90 in 90. It's over-prescribed. Sure some people need it but not everyone.
Hi! What helped me was to go to meetings in a different town or even country (english speaking). Sponsoring is also something that gives my life meaning and that along with the meetings is something I can no longer imagine my life with. I have other interests in life but cannot imagine not going to AA...I also attend ACA and CoDA so there is no time for life to feel boring. However - maybe not wanting to participate is only a phase that will pass in a while? We all have our moments. Best of luck and thank you for sharing.
I am one of those geezers with more time than most. Once I hit the 20 year mark I was told point blank to act like I had 20 years of recovery. So I took service responsibility and made my opinions known. .The other day I was bombarded by both sides of an argument. I switched homegroups. There is no time for petty drama and BS. 
The steps. It works for some. It's not a cure. People who work the steps still go back out and drink. And likewise some who don't stay sober. But I've never been to a meeting where working the steps is mandatory. 
For me it's the dead ones that didn't realize they were in the middle of their last chance. I'm less impacted by the losses now than I was long ago but it still saddens me. ..There's no way I know to steer people who don't yet know what they're up against in a better direction so I never try to convince those with a plan that there's trouble ahead. Someone always pins their funeral cards or obit to the club bulletin board but I decided long ago not to attend any more. Nothing creepier than hearing the song 'One Day at a Time' played while looking at the box containing some individual that ended themselves in a drunk car wreck or dangling drunk from a rope. Pass on that.
Group prayer. Reading aloud to each other.
The obsessive "singleness of purpose" a lot of meetings at least here seem to have. There is one huge meeting locally that opens every time with "if you think you have a problem other than alcoholism we advise you to seek out a fellowship dealing with your specific addiction" and I honestly wonder how many drug addicts over the years went to that meeting heard they weren't welcome and went back out and died. 
I'd suggest you find another program you're far to perfect and well for us sick AA'rs. .  .You're constantly on here talking shit about AA from your imaginary spiritual hilltop. .  .Seek help
No frustrations with AA in general but frequent irritations with particular meetings or individuals..This is especially the case when what is being shared seems like it might be harmful to newcomers or people who are struggling...I have a decent pool of meetings available to me even within walking distance so when I'm finding some meetings frustrating I can always change things up...I try to have a meeting that I attend every single week but sometimes travel or overtime mess that up a little. I average three meetings week but don't sweat it if I only make it to one for good reason...Also some people really believe it is their meeting which requires their direction and input. I won't engage in turf wars with bleeding deacons. I'll leave them to running their fiefdom and move on.
I agree. Aa is there when you need it. Thats great and is exactly how it should be. 
