-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a9fe64/please_tell_me_christmas_gets_easier/

One month sober and I'm really struggling today. I feel anxious and drinking is constantly on my mind. This year has been hard. Moved house at short notice my elderly dad has come to live with me my relationship of 2 years has ended and it was toxic plus she's still trying to contact me today and im scared for her well being even though shes insults me on social media and to top it off a close friend has passed away. ..I'm trying to hold it all together but it's difficult. I drank each Xmas for 20 odd years. I did manage most of last Christmas sober but that's because my ex was there to support me and basically said if I drank it would be over so I managed to stay sober but it was difficukt and this year it's harder...I don't drink much now but staying sober is a constant struggle. I've just cooked Christmas dinner and nearly started crying. I've just had to come to bed for a bit as it's getting too much for me...I've been attending AA since end of September I've got a sponsor and are on step 2...Damn alcholol! 
----------immediate responses--------

It truly does get easier. Don't stay where you are at if the fight becomes too hard. Go to a meeting. Go visit detox. Call another alcoholic. It's not Christmas per se. It is simply craving and that is an everyday thing. Christmas just another poor excuse to drink. You can do this.
Go to a meeting TODAY. Would you have drank today last year? If so then you can go to a meeting today. Your cravings will pass eventually.
It gets easier doing the steps is what did that for me.  ..Roughly three months and still on Step 2?  Why so slow?
It does. I feel like a totally different person. Just met up with some old drinking buddies over the holidays and they haven't changed much at all. I owe my life to AA and now and have no desire to go back to the old me.
I was at step 12 within 5 weeks just like all 100 people that wrote the big book and gave us the solution to alcoholism.  .I tried and failed to stay sober in AA for ten years of meetings or slowly working through the steps multiple treatment centers etc.. .For me the longer I went without a drink the worse things got but when I did/do the steps the longer I go without a drink the better things get. . .I haven't wanted a drink in years.  .  .Praying and talking to other alcoholics will get you through this momentary issue remember this too shall pass. .  .But I'd suggest getting busy on those steps. The instructions are in the big book if your sponsor tries to slow you down fire them and do them by yourself.... 
