-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a9rar1/108_days_sober_struggling/

I assume because it's the holiday times that being sober is the hardest but I am crazy struggling. I don't feel like going to meetings much idk ugh all I want to do is get trashed at all times. I was just on a family vacation which was nearly impossible. I can't stop thinking about relapsing. I know all the right actions to take but I can't get myself to do them because I don't want to call people and just tell them how miserable I am. I just can't hide it anymore even tho it even helps writing this post. Does anyone have any advice on getting back on track? Does anyone know how to alleviate the constant feeling of wanting to relapse? 
----------immediate responses--------

Pray
If you're like me you're the type who finds something that works does it till you feel better then stops doing it...This stuff isn't instant. Which is great because my entire life has been spent chasing instant gratification. The steps take effort it isn't always easy but they work. The solution is spiritual growth. Serving others. Go find someone you can help with whatever it might be. Just anything to get you out of your own head...Prayer and meditation is obviously one of the foundations of building a relationship with a higher power which for me is an absolute necessity. ..But my suggestion for something you can do right now find someone who you can help.
Calling people isn't the solution the treatment centers and fellowship may say so but no alcoholics anonymous (book). . .The solution is in the book read pg 86 to 88 every morning do what it says daily. It is step 11 but you can practice the principles of that step right away as you work through the book from the beginning. . .Pray go to a meeting and help others.  .Go do something for someone else like go talk to a homeless person and tell them how you're 100 days sober volunteer somewhere go to a meeting and find the brand new guy walking in the door and talk to him/her make them feel welcome tell them of other meetings you go to. Even just thinking of how you can help others will break your self centered obsession with yourself and desire to drink. 
This may sound a little harsh but maybe you should drink... sometimes people like me have to get their asses kicked by king alcohol once again to figure it out. I guarantee that if you do drink again it won't be enjoyable or how it used to be. A belly full of beer and a mind full of AA is a bad combination....Or you could reach out to a sober member or AA moan and groan and get busy with some action as others here have said. 
I had to shift my focus from not drinking to recovery activities.  The simpler the better.  The benefit of having an IRL sponsor is being able to open up completely about the struggles of recovery.  The following activities worked for me; go to a meeting and talk to a newcomer take a walk outside read something about recovery like Grapevine stories call someone to talk to work on the current Step and when all else fails drop to my knees and ask for help from my higher power getting through this challenging episode.
Call your sponsor take a bath or shower eat same food nap and read a story in the big book. 
When I'm feeling out of sorts I call around and see how other people's day is going I don't need to bring up feeling miserable I can focus on what's going on with them.
I struggled mightily with the craving when I first started in AA... took years to finally subside. Then one day I noticed it was gone and I couldn't remember the last time it had hit me. I was kinda stunned but grateful.... now how did I get through those years? There's no one answer and what worked for me may or may not work for you but here goes... find at least one person you will be really and truly accountable to and keep them close. In my case it was my wife as well as a sponsor but it has to be someone you who will hold you accountable and that you do not want to let down. Go to meetings. Get involved in those meetings - make coffee set up / clean up - whatever. In addition to AA I also sought outside treatment - I took campral early on which took the edge off the cravings to the point that it was manageable. But do not leave AA - AA is how you learn to live sober long term so whatever happens keep coming back. Do your step work - especially 4 and 5. ..If you refrain from drinking long enough the craving will go away but remember to give into it means to prolong it. I know it sucks but hold on. I'll pray for you. But if you do relapse keep coming back - as long as you keep moving forward and don't allow yourself to fall back into old habits you're moving in the right direction.
I would suggest calling people and telling them how you feel. Totally hit up some meetings and reflect on where you are in your stepwork. Ask your sponsor if they can help you identify where your stepwork needs help (usually for me it's Step One problems but we're all different). Make sure to show up for your service position at your next homegroup meeting and reach out to your homegroup members this morning. These actions ought to "right your sobriety ship."
Serenity prayer. Talk to your sponsor. See if you can help anyone else as well who is struggling. Just telling your story here has helped me! ..Another little technique I have is to listen to a speaker tape. It's almost as good as getting to a meeting. 
If you haven't yet get a sponsor and work the steps while your doing 90 meetings in 90 days. .If you have a sponsor double down on step work. 
