-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a9ujp0/it_starts_today/

I'm 25 years old and i've been drinking since highschool but 2 years ago I became an alcoholic. I was drinking 5-7 days a week starting when i woke up. I would drink about 500-750ml of liquor. I calmed down for a bit a year ago and gave myself a rule to not drink until 8pm. I would drink about 5-7 shots of liquor a night. About 4 months ago i realized i had a problem. I reduced my drinking to 50oz of 5.5% a night 7 days a week. I didnt think this was bad. I moved down to about 30oz a night for the past 50 days. In the past 2 weeks i have started developing heart palpitations. I decided to quit and made it 4 days without a drink feeling good and being able to taste food again. I relapsed last night and had about 3 beers and 2 mixed drinks. All day today i've had heart palpitations. After looking online i've discovered i could have or could be developing alcoholic cardiomyopathy. I'm afraid to go to sleep. I feel alone. I feel like I have done too much to my body as a 25 year old. I'm hoping to walk in to a doctors office tomorrow. I'm done with alcohol forever. I don't want to lose my family and girlfriend. Or better yet i dont want them to lose me to a failing heart. I just want someone to telll me my heart palipations are blnot a big dea and that i'm ok amd that this is nornal. I've never felt this vulnerable in my life. I have no one in the same boat as me to talk to.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you made the right choice. Do you have a plan for you recovery? Always remember: you don't have to do this alone.
If you want to stop drinking AA has a way.  
Heart palputations can be from alcohol withdrawal. Go see a doctor. Do not cease suddenly until you have spoken to a doctor and been honest about a) how frequently you drink and b) what your symptoms are. I'm not trying to scare you but you may want to look up moderate and severe alcohol withdrawal symptoms. I used to wake up at 3 am with my heart racing for no reason. I'm not telling you to go out and get blitzed every night but if you drink every day to excess there's a good chance you could suffer from withdrawal within a few hours to a day of ceasing. Again  see a doctor sooner than later.
Heaven knows we have tried hard enough and long enough to drink like other people! Here are some of the methods we have tried: drinking beer only limiting the number of drinks drinking only at home never drinking in the morning never drinking alone never having it in the house never drinking during business hours drinking at parties switching from scotch to brandy drinking only natural wines agreeing to resign if ever drunk on the job taking a trip  not taking a trip swearing off forever (with and without a solemn oath) taking more physical exercise reading inspirational books going to health farms and sanitariums accepting voluntary commitment to asylums- we could increase the list ad infinitum.
If you get a chance see a doctor. The human body can recover from the crap we put it through but it's best to know the cards we are dealing with. ..Deciding to take action and go to AA was where I hit the jackpot. ..Like you I drank every day...Everyone in the AA meeting has had their first meeting. No one showed up on a winning streak...Get to a meeting see if you are able to identify with anyone there. Have a look at some of the literature as well like the stories and see if you see any similarities...There is a solution where you are able to recover from the obsession with alcohol. 
