-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aap0ha/struggling/

Life's going downhill again. Lost my job because of my last relapse. Rents gotta be paid n I'm not even close to having it. My usual noon meeting was blacked out today. Next ones not for a few hours. I'm living across the country from where I grew up. (Ny to la) n I also recently moved to Long Beach from Torrance so my fellowship in hermosa beach is to far. Sponsor got a new job so he doesn't have much time for me. Just could use some one to talk to I guess. Is there an AA discord server? Even an upvote helps I just need some sort of social interaction. :/
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there dude. Hold on 1 second I need to look something up for you.
It's always darkest before the dawn. .  .I love seeing people crawl into AA after loosing almost everything those are the ones who stay sober. We usually have to be beaten into willingness. "pain was the price of admission" .  .When I sobered up 9 years ago I went to 1 to 3 meetings every day read the book did the steps from the big book within 5 weeks I was at step 12 service work exercise and most importantly I looked for other new people. .I made friends with as many new people as possible we would read the book together go for coffee hit meetings together etc. Like Bill and Bob did. .  .I would suggest calling the local AA office. The phones are operated by volunteers from the fellowship. I use to work the phones often we were always happy to chat that's the whole reason I would volunteer. I'd sit there for hours sometimes and no one would call. Someone is waiting for your call or waiting for you at a meeting go connect with them. . .Thanks for sharing
You've fucking got this. Drink some water go for a walk talk to a friend reach out. Drinking won't make it better and you know it   
Hi   have you tried the online Skype meetings? They're great. I'm in England so here's the link to the EU meetings (we still get Americans join):..https://alcoholics-anonymous.eu/online-meetings/..Had a look for American online meetings and found this:..http://aa-intergroup.org/directory.ph..Hope this is helpful. You can do this - I believe in you!
Intherooms.com has a lot of options for online meetings and you can search for other members close to you. 
It sounds like quite a bit is happening all at once. As hard as it seems you might want to go 100% logical at this point. Making decisions based on the emotional reponses that brought you to this point will more than likely lead to repeated patterns of behavior. ..In other words try something different. 
Im in orange county and there are some incredible meetings in Huntington Costa Mesa and Newport if you're interested.  Let me know there's a great sunday stag in CM that I could give you more details about if you want to make some new friends and develop a new fellowship. PM me.
I second Sober Grid! Very active community lots of support and people ready to help. 
I'm sorry :( try to remember how drinking doesn't bring us the relief our brains try to trick us into thinking it will it just makes shit worse and more dramatic. Try calling all your fellows and if nobody can chat feel free to DM me (or I'm sure anyone here) or join in the online meetings others have posted...Bad times don't last forever especially when you're able to process and adapt instead of drinking and pushing it all down to deal with another time!! &lt;3
When I came back to AA March of 2016 I was back after 4 years out. I had relapsed at 6 years and pretty much lost everything over the course of the next 4. I just tried to get as involved as possible. What I usually suggest to my sponsees is the following (also i never suggest things that I haven't done): Go to at least 4 meetings a week show up 30 minutes early stay late Shake everyone's hand in the meeting...don't leave without telling people what's going on and get 3 new phone numbers. Call them the next day. I built up a solid base of friends in AA and it was because my sponsor suggested those things. I didn't know ANYONE who wasn't doing drugs or drinking. I was driving an hour and a half to central Ohio to see my only sober friend. Within a week or two grab a responsibility at your home group as well. Coffee meeting showing up early to setup chairs. Anything at all.
Hey man I hope today is going better but even if it's not we're still here for you. .Just keep going remembering 'just today'..You can get through it keep your head busy set yourself targets read your favourite book to chapter 3 run 1 mile listen to your most uplifting song have some water and something sugary. .Take a walk and look for a new job in your local shops. Things can get better for us one day at a time just get through today :) x
