-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aar98w/my_affirmation/

  ..This will be a long post. To those of you who read all the way through thank you for the effort...I'm 40 years old and I'm an alcoholic. I've been dealing with this for the past 15 years or so. I was able to stop drinking completely for 4 years until I relapsed. It started slowly. I used to be a heavy liquor and Budweiser drinker and somehow I managed to convince myself that if I drank Michelob Ultras everything would be ok. Fast forward a year later and I'm completely engulfed in my old habits once again. ..I'm drowning in debt. I'm getting calls from bill collectors daily. I've gotten to the point where I'm now pulling cash out of my credit cards. In the past couple of months alone I've managed to rack up over 4 thousand dollars just from drinking. I'm addicted to strip clubs. I frequently them weekly. When I'm drunk I can easily spend a few hundred dollars in the club. ..I'm addicted to eating. Right now I'm at 350lbs. This is easily the heaviest I've ever been in my life. I try my best to not over eat but day by day I just keep adding up the pounds...My home life is going down the drain. I have a beautiful wife and kids. I can honestly say that I've never drank or been drunk around them but still because of my eating spending and being a shithole is effecting my life with them. ..I don't know how to stop. I've dug myself into such a deep hole I don't know how to get out. ..I'm so afraid to die  but all I do is push myself closer to the grave. I've even considered doing it myself to rid my family of my burdens. But I know it's the easy way out...I'm just feeling a bit worthless right now. I just needed someone to hear the truth. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good honesty there buddy! Great start. Now maybe google AA meetings in your area go to a meeting as soon as possible. Share what you just shared(leaving out the strip joints) and ask the group for help. Ask for a sponsor and tell him in confidence what you've told us here. We've heard(and many of us have lived) waaaay worse but this sounds like bottom for you. It gets better. AA has been working for people like you and me for almost 84 years. None of us try it until our life gets bad enough. Your question is "is this as bad as I want it to get?" If so there's a proven solution laid out that you can follow. Good luck!
I'm addicted to food as well just one of the many consequences of being an alcoholic. I felt the same way you describe the day I went to my first meeting.  Pretty hopeless and lost.  I decided to make a change then I started going to meetings and meeting with my sponsor on a regular basis and I cannot explain how different my life is now.  I couldn't have imagined during that first meeting the life I have now.  Help is there you just have to take that step toward it. 
I haven't drank in 9 years. But when I stop working the AA program/steps I eat too much gamble sex etc. .  .The steps deal with the underlying problem that causes us to drink eat gamble fuck etc excessively..   .When I work the program and get involved with AA I feel good about myself. I don't feel the need to fill that emptiness with substances.   .  .When I came to AA I thought drinking was my problem.  .  .Nope I was the problem and drinking was my solution.. .
