-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aatvnn/oh_my_goodness_helpthinking_about_quitting_aa/

Son of a bitch everything's real. I think I'm coming down off of a pink cloud or just having a plain old anxiety attack/existential crisis. I've been drinking too much caffeine and smoking too many cigarettes lately and not eating enough. I'm not taking good care of myself right now. Tonight I have been having thoughts of self harm and suicide and I don't like it. I just want someone to come over and feed me and hug me as I sob...It's late and I don't want to call my sponsor...I've been sober for less than a year but more than six months and just became aware of what a garbage pile of a human being I am and don't know if AA is right for me anymore. I'm on my fourth step...I really struggle with interpersonal relationships. I'm bipolar and weak and judgmental. I can always find the worst in any situation or person and what's worse I open up my mouth about the judgments that I pass on others talk shit and have selfish or self seeking motives in nearly everything I do. It is very hard for me almost impossible at times to be a positive person...I've recently begun fellowshipping with a group of people in my local AA community and find these traits coming out in myself again and again and I don't like it at all. I don't want to inflict emotional or social harm on myself or these people. I do not have the ability to control myself at this point and feel that the easiest route through this is to give up but I don't want to be alone.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. AA works for most people who are honestly engaged in all 3 aspects of the program. Will quitting AA will improve your current situation? Sleep on it. Call your sponsor in the morning. 
First off sleep. Then call your sponsor tomorrow for sure. Second you are experiencing something that I can relate to. I went through a period of ENORMOUS guilt within my first year. The steps are what STARTED the journey to feeling better about it but it was the stuff that came afterward. Don't stop. 
really glad you're here. keep sharing.
Lol. "Son of a bitch everything's real." S.O.B.E.R.                          ..This definitely sounds like fourth step reality is kicking in. Rest assured the fifth step will relieve a lot of this tension. "I don't want to inflict emotional or social harm on myself or these people." If you're spending time with sober people who have worked the steps they have the clarity and awareness not to let you inflict harm emotionally on them! They have *boundaries*. We surround ourselves with these types because they will help us grow and they also create a "fence" around us to keep us from hurting non-alcoholics who don't have these defenses. Lean on them! You are doing just fine and it will continue to get better.                       .;)  ...&amp;#x200B;
The fourth step....lots of people quit there. I nearly drank over it. I didn't though did the 5th and then felt 10x better. Don't give up yet!!! What you are going through is normal and crucial for your sobriety.
Keep going just for today! While you might find it hard sometimes to be positive about people please remember we've all done shitty bad things that alcoholism feeds I've personally treated people like crap and know that sobriety is my only chance not to be that person. Please know that you being here is a positive good thing for me personally as well as our fellowship and that for me being newly sober it makes me feel less alone to know we are in this together with the same often ugly thoughts. .I have also been drinking waaay too much sugar and caffeine bin a bid to fill what alcohol has left and maybe we can take this new year to embrace something healthier..See what your sober hobbies can do for you on a daily basis..We are here for you. Say one truly positive thing each day if your brain says something nasty about someone argue a counter point with it :) Keep going! 
I know - sobriety is a trip! I believe my behavior began to change during my first year but it didn't happen overnight. The steps helped me gain a new perspective on my past and I became less angry more compassionate - which helped to change my behavior. ..I also sought "outside help" - a therapist. This was VERY helpful - I figured out some long time issues that I really want to work on. I had to get sober before I could even think about working on those issues that keep me from being who I want to be. .
You will be ok. Keep in contact with people. Tell them honestly what you are feeling. Sending you hugs.
Could be the 4th is showing you who you really were drinking. If you continue with the growth available to you in the steps and complete your amends you don't need to be that person again.
[National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and online Chat](https://www.google.com/search?ie=UTF-8&amp;client=tablet-android-samsung&amp;source=android-browser&amp;q=suicide+hotline)
Go see a therapist...I too have mental issues. AA was not enough for me in the beginning. I saw a therapist for 2 years while working AA...You're right... AA might not be right for you and that's OK it isn't a fit for everyone. I myself go to 2 other fellowships besides AA try something different...Bottom line is that it doesn't matter what program you work as long as you get better...Also... Quit beating yourself up. So you made some mistakes... Doesn't mean you're a bad person you're a sick person and need to get better. But you're not going to get better if you don't forgive yourself.
As a sponsor i can tell you it's never too late to call. It helps me just as much if not more when my sponsee calls me. No matter how late. 
