-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aay0mc/75_days_sober_and_in_awe_of_the_changes/

It feels like every day I find new benefits to sober life. One of the things I didn't realize was how much my spouse was able to blame me and my drinking for EVERYTHING. And yes my drinking caused a WHOLE lot of chaos but it also allowed him to pretty much shirk all responsibility in our household too. Now I can ask him for things and hold him to his promises because I remember our conversations I follow through on what I say and every discussion doesn't end up in a fight about my drinking. Right now he's doing some chores while I sit and enjoy coffee because I already finished my share. I did what I said! And now he has to do his part! It's crazy that this totally normal scenario wasn't possible three months ago. And it's so exciting to walk around my house and see things start to look organized. It's looked like an alcoholic's been in charge for too long and now it is feeling like a normal house!! ..Just wanted to share my excitement with people who get it. It's been so hard and I am struggling a lot but today I am SO proud of how much healthier every aspect of my life is looking. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 75 days! That is a huge accomplishment! The fact that you still have to struggle to stay sober is normal and in a way good; the struggle reminds you that you still need to go to meetings and work the program! Keeps you from getting complacent! Enjoy your new sober life but realize there will continue to be rough days. We all have them regardless of whether we are drinking or sober.  
Keep up the great work. It'll be better and better as each day passes. We care about you.
Awesome. Keep it up because it gets even better.
It gets even better. I'm 685 days into my sobriety and keep finding new and amazing things to be grateful for to appreciate and to work for. Once the vail of drugs and alcohol is pulled from our eyes there is so much to see....Congrats on the 75 days that's an amazing feat keep it up!
Feels so good!! Keep up the good work :)
You'll be amazed before you are halfway through....
I don't make my wife promise me she'll do things for me then "hold her to it".  .I don't divide up the chores do mine quickly then sit on the couch while she works..  .I look to see what I can bring to the relationship I live doing more than "my share".  .  .I respect and love her I don't need to control her and make demands of her. .  .Pg 62 explains this further....... .  .   .I know I come off as a prick but honestly I'm trying to help. We do a lot more damage to our spouses than we know..  .  ..Congrats on 75 days that's a great start the big book and steps will change your life and give you one beyond your wildest dreams. It dd for me anyways. .  .God bless  
