-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aaz8gc/how_quickly_should_you_take_the_steps/

From what I understand the first 100 people took the steps within weeks without AA meetings?..Today at my meeting it was discussing step 9 and a few people spoke and shared. A lady who has been sober for around 15 years and is well respected said it took her 16 months to get to step 9. Surely this is too long and there's a greater chance of relapse the longer the steps take?..My sponsor seems to be taking things slow with me and I want to move quicker. A lot of people at my meeting appear to be completing the steps in around a year. I've not heard of anyone doing then in a few months. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've had this issue myself as my sponsor is taking me through the steps very slowly. I've been working with him for about nine months and am just now on step 3 even though I've been sober for 18 months. I spoke to him and told him that I was eager to work not do steps per se and that seems to be helping. I also ask myself why I'm in a hurry. I don't feel that doing the steps slowly threatens my sobriety and as an impatient person by nature I take my sponsor's slow approach as a sign from my higher power that I should be patient too...Nevertheless it wouldn't hurt for you to talk to friends in the program about your sponsor and solicit some advice. I did that and decided to retain my sponsor but you may decide to go a different route. Good luck.
I went through the steps my first time in 5 months like the old timers. I knew halfway through I was going to go through them again much more thoroughly. .I have a friend in CA who has a year and is on his 3rd step that fellowship is so rigorous. .I think just go at your own pace. As long as you're not procrastinating or rushing through stuff you're doing it right on time. 
I started on my first day with my first sponsor. It took me a while to finish all the steps I had created a lot of physical and financial baggage while drinking and moved cities many times in my first year of sobriety waiting to "hit bottom." I worked Steps One to Three over and over again three times with different sponsors in different places then again for the fourth time with my sponsor who got me through them. We moved each time at a pace largely determined by me and my willingness to do the work and also dictated by my sponsor (in each case) and their physical ability to be available (which varies by person) and their belief that I had gotten what I needed out of each step. My fourth sponsor took me from step nine and realized that I had not finished step four (there was a lot more which had not been revealed yet until then) so I had to go back to step four and five again. This frustrated me but it was absolutely necessary I just couldn't see the forest for the trees.                         ....I believe that people should try to work the steps as fast as they can baring in mind that the sponsor has insight and knowledge that the sponsee doesn't. Some of the steps might have several parts to them and you might be advancing through those without knowing it. Additionally everyone does them the way that they were taught combined with (usually) variations depending on what the sponsee needs and what changes the sponsee inadvertently throws in there along the way. A lot of it is dictated by the sponsee.                              ....With the folks I have sponsored I have encountered a lot of resistance to actually sitting down and doing the work. As when I would get frustrated and resentful at my sponsor(s) along the way and shut down for periods of time I have also witnessed this from the other side. The sponsee in this respect really does have more power than the sponsor in moving things along. As far as the first 100 it's important to remember that they all were figuring shit out while they went. There were a lot of relapses and failures along the way for them it was a much crazier time for them than it is in the somewhat stable rooms of AA today. I do believe that people can be marched through the steps faster than they usually are but I also don't believe you can "march" people through them. Everyone does the work at their own pace and I've seen sponsees use the rate of their stepwork as a reason to go drink instead of sitting down with a notebook and just doing it. We need to be able to get the gifts of each step be able to remember and know what we are doing so we can teach the next person and honestly we'll NEVER be done working the steps if we want to live a sober life. This is a daily practice for us now a new way of life so while the first time through is a lot of work and very difficult it gives us the daily tools to move on day to day for the rest of our lives as sober alcoholics. It is easy and enjoyable for me to do this work now and some of the tools I learned I use very very often. Call a friend in the program and ask them in general terms about their experience with the step you are on that's always interesting.                        ....&amp;#x200B;
Three months is plenty of time to get to step 12. That's meeting once a week. 
My first sponsor took me through the steps incredibly quickly.  That was his philosophy and also his sponsor's philosophy.  We did like a step per week until we got to 4 and then slowed down a little but I think he could see I was suffering pretty bad and needed to move quickly.  I've heard of sponsors having their sponsees stay on the 1st step for the entire first year in order  really accept their powerlessness .   I don't recall this being a very affective approach.  In my experience recovery comes with step work and it's important to start building a person back up as quickly as possible because many of us are utterly broken when we get sober and in an incredible amount of pain.  I definitely was.  
My sponsor and I have been meeting weekly (and talking daily) for 4.5 months. I just took my 5th step last week. We moved pretty quickly through steps 1-3 but I got stuck on step 4 for a little while. It has taken time for me to build up the trust to be open with my sponsor (or anyone really) so that has probably contributed to how quickly we've moved through the steps. ..Honestly it's been the perfect speed for me. I have put my trust in my sponsor to help guide me through the steps and together we are moving forward. 
I did most of them when I was in rehab. 
Much depends on the depth and thoroughness of the efforts made. I'm big on helping my guys get all the understanding they can wring out of each step and related actions...Some say you can get though the steps while waiting for a bus and anyone who takes a moment longer is terribly off base and a walking insult to the sobriety of all AA members. Can be a manic fixation with some new people sure that their being sober for several weeks proves that they are correct...Good to avoid extremes of opinions on this......
Steps 1-3 you can do in a day if you truly believe.  Steps 4-9 take your time or go at your own pace.  No point in rushing a 4th step if you don't fully understand where you're at fault.  It took me a long time to fully understand how I was selfish.  No point in doing a 9th step if you truly are not ready to make amends or if you don't fully understand why you're making amends.  
When I did a short unsuccessful period in AA in the early nineties it was very common for people to say things like you shouldn't worry about working the steps until you are year sober. I think a couple weeks getting solid on the first three steps is sensible and starting on step four somewhere in the first month is reasonable. Once you do step four the pace kind of depends on how things are going. Of course this is a matter between someone and their sponsor...The idea of not even thinking about the steps for the first year seems faulty to me but people have a right to their opinions.
As quickly but thorough and honest 4-9 is about getting rid of old baggage that keep us from being of useful service to the universe and out fellows. 10/11/12 keeps the decks clear maintains and grows our connection with a clear motives we can be useful in all aspects of our lives.
In my experience Step 9 is an outlier.  It is important to become willing as soon as possible but the actual amends took me years to complete.  I started with an extensive list of about 40.  I was able to knock most off during year 1.  I was not ready to meet my ex wife for about two and a half years because I was still a seething resentment.  ..I had one former business partner who was just logistically unavailable and I finally made my final amends in about my fourth year.  I thought I had one more remote harm to rectify and then I found a letter I had already sent early in my sobriety that was more than adequate.  ..Don't believe everything you hear about the first 100 AA members.  Bill W. was a natural promoter.  The had meetings and some Christian publications and some related Steps from the Oxford Group but they were mostly flying blind by trial and error and developing the program that Bill and gang captured in the Big Book.
I'm almost 2 months sober and am almost done with step 4. I got through 1-3 in two weeks meeting a few times a week to read Doctors Opinion More About Alcoholism We Agnostics There is a Solution and part of How it Works. After that we've met once a week for him to get an update on my 4th step. I'm doing a pretty thorough 4th and am currently working on my fears inventory. I've already begun practicing step 10 through adding things that come up to my 4th step inventory and step 11 by praying and meditating every day...I believe if you have a sponsor who is truly committed to taking you through the steps (which is their only job) and you are willing to do the work while being completely honest there's no reason you can't get through them in a few months. They used to have guys beginning 9th step amends after leaving the hospital from detox so I see no reason why you should wait to take the steps. If drinking is truly life or dearth like it was for me I wouldn't wait to start! My experience is so far they've helped keep me sober and learn truths about myself.
From what I've experienced about 6 months is a healthy time frame to complete all 12 steps. Some people want to almost rush through them in order to have achieved something but this is sometimes counterproductive as it doesn't give enough time for thoroughness. On the other end some people do get  stuck  or take quite a bit longer than 6 months. It's really a matter of how you are progressing I don't think there is really a right or wrong amount of time needed. Sometimes quickly sometimes slowly!!  
I tried to do them slowly with multiple "sponsors" over many years always to drink again.  .  .Then I came back studied the big book did exactly what they did and stayed soberover 9 yrs..  .I practiced the principles of step 11 (pg 86 to 880 from day one and was on step twelve by week 4 or 5. . .Lots of people can quit drinking without AA or doing the steps. Unfortunately these people come to AA do the step in a year or two then preach their way to get sober. If you are an alcoholic and listen to these non alcoholic hard drinkers in the fellowship you're fucked!!. . .The steps are designed to be done exactly as they are written like baking a cake..   .  .ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS IN THE BIG BOOK OVER ADVICE FROM THE FELLOWSHIP...if you want to stay sober that is. .  .Find the Joe and Charlie big book study on silkworth.net or apps they will explain exactly how to do the program from the book. Pm me your email if you want the worksheets they talk about in the audio.
It's YOUR journey. Getting caught up in comparison is what trips us up in my opinion. It took me 18 months to get through my steps (NA booklet). Now at 30 months I'm almost done with my second set. Do what feels right to you. If you feel you need to go faster do it. If not take your time.
How quickly do you want to be relieved from the obsession to drink?
