-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/abfq7y/dad_passed_at_51/

My dad passed away on December 28 due to liver failure. He was a hard working man who only cared about providing for his family and drinking. He started drinking heavily at 16 slowing down off and on for 35 years. As the years went on his idea of slowing down was still excessive drinking. About a year and a half ago he went to rehab and was hospitalized after a few days from withdrawals and extreme ammonia putting him in a comma for a week. He managed to get through it and stayed sober for 9 months. Through those 9 months he went to meetings everyday and spoke about his struggles and enjoyed doing it. Eventually he got comfortable slowed down on meetings and began to think he could handle a drink or two. This quickly led back to the same amount if not worse drinking and within 9 more months passed due to liver failure. His body could no longer sustain the abuse. I'm not sure where I'm going with this but I want all of you to know that me and the rest of my family miss him so much and some just can't understand why he would do that to himself. I understand I never left his side up to the day he passed. As much as he loved his family the alcohol had a grip on him that he thought he couldn't live without. He taught me not to live in the past or with regret but it's hard to not think if he kept going sober he would have broke free and been the father son brother and friend he had always been minus the alcohol. He was a tough southern man that did what he wanted to do no matter what and that made him the great man he was and also brought him down. I share his story to hopefully reach some of you and shed some light on what's on the other side. I understand it's harder than anything any one can go through. Find what you love more than alcohol and hold on tight. Live for your family your friends your work whatever it is until you can break through and live for yourself again. My dad no longer has to suffer but I think if he kept going with his sobriety he would have got through it and found his happiness again and so can you.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. I'm so sorry for your loss.
Sorry for the loss. 
Thanks for sharing. I've lost a few close friends and also family members to addiction. .It's a disease that tells us we don't have a disease I often say I was plucked from my own insanity  by a higher power. So few ever see how truly dire there situation really is its not their fault it is a disease. .  .I was in the hospital for 4 days liver was fucked and they thought I was going to die. I had to see a specialist after that.... That and meetings everyday kept me sober for 2 months. .Nothing short of God was going to keep me sober and luckily I found "God" through the steps in the big book and haven't drank in 9 years now. . .I hope you won't resent him for drinking again it's honestly not his fault alcoholosm is worse than cancer. . .Sorry for your loss and thank you so much for sharing this really helped me reminds me of who I am and what I need to do today so my daughter has a Dad. .Happy new year 
We don't all get to beat our demons. Sorry for your loss. 
Thank you for sharing. I'm very sorry for your loss. I've lost my grandmother and my uncle to this disease. I was on my way to be the third before I finally buckled down in 2018 and got serious about beating the disease. I'm now 4 months sober and live everyday very grateful that I'm not drinking. I didn't want my 8 year old daughter to be without her dad. 
So sorry to hear about your Father. ..Thank you very much for sharing and for the reminder that this thing we call alcoholism can and does kill really good people in very miserable ways...Some of us simply can not get and stay sober. It is a tragedy...
I have been around AA a long time.  Now have finally  gotten it  and had 15 years sober.  I Attend a lot of meetings and I always try to listen carefully to shares.   I do service - have been a secretary  GSR currently Intergroup Rep and Central Office Board member.  Service is important for me - first to have obligations and to practice being responsible and secondly because I have such faith in AA and want it to always be easy to access...The BIGGEST lesson that I have learned (out of many through experience) is that everyone of us has a particular drinking pattern.   We know we love it we think that it works for us.  Some go to a bar after work and drink until drunk or closing some hide a bottle and nip all day some stay at home and have a wine or beer going all day.  Personally I am 100% binge drinker.  My pattern is 2-3 binges a month.   When I can clear the calendar they usually start Friday afternoon roaring into the night getting ever drunker.  Saturday will start with 6AM beer - as many as I have around (I have drank up to 16  morning beers  after which I start serious drinking combined with some activity - riding my horse fishing or whatever until I am too drunk to carry on or people toss me out.  Sunday is taper day - 4-5 Bloody Marys a sleeping pill and rest.   This went on for 30 years and while I avoided the law I did not avoid the wrecked relationships and endless bad decision making when drunk...I relapsed around 1996 after 15 years sober.  Within 2 weeks I was right back into the same pattern.  I have seem so many AA's return to drink as your Dad did.  100% of the time they returned to their old pattern.   We know our pattern we are comfortable in our pattern.  We do not come to AA to figure out a better way to drink.  Chapter 3 of the  Big Book  explains this.  I have seen it through watching others and personal experience.  It is important to know your pattern share about it - so you can have some defense against it because it will crop up in your mind if you are honest about it...
Please accept my condolences on your father's passing.  I'm sure he wished his life had turned out differently and that he was very proud of you. I also have to say that I got a chill down my spine reading your post. Your description of him fits me almost perfectly except that I made it to 23 months before slipping.  I'll be 51 before mid-year presuming that my pancreas hangs in there. Or maybe I'll find the motivation to quit again I dunno...Being a drunk for 30+ years takes it toll psychologically. The anxiety and disappointment gets tiring things are always going wrong and the people around are always unhappy. At least your father now has quiet and peace. I hope that you can choose to remember the better times you had with him.
Thank you all for the nice words. I would never resent my Dad for going back to it. I hope it helped even just one of you.
I am so sorry for you and your family. I turn 40 this month and share a very similar story with your father and I read your post as if written by my one of my sons. Thank you for sharing. For me there has been no bottom yet but I am very aware of the steady downward spiral I'm caught up in...Your post is very helpful thank you!.I have one day sober under my belt. 
