-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/abrkpl/is_aa_right_for_me/

I'm 32 and have been dabbling with the idea of going to a meeting but I'm not sure it's right for me. I wouldn't consider myself an alcoholic and while there are times where I'm not happy about my alcohol consumption I never crave alcohol and rarely drink to excess. ..For instance I will go a few weeks with alcohol in my house usually wine or vodka and I may have a drink or two a week (not in the same day). Sometimes I'll go so far as to pour myself a glass of wine just to realize I really don't want to feel like shit in the morning so I don't even take a sip. It's not a struggle when I do this I just really don't even want it...But then there's other times... there's times when I decide I want to get drunk - knowing full well this brings on severe mood swings - and I go full speed and end up causing some sort of scene. Me drunk is an emotional recipe for disaster not just for myself but for those closest to me. I will cry for hours and consider suicide as it brings out my usually under control depression. I get mean - like REALLY mean - borderline emotionally abusive towards my partner and any friends around. I'll just start shit with people via text because I get so angry...This may not seem so bad compared to what I know many others go through but it's bad enough that ive ruined most of my friendships and it's taken a severely negative toll on my life. ..One thing I know doesn't work for me however is complete abstinence from anything. I normally have no problem staying in a gray area with alcohol (ie a glass of wine a week) but I also don't have any support when I'm facing a social situation where getting drunk is basically expected. ..I've tried just abstaining from social events but I don't want to do that. I want to be able to go to events and live a life free of the fear that I'll get drunk and make a fucking ass of myself and ruin a whole bunch of people's life. ..I am looking for help in limiting my alcohol intake but I don't want or need to be 100% sober. I feel like this wouldn't work for AA but I honestly have no idea. I don't know much about AA and have never been to a meeting.  ..Advice welcome. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

AA is built around abstinence. Maybe check out SMART Recovery if you want help with moderated drinking.
 Only requirement is a desire to *stop* drinking. 
If you want to stop drinking and find you can't do it on your own AA can provide a way. 
AA is for people with a desire to stop drinking. Like you I wasn't ready to stop drinking for a long time and worked worked worked at "moderation" only to discover that for me it was like shoveling smoke. Every plan or program or system or method for "moderation" eventually frayed and withered. Generally I would cut myself a one-time "exception" (it's a wedding reception! I should be allowed to drink all I want!) followed by more fudging and excuse making ending with an abandonment of the whole proposition and a return to the previous mode of drinking. Only to have things get worse than before. ..Not saying this is you friend. Your mileage may certainly vary. I hope you find the solution that works for you.
You can always try a meeting or two and see if you relate to what everyone shares.  If you find you have a lot in common then you might decide to stay awhile.  ..Like you I was able to keep alcohol in my house and not have the need to immediately drink it.  I could also pour a glass of wine and if I knew I had work in the morning and didn't want even that one glass grogginess I'd throw it out.  But when I went out drinking on the weekend with friends I discovered that 90% of the time I did something very embarrassing blacked out and was the last person up drinking.  I was so tired of that life and feeling hungover humiliated and ashamed on Sunday morning.  So for me alcohol just wasn't worth it anymore.  The price tag was too high.   So I had to go 100% sober. But I'm also someone who if I have a glass mid week it's gonna trigger me to start thinking about the weekend plans.  Like yeah I can keep it to a single glass if it's a Wednesday work dinner but I know for sure that once Saturday night rolls around then everything goes out the window.  I don't know if AA is for you but if you are even thinking about it then it's worth a try.  Most non-alcoholics aren't thinking about whether they should try an AA meeting.  
AA in my experience doesn't have much advice or experience to offer someone with attaining moderation. You are welcome to checkout open meetings though if you want. http://hams.cc is a website that has info for people looking for harm reduction or moderation with alcohol...
If you don't want to get sober you don't have to.  AA is a way if life that teaches you how to live alcohol free.  
I would recommend The Sinclair Method - go to your general practitioner and ask about Naltrexone - it's a specific medicine that you take prior to drinking. The medicine blocks the reward cycle in your brain - it blocks the release of serotonin you usually get when you drink - this way you can have one or two drinks and be done - you don't have an urge or need to keep drinking and get wasted. AA doesn't necessarily support it because in order for the medicine to work you have to drink after you take it so that you can retrain your brains reaction to alcohol consumption. It's really a shame - people in AA should be taught all the options and taking this medicine especially after a relapse can't hurt the situation. The Sinclair method has a 78% long term success rate - far higher than AA's. ..If you don't have insurance then I have seen some over the counter similar products sold on Amazon with great reviews but I have no personal testimony for those products. ..https://youtu.be/-9gMU_Lzsm4
There's great advice here. I'll just add that if your third paragraph (sorry I don't know how to quote text on my phone) doesn't sum up the insanity of alcoholism that the Big Book talks about in AA I don't know what does. Normal people might read that and think WTF? How the hell would anyone even CONSIDER taking one drink if that could be the outcome? But you say right there and as an alcoholic I completely understand that you know this shit show could be the outcome and you do it anyway. Insanity...You definitely have to make your own choice but AA works great for me and has saved my life.  ..
you can't practice moderation in a.a. because that offends the cultists. which is most of them. 
To paraphrase the Big Book the great wish of every alcoholic is to be able to somehow wake up one day and drink like a normal person. But it's impossible. ..There's a myth that unless you turn into a flaming shitshow every time you touch alcohol you're not an alcoholic. But an alcoholic can be a person who drinks only occasionally and even a person who most of the time can have a drink or two without incident. ..Think of it this way: If you had a car in which the brakes worked 80% of the time you'd get rid of it real fast. And yet alcoholics like me convince ourselves that the occasions in which we nearly wreck our lives are an acceptable price to pay for being able to continue drinking "in moderation."..As others have commented AA doesn't work unless you have a sincere desire to stop drinking. Having been in your position I asked myself a lot of hard questions. Why did I feel like I had to drink? Why did I feel like I couldn't enjoy going out without alcohol? ..One thing you might consider is taking a protracted break like a dry January. Keep going out as you would but just don't have anything. See how it goes. You might find that your fears of abstinence lift. Seems like it's worth a shot.
What you need is some help to keep your amounts and frequencies low. Moderation Management is worth a try in your situation. Find them on the web and join their free listserve to participate and learn about their program. If you find you can't stay in the limits they proscribe or have difficulty making the 30 day abstinent period they suggest at the start then you may have drank beyond your ability to control or moderate and should consider stopping for good. ..Often MM is a way station for those alcoholics who first need to know they've tried their best before doing all the AA stuff to live without a drink...AA doesn't offer any guidance for those who want to moderate. Until you want to stop for good I'd advise not wasting your time there. It's a great way to go if you should need it in the future.
The question is what happens when you take the first drink? Are you impartial? Can you have a drink and then be done? Or do you have to get fucked up every time you drink? Does alcohol cause you problems when you do drink? Alcoholism isn't about how frequently (or infrequent) you drink rather what happens when you drink. I'd suggest going to a meeting and listening. Identify don't compare. 
Best way to find out is to throw yourself into it and find out first hand.  After 90 meetings you will have a damn good idea.  I knew I had come home after about three weeks.
