-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/abwzq3/christmas_has_kicked_my_a/

I am struggling.  I disappointed some friends that have been integral in my recovery by not attending an event I was supposed to.  One in particular is someone in AA that I talk to everyday.  I apologized for not coming through and explained that I was basically at the end of my holiday laced rope and just couldn't manage another out of town trip in the moment of an anxiety fueled meltdown.  I haven't heard from her since.  I'm so mad at myself for not following through on what I said I would do but I'm also a bit disappointed in that the idea of not attending an event has created such a drama.  I'm not sure how to proceed.  I'm owning the decision I made.  A huge issue for me is over booking myself.  I work full time have a husband and two small children and am in almost constant guilt that I'm not as fully present in any of my roles as I feel I should be.  God willing I will have two years sober in March and attend meetings as well.  Yoga classes when I can manage to fit them in for self care.  I have to draw the line sometimes somewhere and it just happened to fall where it did this time.  This isn't saying that I wouldn't do it differently next time but that's what happened and I'm owning it.  Anyone else been in similar sized shoes?
----------immediate responses--------

What did you sponsor say? This sounds like when I turn thoughts into truths and feelings into facts which is usually apparent in my fourth column work. Honestly I would consider it normal for me. You need to take care of yourself before you can help anybody else self-care is very important. As for how to proceed you definitely should work an inventory on this and bring it to your sponsor because it sounds like the situation is eating your lunch. Probably best to do nothing in regards to the other people in the situation do the internal work on paper as directed show up as you normally would and life will carry on. Take care of yourself it sounds like you did the next right thing in this situation.
TO THINE OWN SELF BE TRUE. .  .TO THINE OWN SELF BE TRUE. .  .I've been in AA for over a decade now and every one of my friends from early sobriety are drinking or dead actually a couple of set of friends from AA followed those paths but I didn't follow them.   ..People come and go especially in AA but your life literally depends on your sobriety. Those people who get a resentment because you didn't go are being selfish and self centered they don't give a shit that you are having a tough time and can't handle the extra stress they only care about their plans and getting what they want out of you. If they choose to be selfish self centered and resentful that's their choice who cares.. .  .I have had to make many decisions that go against the group of friends I had in AA they would all go to the bar to pick up girls I would not go and sat at home excluded and bored but all those guys are drinking again. I have many more examples of this over the years in AA.  .I have always found that when one close friend leaves someone else pops up someone I can help or someone I can hang out with or both.  . .You're on the right path always do what you need to do for you and your sobriety/sanity..  .TO THINE OWN SELF BE TRUE   
Call your friend again!
