-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/acflu6/the_difference_between_a_problem_drinker_and_an/

Problem drinker stops drinking problems go away.     .Drinking is the problem and he/she is the solution. . .  .   .Alcoholic stops drinking that's when the problems begin. I was/am the problem alcohol was my solution although I didn't think so.     .   ..   .I needed a different solution to my problems even though I thought others were the problem. That solution for me is the steps exactly as they are laid out in the big book. Joe and Charlie big book study audio explained the big book better than I ever heard from any sponsor or person in the fellowship.   .  .   .The thing I like most about the steps is when I do the steps everyone else becomes less of an asshole!... What a weird coincidence      .   .   .I'm struggling today but everything will work out it always does   .  ... .   .
----------immediate responses--------

Yes everything does work out. Your struggles will end up being life lessons and things you can help others with. You are not alone. Keep dharing. We care about you.
In our group conscious we commit to going through a set of steps annually. We put most focus on 4-9. I just got done my 3rd step Monday and started writing inventory. This year I had a very powerful 3rd Step experience something I haven't had since the first time going through. The guy that is taking me through just had surgery for cancer and is on fire. Cool stuff. When I skimp on this stuff I don't pay the price others do....I have heard the name Joe and Charlie but have never listened to them. The guy that took me through last year didn't believe in sponsorship. You take someone through a set of steps and hook them with a dependence on God. No human decencies. I can get down with that....
Wow that is eye opening. Im grateful for this sub
&gt;I needed a different solution to my problems ..Kratom?
Where in the big book does it talk about using kratom? I thought it was total abstince. Seems like you might currently be a problem drinker 
