-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/adfr2i/chronic_relapser/

Hey everybody. Been trying to stay consistently sober for a while now. Id be able to gather some time usually 60 to 90 days but then go back out. Ive been in and out so many times im embarrassed to go back. But i know i was happier when i was sober. .Its also difficult to get to meetings every single day due to my work and home schedule. Any advice is greatly appreciated. I wish i can be one of those people who are sober for many years. 
----------immediate responses--------

If you're already going to meetings and doing the steps try to figure out what causes your relapses. When does it happen? What pushes you over the edge? Can you do something about the triggers? I like to use urge surfing when I'm really tempted. Try to google this technique and find out if it can work for you as well.
There are online meetings for people who can't make real life ones. They aren't as good as meeting in person but are def worth it if you can't make one. Addiction is a beast but with help from others and working the steps we can make it. One day at a time. Work our your triggers get a sponsor talk it out and keep going!
A friend recently relapsed and on reflection she said step 3 was where she was having an issue. Maybe reflect on where you are at with your higher power. No matter what the group will be glad to see you are back. Hang in there and keep going!
Do you have a sponsor?  Are you working the steps?  ..The recipe for success is 90 meetings in 90 days getting a sponsor and working the steps.  It was difficult for me to go to a meeting every day also.  I did it anyway. 
There is nothing to be embarrassed about.  Being dead or permanently disabled is way worse than reintroducing yourself at a meeting.  
Of course. Your life is about you and your well being I promise that people are happy that you want to keep trying. Humility is an important of the program. 
During those 60 to 90 days stretches were you working the steps? That is how you stay sober long term. Get s sponsor and dive into step work like your life depends on it. That's what worked for me at least. 
Meetings + prayer + work the steps + find a sponsor + don't drink even if your ass falls off + rinse and repeat ... if all else fails try treatment 
No wonder you're a chronic relapser. ..If you want to stop drinking AA has a way.  It requires effort.  
Have you ever tried treatment? Maybe some sort of outpatient program or an addiction therapist? To supplement your AA program. I know I personally had some things I needed to work out through therapy to make it easier to stay sober. Good luck to you!
You know what?.I am too. I go to meetings in my neighborhood there are AA folks in my building. When they don't see me for a while because I'm self employed my schedule is weird they think 2 things. "She's working or she when out again" I am very honest with my home group and I get embarrassed when I share my day count after picking up. I get applause and hugs and "keep coming back". They are happy my ass is in that chair and not sitting on my couch drinking!
Keep coming back.  The worst thing you can do when you go back out is beat yourself up about it.  We're alcoholics drinking is what we do.  Just dust yourself off and get to a meeting.  Find a new sponsor and start working the steps as soon as you can.
I know it's corny and cliched but acknowledging that you have a problem and having a desire to fix it is already a huge first step regardless of how many times you have to take it. This subreddit and also r/stopdrinking are great resources.. use them as often as you need to for support when you can't get to a meeting! Intherooms.com has lots of online meetings and you can connect with people close to you. Good luck and keep coming back!!! 
I relapsed several times as well. The only thing I did right was I  kept coming back  as they say. ..The catch phrases are annoying to me but I found one particularly relevant  you can't save you face and ass at the same time. 
Have you been to rehab? I went to a half-day outpatient program that helped me a LOT! 
Update- I spoke to my sponsor on the phone. He was happy to hear from me and said the first thing we are going to do is call him every day. Once a day. I thought that was a good idea so i am going to do that. He also invited me to his home next week to talk and possibly work on the steps. It feels good to speak with him again and to hear how supportive of me he is. I thought he was going to tell me to find someone else l to sponsor me because i was putting his sobriety at risk with my drinking. He laughed and said i was helping him. I also was able to talk with someone else from the rooms. Most everyone else on my list didnt answer. ..All of you helped me today...Thanks to all of you...Maybe I'll make it this time and 2019 will be my sober year. .
Don't be embarrassed! Just keep coming back! Hell I have so many old 24 hour chips. It is normal for us alcoholics to drink. What is not normal is being sober. But it can be done sometimes quickly sometimes slowly. ..I have to remind myself that I drank for a long time the habits I had were engrained in my daily life for many years. It will take a while for me to change all my bad behaviors. But I don't have to worry about that today is what I am guaranteed and I just have to stay sober for today. 
Go back. This time be one of those people who call before they drink again. Guessing it'll take going at least 5x/wk at the beginning and for a while plus a sponsor to guide you through our steps and completing your amends. ..So a bit to do if you want it to stick this time around. Imo we all do the least we think will work for us upping that level of inconvenience to the point where it does work is common. Most of the people you see sober a long time did the same. Keeping it there at the level it works is uncommon and is why most meetings have so few old timers. No reason you can't do it right this time.
Think of it this way: for every meeting you go to every day you stay sober is a day 1000 others just like you don't. Or can't. That makes you a real rarity for even having the presence of mind enough to get that far. You're not a failure. Recognizing your problem seeing the clear upside to sobriety and reaching for it is not failure. It's willingness...and mostly that's all you need whether you've been sober a day or 20 years. 
what you do is clearly outlined in the aa big book - anything less than doing that with-holding nothing with the guidance of a sponsor who has recovered will result in failure after failure to try and sober up.....its not about massive meeting attendance or looking for triggers or working on your defects - NONE OF THAT WORKS...and is not part of the process outlined in the book.....it absolutely kiils me that AA figured out a way to sober up for good and most people in AA are trying to figure out another way - I feel so bad for them and yet so grateful that I sobered up in a place where we worked the steps as THE method of recovering.....good luck to you...
