-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ae1qrq/a_thought/

This is something I've been thinking about sharing with other alcoholics but feel like it may come across as discounting the disease which is not my intention. .I've been attending therapy for a little over a year now and I have 2 years 3 months sobriety. The more I dive into my traumas triggers and struggles in therapy sessions the more my alcoholism makes sense to me. In addition to being powerless over alcohol I feel that I drank to not have to deal with the traumas from childhood and adulthood (as most of you can probably relate). Sobriety has been incredibly easy for me and instead of identifying as having a disease I additionally identify with having unresolved traumas that made me want to drink myself into blackouts and numbness. With each therapy session unraveling painful stuff and healing it I'm noticing my deep rooted desire to drink disappear more and more. I equally don't believe for a second I can drink normally someday but everyday my obsession is lifted I can face life a little more. While I still find it important and necessary to acknowledge having alcoholism I wanted to share my experience with therapy for those of you who feel like it can benefit them. It was easy for me to assume I was just born with alcoholism but I'm also seeing how lifes natural circumstances have furthered my disease and somehow just working on myself really relieved a lot of cravings. No matter where you are at in sobriety we all have today! Also if you are new here welcome. I believe you can find the support you seek. &lt;3 
----------immediate responses--------

AA doesn't claim to be the only way to get sober. . .They talk about moderate and hard drinkers as well as alcoholics. . .There's a story about a guy who saw Dr Jung for an entire year and thought with the knowledge of the innermost workings of his mind that drinking again was impossible but yet he got drunk again. That guy ended up finding the solution in the Oxford group and carried the message to Eby who carried it to Bill W who created AA.. .By definition in the big book you sound to be a "hard drinker".  . .Some people quit drinking no problem with no AA and no therapy. .  .For me I'm the Alcoholic they speak of in the book no amount of self knowledge will keep me sober in fact no human power could keep me sober I have proven this time and time again. My defense must come from a higher power or "God". .  . .I'm glad you found a solution and I truly hope it continues to work for you. Therapy never could keep me sober I'm a little jealous... Jk
Good for you! I am in therapy too though it really only started helping me when I got to AA. I pretty much immediately realized my drinking /drugging was just a symptom of much deeper problems and as I work on those my emotional sobriety is getting better. I don't believe I'll ever be able to drink again though nor do I want to- but outside help has definitely helped me too :)
I feel you. Though I am only 4 days sober at this point I've been legitimately trying for the past month and going to meetings for the past 2. I also go to therapy and am starting to see a connection between some painful experiences and my beginnings of bingeing. However for me therapy helps me learn new ways to deal with myself instead of just blacking out or shoving myself down a bottle. I never learned healthy ways of working through crap I self medicated with alcohol. I have no doubt that I'd still be alcoholic without crappy events in my life but through therapy I can start to see the puzzle pieces landing in place. Therapy hasn't made me not want to drink but it has shown me quite a few of the why's. I'm glad you have found help and are in a good place today. And even better that u have therapy! Someday I'll be able to string more than a couple days together alcohol free I'm sure! Thanks for your insight :)
Glad you are getting the help you need! I definitely wasn't dependent on alcohol or even drugs when I started. I had a lot of stuff I wanted to escape from as well but maybe I could have quit back then if I'd gotten help for the emotional stuff. But I believe that around the 3 year mark when I became a daily user and drinker especially when I started to substitute booze for the hard drugs I quit using it was then I crossed the line to where I was dependent on the substances. From then on it was the booze et al that was the problem - I would have drank alcoholically no matter my personal history. I was addicted to the drunk/high.  So in my own case I don't see having some concrete reason that one drinks (or got started) as undercutting the power of the addiction. The brain still gets wired to seek the pleasure thus the powerlessness to resist. 
I think there's a lot of validity to the notion that alcoholism - while very much a problem in and of itself - is often (also?) a symptom of something else...One of my goals for 2019 is to finally start seeing a professional therapist. Should have done it a long time ago. Wasted a lot of time thinking I could find all the resolution I needed at the bottom of bottles. 
AA involvement doesn't mean you can't use other methods to help with sobriety and mental health. Though I have experienced meetings and individuals in AA that try to make AA into something exclusive incompatible with all of all other methods that simply isn't true...AA is abstinence based and has an essential incompatibility with moderation based approaches. Other than that I think AA along with most other methods including most psychotherapy can be a worthwhile combo...Almost none of us have an alcohol problem and essentially no other complicating issues.
Indeed..."Though our decision was vital and crucial step it could have little permanent effect unless at once followed by a strenuous effort to face and to be rid of the things in ourselves which had been blocking us. Our liquor was but a symptom. So we had to get down to causes and conditions." Big Book page 64.
It's possible that you might not be one of us. There is a difference between someone who just drinks heavily and a real alcoholic... Then we have a certain type of hard drinker. He may have the habit badly enough to gradually impair him physically and mentally. It may cause him to die a few years before his time. If a sufficiently strong reason ill health falling in love change of environment or the warning of a doctor becomes operative this man can also stop or moderate although he may find it difficult and troublesome and may even need medical attention. ..If you are able to stop or moderate it's possible you aren't an alcoholic. ..I know for my own experience I've had no shortage of medical issues and treatment but I couldn't stop until I found this program...
It's possible that you might not be one of us. There is a difference between someone who just drinks heavily and a real alcoholic... Then we have a certain type of hard drinker. He may have the habit badly enough to gradually impair him physically and mentally. It may cause him to die a few years before his time. If a sufficiently strong reason ill health falling in love change of environment or the warning of a doctor becomes operative this man can also stop or moderate although he may find it difficult and troublesome and may even need medical attention. ..If you are able to stop or moderate it's possible you aren't an alcoholic. ..I know for my own experience I've had no shortage of medical issues and treatment but I couldn't stop until I found this program...
There's a lot of stuff said in rooms. Some of which is contradictory...Here's the definition in the big book that helped me.. We hope we have made clear the distinction between the alcoholic and the nonalcoholic. If when you honestly want to you find you cannot quit entirely or if when drinking you have little control over the amount you take you are probably alcoholic.  ..Previous to seeing that I thought I might not be an alcoholic because I could always find an alcoholic worse than me and that made me feel better...But seeing it clear like that was revealing because I had to concede it described me no matter how much I wanted to rationalize it otherwise.
