-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aephoy/how_should_i_identify_myself_at_an_open_meeting/

As a member of Al-Anon I've attended a few open AA meetings to learn more about alcoholism gain some hope for my loved one's recovery and to help find compassion for her struggle with alcoholism. But I've never been comfortable knowing how to identify myself. Is it ok to say may name and say I'm a member of Al-Anon? Visiting from another program? Or just my name? I don't want people to think I'm a newcomer trying to get sober...Also at one really small meeting they went around the room in a circle for shares. When it came to me I shared (from my Al-Anon perspective recovery is recovery) but in hindsight I wonder if that was improper and I should have passed to make sure more AA members had time?..Thanks for any input. I'm thinking about attending an open AA meeting in an hour so timely responses would be extra helpful!!
----------immediate responses--------

Identify yourself as a member of a sister group. When the basket comes around DO NOT feel like it is necessary to donate. We do not accept outside donations.
I've known a few non-alcoholics who occasionally attend an open meeting with their spouse who is a member of AA. Most often they don't say anything unless the chairperson randomly calls on them then they just say "I'm (name) and I'm here to provide support" or something similar and decline to share or they just say "I'm (name) and I'm just going to listen."
I've heard something along the lines of being from another fellowship just hear to learn and listen. I can't imagine anyone being bothered by something as innocuous as that. Cheers.
"Hi I am Fred"...No need to expand on that if you do not choose to.
Look for a double winners meeting. If you can't find one just say you are from al-non.
There's really no need to identify.  Non alcoholics are welcome to attend open meetings as observers;not participants.  .If you get called on to speak you can just pass. 
My home group shares a meeting place (in a different room of course) with Alanon.   We have an open meeting once a week and our Alanon who attend identify as a member of Alanon when they share.
If you come with an alcoholic most people in my area say  I'm Joe and I'm here for support.  ..I think if you're coming by yourself I'd probably say something like  Hi I'm Joe. I'm involved in a sister program and I'm here to learn.  
Sure identify as a member of Al-Anon.  And if you're asked to share just pass and say you're there to listen.  
In my experience open meetings are open to anyone but Its frowned upon for non members to share. If you get called on it is okay to pass. 
