-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ag3bpp/recent_relapse_follow_up/

Hi guys. Thank you for the support and advice to my previous post. I made a Reddit account just to engage with the community here. Not disappointed I did :). I had an interesting conversation with my sponsor the other night and wanted to post a follow up. ..I was in a three year relationship while I used. Through high school and into college. I was unfaithful and reckless in my relationship even though I claimed to  love her . After speaking to my sponsor and in meetings about it I finally admitted to myself that this girl was basically another drug for me. We were very codependent. When I relapsed I got belligerent and she ended up leaving me. It feels like a heartbreak x100. ..Does anyone have experience trying to stay sober early on while going through a breakup from a serious relationship? 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes. It was hell. But drinking wasn't going to bring him back. I worked hard at my recovery by seeing m therapist completing outpatient treatment and getting involved in AA. I kept busy busy busy. I cried cried cried. I survived. 
I've had break ups in early sobriety. . .Over the years so long as I always put the AA program (big book steps) first everything else has always worked out. .AA taught me to trust God when something I want doesn't work out I usually see later on the reason why was because God had other better plans for me. . .When I fully trust God (which I rarely do) I lose all fear anxiety and most sadness and depression.. .Almost nothing in my ten years in AA has worked out how I wanted it too it all worked out better. . .One day you'll meet a girl then realize why I'd didn't work out with anyone else but in the meantime get to work on you (steps) because as Bob Marley say .   ."if you can't love yourself you can't love no one else" .   .It's very true and the steps taught me exactly how to do that.  .  .It will pass bro and it will all work out it always does   .  .
Yes. My marriage ended early in my journey. It was not easy. But drinking was absolutely not going to help. Keeping my kids well  and not taking the first drink was all I could do in the early days. Things are much clearer now with the time passing. Be kind to yourself now   
