-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/agc09b/the_resistant_sponsee/

Hey team first off I wanted to thank everyone for their advice from a previous thread in which I asked for advice in regards to being annoying of doing some work my sponsor asked of me on the first 3 steps. Everyone single suggestion was spot on and chose to do the assignment (I typed half of it out) as well as was honest with my sponsor about feeling ready to move forward with the steps. ..That being said she told me she didn't think I was quite ready she hadn't heard me admit powerlessness and wanted me to fill out these work book questions that stem from the BB (idiots guide to the 12 steps). She told me I could think about whether or not I wanted to do them but that if wasn't going to do them we wouldn't be able to move forward together...Feeling the same way I had about the first assignment I just decided to do it but was definitely resistant. Turns out I didn't do this assignment the full way through either she had asked I answer to page 15 and not question 15 and honestly i just didn't pay attention to her instructions. By question 15 I just wrote out the 3 steps in my own words and called it complete. ..I thought I was being truthful when I said I had done them and when we met she was pretty disappointed I hadn't completed the whole thing as she instructed. She said she was going to have to consult w her sponsor to figure out whether or not we could really work together...I dunno I am a bit discouraged. Getting to know someone for a little over a month now and go over what can be some painful stuff its hard. This is the second sponsor I have had and both times it took me a while to find someone who had what I wanted. The first one didn't work out bc I began to serial relapse. Today I am at 3 months I feel a lot of hope and strength in the program and my HP that drinking isn't an options but...I do have a lot of house to clean...She's great and I definitely do not feel resentment towards her or the program. I learned a lot about how maybe I try and skirt full details when I want to I am terrible at instruction haha. ugh. ..Anyway thank you all for reading any stories you have from bring a sponsor and sponsee is super appreciated I think this sub is pretty great.
----------immediate responses--------

I never could get sober working some "sponsors" set of steps. .Much like you I did things begrudgingly and it became more about appeasing my sponsor and resentment that connection with God. .After ten years multiple "sponsors" and countless relapses I said to myself fuck it I'm not doing this thing anyone else's way I'm not doing it my way I'm going to forget everything I know and study the big book and do exactly what they did. That book alone was how people got sober in the 40s and how the program spread around the world. .I listened to the Joe and Charlie big book study audio read the big book and took the steps. No where in there did it tell me I had to find some egomaniac drunk to run my life so I didn't. .Go read step 3 from the big book it specifically tells us to take this step ALONE not with a sponsor and not writing out a bunch of bullshit. . .Ten years this month and I still call Joe and Charlie my sponsors they carried THE MESSAGE to me..The steps are so simple no easy but simple so many egotistical "sponsors" play God and change the actual program which kills people. . .The steps are between you and God and who YOU CAN HELP not who can help you (sponsor).  . .If you follow the exact directions in the big book not only will you get and stay sober you don't have to listen to any more advice or have other humans runs your life...... You can rely on God and the magic truly happens when you help others! .    
Perhaps this sponsor is more concerned with you following directions her way rather than her helping you go through the steps your way. Perhaps you aren't ready yet to take direction and try something new that's not your way. Maybe you need someone to give you specific directions and you should do what she says. Maybe you don't. I don't know anything about you. I do know that there's benefit to trying something even something that might turn out to not be a perfect match. Beats sitting around looking for a half-measure an easier softer way. Good luck!
Let go of control. Its doesn't matter what I think or how I feel it just matters what I'm willing to do. Besides it cant mess me up worse than I already am
A sponsor is there to guide you through the steps. Not tell you they can't work with you if you can't do homework. ..If someone said to you they won't break up with their controlling boyfriend because they felt like they connected on so many levels and were afraid of not finding someone else what your response be?
Sometimes people are with a sponsor that is never going to be helpful for them in the long run. Sometimes people just need to accept what is in front of them and recognize a lot of their resistance to things is 'self will run riot'...There aren't perfect sponsors. Alcoholism and participating in AA are less than ideal situations. There are going to be many substantial flaws throughout the whole process...I never know enough about someone else's sponsorship situation to tell them shut up and comply fire the sponsor/sponsee or adapt and negotiate. I'm sure the best answer resembles one of those three options.
It might help to think of a sponsor as simply a guide who's leading you over terrain than they've gone through and you haven't yet. When a sponsor says "based on my experience I think we should go this way" and a sponsee says "I want to go that way instead" there's not much for the sponsor to say other than "Good luck with that I hope it works out for you". 
As a sponsor I can only give the sponsee something which I know or which I have. I can't give them something I don't have. My sponsees each do the work which I suggest to them in their own unique way and we build them a program for living based on them and their life. However I can't help them to do steps they want to jump to if they haven't done the earlier work it's just not possible as far as I know and I wouldn't advise it. However if they wanted to I would ask if they wanted my view and wish them luck with that.                             ..Honestly in your case it sounds like you have had a moment of clarity about your step work and I encourage you to share that with your sponsor. You might consider that it sounds like you are doing the work and are coming to understand the suggestions you have been given in a way which you did not before. Personally I do not have experience with a workbook of questions in AA although my understanding is that it is a more rigid way to work through the steps as they are presented in the big book. However I AM working through the 12 steps in another program using the workbook for that program right now so I understand that some of it seems daunting. What I have done is just look at each question individually like blocking out the others with my hands or a piece of paper. I find that they're pretty easy to digest that way and I appreciate that it is in many ways more in-depth than the first time I worked the steps.                        ..My final observation would be that it sounds like the specific situation you talked about is that you were repeating something that you had been told and using that to avoid digging into your own self.  
Sheesh... it's "getting sober as a multi-level marketing scheme."
go to plenty of meetings. i did 90 in 90....the right sponsor will come to you and you will know its the right one when your gut tells you. i have been thru a few sponsors and its hard to find one to open up to.  especially a stranger. i hate that most sponsors dont want to be friends with their sponsees. when truly i would feel more comfy if they at least hung out with me once in a while outside of step work.  otherwise the relationship feels a bit cold and unnatural.
