-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/agfkgn/i_finally_admitted_im_an_alcoholic_out_loud/

On Friday for no reason whatsoever I went out and bought a giant bottle of vodka shuffling liquor stores as I always do and talking about the  party  I'm having and how I'm always the one in charge of bringing the alcohol. I woke up on Sunday and got a text from my dad asking me why my brothers were saying  she's drunk again . (My parents are divorced). That was the moment I decided I am just so done with this. Alcohol stole everything from me. Everything. My best friend of 21 years my boyfriend of 3 years my morals my degree my family my reputation. The first time I ever got drunk when I was 17 I woke up in a hospital. The very first time. I had a very abusive boyfriend who would take me out to expensive dinners and keep pouring me up to two bottles of wine and he would take me home and use me and then leave me. After I left him though I felt no need to get drunk. Every time I did drink I woke up in a hospital. I have $150000 of debt give or take due to my drinking. About a year and a half ago however things changed. I switched my major in school to something much harder. It was so hard that I was always puking with anxiety. I failed everything. I used a bottle of wine to help me get to sleep at night. I used a bottle of wine for breakfast. And it progressed. I'm 5'2  and 115lbs. Previously healthy. And in September of 2017 I started drinking heavily. When I read about what most people consider heavy drinking I am truly in pure awe as to why I am alive. I would drink a handle a day. Easily. For months. Somehow I was able to pass that semester. I came home from Christmas and repeatedly drank until I passed out right in front of my whole family. I couldn't wait to get back to my apartment at college to the bottle of vodka I had waiting for me. The day I was supposed to begin my very last semester of college I woke up in a giant pile of my own vomit. I never even had a chance. I attended my first class plastered. Somewhere it changed from a drinking problem into a much larger problem. I originally drank to pass out to disappear. The problem got so bad though that after a liter or so of hard liquor I didn't pass out anymore. I started leaving my house and going places and doing things often somehow appearing sober because I would wake up to find out that I visited the liquor store while I was blacked out. From February of 2018 to May of 2018 I was drinking two entire liters of either whiskey or vodka every single day sometimes it was 6 bottles of wine. I never really mixed them. I was really good at hiding bottles. Except I had a boyfriend at the time. I have no idea why he stayed with me. I would blackout and become extremely violent and call the cops on him even though he would do nothing wrong. But if he stayed with  me  when I would bring 2L bottles of liquor over to his house why didn't he intervene. Why didn't he try to save me? Force me to go to rehab? He held me down when I had seizures and delerium tremors and watched me puke for days in his toilet. I would be so physically ill that I could no longer keep alcohol down. It would come right back up. It made me cry that my body wasn't letting me get drunk. I would swallow it and lay down on the ground to try and force my body to at least get a little bit drunk before I had to puke again. And he just kind of watched me do this to myself. He said I threatened to kill myself if he did anything. When I write this I truly have no idea why I'm still begging him (literally right now. I Snapchat him 24/7) to get back together with me. (I broke up with him about 5 months ago for another guy). Seeing it written out I just feel like nobody who truly loves me would've let me do that to myself. He watched as my skin peeled off and looked into my jaundiced eyes. He saw me sweat and shake like a freaking monster. I don't know why I'm alive. I thought for sure I had killed my liver and my other organs. There was no way someone so small should've been able to survive that. I looked disgusting and I felt like I was dying. My parents knew and they didn't intervene. I didn't grow up in a bad household but they just sort of made a conscious decision to look away and pretend that nothing was wrong. The drinking slowed down in the summer to two bottles of wine a day and three hours at the gym to combat it. But I was living at home so I had to hide the bottles and then wake up early on recycling day to hide them at the bottom of the container. I don't understand how nobody said anything for three months. I mean I was living at home. Then fall came and I really thought I could just quit and start over. Hence the new guy but once he realized the truth about me he up and left after stealing me away from the guy I loved. (He is now married three months after leaving me so he is clearly trash anyway.) I drank alone in my room. None of the liquor stores in the whole city carded me anymore. I thought my shuffling around would hide it but it didn't. I blacked out but not as much as before not like I had been blacking out every single day in the spring. It was getting to be less and less. I lost fifteen pounds. I also had found out that I just got out of a year long  manic episode . I have bipolar disorder. I wasn't being properly treated for it so the alcohol was the medication. I was scared to kill myself so alcohol was a temporary way to die. I completely ruined Christmas this year when I came home again. I was blacked out for five days. All I've been told was that I was violent and mean. And yet. Nobody did anything. Nobody said anything. Nobody even asked if something was wrong. What really clicked and made me decide suddenly that I'm no longer scared to say I'm never drinking again was when I realized that absolutely nobody in the entire world cared about me at least not enough to save me from throwing my life away. The people who said they loved me were actively watching me throw my life away. I woke up and realized that I'm the only person who can stop this from happening. And it became easy. I haven't even had one craving. Not at all. All I had to do was realize that the love I thought I had was never there. You can't really love someone and watch them do that to themselves. They would throw money at me and think that absolved them of their parenting duties. I'm thinking about leaving my family. I deserve to be loved and feeling unloved is going to make healing a lot harder. I've been dabbling in spirituality. Medically it's not possible for me to be alive much less running everyday and writing coherently. I'm starting to believe maybe there is somebody telling me there is a reason for me to still be living on this earth that I'm here for a reason. I'm obviously scared to have the bloodwork done and see the extent of the damage. But I'm believing there's a reason and I'm hopeful. I didn't need AA or rehab. I needed one single moment where I learned that I'm allowed to love myself. I finally downloaded this app though because I kept searching for stories online of other alcoholics that had it as bad as I did and recovered on their own. But everyone who had it as bad as me didn't make it out of the whole I guess because the stories I'm reading about are people who thought a bottle of wine a day at 175lbs was alcoholism. Which it still is but I was consuming 2 liters a day. I'm 5'2 . I could t find the stories I was looking for. Maybe I'm a miracle. I need to let this guy go. I don't know why I am so scared to lose him. I want his love. I wanted to be loved but when I'm honest he was never very good at loving me. Not in the way I needed to be loved. I know how to love me. I need to stop wanting my mother to be my mom when she actively gave up parenting me when I was 12. I just I guess I'm writing this because I'm so confused why I'm still alive. Not just the amounts of alcohol I was consuming but the amount of blackouts and times I had no idea where I was. I'm not in jail. I'm not dead. Maybe God is real. I smiled for real today. I wore a bow in my hair and played with my dog. I felt peace. The rain stopped falling and it feels like the storm I was living in is finally over. I've been able to stay sober for weeks before but it was an active effort and I never felt like the storm was over. I felt like I was still in it and I knew I would relapse. I don't feel that way anymore. The temptation vanished    Its just gone. Out of nowhere. I woke up and started loving myself. I've never told anyone these things before. I'm just so confused why I'm not dead. 
----------immediate responses--------

