-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/agmtos/battle_of_head_and_heart/

 Rarely have we seen a person fail who has thoroughly followed our path. Those who do not recover are people who cannot or will not completely give themselves to this simple program usually men and women who are constitutionally incapable of being honest with themselves. There are such unfortunates. They are not at fault; they seem to have been born that way. They are naturally incapable of grasping and developing a manner of living which demands rigorous honesty.  .. Step One: We admitted we were powerless over alcohol   that our lives had become unmanageable. ..I recite these bits of text to myself every day. My head is so loud it's hard to jump back into the program. I was dry for four months before I relapsed convinced I wasn't an alcoholic. I'm now in the business of substitution and controlled drinking and I know it's not going to work. But I can't bring myself to just stop and to get in the rooms.  Cunning baffling powerful  indeed. ..It amazes me how clear the answer is and how challenging the task of doing The Thing   is for me. It's right there and yet! I don't know what I'm looking for with this post. Maybe just needed to put it out there. I'm so thankful this place exists. 
----------immediate responses--------

First time Comment On Reddit...I don't like that word Battle OP. Surrender... *The fact is that most alcoholics for reasons yet obscure have lost the power of choice in drink. Our so-called will power becomes practically nonexistent. We are unable at certain times to bring into our consciousness with sufficient force the memory of the suffering and humiliation of even a week or a month ago. We are without defense against the first drink.*..AA PG 24..You don't know what your looking for? I know that feeling. .. (a) That we were alcoholic and could not manage our own lives.   .(b) That probably no human power could have relieved our alcoholism.   .(c) That God could and would if He were sought. ..&amp;#x200B;..Sought OP! Sought..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Find a meeting today and claim your seat- just for today. .Tomorrow will bring whatever it brings but at least you won't be thinking about  getting back in'.     
I can relate to you so much I'm at the point where I'm alone and destroyed any mean full relationship. But I continue to drink at any moment given the fact I can't even handle my alcohol. .I keep feeling sorry for myself but yet do nothing. Not good at drinking or life. ..
I totally expect the fact I have no power over my drinking. I can't love myself enough to claim a seat in probably the only place on earth where I truly belong. .I keep asking myself why? What I have come up with is I spent so much time drinking and never truly fitting in with a room filled with peoples. That fact in AA meetings make m cry for that full meeting simply because I'm overwhelmed with feelings and memories. then I run!!! .I haven't had a drink in 24hr .Tomorrow I'm seriously thinking of going to a meeting. 
Is your drinking still fun? That's what my fellowship says. When it's not fun anymore when boose has beaten us into a state of reasonableness we've got a good shot at this thing. Remember it says all that was required of us was a willingness to believe that's it. Just don't drink today get to a meeting and most importantly work the steps. It's so amazing!!
