-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/agyh28/aa_for_atheists/

I really want to go back to AA (and by want I need to do something before I ruin everything). I've struggled in the past with AA because of the spirituality part. I had a sponsor who tried to push Christianity on me which I found difficult. I also had issues with other members pressuring me for not attending more than two meetings a week some weeks (I was writing my dissertation at the time - an amazing thing to get sober for but I couldn't justify the time when I was mere weeks before my deadline).  I was also pressured to cut out my friends who drink despite me telling them about AA and them being fully supportive. I found it quite upsetting to be told  get these people out your life'..I want and need the support and guidance I received before. But none of the pressure to cut out people I love and believe in something I cannot believe in. Has anyone successfully done this? Am I still able to get the support of AA without willing to give up fundamental believes and people I love? 
----------immediate responses--------

r/atheisttwelvesteppers has some things you might like to explore!
I found SMART as a good alternative to AA without the spirituality component (and I thought it was great at giving tools to help). They also have good online meetings if you can't make the face-to-face..&amp;#x200B;
(On mobile)..All i know is I really dont know if there is a god or not but when I  pray/meditate it causes profound neuro/psychigical changes that lead to jungian syncronicities...I f*cking hate christianity but i still came to believe in God even with a psycholgy/math backround. To me god is not the spoiled narcissist that christians want him to be...It helped me to think that we are all the same being such that seperateness of our forms is illusory and that in reality what i am doing to others is what I am LITERALlY inflicting on myself just as when I pick up a drink i hurt others and myself..
I identify hard with this perspective. I came into sobriety deeply suspicious of AA because I was an agnostic and had wonderful friends who were fully supportive of me. Cutting ties with them was a non-starter. Neither was fully accepting God. ..What worked for me was not worrying about that and buying into the AA mantra of "one day at a time." Simply meeting other alcoholics and hearing their stories was valuable enough for me that I felt like I could ignore the rest. Over time I've come to accept a higher power and I now see it as essential to the program. But that certainly didn't happen overnight. I've also over time gradually moved away from some of my old friends even those who were supportive simply because our lifestyles are so different now. Neither of these changes was particularly traumatic or disruptive for me because they happened so gradually...I'm sorry that your sponsor pushed Christianity on you and that other fellows chided you for attending two meetings a week. AA is a program of suggestions but fellows occasionally take things too far and become demanding. I would ignore them; their insistence says more about their own program than yours. Perhaps you could find someone who seems a little more self-possessed to be your new sponsor. Or additional meetings. They exist everywhere: One of the best most freewheeling meetings I ever went to was in Jackson Mississippi...NB: I've attended both SMART meetings and atheist/agnostic AA meetings and there was more talk about God in those meetings than in the ordinary AA meetings I attend. 
Your sponsor wasn't doing it the AA way and was actively causing harm. The steps of AA will work no matter what you believe or what higher power you use. A lot of people use the group as their higher power and I know one person who has 43 years of sobriety who used "whatever is keeping the rest of those people sober" as his higher power.
Coming in to AA I identified as an atheist I kept an open mind and that changed. ..Today a good time later I can't imagine doing AA without a higher power it's integral to AA.  ..I'm glad someone explained to me the difference between religion and spirituality.  That made a huge difference for me. 
First off I want to say welcome back! The only requirement for membership is a disire to stop drinking. So anyone who pushes a particular religion on you can be kindly told to get lost. In the history of AA the 12 traditions were created because of religious intolerance in the Oxford group which was the precursor to AA. Basically there was friction because of Catholic alcoholics coming to Oxford group meetings which were created by Protestants. This is laid out in Dr. Bob and the Good Oldtimers. Personally I made the program if AA my higher power and I haven't looked back since..In regards to hanging out with old friends in my experience it is hard to find yourself through the 12 steps when you are repeating old behaviors and being influenced however subtly by drinking buddies. I recently went home after 6 years of not drinking and found this to be true. I sobered up out west and went back east for Christmas where I contacted old friends. They were all drinking heavily and using drugs and I found myself wanting to be apart of it. I did bizarre things like buy them copious amounts of booze. In the liquor store I found myself getting excited like I used to do when drinking thinking "how much can I buy for $50" "what should I get?? Ive never seen that one before". It was alarmingly obsessive and I called my sponsor immediately after and I didn't drink. Cunning baffling and powerful!.Anyways I hope you find a more positive enriching experience with whatever path you take in sobriety. Surrender to win!
This sponsor was imposing their will on you which is not their job; they are to be guide to work you through the steps and be available if you ASK/SEEK for their insight if you are in the grips of cravings. They are not your parent pastor/rabbi or psychiatrist. They are fallible humans just a drink away of being a "neophyte" like you. ..&amp;#x200B;..I will add that there are some who are sicker than others who struggle with accountability who may need a sponsor to provide them structure and direction; I don't think you're one of those people. ..&amp;#x200B;..I will share my continue exploration of spirituality and hopefully it will bring you some insight for your path. ..&amp;#x200B;..I had to make a decision that my inability to accept a God/HP in AA was not going to stop me from getting sober. I have many a internal debates over my repulsion and aversion to the Big Book's evangelizing demanding that I "find him now" as if that is the only way to stay sober. ..&amp;#x200B;..In the rooms if I encounter any form of direct proselytization I avoid those ppl or that meeting all together. I made the decision to only accept the message of "what worked for me..." if it wasn't being pushed on me as the only way. ..&amp;#x200B;..I journal regularly now making observations of how my belief system is evolving as I hear many interpretations of an HP--- I recommend this going to many different types of meetings and open your ears to AA'ers discussing their version of an HP. ..Instead of Higher Power I believe in an "Other Power" something/one outside of myself that I lean upon if I cannot do for myself. This evolved to become my concept of surrender. ..The other power can be something as basic a can opener to open a can or something as powerful as plane to get me to the other side of the world. I've come to rely on the FELLOWSHIP and COMMUNITY of AA to keep me sane accountable validated as I explore life as a sober person. They keep me coming back and feel less alone in this journey. ..So my GOD is the Group Of Drunks that I've come to trust. ..&amp;#x200B;..You may never believe in a Higher Power but you will come to understand that you can't (and shouldn't) do this by yourself. ..&amp;#x200B;
Ive been an atheist my whole life. If you can beleive the 12 and trying to stop lying to people will make you less likely to drink thats good enough to make a begining...I need a power greater then my self to keep a bottle out of my face not to get in to non existent heaven
It might help you if you listen to yourself a bit more carefully.   When you drink alcohol is your behavior unpredictable?  (Meaning all could be fine but on occasion you go  off the rails ?  Is there a clear reason why you think that you are a problem drinker?  Maybe an alcoholic?..If you have decided to quit drinking alcohol then AA is the best way I know of to permanently do that but in my experience you must put your needs first.  In decades of AA no one has ever pushed God onto me - or told me who I should hang out with.   For the most part it doesn't interest me to hang out with partiers but some of my good friends are drinkers.   The only thing that I have asked for help with has been doing the Steps.   ..I am a follower of Theravada Buddhism.  Strange for a Westerner but I was stationed in SE Asia a long time married a local and am close to my family there.  They are all 100% Buddhists.  Gautamathe original Buddha was reportedly asked three questions by a holy man.  First question -  are you God ?  Gautama responded  no .   Second question the man asked  then are you an Angel ?   Gautama responded  no .   Third question the man asked  then what are you?    Gautama replied  I am awake .   Buddhist teachings are all about getting out of self (turning it over);  and ridding ourselves of  clinging  and  craving .   Pg 76 of the 12x12 talks about fear being the driver of all our character defects.  Fear of losing something that we possess(clinging) and fear of not getting something we think we deserve (craving ).  ..So in my case I may defy the 1st and 2nd Commandments (no God but me; no worshipping of God likenesses).   Buddhists do bow before a Buddha statue but this is out of respect for his teachings and not bowing to him as God.   ..So there is my higher power like it or not!  But I never  sell it  to others and I am very happy to see my fellow AA's turn their lives and will over to whatever they are comfortable with.  I am very grateful that I did not start AA in the middle of the  bible belt  as I fear that a good deal of Jesus or God pressure could arise in those parts.  But I could be wrong as I have never attended AA there.   50% of my AA has been in the US  50% in foreign countries.  It works quite well everywhere...
Check out SMART Recovery. No group prayer. No reading aloud from a book. No God this God that. No "I'm powerless I surrender to God" stuff.
You don't need God to be sober..You do require believing in something bigger than yourself..It's a bit of a paradox to a newcomer but please be open minded..We just say God because it's the shortest word that everyone's familiar with.
I've been in a similar position. Sober in AA went through a long painful relapse and wanted desperately to be sober again but was hesitant to go back to AA. I am an atheist and was afraid that I wouldn't be able to grasp the spiritual part of the program and was doomed to be miserable forever...Long story short I got sent to a 12-step based treatment center so the choice wasn't mine. I was in enough pain that I decided to try my best to open my mind and see if I could get the spiritual stuff.  I fully admitted my powerlessness and knew that I wanted to get better and couldn't do it alone. Eventually the way I felt started to change. My anxiety went away and I felt peace in a way I never had before. I felt totally okay with myself...I am still an atheist and I don't call my higher power "god" but I know that I can access my higher power by quieting my mind and feeling peace. I don't hear voices or anything but the answers are there for me...That's just my experience... today I would say that the spiritual part of our program is pivotal to my recovery. I read and write poetry. I meditate and it works for me. It's embodied knowledge- I know something is true because I can feel the sense of peace in my body. The painful vibration of anxiety isn't there. When it comes back I need to take measures to be in contact with my higher power...Again just my experience. For me it's totally possible to be an atheist in AA.
You can so be atheist. Get a new sponsor please.
I insist that I not believe anything as true without evidence.  If you are like me you can try what I did...Try it out as a science experiment and only judge the results...That's what a scientist would do...Try a week of getting on your knees and praying. See what happens. ..And do it whole heartedly because if it's not whole hearted it's not really a valid experiment. ..See if your life gets better or not. ..Turn your will over to what you think god would want you to do if god really existed. It's just an experiment. ..Do it seriously...And if nothing happens then you've maintained your integrity and proved everyone wrong...I know what happened for me is that when I tried this experiment my life got way better I felt great and the obsession to drink was removed...And that put me in a weird spot because I know god doesn't exist but praying and following what I believe is gods will made my life way better...So what should I do?..Should I live my life in misery but refusing to change my mind or should I keep doing those things that make my life happy even though god doesn't exist...I know that I and many other have a  god of my NOT understanding ..In other words I don't know why it's working but it keeps working so I keep doing it even though I don't understand...Are you open minded enough to try the experience to and see what happens?
I've done SMART I'm also certified as a SMART facilitator...What I found was that SMART helped give me tools to  fight  the urge to use.  ..I think this is great for non-alcoholic heavy drinkers. I'd highly recommend it for non-alcoholics who want to stop drinking...I was sober using SMART but I wasn't happy because all I had done is learned techniques to fight the problem each day...Because I was an alcoholic that obsession was always there...When I went to AA (with some scepticism) and did the steps something changed. The problems itself disappeared. I was sober AND happy...The difference between SMART and AA is about more than just whether you currently believe in a higher power - it's fundamentally different view about what alcoholism is...Are you powerless over the first drink or can you fight it if you have enough tools...For me personally I know I'm an alcoholic and trying to fight was an exhausting fight I would eventually lose...I'm not bashing SMART I like it a lot but if you are powerless over alcohol then SMART can't help you..
I am an atheist - I have been an atheist for a long time - through both my addiction and in my recovery.  I do not believe in God or any type of deity.  I attend AA NA and AlAnon meetings and I'm almost (a few more days) 9 years clean and sober.  I have a sponsor (who believes in God) and I sponsor others. ..&amp;#x200B;..My higher power is the people in the rooms - basically "group consciousness". ..&amp;#x200B;..I don't pray - I don't now nor will I ever understand praying (it makes me feel icky and false) - so every time someone says pray - I meditate.  
There are plenty of secular AA groups. In the UK they are a significant majority.
Very few of us come into AA with a good relationship with a higher power. Many of us never find that...For example I came into AA on decidedly bad terms with "God" whatever that was. I refused to believe that anything was more powerful than Phredex! Certainly not some unknown unfeeling entity in the "sky above"...After all it was all his fault and if he was really there how could he have let me get into such a sorry state that I needed to go to meetings?..So basically we come into AA with a disbelief a disdain a dislike or even a hatred of God...It is nothing unusual. ..All I really need to know wass that the "Power Greater then Myself" was in fact not me...Don't worry about. Some people find religion some don't. The goal s to stay sober for today and it is one hell of a lot easier to do that when I am surrounded by other people also trying to stay sober for today.
My sponsor is a born again Christian and that was a big issue for us.  He kept asking me if I prayed to God and asked for help.  Steps 2 3 6 and 7 didn't mean much to me when we "worked" them.  I faked it and it just reminded me how much I disagree with the "fake it till you make it" line...I was a Christian turned Atheist turned Agnostic.  Struggling with spirituality actually helped me find Buddhism.  The Buddhist path provided me with a much needed moral compass without the need to believe in a god.  I was lucky to find a second sponsor (a 74 year old Buddhist) at my local meetings.  People said this wasn't a good idea because I'm male and she's female... but Buddhists don't follow stupid rules...We reworked the 12 Steps with another book.  I know plenty of grad students who attend 1-2 meetings a week.  Friends are tricky I just avoid going to bars and being around drunk friends.  None of my friends have drinking problems so it wasn't an issue for me to remove them from my life.  They have been supportive of my lifestyle choice not to drink or do drugs...My local AA groups are incredibly supportive and few people insist upon newcomers to work the perfect program.  I also find NA ACOA and Al-Anon helpful.  I get different things out of different meetings...If people in AA are pushy toward me I simply smile and say "That you for your input."..I had a similar post 6 months ago and a person recommended a book that initiated my spiritual awakening:..A New Earth by Eckart Tolle (I found this book more helpful than The Power of Now but both are good.)
[https://www.aa.org/assets/en\_US/p-86\_theGodWord.pdf](https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-86_theGodWord.pdf)
Google AA Agnostica! 
https://secularaa.org/tsml_meeting/..This site has a list of all Atethist and Agnostic meetings.
I just heard a five year sober atheist speak at my meeting last night. No one forces God on you or forces you to cut people out of your life. If you want what we have....do what we do. I echo the sentiments above.:) Your higher power can be a light bulb...it doesn't matter as long as it is something outside of yourself. If you have a Big Book...read the Chapter to the Agnostic and Bill W's story. Both address the God issue very well. 
I always found it silly when people said stuff like 'you higher power doen't have to be god it could be this chair' I can't count the number of times I've head people say the thing about it being 'this chair'.   That sounded ridiculous and disingenuous even at my first meeting at 16...My take on the 'higher power' thing as an atheist is this:  The collective wisdom of the people in a meeting is a 'higher power' than you can generate as a single individual.  The lessons of other people's mistakes and stories of their success is absolutely a 'higher power' than what you brought into the room for your first meeting...and probably still higher even if it's your 1000th meeting...Easy-peasy...'higher power' for atheists.
i omit the word god when saying the serenity prayer at meetings and take the opportunity during it and the "lords prayer" to look around the room to see whom else isn't saying it. i make a mental note of them for the time when i am ready to start a freethinkers/agnostic aa meeting in my locality. 
I've been in AA for quite some time and I do believe in God however...I don't give a shit what anyone else believes in. If you are going to AA and trying to get or stay sober I have nothing but respect for you...There are some assholes in AA that will ridicule you for not believing in God...it's their own ego and insecurity. You have to learn to block those fuckers out if you want sobriety and to be in AA. There have been people in AA that didn't believe in God and would make fun of me for believing...it killed me at first. I wanted to fit in and wanted people to like me. However I realized AA has saved my life and if I have to be around a few ignorant people to save my life I can learn to block them out and I have. I'm not saying it's easy but it is possible and there are a lot of people in AA that do believe in God that don't care if someone is an atheist. Try different meetings...some are much more open then others. We are all alcoholics and all trying to better our lives and that's what I focus on. 
