-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ah8oyx/back_in_the_program_2_years_later/

I (30s F) need to have a more-anonymous-than-Alcoholics-Anonymous vent sesh with realistic feedback if anyone is willing because I'm back in the program but I know I'm still being sneaky and dishonest and I know that's the first step to going back out again. And -- in spite of the dumb tug of war I'm about to describe -- I really don't want to do that...I've been out for two years and I'm just going back now. I went out after hitting the 3 year mark but I wasn't invested in the program anymore at that point. The main catalyst for this was a breakup with someone in the program and subsequently dating someone who was a normal drinker. ..So when I went out I was dry for about a month but it turns out what they always say is true: you stop going to meetings you're going to start thinking you can drink. So then I started secret drinking just one night a week only one or two drinks. Since I hadn't been drunk in so long at first that really felt like enough. I felt like I was cured... (even though I was drinking and not telling anyone! INSANITY!) ..I won't lie -- during that first year of being out I had some really fun times. It felt like when I first was drinking. Then over a year ago shit hit the fan in my personal life and I started using alcohol to numb out. I'm a shallow bottom drunk (so far) so it didn't get catastrophic but emotionally things got pretty bad and my self esteem has tanked...After a year of secret drinking (or just drinking around my partner) I started drinking more publicly but I still didn't tell my few AA friends. (Maybe they knew since I definitely gained weight and looked generally unhealthy...) The thing is I've maintained this tangled web of lying by omission for so long that until just now I couldn't even remember when my first drink was. (It was \~1 year 11 months ago.)..Now I'm doing 90 in 90 but I haven't been honest in my shares. I've been downplaying how long I've been drinking implying that I was dry for a lot longer than I was. I think my motivation for lying is that I don't want the people I lied to to know that I lied (i.e. trying to control the outcome) AND I think I'm trying to maintain the false narrative that I am not as reliant on alcohol as I am... which now that I think about it probably has less to do with pride and more to do with me having an easy out (i.e. I'm already planning a future relapse.)..I know what I have to do:  be honest with everyone and get a sponsor and tell her all of this. But I guess I just needed to spill here first...TL;DR -- I'm back in AA but not being honest about how long I've been drinking and I'm telling on myself so that I can be honest and get better. I'm so much rawer than I thought I was. 
----------immediate responses--------

Your honesty is your key to freedom. Keep it close! Welcome back!
I think you know what you need to do. Like you said they probably already have a sense. In situations like this I like to imagine hearing a share like this from someone else in the meeting. If I heard someone raise their hand and share what you just posted I would think now there is someone who is getting honest and taking this seriously. Good for them. I would not judge them at all for lying or whatever. It's hard because we get wrapped up in our own ego but try to look at it from that perspective. 
Working through the 12 steps (especially 45 &amp;6) will help immensely!.It may sound dumb but these steps are a design for living! a life hack on adulting if you will. They do so much more than just keep you from drinking. Keep your honesty that you have shown here (which is very brave) when you're working the steps and you will find more success and happiness than you ever imagined possible! Remember  it's about progress not perfection!!!
No one really cares if you were drinking for 3 months or 9 months. Or lied 8 times or 38 times. The honesty is for you not them...Lose the secrets and you get to live more comfortably.
Good for you! An underrated factor in AA is people struggling to be honest in the rooms. Pride and shame exist in there too. It can be difficult to be vulnerable and admit that your addiction is as powerful as it is...I was in a meeting recently in which a woman counting days broke down and admitted that she'd relapsed and had been drinking all along. Everyone approached her after the meeting to offer encouragement and a hug. We've all been there! ..Now that you've been honest here you can try it out in the rooms. Don't worry. No one will judge you. And good luck.
I spent 13 years in and out of the rooms before I did one thing differently. I would always get a sponsor maybe call them maybe not. I would go to the rooms and I would talk about my problems my drinking I would try to downplay how bad it was I would try to look good. I was more worried about what people thought of me than anything else really.   ...Eventually I had enough. What did I do differently?   ...I was so tired of hearing myself talk. I had no idea how to be honest. I did not speak at a meeting for the first 30 days because what the \*\*\* did I know? I needed this humilty. I needed to stop pretending. I did so by saying nothing.  ...The other main thing I did along with this and I think I needed to stop talking to do it: I got to work. I got a sponsor and instead of telling him about my problems I said: "What do I do next?" Then I would do that. As soon as that task was done I said "What do I do next?" It wasn't all easy but I did it. I shared my inventory. That was the only time I spent talking rather than doing in that first 30-40 days before I got working on my amends.  ...I had to learn to shut my \*\*\*\* mouth for once. My whole life I had been talking. Telling people about my plans. Telling people what I was going to do.   ...For once in my life I did what I thought I should tell people that I was going to do instead of just telling them. I just did it instead. I got in the habit of doing something first and telling people about it after instead of just sharing my plans.
Secrets keep you sick and your willingness is the key. The longer I'm In the program the easier honesty comes to me. We're alcoholics honesty isn't our native language. Don't be so hard on yourself. No one will judge you and if they do that's none of your business anyway. Fuck em. You're doing great. 
we share to save our ass not our face
