-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ahs82l/slipup_and_anxiety/

I've been in the program for about 10 months but I got myself into a nasty relapse this past week. I feel absolutely horrible (the flu on top of the dreaded withdrawals). I'm going back over my program to see where I failed I could really use some advice from anyone else who remembers the brutality of earning their first 24. I really feel awful like I might end up wanting to trade this day with nearly any other day in my life. 
----------immediate responses--------

All I can say is I'm in the same kinda boat. I just made my first post to this sub and I'm two weeks sober about to lose it and drink. I would say you should be very stinking proud you made it ten months I'm half way to one and am about to crumble. Love you bro. Keep that head up.
Were you going to meetings? Working your steps with a sponsor? Praying? Being of service? I relapse when i stop all of that...
The AA Fellowship I go to advises to keep coming back. Relapse is part of my story as well. I had a number of them since my first attempt 2.5 years ago. About the only thing I did right was to keep going back. 
I had 3 years sober and was active in the AA community - never did the steps though. I relapsed and it was REAL bad. Like I was homeless on the streets of Trenton within 6 months. It took over a year for me to finally come back and when I did I heard nothing but encouraging words. I was terrified to get back to my old home group but I'll never forget the words this woman I barely knew said to me:  Prayer works. Welcome back.  I realized that I had convinced myself that none of those AA people cared about me but when she said that to me I realized how wrong I was. I'm so glad to be back for almost 2 years now. ..Just give yourself a break and keep coming back!
Don't give up and give yourself a break! If you focus so much on the fact that you had a slip surely your anxiety will rise and it will put your sobriety in jeopardy. One saying that helped me was  One day at a time . Just look at what you need to do today to stay sober. Did you go to a meeting? Did you eat enough hunger can exacerbate anxiety and stress. Can you use what you have learned in A.A. so far to help you stay sober? Once your head hits the pillow you've accomplished the task then you can focus on tomorrow when it comes!
Did you have a sponsor?  What step were you on?..I relapsed frequently until I got a sponsor and got to work the steps.  I've been sober ever since.  My experience is typical.  
An old timer when I first came in told that alcoholics like to drink and that is our standard operating procedure. He called resume not relapse. The was 19 years ago. I stayed for almost 5 years then I packed my bags for the great out there. .I tried with all my power not to come back to the rooms at all. However God did not want me do I was stuck on earth..I had 7 months on the 15 of Jan. I shake and messed myself up but bad bad bad. ..I have never been happier since I came back. ..Just remember the ONLY requirement for membership is a DESIRE to stop drinking. ..If you have a desire to stop drinking you are a member. Welcome back my friend 
Don't think.  .Don't drink.   .Get to a meeting or 3 today..   .I relapsed many times for many years before finally getting sober.    ..It takes what it takes.    .   .Relapse is part of it for so many of us but the ones who make it are the ones who come right back.  .   .I'd get a month relapse one night come right back. Then 5 weeks relapse one night come back and on and on it went for many years.   .The only thing I really regret is the times I stayed out.  .  .  .Get to a meeting if you sit around and listen to yourself and wallow in the guilt shame and remorse it will take you right back out it did for me anyways.  .   .There's a reason we always say keep coming back. so.   .KEEP COMING BACK .   ..   ..  .
Thank you all. I'm not 100 percent this morning but my anxiety is lower. ..As a general response yes I have a sponsor and I'm in the process of completing Steps 4-5. Really just need to figure out who to speak with on it. ..I want what you all have I just get stuck in my toxic thinking sometimes and want to skip the "go to any lengths to get it" part. I overdid it and I know how each time you stop then pick up again the harder the physical repercussions are. As I was doing it I just stopped and ask myself "what is it that you enjoy about this?" I really can't enable myself to feel like I did yesterday. ..I neither want to nor can I drink like a normal person. I never could. The more resentment in that I allow to fester the more likely I'm going to be back to Day 1. 
