-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ai0snj/hitting_a_depression_low_went_to_aa/

I AM STRUGGLING. And I'm not sure if it's struggling with the urge to drink but just struggling with crises coming up in my life and I'm sinking into a depression...I'm not sure why I decided to go to AA I haven't had an urge maybe it was because I found one that feels like home and I needed to not be in my head...People could see something was up with me every time they asked someone to speak they looked at me. Believe me I wish I could've I needed a hug to release but I couldn't do it without me breaking down and crying. I don't want to be that person. ..I lingered and rushed out at the same time if you know what I mean. Debated going back to get tea (near a cafe). I must've looked like a fool walked back and forth from my car before decided I couldn't handle it...Now it's back to isolation. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been in the same exact stage for months. It's almost like we can't even describe how we're feeling - a mixture of emotions at extremes...I left my very first AA meeting hysterically crying. I couldn't stand the idea of going sober for more than a couple of days...Today is the first day I will be going back to AA for two days in a row!..Don't beat yourself up. Take it a day at a time. Getting better is a a process and will take time but don't be afraid to lean on supporters for help.
I feel that. When depression is bad just leaving the house to go to a meeting can be a huge challenge. Good on you for going.
I find I have more issues with the depression piece of it than cravings. But when I don't control the depression I just say "Fuck it" and go drink. Meetings help me feel like I'm accomplishing something. It gives me a sense of belonging and purpose. Doesn't matter if I speak or not it's just nice to have as a positive part of my process. 
i find good sober fun activities on meetup.com to keep me active / out of my head. 
I'm a hugger if I sense someone at a meeting is hurting or if they break into tears I will hug..We are in AA to be supported and supportive..Take care of yourself today.
I walked in and out of meetings.   Loitering lurking anxiety you name it.  I see others do it we all have to go to our first meeting right?  Just keep coming back it'll work out fine. 
anti depressant helped me 400% and 12-20 sessions of therapy for the first year of sobriety.
