-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ai1n41/stuck_in_step_1_and_getting_frustrated_with_myself/

I want to stop drinking but i also dont. ..I hate the black-outs hangovers lies and loss if patience but i keep doing it over and over again. ..I stop going to meetings make my group worry about me but it takes me going back in to even think about the fact that they must worry when i stop coming in. I dont want to keep doing that to the people who help me. I cant keep doing this to the people who love me. ..I cant ruin this again. Im finally happy after that horrible episode of depression. Its thanks to the problem i got out of it but now i started drinking again and i know ill fall flat on my face if i continue. Ill have to start all over. Again. ..Im going to lose my sponsor my fellowship and my mind if i continue. ..Why the fuck do i keep relapsing? 
----------immediate responses--------

Because you're on step 1. You need to get Into Action! Steps 1-3 should be pretty simple:..1- I can't do this anymore. .2- I need a miracle. .3- I'm open to the idea that a miracle is possible. ..If you're there then you need to get into step 4 and get it done. Most of us experience relief somewhere between step 5 and 9. For me it was step 5. Once I completed it I had a strange unidentifiable feeling. The next meeting I went to someone read the Fifth Step Promises (pg. 75). Weird coincidence... Right? ..Fifth Step Promises:.."Once we have taken this step withholding nothing we are delighted. We can look the world in the eye. We can be alone at perfect peace and ease. Our fears fall from us. We begin to feel the nearness of our Creator. We may have had certain spiritual beliefs but now we begin to have spiritual experience. The feeling that the drink problem has disappeared will often come strongly. We feel we are on the Broad Highway walking hand in hand with the Spirit of the Universe."..When they read those I started to get emotional because I realized that that was exactly how I felt. I completed an action and got the exact results that the Big Book predicted. 9 years later just reading those promises gives me chills... 
It sounds to me like you're drinking to overcome a craving beyond your mental control. In the beginning I didn't see this as drinking against my own will because I went to the liquor store bought booze and drank it consciously. Talk about it in meetings. Other people may have tools that you haven't yet developed to get through a would-be relapse. 
from page 30 of the big book:.. The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death...We learned that we had to fully concede to our innermost selves that we were alcoholics. This is the first step in recovery. The delusion that we are like other people or presently may be has to be smashed. 
It is real easy to blame someone else some disease or a million other excuses why one keeps "relapsing." Before you skip over the first 3 steps and move into the 4th and beyond DO the first 3 steps. Get a sponsor who understands the steps and AA's Basic Text (Big Book) and has good sobriety (not just time). ..Dr. Silkworth wrote a great article in the AA Grapevine on so-called "slips" in the 1940s. The founding members understood that slips happened when the prospective member had reservations. Until one gets rid of the reservations and is willing to go to any lengths to stop drinking forever (yes that's what it says in the Big Book) they will keep falling back into their old ways. Pretty simple stuff. 
Hiya thanks for sharing. It takes a lot of courage to post something like this. So you already understand it takes a lot of courage to do step one...&amp;#x200B;..What I realized about Step One is that this is not for anyone else; this is for me. I had to stand in front of a mirror and say I was powerless over alcohol and that my life was unmanageable. Sure the people in my rooms cared what I was doing but this was the start of **my journey**. They would only help me once I was ready to start. ..&amp;#x200B;..And honestly I wasn't ready the first couple of times. I came to meetings and then I would leave and go get sh\*t faced. But you know what? That's what drunks and addicts do. We drink and we use. ..&amp;#x200B;..Normally we do not stop drinking and using. ..&amp;#x200B;..Then one day I finally realized that I had enough. I had to come to that decision all by myself. None of the doctors the shrinks the lawyers my family my friends my employers or even my new AA people no one else could make that decision for me. I finally realized that I was ready to try something different a solution...&amp;#x200B;..I was sick of the puke the anger the depression the shame the fear the disgust the lies the hiding the next day and me. I was so sick of me so tired of me that I finally realized that I wanted to try something different...&amp;#x200B;..Once I made that decision it was pretty sweet. I made at least two meetings a day for the for 30 days. I came to meetings early and I stayed well after the meeting ended. For some reason staying around that weird room kept me from thinking about drinking and using. After about a week I started making friends and we started getting coffee or food before and after the meeting...&amp;#x200B;..And the rest started to happen so much easier...&amp;#x200B;..Anyway that's what can happen. Cut yourself some slack. Remember drunks don't like to stop drinking. But we have a good and cheap solution if you want it...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Consider reaching out for medical help now.  Self medicating for other issues can happen.  The point is that the modern tool set for addictions is much larger now.  Use it.
I didn't worry about the AAs whenever I'd have to get sober for a bit to please an authority until I could drink again. Interesting that the thoughts of them gives you guilt. You might be about ready. At least closer to ready than I was for 6 years...But imo a guy who won't call and talk with a member before drinking again isn't ready to do the rest of the stuff to stay stopped. Might be something to commit to this time around.
I wasn't able to admit complete defeat until death was at my door. I hope it's not like that for you. An alcoholic death isn't a pleasant one. I used to think  "I'll deal with my drinking later" or  "I'll quit when I'm older" or  "Maybe if I end this toxic relationship I'll be able to drink normally." I even thought "screw it I'll just drink myself to death." Dying turned out to be not so easy and painless. 
From Chapter 5:How It Works page 58 of the Big Book: "If you have decided you want what we have and are willing to go to any lengths to get it- then you are ready to take certain steps."..Chances are and please understand this is just my opinion based on what little knowledge I have of you and your situation that you are simply not fully ready for the steps. We all have that crucial turning point in our lives where we hit bottom and are willing to go to any length to stay sober. Heck many people including posters on this thread (looking at you u/stacktherocks ) have said that it almost came to death before they were ready....Am I saying you should keep drinking? No I would never suggest that. I am saying you should keep going to meetings keep yourself away from alcohol at any means possible and surround yourself with a good circle of sober people. As the old timers say bring the body and the mind will soon follow. It took me a good 5 or 6 months into sobriety and hitting meetings until I realized I needed to get a sponsor and do the steps. Because quite simple I wasn't fully convinced. If I'm not fully convinced then I am not ready....Good luck to you.
You keep relapsing because you're not really afraid of the drink.  Once this becomes real and not a  game  you'll probably have a better chance. 
Go to aa meetings out of self respect. you came here for help now you got it...let us know when you finish 120 meetings in 120 days. No compromise.  im over a year and two months sober because of that and doing therapy for 2+ years.    Im sober happy sane at peace and thriving.  the 12 steps is a must and the more thorough you do it the better.   Stop doing life alone.  Get PLUGGED in completely.    AA JOE AND CHARLIE DOCTORS OPINION on youtube. you're call.
