-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aiame6/7_months_sober_feel_like_life_is_getting_better/

 ..I'm 24 male Irish (Obviously) I was born and raised in a small rural village with two alcoholic parents. I was the last one born of 4 siblings (Brother 39 Sister 36 &amp; Sister 33). My father died at the age of 59 when I was 17. He died of cancer he had a 9 year battle with it and it was hard to talk about anything growing up whether it be my two parents drinking the head of each other or my Dads battle with cancer - I never told anyone about it to a month before his death. I am only 7 months into recovery I try to get 4/5 meetings of AA a week and also try to talk to new people as much as possible - I've started boxing again which was something I did when I was younger going into the Semi-pro circuit and remaining undefeated 3W-1D. I also have taken up soccer coaching with a local club and Improv Class for trying to deal with all the anxiety I suffer from. I came into recovery for a girl to try and show her I could change - I got her back but she recently dumped me on the mouth of Christmas which I think looking at it - I wasn't capable of being in a relationship. I've never had any problems with the girls unless I was inebriated. I find it hard to talk in most social circles nowadays because the only thing I use to talk about was my drinking and drugging habits. The last time I was drunk I was drunk for 2 months &amp; my drug habits were everything bar H - Although It was mainly weed E-tabs &amp; Coke. I find it hard to talk to people because I find myself to be the most boring monotone fellow about with not a lot to talk about. My memory is weak and I can barely keep a smile on with people. I started a job 7 months ago and I have been struggling to properly settle within the company. I'm an autoCAD technician for an AV installation company. I appreciate any questions that are applicable for my situation not just for you but for my own growth...I don't know what exactly I'm looking for here but fresh eyes pay dividends so they say.
----------immediate responses--------

1st great job not drinking today and the 7 months prior.  You are accomplishing amazing things.  I was in a very similar situation in my early sobriety.  The thing someone told me that helped me find perspective "Do not be so hard on yourself try to  love yourself a bit more"..We alcoholics are an impulsive bunch.  I was the master of instant gratification.  I had to learn to slow my entire life down and celebrate the small victories.  ..One thing that helped me immensely was meditation.  20-30 mins of guided meditation per day.  There are great apps (free and paid) available via your smartphone.  At first meditation allowed me a 20 minute quite break in my hectic day (wife kids etc) but now I find it helped train me slow down my brain and practice being more mindful of my words actions and thoughts.  It's a work in progress for sure but I am very happy with it.  ..I am impressed with your achievements and I won't drink with you today.
Damn man you do a helluva lot more than I do! ..I think it's just about becoming comfortable with life in your own skin without resorting to chemicals to increase or boost your own feelings. Sobriety doesn't ensure we get everything beyond our wildest hopes and dreams. It just gives you a good shot at being reasonably happy most of the time. ..For me putting down the drink is a smaller part of my issues than depression impulsivity anxiety and restlessness are. I don't think we're very dissimilar. I assumed life would be this awesome party when I was drinking then when I stopped I thought...life would be this awesome party. My line of thinking and my expectations (which are often the root of our resentments) were my issue more so than the booze (which was a main cause of the depression and anxiety). ..It's an everyday battle but I spent so long forcing unrealistic expectations on myself and others I found this world that lacked the high-speed insanity I lived in all the time to be disturbing. Then I went looking for that insanity again. I'm working hard to learn to just be and I definitely sympathize with what you're saying. 
Just because we get sober doesn't mean it will be all sunshine and rainbows. ..I went through a time last summer when I actually entertained the idea of chucking in the towel. ..Luckily I did not and I feel better. My current mantra is  Using will NEVER make anything better ..IWNDWYT 
Hi and welcome to a new way of life!!!  Congrats on getting sober!!! Have you been working the steps with a sponsor?  Those steps are the key to freedom! Also I had the same feelings in early sobriety. I was so awkward when talking and didn't really know who I was since for my whole adult life all things had to do with drinking and drugging.  I was told to do esteem-able things to gain self esteem. I started volunteering at a local pet shelter since I felt more comfortable around animals rather than people. I also continued on working steps and making my amends. This helped me. Sorry about your father he is probably looking down on you very pleased.  God bless. 
You're doing great. It's not all pajama parties and blow jobs once we get sober. Go through the steps with a sponsor the way they are outlined in the book. Then come back and let us know how you feel. Good luck!
Just keep at it like the other one said it's not all blow jobs and rainbows in sobriety.  ..It took me about 9 months before I didn't constantly feel out of place and even then now at two years I'm having another rough patch. It takes time to heal from the hell we've put ourselves through. Think about how long your family was drinking then you were drinking. Alcoholism is a family disease there's a lot of damage done from your parents dysfunctional drinking and yours. It's going to take a lot of work to get right with the world again. Time heals all wounds or some shit so just give it some time and really put some effort into finding out what heals you. Try new things and be easy on yourself. It'll get better. Take care   
I just wanted to say I feel you. Don't give up because you feel dull or what not. I honestly feel like that most days as well but it's worth it. My memory is also shit and I don't remember much of my 20's . I want to remember my 30's  even if to me I seem boring..I've actually been talking to my sponsor a lot lately about how I feel the need for chaos. She asked me to find sober healthy ways to create chaos. I'm working on jt and it feels good..Also us alcoholics are selfish folks. Get out of yourself. You are fresh in to sobriety and it may feel Dull sometimes but it's.Temporary. Are you working the steps with a sponsor? I highly recommend this to take a good look at yourself . Drinking is just a symptom of our problem..We need to totally change who we are to stay sober. Work with another alcoholic. Another guy in my group goes to the beach and picks up trash when he is focusing on himself too much. Get out of yourself man. It will work itself out. Give yourself time.To change. Willingness is the key. 
 Like what has already been mentioned here- Steps and Sponsor. Most of what you mentioned has to do with managing your own life... or not. We are all kinda nutso crazy at first but it doesn't really matter in fact that first year sober is often looked upon as a great time. The important thing is being able to continue living sober and for me that involved working the steps at the direction of a sponsor. Good luck.
Do you have a sponsor?  Are you working the steps?
To be honest with you it sounds like you're doing great and keeping yourself busy. I love that you're helping others. Staying out of our heads is the best thing we can do in recovery. Gratitude lists are really helpful when I find myself wanting more. Also I can recommend the book   How to survive this  by Augusten Burroughs. His voice is sharp and cuts to the bone. He has a lot of great advice the chapter about confidence was really insightful to me. 
Hey I celebrated seven months of sobriety yesterday. I get along by going to meetings slooowly working through the steps working out a lot (CrossFit climbing swimming hiking). I cook. I read. And without fail I list three gratitudes every night &amp; pray &amp; meditate every morning. Only five minutes of meditation but it still helps. 
Hello McEvoy   My name's Mark and I'm an alcoholic.  ..Congrats on 7 months!..When I got sober I felt the same.  Anxiety self-conscious about myself felt boring and uninteresting.  There were a few things that helped with that but before I share those experiences I want to point out some things you're already doing right   You're going to meetings you getting involved in things (like boxing)... you're *trying*...Right so my experience with this...  First a large component was just time.  Time just takes time.  I went out for coffee with groups of people from the meeting after most meetings and for months it was terrible.  I just sat there thinking "If I don't say something anything they'll think I'm an idiot.  If I *do* say something they'll know I'm an idiot!"  I was sure they kept asking me to come out with them out of nothing more than pity and charity. But after some time I found my voice.  A story from my past that was relevant come to mind and I shared or a quick funny pun popped out and fit into the discussion.  Rarely at first then more and more frequently.  But the people laughed with me or listened to me and I felt more at ease more a part of...In tandem with time was practice   I just had to keep being in those uncomfortable situations until they became comfortable.  I needed to build up some callouses to it because my own had atrophied from substituting booze and drugs for them.  I just had to keep accepting the invites keep putting myself in the position to grow through the discomfort...Finally and perhaps the most beneficial in that it reduced the amount of time and practice I'd need to get better to feel better about myself and to feel comfortable around people was doing the work in AA.  Working the steps with a sponsor seeking a higher power in the steps that worked for me (an atheist) talking with other AAs about their experience with whatever step I was on or about some piece of the literature I was struggling with trying to find new ways to relate each step (or its principle) to myself and my life being involved in service enough to find out it's not all about me...  These things taught me to be okay with others and myself so much more quickly than any idea I could've come up with on my own.  And that's just it they weren't my ideas   they were the suggestions I was getting in AA...Speaking of suggestions maybe see if you get involved in Young People in AA community.  Maybe there's some service work you can do to help with this   https://ireypaa.org/ireypaa-2019/..Also this might be a helpful AA book to read   https://www.amazon.co.uk/Forming-True-Partnerships-members-relationships-ebook/dp/B014PII6BW..Either way you're doing great!  You've got 7 months and you're trying! Guys like us when things don't feel good or aren't going our way we drink.  Reaching out to ask questions to ask for help... that's not the easy first-thought option for us.  Yet here you are doing just that doing the work.  You're right where you should be.  It gets better.  Keep going.
Are you working with other alcoholics or sponsoring anyone?
Getting thru the steps quickly is key.  That's where the freedom lies.  Maybe time to have a convo with ur sponsor about picking up the pace or perhaps getting a different sponsor.  Getting thru the steps and sponsoring other men will give u so much happiness u wont even remember why u weren't happy before.  I promise.  Hang in there!
First off - congrats on all you've done and for staying sober today. Don't forget the small stuff is actually fundamental stuff too. ..The one thing that comes to mind is finding a really great sponsor and sounding board within the program to bounce ideas feelings and look for help in day to day. A man who can sponsor you is not meant to be infallible but someone outside of yourself who can give you feedback. My sponsor is an invaluable source of confidence to me that I never expected to have and 90% of it comes from just talking with someone outside of my own head. ..Keep up the great work and find a great sponsor to kick the shit with I think it will give you a lot more perspective and appreciation that you're looking for. ..Be well
I'm a week shy of 7 months myself. Well done. I've had a hard time socializing as well. All I want to talk about is recovery stuff or what I used to do. Fortunately in my area there are fellowship gatherings after meetings where we go to a restaurant before or after a meeting. Great job with the athletics mate the new dopamine sources are critical to avoiding depression and relapse.
[https://imgur.com/DUG1zuy](https://imgur.com/DUG1zuy)
Sponsor steps service. 
I'm at 5 months and feel ya. I have fun but I also feel like an idiot when I'm trying to navigate conversations. Still feel clueless and slow to everything. IDK the answer. Let's just keep going and have faith it will even out...But 1 piece of advice....Get your butt past step 7. That's no place to hang out!!! :) Bigger and better awaits.
Alright gunslingers not long back from a 09:00 o clock meeting myself I'm sober today thank God and me living from a soul level and not my head see in my head there is no middle ground the highs are high and the lows are extremely low i had no blueprint on how to deal with life not something taught at school or university now i do im living up to my values if i drank i won't been and addiction and values don't mix they clash tomorrow is a new day though thats how i keep it anyways its easier that way for me tomorrow might be the day but if i keep to the program i know I'll be ok the monkey is of the back but the circus is still in town as the wise ones say AA members i do drop in here from time to time just to remind myself where i came from the head is a amazing place it edits out the bad time and highlights the good just like a tv show worth watching the reason i making a comment tonight is because something i had read in the comments section something like been in a prison i have been to prison drink related 06 months sentence alcohol addiction is like a prison but without a jailer i remember when i heard that from a comrade it really is the lonely place in the world to be i never want that feeling back live is to good now I'm living up to my values I have value thanks for your share gunslingers 
Respect you are a tough son of a gun. I came to say I'm proud of what you have accomplished and I hope I can make it seven months. Hell I'll take one. I also wanted to suggest you look into cognitive behavioral therapy for your anxiety. It saved me from panic attacks and got me off xanax that a doc was pumping in me. Best of luck and sorry about your father. 
Done leave before the miracle happens. Finish your steps keep going to meetings. Pray Give back. The Promises are real.
I'm about ten months. I was lucky to have a sponsor who constantly reminded me to luck at my evolving sobriety and compare it to the past rather than me get into the popular (at least in my sick head) territory of why doesn't it feel better why haven't I done more why does it seem to fit other people better. For me that was the hardest part. I had spent my life thinking like this and the drinking was a  nice' friend to cheer on this shitty interpretation of myself. I still find myself at a loss in social situations but instead of feeling like a fish out of water now I feel slightly out of place cause people getting hammered around me is boring. When I hear what you've said about yourself it makes me so happy that you've found outlets for yourself and for service. Finding niches that work for us individually is instrumental. I am so happy that you get to experience a different day of sobriety that due to your evolvement is intrinsically different as well! I love these subs. I was die hard for meetings for years and now it's not the same but I always have space in my heart and the rooms have plenty heart and space to welcome me back. Find what works for you. 
ever tried therapy.  it was the best thing i ever did for all aspects of my life. but stick to minimum 12 sessions.  then try again 6-9 months later. 
