-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aigu46/what_is_your_higher_power/

In October 2017 I decided to get sober and checked myself into rehab for a month. After I left I found a sponsor regularly attended meetings and started to work the 12 steps. At the beginning I was very serious about my recovery and making the necessary changes to live my best life possible however about 4 months in I found that I was having a really hard time opening up to my sponsor and fitting in with others at AA. I have a very bad social anxiety problem and it was exasperated by being sober. Not only that I was finding it very hard to surrender to  a power greater than myself  being that I have been agnostic for my entire teenage and young adult life. So basically being the anxious person I am instead of seeking help with these issues from my sponsor and people in my practically nonexistent support group I had created for myself I slowly started to fall off. I quit speaking to my sponsor and I stopped going to meetings and working on my steps altogether. I figured that if I had made it so many months sober I could continue to do on my own   which I did for a couple more months. Then I relapsed and spent the entire summer of 2018 drinking once again and progressively getting worse. ..Almost 2 months ago now I decided that I needed to stop before I found myself at a worse rock bottom than before. I have been sober 58 days. I have not been attending AA I have no sponsor and I am not working the program. I want to. I know deep inside of me that I cannot do it on my own although I have until this point but realistically speaking I am aware a life of recovery and sobriety is a lot more than just not picking up the drink. So I've began reading my big book again I am planning to attend a few meetings a week and look for a new sponsor. Until I find one I am doing what I can on my own as far as working the steps go and once again I find myself struggling with what my higher power is. ..To anyone willing to share their experience with finding their higher power I ask that you leave some works of advice/encouragement for me so that I can begin to grasp a concept of my own. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me it's just a power that's all love and no opposite that connects us all.  Kind of like the tree of life in avatar.  I believe it to be a diety I also believe the program of Alcoholics Anonymous is meant to develop a relationship with this god as in a diety.  I wanted nothing to do with god before coming to aa but my mind has been changed and I am so grateful that it has because the way I see life and myself in it is such a better perspective than before.  I have zero problem with religion the 12 steps are from the Bible.  The message is the same.  I can see god working in the lives of a lot of people of many different religions.  
I can totally identify. I really struggled to find my own understanding of god as well. My first sponsor told me to start praying for the obsession to be removed and when I told him I didn't believe in god he said  just believe that I believe  and that was enough at first. Then I started piece medaling together my own conception by stealing bits of what I heard other people share at meetings. . .One friend said he used his conscience that feeling you get when you know you're doing something wrong that you can't control..Another one was love. You can't really control love so it's definitely a power greater than me..AA as a whole is also much not powerful than I am by myself. ..Now to me god is just everything that is beyond my control and I just have faith that I will be  ok  no matter what.  Row the boat and let god steer  is one of my favorite expressions. To me it just means do your part and accept the results. I'm studying for a test to go back to school now and my part is to study my ass off to accept the results whatever they may be and to just believe that I'll be ok whatever they are...My suggestion is just go to meetings listen get a sponsor start writing and let your relationship with god or a higher power or whatever you want to call it develop organically. As long as you're not closed off to the idea entirely which it doesn't sound line you are you'll be fine. .
My family and namely my wife. Her love and support of me over the years has always meant more to me than anything. I know it's not quite right but I'm new to this and atm that's mine.
I have a higher power that I do not understand or comprehend and I'm ok with that. ..God as I do not understand him...I tried praying doing the steps and I kept having experiences. I don't know from what but I do know they happened...Neither the steps or the book say you have to be able to define the power you just have to seek it and have a connection to it.
I pray to the Universe. My third step prayer starts with Universe and when the word God comes up in the big book I replace it in my brain with Universe. Discussing the word God with my treatment counselor and group helped me come to terms with accepting that everyone's higher power is different and that my recovery is designed for me. 12 and a half months sober I now pray to whichever word comes to my mind at that moment. I have a very different beliefs than most I've found in the program in the area I live in so I keep my personal beliefs to myself unless someone specifically asks. My sponsor accepts my ideas though she doesn't agree with them and has told me as long as I have a higher power that I answer to is all that matters. I'd suggest meditating on the question and be open to what answers you'll find. 
I could type a book on my spiritual adventures in AA but I will not give you everything just what i think you might find interesting.....I love the freedom AA gives me to believe what i want and the first major piece of the puzzle to fall into place for me was the fact that i had always been bothered when some of the religions of the world say " we are right and you are wrong ". And I was encouraged in AA to create a vision of "the perfect god" (in my opinion of course). This perfect god did not care if you were a catholic a jehovah's witness a muslim believed in hinduism were jewish EVEN buddhists fit into this category under MY beliefs and i can do anything i want : )..So I pictured a perfect god who cared nothing of what any human being called what they did in terms of religion but loved ALL of his children and treated them equally and appreciated all of the religions of man and was there in EVERY church trying to help his children despite the shortcomings of them.In my opinion it was MAN who said we have cornered the market on god and if you want the one true god you have to get him here!.. I want to believe in a god who says " no no no...I NEVER said that ........YOU said that!... and stop fucking it all up.......oh wait....nevermind you're human and you can't help it ok carry on do the best you can .....but....please? never stop trying to be better ...... ok? "..Then I was fortunate to have a very spiritual man put in my path who agreed to sponsor me he told me wonderful simple analogies that made sense and just rang true I WANTED so much to believe them. His vision of god was (i believe ) taken out of the bible somewhere but not dependent on belief in the bible....The perfect father who loves ALL his children he is patient with them when they misbehave and tries to teach them right from wrong but knows that they will play with fire and burn themselves and when they do he is willing to start over at the beginning and try again not punishing but also not stopping when a child takes their own free will and tries grabbing a hot coal...Also important was how i relate to god I am in kindergarten my sponsor said I know 1 + 1 = 2. God is like a university professor and the kindergartener will never understand the math that the professor can do and this is ok because I don't have to the fact that i will never be able to fully understand what god is  is a surrender for me  of sorts. To accept help from a mysterious source that i will NEVER fully understand i just have to TRUST! and have faith....I also took a little bit from star wars the force a power that flows good and evil it depends on how I use it and to utilize it towards the good i must LET GO . Luke flying along the surface of the death star decides to follow that still small voice which tells him to "let go"  and when he does things go good. It works for me on that level find your own examples : ).Taking this one more step I believe that my vision of god is just a "face" an overlay if you will  that i put on my god so i can relate to him much more easilyand it does not matter if this is not the actual face of god this is the one that works for me makes it personal to me and this goes back to my first point if i can put a face on god why can't the jews or the hinduists are we not probably all talking to the same higher power just with different faces WE put on it?..Another major point was that i found out that god cared about me he cared if i was afraid if i felt like drinking or using he cared if i felt lonely or was hungry tired or angry. He wanted ME to feel ok...Sponsor quote: "god gives me EVERYTHING i need to feel ok today the trouble comes when i use it wrong"...God probably controls the universe and everything in it all the plants and animals on earth and the planets and the galaxies? I really don't know what i do know is that he cares about each of us has time for everyone of us and wants the best for us puts help in our path when we are trying to get to something better but it is up to us if we accept the help or not we are free to refuse it...I was sober a few years and i felt somewhat comfortable with God and asking him to keep me sober and praying and asking for help when things got rough i was picking strawberries with my brother and we were not alone strangers also picking strawberries nearby...My brother who is a churchgoer was asking me about my beliefs  I was telling him all about what god does for me....he asked me " WHY does god do all of that for you?" and silently waited for me to answer.........I quietly said ( it was a weird place to be having this conversation as far as i was concerned and i did not want any strangers to hear me say it ) ".....because he *loves* me?"..He smiled that was the point he wanted me to acknowledge. It is the same message i hear over and over in every AA meeting i go to .."god doesn't make junk".."the people in AA loved me until i could love myself ".."we are not bad people trying to get better we are sick people trying to get well "..I hope i shared something helpful everything i have shared has been given freely to me at one time or another from many people and books and movies and songs when you find your higher power do not hesitate to encourage others who come after you to do the same and keep the ball rolling...
My willpower.
I guess for me it's some personal version of the form of the good. The idea that overarching everything else is this goodness that radiates downward and is there for the taking. .I think I've really latched onto the Platonic forms for whatever reason. It all just makes sense to me. There is goodness that we can't access directly but it can be seen working throughout all of humanity if we pay attention. In my darkest hour I was pretty convinced that there was a good and kind world that existed in a very practical sense. But the hatred and misery in me had cut me off from it forever. Now I'm thinking it's always there if we just give ourselves to it.  I can't have it unless I do the work to get it.
I don't know.   
&gt; I was finding it very hard to surrender to  a power greater than myself  being that I have been agnostic for my entire teenage and young adult life...It sounds to me like you were finding it very hard to surrender to God - because being agnostic has absolutely nothing to do with surrendering to "a power greater than yourself".  It starts with realizing accepting and admitting that there *is* a power greater than yourself - and unless you're an egomaniac you should have no difficulty name *several* right off the top of your head even ... and again I haven't said and am not talking about God...For me when I first showed up it was pointed out to me that here is a group of people who have all managed to get and stay sober - a feat I was entirely incapable of - so hey that group of people is "a power greater than [me]" .....That power greater than me always wants what is best for me - it also suggests I get a home group and a sponsor and do the steps as outlined in the book.  Again unless I'm totally full of myself and think I know better than all these people who are clearly able to do something that I am not I should probably take their advice and try what they suggest...Somewhere along that path you may as I did discover that thing that everyone calls "God" - is it "God"?  Is it sentient?  Does it know or care if I pray?  Is it even aware that I exist?  Is it just some kind of energy?  Is it external or internal to me?  No one can answer any of these thing definitively but they can all agree there is *something* - if and when you get to that stage you can start to explore that *something* if you wish - or don't and like so many just accept that you don't know what it is and don't understand it but it's there and that's kinda neat ... or maybe you don't get to that place - and if you don't I'm sure by that time you've still made a ton of progress in recovery and in life simply by accepting the fact that you are not the be all and end all of existence and humanity and that there *are* powers in this universe greater than you ... and by turning your will and life over to just about any one of them you'll probably be a whole hell of a lot better off than when you were in the driver's seat ... that was absolutely the case for me at least.
Read the big book. .  .Listen to the Joe and Charlie big book study. .  .Do the steps exactly as they are laid out in the book. ..  .Absolutely no where I'm the book does it say you have to do the steps with a sponsor. .   .Same thing with describing and defining what God is that comes after step 12.  .  ..
I think the more helpful thing for me to share is my early experience of conflict between the religious beliefs in God I held when I came in and the concept of higher power that I got from AA. I came in with a concept of God that was judgmental and not helpful coupled with a lot of shame in that direction. I thought I had a lot of faith in that God but no really faith that God as I conceived him then would help me. Having that in my head probably held me back in sobriety early on. As I got sober I found the need to accept people in AA including a sponsor and the groups as a higher power. Not exactly replacing God but in the sense of being more capable than I was. ..&amp;#x200B;..Later I developed a concept of God that is not tied to a particular religious tradition but that is my personal journey and I know people who have achieved a very fulfilling sobriety who are very religious and some who are completely agnostic.
Whatever it is it's not me. That was something I heard at a meeting that stuck with me. A higher power can change it doesn't always have to be the same. It can be something concrete (The fellowship nature your family) it can be abstract (Being kind to others a deity or religious entity). What I've come to understand for myself is that it is easy for me to block any kind of higher power from my life when I fall into my character defects so before I even start looking at what a higher power is I have to be on the right path in general. The steps seem to lay this out very well and in a manner that is somewhat vague but still understandable. Even the term  higher power  could literally mean anything but in step 2 (came to believe) there is no mention of any kind of definitive action or requirement in order to complete it it's merely asking you to believe that something outside of yourself could relieve you of your alcoholism. I've found for myself that this higher power concept is evolving so what I thought of as my higher power yesterday might be different today. Prayer and meditation are recommended when dealing with this issue as well!
Thanks for asking. I have had a lot of different religious beliefs during my life but by the time I made it to the rooms I really didn't and it had been a long time. I had been drinking and using heavily during almost a decade of time which... well I guess I was agnostic if I didn't care only about my spiritual life or my higher power then maybe I didn't care about anything in life all that much. At the time I was married to a person who was kind of a ranking member in a soft cult (by which I mean that they were definitely a cult but they weren't really bilking people dry). By the time we were divorcing and I got sober (been that way since) that person no longer believed they were human instead having been convinced she was a supernatural being like an angel or actually an angel. It was sort of nutty. So when I came into the rooms I had HER higher power which had been around in her own prayer and ritual routines which I never participated in. That higher power is whom I have been praying to ever since although I have added on some meditation practices from a different faith entirely and my understanding of it will always evolve. I believe our belief in a higher power is always evolving and changing if we take it seriously. I don't usually share what the nature of my higher power actually is to other people but it has a name which is not God and when I'm in a meeting I don't use the word God I use the words higher power. This is because I believe that the program of Alcoholics Anonymous works for you no matter what you believe in even if your religion is Atheist. I have no desire to proselytize and besides that my own personal spiritual beliefs aren't really in alignment with any existing religion so I don't know how I COULD proselytize anyway lol. So the important thing is that you practice the principles of AA have a desire to stop drinking and to learn how to be sober AND happy and be willing to take certain steps. The final thing I will say about your question is that the steps don't ask us to believe in a power greater than us they ask us to believe that a power greater than us can restore us to sanity. There's a very big difference! Some people suggest that you use a doorknob or a rock but I disagree because those are not powers which are greater than us. If someone wanted to use a material Earthly thing I'd suggest not to stop short of the ocean or the atmosphere or the energy which binds atoms together. Say what DOES keep our atoms from bursting apart anyway we're all made up of these minuscule particles and there's nothing but empty space in between and something somehow holds it all together as our cells and makes order out of all that chaos while keeping our hearts all beating...&amp;#x200B;
One thing that I've heard is to start by accepting that you are not god. And if you're not god then there is a lot that is bigger than yourself so just pick one. I think a lot of people are so used to religion that higher power brings to mind God but you don't have to pick God if you don't want to. I've heard many people say their higher power is AA and I can definitely see that working for people. ..Also the Joe and Charlie big book study is great. Saw someone else mention it. 
My spirit power.
AA community is my higher power in this case. 
I'm right where you are at 59 days today! I'm still grappling with the whole higher power thing myself but luckily I've got a great sponsor who believes in The Almighty but he is a master at prodding me just enough to help me discover my own conception. Here's what works for me:..Undoubtedly in terms of cosmology biology and underlying many theologies there is a chaos. A confluence of energies that have been here that are still here now and that will always be here. ..In such a closed system there is a net-zero totality and I am a part of it. ..From the interactions of all within this totality emerge patterns. There are various patterns that emerge luck art coincidence love beauty. An algorithm comprising several variables encompasses and drives these patterns. ..I can acknowledge that such an algorithm is there; a pattern composed of all patterns. In other words this algorithm is the harmonious interaction of patterns antithetical to chaos disorder hostility working towards neutrality. ..Surely these inner workings of the universe the mathematical patterns behind nature behind art behind chance coalesce on planes beyond the frequencies my ear can hear beyond the scope of what my eyes can see. There is a completely different way to view the world but I don't have the sensory organ for it...In a smaller scale I believe this algorithm steers an inner resource; proof of a source of power beyond what's at the forefront of my psyche. I wouldn't call it mystical or divine. Nietze wordded it better than I could:..  . The organizing idea that is destined to rule keeps growing deep down - it begins to command slowly it leads us back from side roads and wrong roads; it prepares single qualities and fitnesses that will one day prove to be indispensable as a means toward a whole - one by one it trains all subservient capacities before giving any hint of the dominant task "goal" "aim" or "meaning. .	  Ecce Homo.  ..The powers of example resilience inner resolve reliance on my group of drunks; these are game changers for me but I don't believe that this force this ethereal stimulus is a living one that summons the universe to my aid because it loves me. ..I don't believe any of it is orchestrated by a creator entity that intervenes to sustain a personal relation with its creatures. For me to nod my head at horoscopes and pretend I do would be dishonest. What I believe may be helmed is how I channel the variables at my disposal into this algorithm. ..Much like an autonomous machine this algorithm functions like a monolithic consciousness that splinters itself into innumerable partitions and experiences itself subjectively. Much like a machine input dictates output...All I have to do is engage with this idea in all its permutations. I thus become open to the idea that my conceptions beliefs and experiences are limited. I become open to new beliefs and new possibilities. I become open to the idea that I can live a better more loving and useful life in service even if I don't fully understand how I will do it or what it will be like....My third step prayer goes something like this: ..Please source of balance nature and love  may my doubt and prejudice be laid aside so I may be open to new ways and better serve my fellows. May I be granted willingness to seek kinships and experiences that will move me closer to truth; and in hardships to believe that this problem too will be solved the way others have been solved before.
I'm right where you are at 59 days today! I'm still grappling with the whole higher power thing myself luckily I've got a great sponsor who believes in The Almighty but is a master at prodding me just enough to help me discover my own conception. Here's what works for me:..Undoubtedly in terms of cosmology biology and underlying many theologies there is a chaos. A confluence of energies that have been here that are still here now and that will always be here. ..In such a closed system there is a net-zero totality and I am a part of it. ..From the interactions of all within this totality emerge patterns. There are various patterns that emerge luck art coincidence love beauty. An algorithm comprising several variables encompasses and drives these patterns. ..I can acknowledge that such an algorithm is there; a pattern composed of all patterns. In other words this algorithm is the harmonious interaction of patterns antithetical to chaos disorder hostility working towards neutrality. ..Surely these inner workings of the universe the mathematical patterns behind nature behind art behind chance coalesce on planes beyond the frequencies my ear can hear beyond the scope of what my eyes can see. There is a completely different way to view the world but I don't have the sensory organ for it...On a smaller scale I believe this algorithm steers an inner resource; proof of a source of power beyond what's at the forefront of my psyche. I wouldn't call it mystical or divine. Nietzsche worded it better than I could:..  . The organizing idea that is destined to rule keeps growing deep down - it begins to command slowly it leads us back from side roads and wrong roads; it prepares single qualities and fitnesses that will one day prove to be indispensable as a means toward a whole - one by one it trains all subservient capacities before giving any hint of the dominant task "goal" "aim" or "meaning. .	  Ecce Homo.   ..The powers of example resilience inner resolve reliance on my group of drunks; these are game changers for me but I don't believe that this force this ethereal stimulus is a living one that summons the universe to my aid because it loves me. ..I don't believe any of it is orchestrated by a creator entity that intervenes to sustain a personal relation with its creatures. For me to nod my head at horoscopes and pretend I do would be dishonest. What I believe may be helmed is how I channel the variables at my disposal into this algorithm. ..Much like an autonomous machine this algorithm functions like a monolithic consciousness that splinters itself into innumerable partitions and experiences itself subjectively. Much like a machine input dictates output...All I have to do is engage with this idea in all its permutations. I thus become open to the idea that my conceptions beliefs and experiences are limited. I become open to new beliefs and new possibilities. I become open to the idea that I can live a better more loving and useful life in service even if I don't fully understand how I will do it or what it will be like....My third step prayer goes something like this:..Please source of balance nature and love  may my doubt and prejudice be laid aside so I may be open to new ways and better serve my fellows. May I be granted willingness to seek kinships and experiences that will move me closer to truth; and in hardships to believe that this problem too will be solved the way others have been solved before...Hope this helps!
My Higher Power is the same One that Dr. Bob Clarence S. and the overwhelming majority of early AA members believed in:..Jesus Christ...He is real. He is alive. And He has worked wonders in my life. 
journalling your higher self will write u solutions and advice on paper...your inner child doesnt lie...also.....googling my dreams to look for signs from a power greater than me. writing my dreams down.  I wrote my dreams down every day for a year and believe me I found clues. which is why I still keep track of them.   The ego doesn't exist in sleep mode....dreams are your higher self talking to you...&amp;#x200B;..also the serenity prayer will show you where u are in charge and where u have to surrender and let go...so god or a creative intelligence can swoop in.  you can only control maybe 50% of life. the rest is a power greater than you. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
