-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aih5nk/my_mom_is_a_closet_drinker/

So for the past 4 months I've had this ongoing struggle of babysitting my mom. We just moved houses and ever since we've moved here she just seemed to be taking alcohol really bad. I personally have never touched a drink but I've always assumed she was a lightweight or something like that. Well ever since like 4 months ago she started to get really fucking bad. I'm 18 by the way...One can of Mike's hard lemonade will make her noticeably less observant and less coherent. She starts throwing around swear words and stops thinking rationally. After two Mike's she starts to lose control of her body stumbling around and making rediculous decisions. Just this last weekend she opened the stove and asked where she had just put the bacon when it was literally right in front of her on the stove top. After three Mike's she can hardly fucking talk. These stages get even worse when she drinks hard alcohol like whiskey or vodka...One time she stopped at a bar at work and ordered a strong drink I think it was whiskey but I'm not positivethe point is that it was only one drink. On her way home she drove into a concrete pole and knocked it over. She came home and parked her car like nothing happened. The next morning I went out to my car and noticed that her car was damaged pretty good on the side. I asked her what happened and she said that she must've been sideswiped I even told her that it looked like driver error to me (just the way that the damage on the car was you could tell it wasnt another driver that did it). She got pissed at me because I said it looked like her fault. She called the cops and one arrived. She filed a police report and left. Maybe half an hour later the cop returned with my moms cars missing side skirt the cop found it laying next to the pole. My mom was lucky that she didnt get nailed with a DUI. The only reason they couldnt give her one is because they couldnt prove that she was the one who did it...So after this incident I told my mom no more alcohol in the house. I was fucking furious with her. I told her that she needed to see a doctor because this wasnt normal. After weeks and weeks of me badgering her she finally went. She came back and gave me this half assed answer saying "the doctor told me it's my anxiety medicine and that I should only take half a pill" (she takes like 20 fucking pills a day that she claims are mostly vitamins). But that didnt resolve fucking anything did it? Because here I am typing this shit out after snooping through her room and finding sample alcohol bottles and boxes of wine hidden in her dresser (yes believe it or not this is enough to make her drunk. She didnt see the robot vaccum on the floor and kicked it down the steps she was also slurring her words a bit so I knew something was up...So now what the fuck am I supposed to do? Shell fucking kill herself when I eventually move out. Not to mention that shes drunk every fucking weekend and I'm tired if dealing with it. I dont know where else to turn I've exhausted all of the options I saw available. I've tried being nice I've tried being mean and shes even drivin into a fucking pole and STILL needs to drink. My dad literally died from drinking too much. How the fuck can you be this dumb? How can you be this fucking blind? I understand addiction is powerful but I've given her every opportunity to better herself. I'd like to think I've even saved her or someone elses life some night by blocking her car with mine. I'm at a loss. I dont know what the fuck I'm supposed to do with a mother that cant even take care of herself at 57...Tldr; mom is a closet drinker only takes a very small amount of alcohol to make her drunk. She drove into a pole cops came and couldnt charge her with a DUI. Went to a doctor got a half ass answer. Still continues to drink...
----------immediate responses--------

Alcoholics Anonymous is for alcoholics who want to stop drinking. You are looking for AlAnon which is a program for people affected by someone else's drinking...This might also help you https://www.al-anon-sc.org/the-family-disease-of-alcoholism.html
I'm sorry you are going through this OP and thank you for sharing your story. As a recovering alcoholic I follow r/AlAnon to remind myself of how badly my actions can be when I do drink. I hope your mother can find the help she needs and she is very lucky to have you and your concern. But I hope you will put your own care first. This is a difficult thing for you to have lived with it's not right for a child to have to parent their parent. 
You can't fix her. Try some Alanon meetings. You need and deserve support for yourself. This situation sounds overwhelming. ..What medicine does she take? ..She is medicating with alcohol. Forget the pills!
If the medication is for anxiety there's a strong chance it's benzodiazepines. Combined with alcohol (even a moderate amount) they can produce symptoms like OP described - unfortunately I know from personal experience. At 20 pills a day that's a serious drug habit on top of alcohol use disorder and trying to quit both suddenly can be fatal. A scary situation! Whatever happens I urge you to not let her quit without medical supervision. ..OP I'm so sorry you have to deal with this. Alcohol and drug abuse can wreak havoc on families - but there's still room for hope. For my part I hope you can find some support and guidance from AlAnon and I also hope that your mother gets the help she needs. Keeping you in my thoughts. 
Go to Al-anon or aa meetings (out of self respect. you came here for help now you got it..) 90 meetings in 90 days.  that is what the program recommends. im over a year sober because of it. I also lost ppl to the disease who refused to get help. again Al-anon.  and therapy. ..youtube AA joe and charlie doctors opinion on youtube. Let us know how it goes.
