-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aiis4j/i_need_some_sponsoring_advice/

So it seems like alot of my sponsee's just don't want to do their work. Which I get is normal but how do I deal with this? I usually tell them that I will not get together with them until they've done their work. I was supposed to meet with a sponsee last week but when I asked her of she'd finished her work she said no so I said do it ASAP and we will not get together until it's done. She asked for a ride to a meeting tonight and we went together and after I asked her of she'd done her work and again she said no. I told her she needs to do it by tomorrow so we can get together. she relapsed again and I need to get her through the steps. She rudely said "pssh I'll try..." I don't want to have a holier than thou attitude and I don't want to be the sponsor that I mean to their sponsee's but I cant do what a sponsor does when they don't do the work. How do y'all deal with your sponsee's? What about the ones that don't call? I usually try not to chase after them but should I be asking them daily why I haven't heard from them? This stuff is hard.
----------immediate responses--------

Perhaps try to meet with some that haven't done the work to see where they are struggling.  I know if I had the choice to not meet because I didn't do my homework I would continue to not do it. Either out of fear or because I wasn't ready. If I were able to get honest about it with my sponsor it might become easier.  I also understand the time commitment on your end and if the expectation or suggestion is not followed it may be a waste of time. ..If they don't want to do the work after that then time to move on.  It doesn't mean that you are a failure as a sponsor if some don't participate.  It's on them. Better to be available for those who want it. I've had a sponsee ghost me and for now he's doing okay. But I don't chase him down.  I make myself available to others. .....
I let them come to me mostly. It isn't our job to be a therapist or parent or buddy. If they aren't ready they aren't ready...I usually don't ask why I haven't heard from my sponsees. I assume it means they don't want to talk to me. ..I don't "need to get anyone through the steps". That isn't my role. I will guide and help but when I start caring more about a sponsee's recovery than they do I try to take a step back. ..
Don't chase them. You're not helping by just co-signing their bs. You could be spending your time helping someone who wants it and your time is valuable. Let them go maybe they're not ready. If someone is willing to truly go to any lengths they'll take suggestions and do the simple work the program lays out. It's hard to tell someone but I've done it before - just basically hey if you're not willing to do this I need to help someone else. And when you're ready call me. 
You should chat with your sponsor about this...Al-Anon has some good advice  ..The 3 C's..We didn't cause it   it is not our fault that the other person drinks it is their private battle.We can't control it   we have no power over the other person's desire to drink.We can't cure it   it is an illness that cannot be cured through any known medical remedies
What I've done with one who's struggling with her 4th step is offer to work on something while she's working on that during our regular meeting time. Planning on hearing her 5th step next week! ..I also took this approach with another woman who flat out refused to do anything even that.  She doesn't call or text me and I've just had to let that go - she's not my responsibility to force to do the work.  
I find it helpful to set some expectations with people I sponsor before we start and make sure they are ready to work the program before I agree to sponsor them...Are they willing to go to any lengths?..If not I'm certainly willing to talk to them and offer them fellowship but I'm not going to sponsor them and take them through the steps because they aren't ready yet. ..In terms of expectations early on we have a discussion around openness honesty and willingness...Here's what the big book says .. We find it a waste of time to keep chasing a man who cannot or will not work with you. If you leave such a person alone he may soon become convinced that he cannot recover by himself. To spend too much time on any one situation is to deny some other alcoholic an opportunity to live and be happy. One of our Fellowship failed entirely with his first half dozen prospects. He often says that if he had continued to work on them he might have deprived many others who have since recovered of their chance ..But my main comment is that when I have a challenge with sponsorship I ask my sponsor.
Totally agree with the Big Book quote. Why waste time on someone who isn't willing to go to any lengths and deny someone who is the opportunity to recover. ..
They aren't ready is always my conclusion. I sympathize with them because for many years I wasn't ready either. But that doesn't  mean I'll waste time on them.
You can control one person. Thats yourself.  If they want what you have they will come and get it. Dont chase. Perhaps Just be an available resource until they are ready. It will be hard because I think that you want what is best for others and that is admirable. Keep up the good life. Thanks for letting me share.
Every once in a while I run into an any-lengths-goer-toer but they are rare birds seldom seen in nature. Most nukes drag themselves along doing as little as they believe (in error) they can get away with. Some of them catch fire after their 5th most pay the price for underestimating their condition. ..I stay available never fire a sponsee and give my attention to the ones in front of me. Nice when they do the stuff that works well too bad that most don't. They get what their hands call for...I don't count the number of people I'm sponsoring or ever call them. Seems to work best to treat them like adults and not my wayward kiddies.
We carry the message not the alcoholic. . .I'm interested in knowing what "work" they are not doing?. .I sponsor lots of people and I don't ever try to assign work or projects or attempt to run their lives in any way.. .As a AA sponsor I simply help people with the AA program. I tell them right off the bat that I'm not a councillor therapist or life coach I'm a AA sponsor and that means I'll help you with the AA program. The AA program will then help them with everything else that's how this works. ..I ask them so if you want me to be your sponsor I assume that's because you want to do the steps. Yes has always been the answer. .So I tell them to read the book and call me to discuss what they learned. I help them relate and understand the program. .If they don't call me or read the big book I ask them what do you need me for if you're not interested in the program?.They either get busy on the program or I tell them it's not a good fit. I have other people I can help who want to stay sober like the big book says to do.  .  . I won't co sign their bullshit lots of people want a sponsor to appease others because they feel they have to get one. . .If the sponsee isn't interested in the program then they don't need a sponsor. At least not the AA definition of a sponsor.. .So what work have you assigned and they aren't doing? 
only help ppl who desperately want it. rules must be put in place...&amp;#x200B;
let that person go they sound like a snob.  help someone who wants it. not just to keep yourself sober 
