-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aiiz43/new_to_here_again/

I'm sitting here craving a drink (crying all the while because I feel like a failure but later on that.) And honestly I'm having a hard time. I'm going on six months sober this time I relapsed in June and not proud of it. The last month has been hard on me. I lost my license I'm on the edge of losing my car my husband hates me and top it off my financial aide has been denied because of the government shutdown. I'm proud I haven't relapsed yet but honestly I'm having a hard time. I keep telling myself that I won't drink in the next thirty minutes. It's helping to cut it down into small sections tonight. I'd never thought I'd be stuck at McDonald's but here I am. 
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos for six months! ..Hi. I'm sorry you are struggling. I don't blame you for feeling sad and overwhelmed but drinking is just going to make you feel worse about yourself. ..Have you been going to meetings? I cried through my share. I also broke time down into minutes like you are doing. Whatever works. ..McDonald's ice cream might help. ..
You will get through this. Take a little action.
Your absolutely right.  If a day at a time is hard then go even smaller. I recently relapsed too after 7.5 years.  DM me if you need someone to talk to
Nice you haven't drank yet. What's your level of involvement with your recovery? Tell me about your weekly commitment meetings what your sponsor is like what extra service work you do which step you are on and how many newcomers hands you shake after meetings...If you're light on that stuff then recognize that how things are for you now is the result of being light on that stuff. You can make the needed adjustments but no one else can for you.
aa and therapy. when is your first session scheduled? 
thats 100% addiction.  go to AA 90 meetings in 90 days and respect yourself enough to accept help and start doing the recovery work.  if you dont take the action steps you wont recover....its that simple.  tough love for ya. 
