-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ain1m9/how_do_i_face_my_exbest_friend_in_the_rooms/

I live in a pretty small area and don't drive. The only meetings I can get to on my own are attended by by ex-best friend. My home group is the group that she introduced me to and most of my AA friends are also friends with her. ..The 'breakup' was a bit messy though it was 100% because of me. I was freakishly clingy and codependent. I relapsed when our friendship started to fall apart and the fact that I relapsed over our friendship becoming rocky was the final straw for her. I don't know if she blames herself at all but I know now that it wasn't her fault at all. ..Now I think I want to get sober again and I'm starting to go back to meetings. I have no choice but to face her but the last time I accidentally ended up at a meeting with her I had a total mental breakdown and drank for another month before I considered going back. ..I know that I need to grow up and get over myself. I just dont know how to stop crying whenever I see her or think about her too much. I really care about her and the fact that our friendship is over is heartbreaking. I suck at dealing with my emotions but I can't avoid her anymore. ..I don't have a sponsor right now (I'm having trouble trusting myself with this whole codependency thing) so I would love some advice. Thank you
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered seeing a therapist? They might be able to work with you both on your sobriety and on the codependency.
Maybe you've both changed enough that it won't be a big deal.  And if you have to face it they you have to face it.  Trust that it will go as well as it can don't hold onto anger or resentment and hope she does the same.
I would suggest string a sponsor as a priority.  Someone you can lay out the whole story and get proper direction.  I had a very similar experience except I didn't drink over it.  Had a falling out with my best friend in aa and it sucked pretty bad.  My sponsor told me I nee to learn to not let this get in the way of my sobriety.  I couldn't let someone or something stop me from going to a certain place or meeting just because they were there.  I used to feel rushed when things went wrong with people like I had to fix it right now.  That's not always best a lot of times time is better.  And one day maybe you can talk to that person and work things out that person may be good friends with you for a lot of years to come.  Focus on yourself first all that other shit will work out in the end if you focus on you.
Overcome your fears and get a sponsor. A good one won't allow you to be codependent (we accept nothing from new people). ..At 8 years my former best friend showed up I was friendly and welcoming. He put a year together and then faded off as do most nukes. You don't want to fade off and go back to the misery you left. Find a way to stay.
I'd get a sponsor right away. Sounds like an amends is in order that is step 9. Be sure to do steps 1-8 before 9. 
avoid her in meetings for 60 days...go into a meeting...then get out right when its over and go home.  your there for the msg.  not to mingle.  we get too comfy in AA.  sit away from her until you feel better...&amp;#x200B;..take care of you first. i did this when i saw ppl i didnt like in the rooms and it changed my life. ..Then eventually i went out of my way to a new meeting...it allowed me to focus on my own healing/happiness/recovery.   also get therapy read 12 steps for codependency. and try al anon for codependency hope that helps.
Seeing a therapist for this issue is my best suggestion. 
