-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/akt31v/can_aa_members_be_friends/

My fianc e has expressed concern that my having found people in different meetings whom I really like &amp; would actually want to be friends with eventually is bad. He's afraid that making friends in AA would lead to a relapse because "alcoholics can talk each other into bad decisions." ..Aside from being hurt he thinks I'm such a pushover even though I've never once stayed in a toxic friendship or been a follower what do you guys think? Can you eventually find friends in AA?..I'm defining friends here as people you'd get coffee with or meet up with socially only if they consented to such contact. Not talking about hookups dating or anything other than platonic socializing. And obviously I would wait until I'm established in the group before trying to make friends. I'm going there for my recovery not for relationships but I see no reason why members couldn't be friends eventually.
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely AA members can be friends. In my experience they talk each other out of bad situations/ decisions. An alcoholic is uniquely qualified to spot a slip/ relapse in the works and call you out on it. I suspect your SO is feeling a little threatened by AA &amp; your new circle of friends which isn't unusual. Perhaps he should check out an Alanon meeting. 
Most people end up being friends with people they meet in AA. Fellowship is a major part of our program and that naturally extends outside the rooms for a lot of us. Lots of people come to 12-step recovery with very few healthy social connections because our disease tends to wreak havoc on them. Friends who are also in recovery often replace  friends  with whom we had nothing in common other than drugs and alcohol. ..If your program is strong why would someone else's relapse cause you to relapse? I'm not aware of any evidence that friendships between members of mutual aid recovery groups put each other's sobriety at risk. Is this just something your partner made up or does he actually have some knowledge in this area? 
Sober friends are exactly  what you need.  He needs to support  youperiod. I would be were I am without them.
Your husband has it backwards.  Friends in AA will help you stay sober.
Almost all my friends are people from AA. I've found the opposite of what your partner seems to expect - they've talked me OUT of bad decisions not into them! 
Almost all of my friends (besties not just getting coffee after a meeting) are in the program. Surrounding myself with people who "get it" has saved my life. .It seems like your boyfriend is threatened /jealous and that worries me for you. Please encourage him to check out more al-anon meetings. They are all different and it would be really good for both of you. 
Nonsense.  I have attended AA meetings as a  member  for over 15 years.   I have known many AA's who seem to have only AA friends.  Others seem to have a mix.  Others I have no idea...My best friend is an AA guy with 36 years.  We share a lot because we are a lot alike.  We volunteer at an animal shelter together and enjoy being together but we both have many other friends.  His friends tend to be AA's mine are not...I have never experienced an AA doing some hijinks to cause another AA to drink.  Do what you feel is  right  about all things - the Steps teach us how to live...
Of course! I have been in AA for over 35 years now and I would say that the VAST majority of the people I consider friends are also long term AA...We have done traveling Golf Outings been in each others weddings everything.
I honestly don't think it is possible to get well without the support of friends in meetings. .There is a saying that we need to change our people places and things. If we keep hanging around with our drinking friends we will get drunk. 
Yeah I hang out with people from the rooms a lot. Some of them are friends for real some of them I'm not all that fond of and most of them we talk about our sobriety around. I HAVE seen newcomers talk other newcomers out of the rooms and into a drink together but rarely. Stick with the winners the people with significant sobriety. Be friends with other newcomers but sure as hell don't go to them when you have a problem or need advice. Many of my best friends in the program are people who came in during similar times to when I did but who I rarely if ever talk to about my personal struggles or my personal life in general. I stick to my sponsor and other mentor type figures I have collected.
Ya he's wrong 
I've met some amazing friends in the program I would totally be friends with outside this is just how we met. They do help with my recovery but usually we hang out and rarely talk AA.
I'll say yes with a caveat. A lot of people get sent into AA due to the courts and have every intention on getting fucked up after they get off probation. If you're serious be careful with those people. There are also shitheads that will show up drunk and deny it be careful of them too.
sounds like hes projecting his experience onto you...go with ur gut do what makes u happy. u deserve it
Oh yes! Who doesn't want sober friends when you are trying to be sober!.Organize fellowship after a meeting and invite folks along go get coffee.  I enjoy that especially after Women's Meetings- we are LOUD! But it is fun and it makes me feel better.
