-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/amj9mn/what_happens_if_you_relapse_in_aa_if_you_try/

I feel like I have slipped with everything I've tried. And feel like I am about to relapse again.  Anyone relapse while in AA?  Does it take some people longer to get it?
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there - so I can't answer your question from an A.A. perspective really I'm only 40something days in but I have heard and read a lot of people talk about picking up multiple white chips I'm pretty sure you won't be shunned and excommunicated - that being said try and hang on friend! Do you have numbers of other people in A.A. or a sponsor? I'm not crazy about the sponsor thing I have one that I just kinda fell into... I'm going with it even though I'm not sold on it though and I know that I could text or call one of the numbers I have if I were feeling really tempted. Do you have anyone to reach out to?..I've been feeling a little  tempted  the last couple of days or at least the thoughts have been popping into my head if not a full flown desire. You're not alone!
There are a number of different ways to answer this none of which are wrong:..Redouble your efforts with AA. Make sure you have a sponsor and are doing step work and that you are involved with people in the program...Perhaps you might want to try doctors therapists counselors etc along with AA...Many people with years of sobriety had a few relapses. Not saying relapses are good or acceptable only that relapses don't mean you are never going to make it...You can go to a meeting or make phone calls when your feeling most vulnerable. That's how most people made it through early sobriety...Some people need things like sober living situations or treatment. That's a thing to talk about with sponsor or professionals who know your situation.
Doesn't go away with time goes away with working the steps/big book. .  .I relapsed 20 or more times over ten years before I finally got sober. . .Meetings talking with sponsors councillors and hanging out with sober people isn't the solution to alcoholism. .In the big book the chapter "there is a solution" is the solution.... A solution as in singular.   .   .AA offers A single solution.  .It's in the big book.  .  ..   ..   .
Do you have a sponsor? If you don't then your technically not working the AA program. If you do then you need to be on the phone with this sponsor asap and meeting for coffee...You can be sober it's a choice.  Don't drink tonight get to another meeting as quickly as you can.
I got tired of slipping and realized my way wasn't working. I started the program of Alcoholics Anonymous by getting a sponsor and working the steps; it's working great. .Do you have a sponsor or are you still doing it your way?
for me I go back to my home group and tell them- usually at the end I get pulled aside from members and they say "lets talk about it"..They know I struggle and don't judge me.
As my sponsor would say  relapse is not a requirement  but if it happens keep going to meetings. Just reading your post tells me you need to get ur ass to a meeting. So get to one RIGHT NOW. Stay strong my friend and whatever you do don't pick up a drink   
I've been in and out of AA since 2014. I've relapsed almost 50 times since then. I've learned quite a few things during this time. First: if/when you slip you come right back. You'll raise your hand for 30 days but beyond that you wont be ostracized or made fun of. People in aa get the struggle. Second is when you come back you get back into the program. You get a sponsor. You start your step work. Cause if you're on the outside looking in you'll go out again. Finally realize that this isnt the end of the world. You can do this. Just get a meeting and dont drink today. I believe in you.  
I relapsed so many times over the course of 11 years I couldn't count. No one ever judged me - no matter how frustrated they got with me or disappointed when I introduced myself yet again. No matter what the people in AA were there to welcome me back and help me keep moving forward. In my case my relapses got worse and the big one finally came in June of 2015. I knew if I didn't quit for good I'd end up in prison or as casket so I finally stopped fighting the program and dug in and did what they told me. My 5th and 9th steps were the turning point - there is something genuinely curative about the process and I felt like a new man. I'm now sober for almost 4 years - the longest I've ever had since I started using at 14 (I'm 54 now). Good luck my friend.
Posting here when a drink looks like a good idea isn't the same as calling and talking it out with a member. Consider doing that not this.
There is a great article written by Dr. Silkworth in an early AA GRAPEVINE http://silkworth.net/pages/silkworth/slipshumannature.php ..Contrary to popular folklore slips aren't required in recovery or a necessary part of the recovery process. 
