-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/an43by/college_is_hard/

Hi guys I didn't know where else to go for this but I've acknowledged that I need help/guidance. ..The speedrun is that I'm a junior in college my freshman and particularly sophomore year got out of hand pretty quickly when I entered the party scene and fall of 2017 I found myself having 20-30 drinks a week for about one semester straight. It's dangerously easy to get alcohol when all my friends had fakes. ..Over summer I swore off alcohol for six months and I successfully did that. I drank for the first time on Jan 25 and hardly remember a thing. Quick math in the morning testified to 16 drinks over four hours. It felt like a total relapse. I feel like I'm just better off factoring it completely out of my life if I cant stop once I start. ..I turn 21 this weekend and I'm worried about the accessibility and the pressure of drinking on "Big 21." I'm tired of losing control. My friends and I are going to a concert rather than a bar but drinks will be free there. Any advice to a guy who's wicked anxious about this part of his life? ..Thanks I didn't know who else I could ask. ..TL;DR: Drinking problem at 19 turning 21 this weekend. Advice would be appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

Alcoholism is progressive. Over time if you are alcoholic it gets worse. Can you stop after one drink or do you keep going till there is no more? Go to an AA meeting and you will be OK. Just don't drink today  and get to a meeting. Life without alcohol is better than life with alcohol for me. 
If you want to stop drinking and find you can't do it on your own AA has a way. .I took the approach taken by lots of people; 90 meetings in 90 days getting a sponsor and working the steps.  It's working great!
I have a similar feeling that just giving up booze is a lot easier than moderating it because I have tried that and it simply does not work. I'm a little over 5 months sober and just turned 21 on Saturday so I feel you man and to be honest just the thought of being able to easily buy my own booze as I please has really messed with my head these past few days. But I have continued to power through and remain sober because I know how my drinking goes for me I'll drink way too much black out and then do/say something that i regret. For me the biggest thing that has been key to remaining sober is letting people know that you're doing it. The more good friends that know you're sober the more accountability you have built in around you. I say good friends because so people especially at this age will try to convince you that you're too young to have a drinking problem and the like. These are problem that you do not need around. Anyways man happy early birthday it sounds like you're making a good decision so keep going with it. 
I turned 21 at 6 months sober. It was a lot easier having the love and support of AA. I celebrated my 21st in a bar. It was half a celebration of my bday and a bachelor party (this was the weekend of my first wedding too). I had to be occupied not just sitting around drinks. I played games in the bar always had a soda with me and I must say I had a blast. Not being hungover was great too. It can be done one moment at a time and maybe consider having an escape plan if you're uncomfortable. 
You can see if there are AA meetings on or near your campus.  I am in Wisconsin and there are AA meetings held on most of the UW system campuses.
I'm in college too! Wow I honestly relate to this post. I don't have a lot of advice because I'm early on in my recovery but thanks it was a nice reminder I'm not alone. 
