-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/anjjeg/god_as_i_understand/

Does anyone else struggle with consistently believing in god/ higher power? I believe that there is something out there that's greater then me  things that just happen when I'm like oh this is god. Then there are times of doubt .... It can't be real but I want to believe. Just curious if anyone else goes back and forth with it
----------immediate responses--------

We claim spiritual progress rather than spiritual perfection. I don't doubt so much as forget. I'll remember all the times God  screwed me over  persay but I easily brush off all the times God had my back. But I'm getting there one day at a time :) ..I love your username btw! Lol! 
ALL the time. Yep. 
I believe in god. Not a god of any organized religion or book written by human beings. A power greater than myself not invented by people or meant to demand anything of me other than the understanding that I'm not god. ..The god of my understanding doesn't demand prayers or repeating words in any specific order at certain times or on certain days. All god expects of me is regular conversation to improve my conscience contact with my spirituality. Also to me god doesn't have a gender. Why would god need a gender? ..That works for me. 
I struggle with this too.  I feel like I've come to a conclusion that the higher power is the entity that illuminates our consciousness and when consulted properly helps steer us toward humanistic and behaviors that help raise the condition of all humanity.  That voice that answers in truths that sometimes we don't see or that clash with our culture or worldview.  Empathy as an embodied being.  Altruism or egalitarianism as a doctrine.  I know I probably don't make sense it's the only thing keeping me from atheism...I hope you find your higher power and that it helps you in a journey that uplifts you.
Yeah I think it's totally normal. But I don't know it seems like if I just keep living my life AS IF I believe in an HP I start believing again and on and on.
I suppos my question would be: why do you want/need to believe?
I've been in this cycle for almost two years now -- no it's not just you. I feel that part of the 'trap' we fall into is that word in your title the "as I understand" part... First being in the program again I have a fresh lease and understanding on the idea that what I know and believe is pretty irrelevant and often wrong. Many of my assumed beliefs have only brought me back to causing harm drinking and drugging. How can I now be expected to turn my self-will over to something which derives from that same source of 'understanding'?..Second 'understanding God' itself -- I mean how? We're talking about a being which is far beyond comprehension who has the ability to direct machinations which are entirely outside of our control. Yet that being is still presumably present in all things while also evading any objective means of measurement or confirmation. How?..The analogy I go to is one of cells specifically in biology. Somehow my body comprised of trillions of small organic bits comes together to form my being. My being can drive a car interpret artistic works seek social interaction and millions of other things that my individual cells otherwise cannot on their own. If I were to task one of my cells with compiling my taxes roadblocks would immediately present themselves. I'm communicating to it in a language it doesn't understand -- in fact the very concept of language is alien to it. I am asking it to 'hold' a 'pen' in its 'hand' -- what does any of that mean to a cell? Working as part of a biological machine however it does to a degree achieve this goal. If all of my cells had individual self-will the results would instead be cancerous...I can only presume a higher power works in a similar fashion. We can't (and I don't believe we should) come to 'understand' God or a higher power because it is beyond human understanding. It functions in ways which we do not and does things we cannot. But acting on faith that whatever it is which happens around us is part of a purpose and a plan learning to accept that plan as we encounter it is the best way to align ourselves with the cosmic floor supervisor that oversees us all...These are the musings of one (recently sober) alcoholic mind you but I came to this non-understanding through conversation with many people. This at least for now is enough for me to work...I don't wait on a spiritual experience to suddenly spark this conscious contact that the Book speaks of. I instead commit spiritual acts (prayer meditation pausing for guidance) and the rest should follow. I still pray even when I doubt but that persistence and consistency is certainly key...The program says 'as we understand' to give wiggle room to the religiously devout but we shouldn't really kid ourselves. It's 'God' (capital 'G' singular) as we understand 'Him' (masculine) so it's undoubtedly an Abrahamic concept which they present us. Nonetheless you are free to eschew any of the gods the God or any other higher power as presented by either people or faiths. You conception or understanding can only come with repeated contact and that contact does not ask that you understand before speaking. Sometimes having no answer at all is what brings us closer after all -- certainly true of the program as a whole for me.
I just don't even think about it anymore. I pray to something I can't possibly ever fully understand and pray for guidance to do Gods will whatever that may be. I do this without question because the alternative is to die an alcoholic death. The result is that I end up feeling ok with myself and feel useful to others. Two things I never felt before.
I always thought Zeus was kind of cool
I do not believe in god in any fashion. I do however consider myself a student of Buddhism which gives my life some spiritual direction and open-mindedness. Then again I find more to support my sobriety in Buddhism than I do in the sometimes too-dogmatic fervor of AA. Could just be my local community though that rubs me the wrong way.
I don't struggle because I've never connected to the idea of a personal God that's somehow in charge and purposeful and looking out for each and every human. I suppose it could be that that's how the world fits together but if it is I don't have access to whatever it is that people seem to feel when they talk about it. ..It could be there like a radio frequency that I can't tune to you know? Or it could be that there's some quirk in some people's brains that makes it all seem real to them sort of the way some people taste soap when they eat cilantro and the rest of us taste good flavor...Either way I don't care. My sense of what's right and fair is more than enough to keep me doing what I need to do and if there's a good person/bad person difference (in the program or in general life) between atheists and pious folks I can't detect it.
My higher power is a doorknob. Because it helps me open up new doors. 
I believe in gravity and physic. Those are pretty powerful
After almost 25 years of sobriety I occasionally find myself trying to fix things that I should turn over to my higher power. 
I just recall that if I had been able to quit I would have. It wasn't until I came into this program and surrendered to a higher force that I was able to stop. My higher power is the reason I am sober today. Not me. All I did was let go.
A Creator created me to create .... Intelligent design is obvious...  
This probably won't help you but it clearly describes it for me. It's impossible to know god. But you have to know him to know that.   
I prefer  God as I experience him . Any God that's small enough for me to understand isn't big enough to solve all my problems.
At this point I find my higher power which is really just a sense of my spiritual connectedness in my powerlessness and complete lack of control. I don't really know how to explain it other than that but it has been working for me after a long time of going back and forth...Many many people in recovery struggle with the concept of a higher power. You're certainly not alone.
I don't think I have a solid grasp of the ultimate nature of the universe or what intentions the universe has. I'm very skeptical of other people who believe they know...Sometimes I feel like I know what I'm supposed to be doing. When I feel purpose some might even say guidance it tends to be a helpful thing with sobriety and living my life...I don't have a particular set belief system but I am opportunistically taking advantage of situations that make me feel their is meaning and purpose. My spirituality is on a gut level not an intellectual construct. I trust it but can't define it very well. When I talk to God I assume my understanding of his nature is piss poor but that doesn't preclude that we could have a being to being moment of rapport.
I'm a pretty devout atheist. Not because of any animosity or ill will towards religion -- belief just never clicked despite an appreciation of and interest in religion. I can tell you though that struggling with one's faith in the existence of (a) God is extremely common and not unique to the rooms. I'd say it's just a feature of deistic spirituality itself; at times you struggle with it. I will assume you'll in the end find the answers you are looking for and your belief will be stronger as a result of this time...&amp;#x200B;..But to bring it back to the program I would tell you that in my experience just knowing there is a higher power can be enough. Like I said I am an atheist so I don't believe in a God. It's almost mathematical for me. Do I believe I am the highest power? No I don't therefore there has to be a power higher than me or everything is as powerful as me. And I *know* there are things more powerful than me since alcohol kicked the shit out of me and I highly doubt alcohol is **the most** powerful thing out there...&amp;#x200B;..When I first joined the program a friend told me you can bend the steps a little bit -- some more than others. I think largely what he meant was that it did not have to be a thoroughly Christian recovery. And I also think he meant that some steps can be more meaningful than others to you. I have met people in the rooms who stay sober by the Grace of God. They get a lot of joy and strength from their religion and it helps keep them sober. I've been sober for 9 months which I am proud of because it's the longest I've been sober in over ten years  but I also know people who are atheists who have been sober for years and years and are in the program. I think for some of them the steps that are focussed on amends and improvement are more important than steps 2 and 3...&amp;#x200B;..But maybe the program you are working depends highly on steps 2 and 3...&amp;#x200B;..Maybe by the logic I mentioned that made me work step 2 and 3 you can set aside the question of if there is a God or not for now while it comes to you. There are three common non-deistic higher powers you hear mentioned a lot: Group of drunks Great outdoors Good orderly direction. All of these can be abbreviate to God. I'm not sure if any of them are compelling to you. Group of drunks mean the fellowship of AA will grant you sobriety if you put your trust in it. Good orderly direction (as I understand it) means the good advice and guidance of your sponsor and others who have maintained sobriety -- believing that they know what they are talking about. Great outdoors is pretty explanatory -- knowing just how big the world is and how small you are in the grand scheme of things (but you can also find wonder in the beauty of the world). I'm not knocking religion but if you feel like you really \*need\* a higher power right now but just don't have clarity in your faith I hope maybe one of these might help as a temporary (or permanent) one in the mean time. ..&amp;#x200B;..I hope this helps.
The lesson is learning how to let go and understanding that you are not in control. By believing in something greater you are able to loosen your grip and stop trying to control everything in your life. 
I have followed Theravada Buddhism for many years - always learning more.  After Gautama became enlightened he traveled to teach. One day after teaching a man asked him  are you God?   Gautama replied  no .  The man then asked  are you an angel ?   Gautama replied  no .   The man then asked  so what are you?   Gautama replied  awake ...Gautama was(is) often referred to as  Lord Buddha .  The reason for this is that Gautama (the first Buddha) was born into a royal family as what today would be a prince.   All of his efforts were directed at finding and eliminating the causes of stress that make humans suffer.  He basically narrowed it down to  clinging  and  craving .  His definition of clinging is  fear of losing something that you possess  and craving as  fear of not getting something that you feel you deserve .   That's it in a nutshell.  The rest of the Dharma (books/teaching) is about how to rid ourselves of clinging and craving...Have a look at the AA 12x12 page 76.  (Or As Bill Sees It pg 22).   It says EXACTLY what Gautama told us 2500 years ago - us humans have trouble listening.    If you believe in an  order of things  and the general goodness of Earth then you might look into this.  Nothing Gautama ever taught conflicts in any way with and religion I know of (remember that Buddhism is a philosophy and not a religion).   Since 500BC the teachings originated by Gautama have benefitted about 5 billion humans.  I am grateful that I am one of them.. 
