-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/anz1m7/sponsee_brother_went_back_out/

Hi everyone. Last week my sponsee brother relapsed. We were both working steps and were around the same place in our 4th step when he drank again. He's tried texting me (while drunk) about the program not being ready to quit but also wanting to come back. I'm only 3 months sober and haven't been in this situation before. My sponsor has given me advice to offer help if he's truly serious but to also not let his relapse stand in the way of my progress...Can anyone who has been in this position before share how they handled it? I feel for the guy and want to be of help however I can but I also know how strong the delusion is and want to protect my own sobriety. Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

I call them every few days in the morning thinking there's less chance they'll be hammered. I just let them know I care and that the door is still open when they're ready. 
Please don't work step 12 before you finished the first 11 that lead to your spiritual awakening and never meet with him without another AA who has more experience in twelfth step work. You did not cause his relapse you cannot get him sober. He has to let God do that. I don't talk to alcoholics when under the influence because they are unlikely to remember it. Appreciate just how deadly this disease in and let that renew your efforts to work the steps
Not a sponsee sibling but sponsees. I tell them to call me when they're sober because I truly can't help them when they're active. If they want to make a meeting that's one thing but I can't help them if they aren't open to help...One thing I do though is remember "attraction rather than promotion". If I keep working my program then maybe they'll decide they want something I have. And maybe then they'll be willing to do what it takes...I can only give my experience. I don't want to get in the way of what your sponsor is telling you. However be mindful of what you're doing to help your sponsee brother. If it in any way involves a 12 step call make sure you bring someone with solid sobriety with you. 
Thanks for your input. I'm not doing any work with him just offering support if he's serious about getting sober. My sponsor tried meeting him at a meeting tonight but he got too drunk and bailed so for now I'm just giving it to my higher program and continuing to work my program.
