-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ao979w/my_life_right_now/

Sorry for the wall of text but there's a lot I need to get off my chest...I got a DUI in October and my wife said sober or single. The worst ultimatum. I quit drinking for three months after years of heavy drinking which uncovered a whole host of mental health problems I had been covering up with alcohol. I was worried that she didn't love me anymore and constantly checking in on her and generally driving her away. I quit attending AA on New Years 2019 because I was ashamed that I relapsed and that was the biggest mistake of my life. While I was attending everything was manageable and I was able to overcome the urge to drink and love myself for who I was. In the month of January I have relapsed twice lied to my wife about it and pushed her to the point of leaving me. Two days ago she kicked me out. I have been to the psychiatrist since then and I went to AA last night and plan to go every night until I can handle going less. AA is the only place where I feel like I can relate to other people and I want to say thank you AA for being there when I'm so far away from my family. These last two days have been "I just need to make it to AA and I'll be okay." Thank you for giving me hope AA...
----------immediate responses--------

Keep coming back. You're in the right place.   
I'm glad you're back! Man if I said I got this on my first shot that'd be an ugly lie and I think that's a common story around here. .It takes a level of desperation in order to really surrender to a program that asks us to give our self-will away. That's no easy task for people like us! But I cannot put to words how everything began to change for the first time in my whole life really that final time I finally fully committed to jumping into this program with both feet. .Keep coming back man. Keep listening. Keep doing the deal. The fog will clear.
Wish you well hope you'll dig in and do all the usual stuff. When I did that I didn't have to/want to drink again. 
Glad you're back. Meetings are great but if you want true and permanent recovery take the steps!!!
Welcome back.    ..I decided to commit to 90 meetings in 90 days when I sobered up after many attempts. I ended up doing a meeting a day for almost 2 years! .In the beginning I went because I had to then I went because I wanted to I enjoyed it. .I did a lot more than just attend meetings studying and doing what they did in the big book was my top priority. . .There's 3 sides to the AA triangle doing all 3 at the same time is the key to sobriety. .  .Unity = meetings/fellowship..   .Service = service work for AA helping others etc..    .Recovery = steps from the big book. .  .   .In all the years I've been in AA I've never seen that combination not work. Lots of people come to AA and do whatever they want take what they want leave the rest etc and it rarely works long term. .. Personally I think that's fucking nuts if I knew how to stay sober I wouldn't need AA.  .So I just do the program as it's laid out in the official literature works every time.  .   .Good luck on your journey it's a wild ride... .
I was unemployable and drinking myself to death when my wife kicked me out (2 kids). I was desperate to stop drinking. Went to AA (not for the first time) and for the first time admitted I needed help asked for it and resolved to follow advice. I did not see how I would ever be happy or how I would turn my life around but I still wanted to be sober. ..Working the steps following advice and staying connected has really worked for me. Within the first six months I was working again. Within the year I was back with the family. I was asked to manage the business where I work last year.  Those people have never seen me drink. Most importantly I like myself am healthy happy and productive. ..This stuff really does work if you work it. I put the program and sobriety first and the other stuff fell in line.  
