-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ap9vaw/having_trouble_with_let_go_and_let_god/

I (23f if it matters) been in the rooms for about a year and a half now but am currently at 25 days sober. One thing people in my program always say is  let go and let God  and I'm just having trouble with it. My boyfriend (also an alcoholic) just broke up with me on Friday. I hate my job and I'm always watching the clock waiting to get out. I just am always tense and waiting for something. I want to let go and stop waiting/anticipating for things to happen.  I want to just let things come but I guess I'm just selfish and want what I want now (a loving stable relationship I want my ex back I want a dog I want to move out of my parents house etc.) I just feel like I'm always planning and waiting and never in the moment...Has anyone else struggled with this or something similar in early sobriety?
----------immediate responses--------

To me "let go and let god" is just a trite phrase that doesn't mean much to me. My higher power is not called god anyway. What *does* have an impact for me is a regular practice of steps 1 2 and 3. I'm not very good at them and it took me a long time to really understand them so I keep them at the forefront of my mind and practice turning my will over all the time. It's not automatic for me it's a choice I have to consciously make but it has definitely become easier over time...I spent so long obsessing over things that were not in my control and neglecting the things that were in my control. A genuine admission of my powerlessness over my addiction and my inability to manage my own life brought all of that into perspective and now it's pretty easy for me to accept the things that happen because what other choice is there? Sit around worrying about them? That will lead me to drink and for me to drink is to die...So I guess for me that's what it comes down to... repeated practice of steps 1 2 and 3. 
Yep. I can't trust God because I'm too busy playing God -- too busy trying to control the outcome of every situation in my life...Honestly those things usually come as a result of having our own house be in order. At 25 days of sobriety it's important to focus on getting and staying sober. Do you have a sponsor? A home group? Are you working the steps? Anything you put before your recovery you will lose.
This is one of those things that I can think about until the cows come home but it won't actually happen in my life until I take some action and the actions I need to take are outlined in the Big Book. I'm an atheist so I think about it a little differently but it essentially comes down to accepting life on life's terms and getting out of my own way. I was only able to do that by thoroughly working the steps with my sponsor. ..How are you doing with step work?
I'm not a fan of a lot of AA sayings.  People just took half a sentence from the big book (if it's even from the big book at all) and start using it as a slogan and a cure-all.  It's lazy....AA isn't these slogans.  AA is the solution found in the big book.  The 12 steps....You're new in sobriety again.  My suggestion would be to throw yourself into the work of the 12 steps....What step are you on?
Can I have your job?
What helped me the most was working the steps with a sponsor. Personal growth is necessary since there is more to recovery than simply not drinking. The steps for me provided not only personal growth but I learned more about myself than I ever wanted to know. ..The Serenity Prayer helps me with letting go. It means you change what you can change. What you can't change let go of it. ..&gt; Grant me the Serenity to accept things I cannot change .&gt; .&gt; Courage to change the things I can; and .&gt; .&gt; Wisdom to know the difference. ..FYI: I am an atheist. 
Yep.  It takes time.  Steps 4 and 5 is where it really started getting better for me.  
Yes of course I think we all struggle with it and there is no simple answer it is a gradual learning process change that will happen to us if we are open to it...For myself I found that talking over situations that cause me stress with my sponsor or another AA member relieved the pressure of many of these things until i could learn some new tools and developed the courage to try to use them. Sharing my problems with others really helped but it matter WHO i share with. ..If i share them with other people who like myself are stuck in a negative way of life then they will just give me negative answers that will sound ok but when i act on them they just continue to keep me sick...Let go and let god can be started very simply I have a problem with "bob" I have always had a problem with bob and i have always done the same thing and the problem with bob is never solved. Let go and let god can be as easy as asking your sponsor or another AA: " what do YOU think I should do about bob?" and LISTEN to the answer and try to understand...Let go and let god can start simply by you acknowledging that what you have been doing is not working and starting to look for other solutions. ..You probably are thinking " but HOW are those actions related to let go and let god?"  a good question God works through people my god has never spoken directly to me i have never received direct guidance from my god. It usually comes in the form of something a friend says that just has a "ring" of truth to it it stands out somehow and when i think about it it makes sense and seems like a good course of action and many times it is so simple i wonder why i never thought of it before. When i get one of "these" answers to one of my problems i feel that god is showing me the way.
Read the big book (again if you have already). There is a part that describes us as being the orchestrators of our own lives. And it always ending in chaos. Letting go can be scary. I describe the feeling as jumping off a cliff. It's truly the unknown. Try doing something without thinking about it first. Just do. See what happens.
Hello and good job reaching out ...Well done on your 25 days.  That's a huge accomplishment. ...It took me a long time to really live as that phrase describes.   It's not really helpful to a new comer so don't get hung up on it for now.  ...One day at a time is the only phrase that matters right now.   You'll have all those things you want. You just have to take it a day at a time.  ...Follow the steps.  
Agree with what people are saying.  Often people will say  I'm trying to work Step 3  and what they mean is they're trying to somehow instantly live in  God's Will .  The reality is that  gods will  is already happening regardless of what you want.  They only way to get ourselves in a mindset where we're able to accept that and be happy with it is to work the steps.  That's the  spiritual awakening  they talk about.  You're just waking up to the reality that most shit is out of your control AND that that's actually a good thing.
There is a God and you ain't it! Read the book Drop the Rock. It might help you with the issue of surrender.
The desire to let go and let God is enough to make a start. Keep seeking. 
Here's the thing. AA gives us tools for sober living. The steps slogans meetings literature are all tools to help us. The solution is God. The tools help us develop that personal relationship with a God of our understanding. I came into these rooms an atheist and now have a different understanding of God than I did 33 years ago. I was so calm and collected I often couldn't even sit still in meetings and had to pace in the back of the room! I got better at it. Like any tool they are useless unless used. I listen to my body now and breathe when I find myself too anxious. I found a phone that doesn't way 3000 lbs like the one I had all those years ago. I saw my gratitude list grow longer and my resentment list shrink. It takes practice. This is a program of action. Only that will heal our brains. The addictive brain has been shown to be different than the non addictive brain. Spiritual recovery has been shown to heal that. This is likely the cause of your being restless irritable and discontent  May I suggest you stop wanting the things you think you need to be happy and just choose to be happy? It takes internal work not external changes 
you may want to look into zen buddhism. it teaches that all suffering is caused by desire and you must learn to be content with things as they are and accept reality.
