-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/apala0/sill_managed_to_reach_day_20_today_despite_buying/

Yesterday was day 19 and for the last few I have really been struggling. I met a friend for a late lunch ordered ginger beer but was still craving and struggling more now than in the beginning. We decided to go to my place to play some board games after lunch and I decided to pick up some wine. This was it I had enough days and could do it and was ready to cave...I went in got 2 bottles of my favourite one big red one small white..So much inner conflict on the way to the store while inside and on the way home;. I can still change my mind I won't have to reset my counter...  my counter was the my focus heartbroken by the thought of resetting and throwing all those hard earned days away only to re-earn them all over again? Maybe I wasn't meant to count days...perhaps that was too rigid and strict....I have also been looking forward to telling a few significant people who don't know I have been sober once I passed the 20 day mark. I know they would be surprised and proud of me..I really wasn't looking forward to how surrendering to this drink would make me feel it seemed silly and pointless.  Yay let's regress and be not my best self..  My friend was letting me make my own decisions but seeing him get sillier by the moment was not so tempting..We got home and I made a cup of tea put the wine by the front door. The night was tough knowing it was in the house but I did it. Reaching 20 days this morning was huge and felt great. I will return the wine this afternoon. Another good test :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations. Don't test yourself like that. You're just making it easy to relapse. 
I have reset my counter many timesas long as four months. I am currently on day two. It sucks being chained to an addiction. I wish you the very best. 
 Do you have a sponsor?  What step are you on?  Sounds like your on thin ice. 
This isn't a test it's your disease. It's setting yourself up...I got really squirrelly just before I hit a year. I was with some AAs at the beach. They were out by the water but I was just... off. I wasn't feeling so well mentally having spent a lot of energy worrying about things that don't even matter today. Anyway.....So I went off on my own. It was hot and I wasn't at all dressed for the beach. I was at a meeting and they decided to go. So I decided to go off and find some shade somewhere maybe order an iced tea...I found a restaurant (with a bar of course) and as I'm walking up the staircase I'm internally warring with myself. Telling myself that I need to get my year medallion and that I want to be a white-chip wonder and yadda yadda yadda...But the feeling of impending doom that I felt... There was really nothing like it. That was my disease setting me up...I'm so glad I didn't drink that day and I'm glad you're still sober too...If I hadn't have worked the program as outlined in the first 164 I wouldn't have stood a chance. Thank God I had.
good for you but it doesn't have to be so hard. you need to find a program or method to treat your alcoholism so you can actually recover not just fight the urge to drink all the time. i have beer in my fridge that's been there for i don't know how long untouched. i just don't want it because i've lost the desire to drink. 
I went to my first aa meeting tonight and returned the wine on my way there:)..It was a good meeting pretty stressful for me....Think I made a friend which was lovely and refreshing I will go again next Monday for sure and perhaps another time this week..Thanks so much for the support it really means the world!
