-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/apd8gn/please_help_relapsing_friend/

A very good friend of mine would be been one year sober tomorrow unfortunately he has relapsed (very hard) tonight. I'm really worried about him so i'm going over to his house and am going to stay with him until he sobers up. He always looks to me for advice. He says i'm the only one of his friends that's not a bum. He's going to be very upset tomorrow when he sobers especially because he just landed himself a real job and I doubt he'll be able to make it tomorrow. What should I say to him or advice can I give him? Of course I tell him i'll always be there for him and such but I have never struggled with an addiction like this and I want to give him good meaningful advice. Not a cliche line. If you were one day away from being a year sober and relapsed what would you want someone to say to you?
----------immediate responses--------

If he's in AA he already knows what he needs to do. If he's not the best suggestion would be to suggest that he give AA a try but that's honestly all you can do. If his drinking is affecting you go to AlAnon. AA is for alcoholics; AlAnon is for people affected by someone else's drinking.
You're a good friend to keep an eye on him and making sure he's safe. Like u/h8omb noted he'll know what to do if he's an AA member. I think the best thing you can do is to keep doing what you're already doing: being a good friend comforting him encouraging him and letting him know that he's still a good person. Like you said he's probably going to feel really shitty so being understanding could go a long way to getting him back on track. Don't take it hard on him and try to see he doesn't take it too hard on himself even though it sucks. Slips happen and relapse is a defining characteristic of the disease of addiction. Just because he slipped doesn't mean that he's given up everything he's gained; sometimes we need to take a step back in order to take two steps forward. AA is here whenever he decides to get to a meeting which I hope is soon.
Thank you so much!!
Consider Alanon for yourself. It will help you as alcoholism affects more than just alcoholics . BRW there are no magic words here. If he wNts it well be waiting for him in the rooms. If not there is nothing we can do until he's ready
"Of course I tell him i'll always be there for him and such".  .   .That's actually the worst thing to do. .  .Even by something as basic as always being there for someone that cushions their bottom which enables them to use/drink. . .Post in r/alanon they'll agree  .You can always love him you can always be there when he's sober. But to to say you'll always be there and support him even if drinking drugging and help pick up the pieces of his life after a spree that's not helping him its enabling him..  .  .I know it's fucked but it was once all of my family and friends finally said no we won't always be there that I finally was about to lose the last bit of anything I held dear. Thats when I did the steps and made my sobriety my #1 priority..  .People generally get sober once they are faced with losing something they just can't live without. .Some its their jobs or health. But it's usually when when about to lose a friend or family member they give AA all they got. If my family and friends were there for me everytime I drank/relapsed to pick up the pieces and support me I'd be dead by now. .  .Addiction is a super fucked disease. I'm not saying you're knowingly doing anything wrong I know you love your friend but tough love is usually the only love an addict understands.   .To detach with love is what they teach in alanon ask them this question hopefully some healthy members will help you out. 
I would encourage him that this is a setback but not a failure. The failure will only be true if he doesn't get back up and start doing the deal again. To focus on not falling back into the trap and lies of alcoholism. Reflect on the fact that he is absolutely capable of doing this. Look back on the past year and acknowledge the strength and courage that he has. The past year shows that his record for success is great that he can overcome. That he is lived and worth it.
