-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/apj2wc/who_struggles_with_consistency/

I have a bit of time but my quality is atrocious. I get into the AA routine: meetings prayer meditation etc. then things get better in my life and I stop doing it! That has been the hallmark of my sobriety. I just can't stick to a program until my life turn to shit in sobriety. Anyone experience this??
----------immediate responses--------

I start off each day with quiet time asking for guidance. At the end of the day I spend some time reflecting on the day. I've learned to balance my life not getting obsessed (mostly) on one or two things. I don't go to too many meetings but do speak w other ppl in recovery almost daily &amp; do some stuff on-line. I've developed hobbies I like such as photography cooking and study of AA &amp; other recovery. I find learning about early recovery methods to be fascinating. I also used to travel a lot before retirement. 
My sponsor tells me it's all about discipline and consistency. It's never about motivation. She's coming up on 18 years and her sponsor is 30+. I've learned not to doubt them.   
I overcome inconsistency by remembering that I am either working on recovery or I am working on relapse. There is no middle ground for me. I have to remind myself constantly that not wanting to go or feeling "cured" are red flags. 
I've had this same problem in the past. I once had 6 years of sobriety the last 4 of which I didn't attend meetings or have contact with people in AA. It took a while but I got to lying to myself and feeling "cured." Within the first month back to drinking it was obvious that I wasn't cured but that didn't stop me from trying to prove I was for another 2 years...This time around I've just focused on never spending too much time away. To me too much time means 3-4 days. Anything over that and I have a noticeable turn away from the path I want to be on. I've heard more than one old-timer say "its when you dont want to go to the meeting/pick up the phone/ read the big book that you need to do it the most." I've done my best to take that to heart...I've met lots of people who spent years in the program in the same way that you've described until they finally kind of broke through and consistently worked an involved program. As they say just keep coming back. 
I actually listened to a speaker podcast this morning which helped me a little with this. The speaker emphasised that "spiritual" contains the word "ritual" and he has made all the suggested things a ritual in his life. That's what I've been trying to do: make sure I set time aside to do prayers meditation service and be really strict about it because my tendency is to lose interest and I really can't afford to do that. 
Holy fuck yes.  Each time I've relapsed has been when my life has been going really well.  A big part of it has involved making good money too....I have this delusion that I can drink like other people.  It's always hiding and when life gets good it comes out.  Like a cherry on top of everything I've gotten back....My program and spiritual life are tested far more during the good times.  I get more spiritual pride.  I pray less.  I get this feeling that I've got it all figured out.  I become Holier Than Thou without even realizing it....And it feels gooooood.  It feels good to feel superior.  And to think I've got this whole life thing figured out.  It's seductive and I give in....This time around I'm leaning on ALL of the steps.  I forget that it doesn't end.  I must live this daily.  I must give away what I've gotten.  I must help my fellow alcoholic.  We never finish our steps.  Ever.  I forget that way too easily.
I won't go to bed without praying first. I pray first thing when I get out of bed before I even take any medicine or use the restroom. Because my life does get shittier when I don't. ..Outside of that taking commitments has really helped me. I can't just not show up because people are counting on me. And I benefit so much from doing service work. I probably owe my quality of life to service work because it keeps me on the straight and narrow.
Yeah i mean we are humans and we are allowsd to feel the spectrum of emotions. Including doubt. I can meditate and pray or whatever pick up the phone  help others etc. but its still going to suck sometimes.  At least thats my experience. It doesnt mean you arent working your program  well enough  it just means you are human. I think the important thing is that we try to stick with it. We just try to practice. Thats all we can do
I was inconsistent until I hit my bottom and threatened to lose my family. Not anymore and it's been worth it.
2-4 meetings a week morning meditation and devotions evening inventory. It has taken me 5+ years to develop this routine.  When I keep to my routine great things happen. When I slack off life gets shitty again. Simple program for complicated people.
Finally many of us get damned sick  of the rollercoaster and commit.  Steps 4-5 if done thoroughly help level things out (Ch 3 -  our egos must be smashed ) and seriously committing to service have helped me a lot (it took 15 years of screwing around to take AA seriously)..
I have been there. Something that helped at one point was making a commitment to one particular meeting. Than getting connected with people at that meeting. Than actually calling people and socializing...Just any meeting works for some people not criticizing anyone. For me involvement in AA requires me having my meetings not jut meetings.
