-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/apqq04/i_want_what_you_haveso_i_am_doing_what_you_doeven/

I have 63 days today. For the first 3 weeks I was propelled by a force greater than me. I surrendered and I was blessed to get out of my own way long enough to get help and start my program. It was hell in the beginning. The emotional "detox" almost took me down. I cried constantly. I had suicidal thoughts that I never truly had before. But I needed help so badly that I did what was suggested without much resistance. Meetings sponsor phone list studying journaling praying. I did it all. I do it all still today. ..I feel truly reborn. I am learning and growing every day and I feel amazing. Ironically now however doing what my sponsor says or just what I know I should has become a bigger struggle. ..So I am giving myself major props for yesterday because I earned it. And no one but other alcoholics can understand how proud I feel that I did everything that was suggested for me yesterday.  I met with my sponsor and we started working on the 4th step. I didn't want to go...thought about cancelling. But I went. ..She has been encouraging me to fellowship. I REALLY don't want to do that. Meeting new people  putting myself out there and taking time away from my family are harder than I can express. I prayed to God to take my fear away. I made myself walk in sit down and fellowship.  I felt awkward and out of place at first. By the end I felt I was right where I should be. ..Fellowshipping took place right near a favorite bar of mine. As I was leaving to head to the meeting following fellowship for some crazy reason I started fantasizing about going to that bar instead of the meeting. I felt sorry for myself. I felt like I had "earned" a drink because of my hard work. Lol...damn stinkin thinkin! I prayed to God to keep me sober. I drove past that bar and to my meeting. ..I pulled up to my meeting and sat in the parking lot thinking about how much I didn't need to go to that meeting. I had met with my sponsor. I fellowshipped... wasn't that more than enough? I again prayed to God to keep my sober and I walked into that meeting. ..I am very proud of myself and I made it another 24 hours.  My crazy thinking did not set me back. I was WAY out of my comfort zone...but my comfort zone is in the bottom of a bottle. My comfort zone is ruminating future tripping misery isolation and depression. I can't live there anymore. I am finding a new comfort zone. ..I did all that yesterday. I didnt drink then and I didnt drink today. By the grace of God truly. I am proud of myself and can look back tonight and realize what a gift it is that I did what was suggested and didn't drink yesterday. ..Go me. :-) IWNDWYT. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Go you is right. That's wonderful   
You're really okay. You're more okay than you think you are... You're exactly where you're supposed to be.  ..Telling my sponsor whenever I have those thoughts has helped me remain accountable. It really helps me to be rigorously honest rather than omit things when I check in with her. And then she tells me to get my head out of my ass but that's just me. Lol
I'm so glad you are willing to go to any lengths! When I want something that is not necessarily good for me I say to myself I'm asking the wrong person what I should do. The correct question is what do d God want me to do! Answers become clear quickly that way your resistance now is because you are in less pain pain is a big motivator but only when we are in it. We are quick forgetters 
Awesome! IWNDWYT Congrats on your progress and clearly understanding the changes happening in your life keep it up it get's MUCH better!!!!
Sounds like you're doing the deal!  Thank you. 
I'm on day 38 and wow this really hits home right now. I'm battling complacency (and probably always will be - but it could be worse)...I needed to hear this. Thanks for sharing!
It's always refreshing to read about people who are doing the deal. Keep it up!
Keep doing what you're doing and getting through the steps. It gets even better. There are so many promises still to come true! Congrats on 2 months!   proud of you. 
Recovery gold medal for you  
Thanks for the reminder.    Heard in a meeting 'prepare to be inconvenienced for the rest of your life'.    Not 24/7 obviously but if we're going to change we need to put ourselves in uncomfortable situations.  That's been my experience as I've moved along in AA...
You're never not okay until you give up. Nothing out there you cannot handle as long as you keep your willpower. No one can take that from you but you. Never give up never stop loving yourself never stop moving forward. Time will take care of the rest. 
Especially when you don't want to! The first 2 tries w the program I failed. I didn't truly have the desire to quit for the right reason and I didn't get a sponsor or work the steps. It didn't work. This time however amazing how it works when we work it right! Good on you friend! Glad you're sober today! Thank you!
Keep it up it can be hard to fellowship for a while then usually you'll come to a time you wonder how you did without it.
