-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/apv5sa/new_to_this/

Hello I am a 31 year old female married no children yet. I often struggle with turning to alcohol for an escape. I have a lot of people in my life who depend on me emotionally and I am always there for them. It's the times when everyone is sleeping or doing a night shift that I turn to drink on my own. My husband is a alcoholic and I don't like to drink with him so I can handle any situation properly. I get stressed about other people and their well being. I recently went to my doctor and asked for antidepressants and champax to stop smoking. I'm going to start both this Sunday don't know if anyone can relate or has advice.
----------immediate responses--------

It's not clear what you're asking of this sub
I'm asking if anyone drinks alone also if anyone has gone on antidepressants or champax 
Need someone to talk to who is at this stage
Not sure of your question but your visit to the doctor is something we can all learn from. .  .Chantix is an antidepressant so prescribing Chantix and another antidepressant is overdosing you. .  .You should do some independent research on SSRIs and Chantix. .Chantix was the antidepressant Anthony Bourdain took before he committed suicide.  .I personally know multiple people who have committed suicide after stopping their SSRIs and one friend in the mental hospital being detoxed off SSRIs after a suicide attempt. Now he is off SSRIs he no longer wants to kill himself..  .I would double check your doctors prescription/advice to double up on antidepressants 
The anti depressant is sertraline hydrochloride and the champix is for quitting smoking
I guess I'm just feeling upset about depending on booze and now I'm feeling the need to medicate otherwise to live. There's no question just wanted to talk to people who have gone this route instead of drinking because you should not drink while taking this medication 
I would recommend reading page 20-25 in the Big Book of Alcoholics Anonymous. You can just google if you don't have access to the text.  This is by no means a comprehensive picture of the true alcoholic as our behavior patterns vary. But this description should identify him roughly.  This helped me when I came in because I really didn't want to identify as an alcoholic until I was described to a T in the book. Only you can decide if you're an alcoholic. But the good news is there's a whole new way of life if you decide you want it! 
Good job on seeking out help from a doctor. They are often informed about evidence-based treatment. AA is a cult pure and simple. You sound like you have a drinking problem which can be managed and addressed. Folks in AA will try to convince you that you are more sick than you actually are. Most people who enter the AA cult with a mild problem like yours will emerge from the program much worse off. Please beware. This is especially true if you struggle with some depression. People in AA will exploit that propensity and your life and drinking will probably get worse.
