-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aqbgmr/bill_ws_letter_to_dr_carl_jung/

    This letter of great appreciation has been very long overdue. May I first introduce myself as Bill W. a co-founder of the Society of Alcoholics Anonymous. Though you have surely heard of us I doubt if you are aware that a certain conversation you once had with one of your patients a Mr. Rowland H. back in the early 1930's did play a critical role in the founding of our Fellowship..      Though Rowland H. has long since passed away the recollections of his remarkable experience while under treatment by you has definitely become part of AA history. Our remembrance of Rowland H.'s statements about his experience with you is as follows:.      Having exhausted other means of recovery from his alcoholism it was about 1931 that he became your patient. I believe he remained under your care for perhaps a year. His admiration for you was boundless and he left you with a feeling of much confidence..      To his great consternation he soon relapsed into intoxication. Certain that you were his "court of last resort" he again returned to your care. Then followed the conversation between you that was to become the first link in the chain of events that led to the founding of Alcoholics Anonymous..      My recollection of his account of that conversation is this: First of all you frankly told him of his hopelessness so far as any further medical or psychiatric treatment might be concerned. This candid and humble statement of yours was beyond doubt the first foundation stone upon which our Society has since been built..      Coming from you one he so trusted and admired the impact upon him was immense. When he then asked you if there was any other hope you told him that there might be provided he could become the subject of a spiritual or religious experience - in short a genuine conversion. You pointed out how such an experience if brought about might remotivate him when nothing else could. But you did caution though that while such experiences had sometimes brought recovery to alcoholics they were nevertheless comparatively rare. You recommended that he place himself in a religious atmosphere and hope for the best. This I believe was the substance of your advice..      Shortly thereafter Mr. Rowland H. joined the Oxford Groups an evangelical movement then at the height of its success in Europe and one with which you are doubtless familiar. You will remember their large emphasis upon the principles of self-survey confession restitution and the giving of oneself in service to others. They strongly stressed meditation and prayer. In these surroundings Rowland H. did find a conversion experience that released him for the time being from his compulsion to drink..      Returning to New York he became very active with the "O.G." here then led by an Episcopal clergyman Dr. Samuel Shoemaker. Dr. Shoemaker had been one of the founders of that movement and his was a powerful personality that carried immense sincerity and conviction..      At this time (1932-34) the Oxford Groups had already sobered a number of alcoholics and Rowland feeling that he could especially identify with these sufferers addressed himself to the help of still others. One of these chanced to be an old schoolmate of mine Edwin T. ("Ebby"). He had been threatened with commitment to an institution but Mr. H. and another ex-alcoholic "O.G." member procured his parole and helped to bring about his sobriety..      Meanwhile I had run the course of alcoholism and was threatened with commitment myself. Fortunately I had fallen under the care of a physician - a Dr. William D. Silkworth - who was wonderfully capable of understanding alcoholics. But just as you had given up on Rowland so had he given me up. It was his theory that alcoholism had two components - an obsession that compelled the sufferer to drink against his will and interest and some sort of metabolism difficulty which he then called an allergy. The alcoholic's compulsion guaranteed that the alcoholic's drinking would go on and the allergy made sure that the sufferer would finally deteriorate go insane or die. Though I had been one of the few he had thought it possible to help he was finally obliged to tell me of my hopelessness; I too would have to be locked up. To me this was a shattering blow. Just as Rowland had been made ready for his conversion experience by you so had my wonderful friend Dr. Silkworth prepared me..      Hearing of my plight my friend Edwin T. came to see me at my home where I was drinking. By then it was November 1934. I had long marked my friend Edwin for a hopeless case. Yet there he was in a very evident state of "release" which could by no means accounted for by his mere association for a very short time with the Oxford Groups. Yet this obvious state of release as distinguished from the usual depression was tremendously convincing. Because he was a kindred sufferer he could unquestionably communicate with me at great depth. I knew at once I must find an experience like his or die..      Again I returned to Dr. Silkworth's care where I could be once more sobered and so gain a clearer view of my friend's experience of release and of Rowland H.'s approach to him..      Clear once more of alcohol I found myself terribly depressed. This seemed to be caused by my inability to gain the slightest faith. Edwin T. again visited me and repeated the simple Oxford Groups' formulas. Soon after he left me I became even more depressed. In utter despair I cried out "If there be a God will He show Himself." There immediately came to me an illumination of enormous impact and dimension something which I have since tried to describe in the book "Alcoholics Anonymous" and in "AA Comes of Age" basic texts which I am sending you..      My release from the alcohol obsession was immediate. At once I knew I was a free man. Shortly following my experience my friend Edwin came to the hospital bringing me a copy of William James' "Varieties of Religious Experience". This book gave me the realization that most conversion experiences whatever their variety do have a common denominator of ego collapse at depth. The individual faces an impossible dilemma. In my case the dilemma had been created by my compulsive drinking and the deep feeling of hopelessness had been vastly deepened by my doctor. It was deepened still more by my alcoholic friend when he acquainted me with your verdict of hopelessness respecting Rowland H..      In the wake of my spiritual experience there came a vision of a society of alcoholics each identifying with and transmitting his experience to the next - chain style. If each sufferer were to carry the news of the scientific hopelessness of alcoholism to each new prospect he might be able to lay every newcomer wide open to a transforming spiritual experience. This concept proved to be the foundation of such success as Alcoholics Anonymous has since achieved. This has made conversion experiences - nearly every variety reported by James - available on an almost wholesale basis. Our sustained recoveries over the last quarter century number about 300000. In America and through the world there are today 8000 AA groups..      So to you to Dr. Shoemaker of the Oxford Groups to William James and to my own physician Dr. Silkworth we of AA owe this tremendous benefaction. As you will now clearly see This astonishing chain of events actually started long ago in your consulting room and it was directly founded upon your own humility and deep perception..      Very many thoughtful AAs are students of your writings. Because of your conviction that man is something more than intellect emotion and two dollars worth of chemicals you have especially endeared yourself to us..      How our Society grew developed its Traditions for unity and structured its functioning will be seen in the texts and pamphlet material that I am sending you..      You will also be interested to learn that in addition to the "spiritual experience "many AAs report a great variety of psychic phenomena the cumulative weight of which is very considerable. Other members have - following their recovery in AA - been much helped by your practitioners. A few have been intrigued by the "I Ching" and your remarkable introduction to that work..      Please be certain that your place in the affection and in the history of the Fellowship is like no other...Gratefully yours .William G. W. .Co-founder Alcoholics Anonymous.
----------immediate responses--------

Luckily Bill wrote to Dr. Jung when he did &amp; Jung had the chance to respond. Dr. Jung passed on about 5 months after Bill wrote the letter &amp; didn't live to see how he helped influence the trail of events which led to the founding of Alcoholics Anonymous. 
I'm a bot *bleep* *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:..- [/r/jung] [A Letter To Dr. Carl Jung from Bill W. A Co-Founder Of Alcoholics Anonymous. Carl Jung Is Mentioned In The Book Alcoholics Anonymous On Page 26-27.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jung/comments/aqbr4g/a_letter_to_dr_carl_jung_from_bill_w_a_cofounder/)..&amp;nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
Amazing. I'm blown away by the story of the origins ERRYTIME.  The simple fact that medical science alone cannot heal a man of this affliction coupled with the fact that faith alone cannot cure the affected either. It pretty much confirms for me that Alcohol is alive and its almost like a parasite.
Thank you for sharing this. I knew about this letter but never had the opportunity to read it. Definitely a keeper. 
Thank you for posting this. I'm fascinated by the history. It's very important... and I personally treat the Big Book like an historic document. Bill W's letters are along those same lines. This is one I've not read before. 
I've seen the reply letter from Jung to Bill - it's on a wall at the AA World Services office in NY.  Are you able to post  the text of it here? 
