-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/arn6x3/awol_sponsor/

I'm pretty sure she relapsed... I have no clue. It's jarring and I've been thinking about drinking more than usual. I'm going to events with people more more meetings more reaching out might have a new sponsor tomorrow.. but it just still feels shitty. 
----------immediate responses--------

relationships no relationships..Money or no money..Jails or no jail...We must remain sober no matter the circumstances...Relax take it easy..Find another sponsor if you must.
Sorry to hear that this always sucks. There are plenty of solid people out there willing to sponsor. Sometimes these things come out of left field like someone with a seemingly reliable recovery going out. I think you are doing the right thing posting here and talking about it. 
I've been there with a relapsing sponsor and it sucks. I know you're not asking for advice or anything and it sounds like you have a solid plan to get through this just wanted to say that I feel this. Principles not personalities. Hope your sponsor finds her way back to us and your recovery is only strengthened by this experience.
Don't pick flakey newer people as your sponsor again. Ask someone who has done this a bunch whose sponsees have at least a few years.
Make sure you get to meetings and tell people about how your doing. 
One of the bist things my first sponsor told me was what he said right after agreeing to be my sponsor.  He said "But you'd better find a higher power because you might call me and I'm drunk."  The thought that he could drink again seemed impossible at the time; he did but I had found a higher power by then.
This is why it is extremely important to rely on "God" and not on people. . .I'm not saying you specifically but a lot of people in AA put way to much reliance on other people.  .In my experience over the last ten years if I relied on any sponsor or any other individual person to stay sober I'd be drunk by now. .  .The way I stay sober in AA is work the program I rely on God and see who I can help not who can help me.  .That's what the big book says to do and it works..  .  .Bill W (AA cofounder) always called Eby his sponsor. Eby was the one who gave Bill the solution/program they talk about him in bills story. .Anyways Eby didn't stay sober. Eby relapsed a bunch of times and had major difficulties staying sober.  .   . Bill did not drink because his sponsor did you don't have to either.  .   .   .  .
Yeah the sponsors that took me through the steps relapsed. We didn't really finish. I had to finish up with someone new. ..It happens. It is sad. I felt awful as though I had something to do with it. But I didn't. She was not strong in her sobriety she did not work a strong program. We learn from it. It helps us to grow. ..Find a newbie to mentor. Find another sponsor. Keep working your program because it works if you work it is not just words it is how it works!!
Jewels. I changed sponsors a few months into sobriety and it helped me drastically. Coming up on 3 years and it was incredible. Relax. Find a new sponsor. Call your friends. Even ones you havent talked to in awhile...
