-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/asbrix/day_two_help_needed/

I've drank almost every day since I turned 21. I'm only 23 now but the last six months I have been slowly increasing my intake and what it takes to distract my mind from stress keeps being more and more...At nearly six drinks a day I'm realizing that these habits are awful for my mental health my marriage and my body and that it will never get easier to just stop. I keep telling myself I'm not an alcoholic because I can take a day off because I don't ever get wasted or whatever other BS rationale it takes for me to feel good about reaching for the vodka. ..I'm an alcoholic because I never stop thinking about drinking...I can't keep living in the shame I feel each morning when I wake up and realize that I failed again last night. ..It's been 41 hours and I have a few questions for you all...1. I have had zero physical symptoms of withdrawal... is there still a chance I will get any? This is a primary source of fear and angst as I begin this long journey...2. I've struggled for many years with major depression self harm and panic attacks. Will the next few months be horrible because of the changes to my brain chemistry?..3. I'm scared to go to a meeting because I'm young and feel like maybe my issues will be trivialized by myself as well as those who have been through literal hell. How can I get over this fear and do what I know is best for my recovery?..Thank you so much for your thoughts...
----------immediate responses--------

Don't be scared to go to a meeting. There are plenty of people your age (and younger!) who are in AA and even those who have had deeper problems with alcoholism will be able to identify with you and relate to you. I would suggest just going. You have nothing to lose and everything to gain...As for your second question   it's impossible to predict what might happen but in general not pouring gallons of depressants into your system will improve your physical and mental health. It will be strange and disorienting at first so my advice would be to speak to a medical professional about your situation. I can't imagine any responsible doctor would advise you to resume drinking but they should be able to lend some advice on how to mitigate your depression and panic. AA will help you with these issues too...And as for your first question it's hard to say what might happen to you as everyone is different but if you've felt ok after 41 hours you're probably all right. You might have some sleeplessness and weird dreams and such that will be withdrawal-related. If you feel anything major don't hesitate to go to the hospital...Good luck!
Hi there and good for you for recognizing that you have a problem!!..To address your first concern if you're at 41 hours with no withdrawal symptoms you are probably okay. They tend to peak at 48-72 hours but only in extreme cases. My suggestion is to listen to your body very carefully and don't hesitate to take action if you start to feel off. My worst run-in with withdrawal came almost 2 days after a major binge (but I do mean *major*; like 3 day blackout almost). ..In terms of anxiety I think you should make an appointment with your GP right away to assess what's going on. First tackle any physical things like vitamin deficiencies dehydration organ function etc. Be completely honest about your drinking to get the most benefit from this visit; they will not judge you. They need to have a full picture to fully help you. They can make recommendations in terms of treatment for anxiety particularly in the first few months. There are a variety of options!!..Do *not* worry one little bit about your age when entering a meeting. You're there to gain knowledge experience and hope; they are too and will probably be so eager to offer it to you. On that note as a young person you might feel overwhelmed. Just accept the love!! 23 is young but you'll probably be surprised to see that there are plenty of people that age and younger in AA meetings. If you are in an area with multiple meetings I encourage you to stop by a few and see where you feel comfortable. Anyone at any age can gain a tremendous amount from meetings. If anyone trivializes your experience that person is an asshole and not representative of AA as a whole  
Congrats on two days and making the decision to get sober. I can't speak to 1) but can speak to 2) and 3)...2. My depression has gradually gotten much better since I quit drinking (about 6 months ago) and while I'm not qualified to explain how that's worked neuro-chemically I can say a big part of it has been just not feeling like such a loser anymore because I was drinking every day. All I would say on the neuro-chemical front is that alcohol is a depressant so long term heavy use has got to be a contributing factor to depressive disorders. ..3. This fear is unfounded. I had the same concern when I started going to meetings but quickly found a young person's meeting (I'm 24) that is now my home group and I can say NOTHING makes the group happier than seeing new young people come through who have decided they want to stop drinking. Whether you think your experiences have been bad compared to other people's in some objective sense is irrelevant:  the ONLY requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking  to quote the preamble. Start going to meetings make yourself talk to people and before you know it you will feel a sense of belonging; we're all in this together after all. Also get a sponsor and work the steps. You'll be happy you did. ..Really happy I saw this post. Feel free to DM me if you like.
First of all congratulations on Day 2! You are in the process of making a major decision that may positively impact the rest of your life. I just wanted to add that I think you hit the nail on the head when you said " I'm an alcoholic because I never stop thinking about drinking." Something I've learned in recovery is that non-alcoholics don't think about drinking. They don't spend time and effort trying to control their drinking. It just isn't even a thought. ..&amp;#x200B;..I too could stop drinking on my own--sometimes for *months* at a time. But I knew I was an alcoholic because I would always return to alcohol and within a period of time (usually pretty quickly) I'd again lose whatever control I thought I finally had found. Eventually I had enough pain and I admitted I need help. Now I focus on the similarities in the rooms not differences. There will ALWAYS be someone who was "worse" or who suffered more. That is no reason for me to keep drinking. If anything it shows me where my life can go if I keep drinking. Alcoholism is a disease that tells us we don't have a disease. Pretty much all of us have tried to find someway that we were disqualified from this thing...&amp;#x200B;..As for your other questions I don't think you're going to suffer physical withdrawals or worsening depression. Something that was critical for my recovery was going to a therapist who specialized in addiction and being completely honest with them. Also you are not too young. A lot of us who come in older wish we could go back and get this younger. For one I know I would have a more successful career had I not been sabotaging myself. It takes time but sobriety becomes really awesome. Lastly one of my friends got sober at 15! I would look into a young people's group any group will do of course. Whatever you do just don't drink. 
Welcome...&amp;#x200B;..\&gt; I have had zero physical symptoms of withdrawal... is there still a chance I will get any? This is a primary source of fear and angst as I begin this long journey...&amp;#x200B;..Honestly at six drinks a day I doubt it. Maybe you had a hangover but that's about it. But your mileage may vary.  ...&amp;#x200B;..\&gt; I've struggled for many years with major depression self harm and panic attacks. Will the next few months be horrible because of the changes to my brain chemistry?..&amp;#x200B;..Let me tell you a bit of my story because it's relevant. I had all of the above... It was terrifying to ask for help because I was afraid of things possibly being any worse. Every time I drank I wanted to die and yet somehow I thought maybe it could be worse if I actually got help for that...&amp;#x200B;..What I will say is that in my experience the first year was hard because I had to begin to learn how to deal with life and my emotions without taking anything to numb myself. So I can say that it hasn't been easy... They say the best thing about getting sober is that you get to feel your feelings and the worst thing about getting sober is that you get to feel your feelings...&amp;#x200B;..I will tell you that there is never a situation where taking a drink will improve my life. There is nothing that taking a drink would make \*better\*...&amp;#x200B;..Feel free to PM me if you want to speak more in depth about the dually diagnosed aspect of your story (alcoholism + mental illness) if you would prefer to speak in private...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..\&gt; I'm scared to go to a meeting because I'm young and feel like maybe my issues will be trivialized by myself as well as those who have been through literal hell. How can I get over this fear and do what I know is best for my recovery?..&amp;#x200B;..Our literature speaks of those who would be saved from the last fifteen years of hell that other drinkers had to go through to get here. You've been accounted for...&amp;#x200B;..Besides would you really let what other people might think get in the way of your recovery?..&amp;#x200B;..Lastly there are countless young members in AA. I came in before I hit 25. I know people who came in in their teens and early 20's. You are not alone.
an alcoholic can stop whenever they want hell we've stopped 1000 times. an alcoholic can't stay stopped though   the problem is we can't stop ourselves from going back for the next one. if you want to stay stopped and try to stay stopped and find that you can't on your own we might be able to help...when i was 23 my therapist suggested i go to a meeting and i thought i wasn't as bad as "those people". i tried to control my use of drugs and alcohol for 6 more years before i finally came into recovery. ..you're not too young. i know people who have gotten sober at 17. ..best of luck.
I really relate to this. Before I decided to really bite the bullet and claim sobriety I would take a month off take a couple days off only drink on the weekend what have you. AND I NEVER STOPPED THINKING ABOUT DRINKING. I would think of every excuse to drink next when will I drink what will I drink how much will I drink and on and on. I am 28 and feel similar about going to a meeting. I didn't have some crazy story that brought me to sobriety and I was honestly a little embarrassed saying I have a problem because everything in my life was going fine. But now I realize thank GOD I stopped now before it got out of hand. So way to go! ..I also suffer from depression and anxiety. My anxiety is nearly gone without alcohol. I definitely had a period of depression but with support it wasn't anything I could handle and I am sure you will do just fine! Now that I am over the hump (102 days now) I feel so good. Alcohol is a depressant. And your body and mind have some adjusting to do but it is worth it! ..The only physical reactions I have had have been positive. Other than upping my sugar intake a bunch   ..Good luck!
I can't believe anyone in an AA meeting would trivialize another person's concerns about their own drinking. We have felt concerns for our own drinking and have also seen the demise of others for drinking less than ourselves.  .Regarding age I regularly attend a meeting with many old timers whom I have learned a great deal from. I also regularly attend a meeting with a much younger demographic (college town) where often the most resonating share comes from a young member.  We all have a lot to offer each other. 
Hey! I am 24 but started meetings at 23. Not a single person made me feel out of place for my age and a surprising amount of people tell me the gift of finding the meetings at this age is a miracle. If you wanna let me know what area you're in I'll hook you up with meetings and probably some cool local people too. You're doing so so well. 
1)  You will not experience physical withdrawal.  .2) I don't think you are drinking in sufficient quantities to meaningfully impact your neurochemistry (but it will if you keep going).  At any rate stopping will improve your brain chemistry (if it was affected) as you will produce more serotonin naturally..3) Not unusual to feel trepidation about taking your life in a brave new direction but you will find the people in those rooms are very compassionate and understanding.   Remember if you keep drinking it will only get worse.  Six a day now but in a few years it will be 12 a day then 24 etc.  Much better to stop now before it ruins your life (and it will if you let it)...Good luck.
When you get a big book read  Me an alcoholic?  .To answer #3-I came in at 19 and I've been sober for four years now. I didn't go through hell except in my mind and I didn't have the resources to drink every day. But I am an alcoholic nonetheless. It doesn't matter how far down the path you've gone. The only requirement for membership is the desire to stop drinking. Also I've found old timers very welcoming to young people. They're excited that we still can salvage our lives. 
On withdrawal 6 drinks a day while not healthy is amatuer-level drinking for many of us.  I drank 3 or 4 times that amount every day.
As for the concern about being young and going to meetings; I was 19 when I came in and I'm 41 now(!) and I can say that the people who give you grief about being young are giving you data: steer clear of them. We are a bunch of sickos in AA and some folks will keep you sick while others will lift you up and help you along your journey. It's a weeding thing: you'll know right away! There's nothing wrong with finding an open meeting and going with a supportive friend who is a normie. Just get to a meeting find a sponsor and CALL THEM. The rest will fall into place. Congrats on your sobriety so far and good luck to you!
 ..1.  I  have had zero physical symptoms of withdrawal... is there still a  chance I will get any? This is a                           primary source of fear and angst as I  begin this long journey...Well I can only speak for myself. I was a very heavy drinker. I went straight to AA without any detox which not everyone does or can do. It was okay for me. I had very heavy levels of panic and was freaking out for about 10 days it is hard to stay sober under that pressure. I spent a TON of time with the sober people of AA and what they were doing...2.  I've  struggled for many years with major depression self harm and panic  attacks. Will the next few months be horrible because of the changes to  my brain chemistry?..Not necessarily horrible! It will be difficult though. We spend a lot of time with each other with other alcoholics who have solved the problem of drink and found their way out. We talk frequently about the Steps and doing the Step work. This is the solution to these concerns. The Step work helps immensely with managing these feelings. I would let you know that you don't (in my opinion) need to be worried about changes to your brain chemistry. It's more about learning to live with the way we ARE but as we stay sober our body chemistry does very slowly improve. I'm almost four years sober and my chemistry I believe is still slowly improving. As I get more stable with living happily sober with the person that I AM TODAY the person that I am tomorrow is even healthier. Life is just slowly getting easier and easier and all the feelings I used to have that life was unfair or that I had been dealt the wrong cards in life well those feelings are rarely around anymore and if they are they are very rare...3.  I'm  scared to go to a meeting because I'm young and feel like maybe my  issues will be trivialized by myself as well as those who have been  through literal hell. How can I get over this fear and do what I know is  best for my recovery?..I would suggest going to a meeting. The concerns you raise here are thoughts which were considered and taken stock of literally decades ago. We have pamphets like "Too Young?" as well as "Too Old?" We are (as we like to say) people "who normally would not mix" but we have great powerful bonds due to the illness of alcoholism. There are lots of people in AA. A friend of mine came into AA at 18 after nearly a decade of addiction to substances and now has 20 years of continuous sobriety at 40 years of age and she's awesome. There are a lot of young people and even meetings geared towards young people in general. One of my local meetings is very much young-focused and they throw the best parties and organize most of the biggest events in the area like huge (300 people) bbqs and sporting things as well as dances.
You qualify and although you're unlikely to experience serious withdrawal symptoms you should take some measures to make this as comfortable a period as you can for the first weeks. Don't go too long without eating a bit lots of fruit juices and perhaps a B-1 vitamin suppliment. Get a boring book for sleeping better...I sponsor a guy that sobered up at 17 30+ years ago. My son got sober at 20 16 years ago. You won't have to attend many meetings to find younger members and older members who drank less less often than yourself...Show up 15 min early and let the women know you're new...they'll make you comfortable if you do that...I came in at 21 got sober at 28...would have saved myself some grief if I'd dove at the start. Lower your walls as much as you can and ask for help from the women...&amp;#x200B;
There was a guy who was 23 and he stopped drinking at 21.... n he enjoys his sobriety
