-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/atihct/life/

I'm about 9 months into recovery - I am only 24 years old. Recently it has crossed my mind about switching sponsors because of the fact that my current sponsor is having a hard time - family wise. I just feel like I need more of a constant sponsoring whereas this guy I barely see once a month. It also might be my fault for the fact that I am not a welcoming person &amp; do not ooze with confidence or can not probably hold a conversation. I've been struggling with talking in social aspects of my life - does anyone have any advice with dealing with people that they can refer me to. My sister's youngest daughter has been put on the spectrum for Autism &amp; researching it has made me realise that I have most if not all of these traits. Do you think It's me being a hypochondriac or should I be concerned?..TLDR;.1. thinking of changing sponsor my current one is going through a rough time..2.advice on coming out of my shell..3. Think I might have autism...   Much appreciated! NME
----------immediate responses--------

The problem is that there isn't always a whole lot of space for introverts in AA. I struggle with it sometimes. I am quiet and reserved as well among most people. Which is fine. Many people in AA will try to tell you it's a character defect but I disagree completely. ..I do think it's important to find one or two people you can open up to and be comfortable with but it does not have to be everyone. It takes time but it's worth it...As for your self diagnosis I would suggest going to speak with a doctor...Feel free to message me any time if you'd like to talk further...
I needed to change sponsors and it was hard because I felt like I was breaking up with someone   omg that was all just in my own warped head. The main thing is I did switch to a sponsor who was more available and able to bring me through the book (again). ..I think most of us have interpersonal issues as the book says on page 52:  We were having trouble with personal relationships....  As such whether extroverted or introverted we need to learn how to relate with others. (I don't know about you but I learned how to hide my real state from others during my drinking; learning how to be present and vulnerable with another person was huge for me!). ..One thing that's helped for me is recognizing that a sponsor isn't a therapist. Usually :-). It's someone able to share with me exactly how they recovered from a seemingly hopeless condition of mind and body. ..So...I don't go to a sponsor for other issues I personally go to a therapist for therapy. This has helped me learn how to open &amp; such. 
Perhaps he needs you.  That once a month chat keeps him sober.  
The pamphlet "Questions and Answers on Sponsorship" is valuable. I think there are many different styles of sponsorship but ask yourself before you fire him if you have been holding up your end of the agreement. Did you have a talk about expectations and what both of you want out of each other? Good luck and remember this issue is just part of your journey sober.
I saw my guy in 3 of the meetings we both attended each week and we went to coffee after. I wouldn't have asked someone with a 1x/month level of involvement.
I have a son who has autism. What makes you think you do? 
