-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aw5ev0/i_feel_like_a_hopeless_lost_cause/

I blew another violation yesterday. I am definitely going to be doing jail time and I am beyond terrified. I can't stop relapsing and I don't know what to do anymore. To go through the process of realizing your an alcoholic and getting into AA while dealing with court for the first time is the worst and really triggering. My mom yells at me "why can't you just not drink it's that easy" and "you want this for yourself you want to go to jail". Logically yes it is so simple just don't drink. But when it has been a crutch and an escape for so long it is just too hard to give it up. I feel like I will never get past 30 days before relapsing. I don't know what to do anymore. I don't want to be alive. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think your feelings are normal but believe me there is a solution. ..I'm on my third go round with AA. This time it is different. ..I went to my 90 in 90 meetings. Not a requirement but like most of the program merely a suggestion. I found it most helpful combined with the suggestion that I listen to hear the similarities. After a month or so I sat at the club for hours waiting for the next meeting because I wasn't ready or knowing how to get help. And I listened. ..I shared a little those dreadful  I'm Just I'm an alcoholic . Didn't have a choice my sister made me. ..Between meetings I laid on my couch thinking WTF. Who would care if I died what does it matter. ..Fast foreword 5+ years...  every day is NOT great. There are some days that I am not so sure it is worth it. But here's the thing I have friends that care about me that want to see me succeed. But most of all my friends don't tell me that I just don't have to drink they understand what normal people will never understand that alcohol changes my brain chemistry and that it is my choice to take the first drink sometimes it is not my conscious choice after that. I can understand that I can live with that I can work on that. ..Stay strong do the hardest thing you will ever do ask for help and then take it. Recovery is a choice. 
If you want what we have and are willing to go to any length to get it then you are ready to take certain steps.  ..When it starts to hurt enough you'll find a way.  
It's not that easy for me to not drink; I'm powerless.  You might be too. ..What has worked for me and millions of others is getting a sponsor and working the steps.  I bet it will work for you also. 
This may sound trite but the only way to truly fail is to stop trying. ..I haven't found my way out of this demon yet and I am also feeling demoralized. But I will always hope that I can. I have seen others do it. Maybe my time hasn't happened yet but it can happen. 
