-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/awdwk2/today_is_one_year_for_me_xpost_from_rstopdrinking/

Hi. I feel obligated to write something here and share to do service for others that might be just starting out or struggling or maybe need the reminder... I don't feel like it. I'm tired and I had a long day at work and then my sponsor made me go to a meeting with him. But I'm far from in the mood to write anything. I've hated my birthday every year for over a decade and this feels like the same thing.. the 1 year anniversary of my sobriety. On Feb 28 of 2018 I was fed up and decided it was time to double down on sobriety. I don't know what it was really.. I had been drinking for well over a decade. I was 31 (about to turn 32 - my birthday is march 9).. anyway.. I had tried doing it on my own for .. who knows maybe 2-2.5-3 years? On and off I would attempt moderation or to "take a break" I would call them "sober runs".. But it never worked. An anecdote I mention a lot at meetings is that I was reading psychology articles on "how long does it take to break a habit" .. one of them said it could take up to a year another said it could take 3-4 months then I found one that said in 60 days you can break a bad habit... So the LONGEST I ever been sober before was a 57 day stretch.. but day 57 was a Friday and well... Fuck it right? I made it this far I deserve a reward.. as long as I keep it under control! AND SOMETIMES I could control.. for a day or two.. just have 3-4 drinks supplement with some weed and then wait till the next weekend.. But without fail I always went right back to every night drinking 10-15 beers + weed.. ..Isolation is also a huge part of my story I was living alone (still do) in my apt in Brooklyn (not a good neighborhood far from the gentrified hipster areas) and I would come home and instantly need to smoke weed crack open a beer put on a podcast and play a video game all at the same time so that I was totally distracted and out of my head. After a few years of this I was suicidally depressed very often CONSTANT anxiety to the point where I had panic attacks frequently.. yadda yadda.. Wasn't good. In 2016 I was convinced I would not see 2017.. 2016 was gonna be the last year I saw. Somehow I ended up seeing a therapist who helped me out A LOT.. but ultimately she was not a good match for me But it did make me consider AA.. I went to a few meetings towards the end of that year - but the first one some weirdos wanted to give me their phone number and take mine.. to which I just coldly stared at them and said "WHY?" in the most intimidating way I could.. then a month later I went to another one and they all wanted to hold hands and pray at the end.. "Yeah no thanks.." I thought.. then I decided to just go to meetings 5 mins late and leave 5 mins early to avoid introducing myself and avoid these weirdos and their fucking prayers. After maybe half a dozen meetings I said "I get it.. I got this.. fuck this shit I'm out"..My mother committed suicide in January of 2017. A almost finished handle of whiskey hidden in her bedside cabinet. I made it to the hospital to hold her unconscious hand while they took her off life-support and listened while the beeping slowly lost pulse over 46 mins. My father also a terrible alcoholic who spent much of my childhood threatening to kill himself while drunk - well he did NOT take her passing well at all. I have KNOWN real depression before this all happened.. but I had never truly witnessed despair. My fathers despair.. his face when we got back from the funeral totally shitfaced will be something I never forget. Long story short - he tried killing himself / or threatened to do so - one too many times and was put into a psych ward of a hospital where - after a lifetime of alcoholism - suffered severe wet brain and now has permanent irreversible brain damage and to this day he just lies in a bed brain dead watching TV and not knowing where he is or who people are...I did not get sober after that. I spent much of 2017 going back and forth like I had been for the prior 2 years.. A very stressful time.. we had to sell everything my parents owned and some more tragedies and painful discoveries were made.. So I didn't even consider getting sober.. ..After a year of feeling more lost than ever.. and having some crazy bad drunk "bottoms" I decided I had to do something.. seriously. So on the one year anniversary of my mother's suicide I found an AA meeting and I just went.. My sponsor tells me I was  intense and moody and barely said anything .. I had huge walls up. (Still something I struggle with now.. but I'm way better) Anyways.. I went to meetings for two months.. relapsing every 3 days or every 10 days.. or whatever.. Somewhere in February I got drunk and some guy in my sketchy neighborhood in brooklyn decided to knock me the fuck out why?? Well.. I can't really remember.. but I had a really bad black eye was covered in blood.. and STILL managed to stumble to a bodega to grab some more beers (and a bag of ice!) .. anyways. I think that black eye was my "moment of clarity" .. on Feb 28 2018 I talked to the guy who is now my sponsor today - and he just very gently and casually said "ya know... some newcomers try to do a 90-in-90... it's where you go to a meeting every day for 90 days.." .. I was so fucking mad at the world. I was so fiercely determined to do something.. It's hard to even recall all the rage and emotions and shit.. but I just wnet "uh ok" but in my mind I was thinking "You think I can't do 90 fuck you! I can do that!" ..Now I'm a completely different person. I have a hard time understanding it. I feel lighter.. I feel hopeful.. I feel like my life is OK and sometimes it's even GREAT! I feel grateful.. I apologize whenever I am out of line. I listen to people. I'm able to be warm and friendly. People look at me in a way that doesn't make me hate myself so much. ..I still have a lot of work to do. But I am now in a place where I can actually do the work to grow and be better. One day at a time. And it's a fucking beautiful thing. And I'm so grateful. ..If you're out there and struggling.. If you want to change If you don't want to feel the way you feel anymore.. It's all possible. I had absolutely NO IDEA what I was missing out on.. The world is SO much bigger and more colorful and interesting. When I was drinking.. I had NO CLUE.. You have no idea how good you can feel You might also have no idea how bad you actually feel UNTIL you experience the opposite. Every single one of us deserves a life. And everyone around you in your life deserves you to be in it. You owe it to yourself and to others to do this work. Let go of the negative story turn yourself over and get to work. You just have no idea what you're missing until you do it. ..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 365 miracles in a row! If we are tired enough of fighting we surrender and that is how we win
Thanks for this. Sometimes I feel like r/stopdrinking is a little too  WOW what a miracle!  for my taste. Like getting sober is good and important and well worth celebrating but it can also be a pain in the ass a lot of the time! Some days are bad! Early on you might have that  Fuck you I'm doing 90 in 90 just to show you that I can  attitude and really whatever keeps you sober is good enough. I don't know of too many people who got sober out of the goodness of their hearts. I know a lot who were tired of consequences and ended up being amazing people...Your experience mirrors mine a lot. And I look back on my years in and out of Brooklyn AA really fondly. I kind of wish I had gotten it back then but I didn't and I'm okay with that. ..Again congratulations. 
Well Done mate see we told you it would get better  Enjoy your Day 
Well done that #1 year is something you won't forget. Very special in that you get to join 2 million others who'll tick off another year in 2019.
You brought me to tears good job. .Your description of the lows are so spot on for me it made so desperate and WILLING. I came in the rooms in May  18 zero self-worth suicidal so fuckin lost; I truly felt like a piece of trash. .The past 10 months have been difficult and not without hard days even a relapse... But I wouldn't change the path I've taken to get me where I am today: full of hope making plans for the future feeling less rotten inside. ..I'm living life as it comes allowing things to happen and accepting that I have a choice to react to it or not. I've learned new coping skills that aren't to escape to the bottle. I'm feeling feelings all of them not just the good ones. .Slowly Ive started to be ok with myself. I know it's a life long journey but I'm so grateful to have today not suffering. ..Thank you so much. 
Thank you for sharing your story! I get so much from hearing stories like yours and was one of the unexpected pieces of gold that I like about the Big Book are the stories...It is so easy to hear Jordan Peterson or Tony Robbins tell you to get your life together but there is so much more utility in hearing someone's journey trying to set their life straight...I really appreciate you writing this though I am sure just the act of writing this was a release in of itself.
Awesome. 
