-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/awiha8/long_time_friend_of_bill_day_2_of_desire_to_stop/

Night cold sweats and isolated. Haven't eaten. Super shaky. lots of water . Reaching out but hard to feel well enough to go anywhere.  I might be arrested if I go out for trumped up stalking charges. Grateful for this sub. one hour at a time. Help me stay ahead friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

Every moment of pain and discomfort through withdrawals are worth it. You will look back on this day and the days to come and be so proud of your strength and resolve to kick this in the ass. You CAN do it! 
Welcome Home!
A drunk friend kept texting me during last night's meeting with all the reasons why she can't get sober again and has to keep drinking...You're so far ahead of that spot. Wish she had what you have now.
What are you going to do different this time?
glad you're here!
You're not alone anymore 
Thanks for sharing this. You're helping me stay sober today. I've got 13 months sober and I'm finally off probation (again) and my family is starting to trust me again. If there's one thing I've learned over the years of chronic relapse/cycles of sobriety is that things *always* get better if I don't drink. I don't often see those results until months down the line but that day always comes when I'm hit with this reality. Keep trudging friend. 
 I heard this in a meeting last night: G.O.D. = gift of desperation 
You can do this. I'm praying for you. 
WELCOME BACK FRIEND!.We're glad you're here.  
As my sponsor told me you'll never have to feel this way again. YOU are worth it.  I'm praying for you.
Some days I take it an hour at a time too. The journey isn't easy but it is beautiful and so worth it! I'm glad you're back  you can do it! You deserve happiness and peace. 
Checking in. Old timer here. Need to chat? Feel free to DM me
Stay strong friend. You are not alone. 
You can call your local AA office - even if you're not up to going outside for a bit. ..I find there is  nothing like speaking to another alcoholic when I am in pain. 
Chocolate and fresh oj to help with shakes
Welcome back. .  .  ."God could and would if he were sought"..  .  .It's true ya know      
We need to feel that pain to remind us what we don't want to feel again I am 95 days clean and sober today I tried to separate all my wants and all of my needs I'm working on myself I learned acceptance is the key!!! And through it all I try to spread a positive message dedicated to death with every breath I invested I got this fire in my eye and it's all my dead friends that's giving me my drive and remember this my friend don't give up don't ever give up I'll pray that you make it through this rough time but you got a wanted man for you and no one else!!!!!
