-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ax24t4/dry_drunk/

So I've been sober a little over 4 years but I've dramatically dropped off of meetings for the past year. I want to go back but I'm terrified of the judgement or the  where have you been? ..Honestly though I'm struggling and I know that I need a meeting. Anyone have any encouragement or advice on going back? And maybe how I can keep motivated to keep going?
----------immediate responses--------

Just show up. Honestly that's it. What are you more terrified of the relapse of a fatal disease or the judgement for coming back? Just show up. In my experience after being gone for a long time going back to a meeting felt like coming home. Very little judgement just lots of love and support...As for motivation to keep going- sounds like you've been away from the program for a while so I would jump back in by finding a home group and making a service commitment. Doing a set of steps is probably not a bad idea too since all kinds of shit can crop up when you're away for a while.
Anyone asks just give them an honest response. They will respect you. You're not alone.
Fear is such a great limiter and a terrible enemy of an alcoholic. Fear controlled my life inside and outside of AA for a long time. When I came back this time after another run I had to get really honest and vulnerable in some meetings and talk about exactly where I was at and what I was going through and it helped tremendously. The right people heard me and extended a helping hand. I got in a step study got a new sponsor that I have a great connection with and my spiritual life is growing every day. Just humble yourself and share this at a meeting. Anyone who judges you isn't working a good program and isn't spiritually fit period. We don't get the help we need until we ask for it and honestly want it. Just go to a meeting raise your hand maybe admit that your uncomfortable sharing this but tell them what's going on. Trust me you will feel better and will be redirected to the right path if you're open to accepting it. Good luck and keep us updated.
I relate like family to this. There won't be judgement OP they will be glad to see you. When I first returned after a long long break I bailed and it happened twice. On the third time I just went in and it was fine. It will be fine for you. Sending you love and support.
In my experience most AAs would be especially welcoming to someone in your situation though that may not be the case in your area. And I can understanding not wanting the attention whether positive or negative. ..Ultimately you may just have to choose between saving your face and saving your ass. 
There is a section on "A Member's Eye View of Alcoholics Anonymous" starting on page 21 [https://www.aa.org/assets/en\_US/p-41\_amemberseyeviewofaa.pdf](https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-41_amemberseyeviewofaa.pdf)..that for me describes exactly the process by which meetings lose their draw for people in recovery and how it can be regained.  Check it out.
A meeting 5 minutes drive from another meeting can be a world away. Even meetings at different times but at the same location can vary wildly. Don't give up until you find a meeting that has a vibe you're comfortable with. Meeting shop!..Also the judgement coming from within your head is probably worse than what you'll find at a meeting.  
This reminds me of a story in the Christian Bible where a Shepard was tending his flock and one went astray. He left the flock to find the lost sheep and brought him home. The flock was already on the right path the one who got lost was the one in need of guidance. I don't care if you haven't been there for YEARS. I don't care how many times someone's relapsed. All I care about is that you come back to the right path. You're the one that needs compassion understanding and encouragement.  Otherwise we may as well be preaching the big book to the Mormons ( They're Religion forbids them to drink). You only fail when you give up. Never stop trying. Welcome back!!
You'll need to reintroduce yourself to some and remind them that you were gone for a while. A flock have left and come back since you left. The turnover becomes a blur and those who stick can barely keep track of those who have been there a few months...Initially most will assume you're just another new face until you say different. You believe you're special enough to be remembered. Nah.
&gt; I want to go back but I'm terrified of the judgement or the  where have you been?  ..If you think that's hard just think how hard it will be to go back after you get drunk...Realistically some people will be happy to see you back many will not notice you've been gone.  For the most part it will be all new people.  That's a long way of saying nobody will really notice.  ..&amp;#x200B;
I went through this after about a year sober and I remember calling my sponsor and telling her I was afraid to go back to meetings because everyone would think I relapsed.  Her response was "Yup you're definitely an alcoholic.   . Nobody is thinking about you as much as you are thinking about you."  I'm so glad I went back.  ...As for staying motivated get a home group and a service position.  It will hold you accountable.  And have you been through the steps?  Practicing Step 12 would probably be helpful - working with newcomers taking in treatment/jail meetings speaking up at beginners meetings.   ...Good luck.
