-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ax30li/nearly_five_years_sober_and_really_struggling_to/

I apologize beforehand for my lengthy post...In June I will have 5 years sober. I am active in AA and the fellowship. I communicate with my sponsor consistently attend meetings and try to be helpful...Nearly two years ago I moved from where I really learned how to live sober. I was an active member of my home group sponsored lots of women and was earning my masters degree. After my move multiple states away I plugged into local AA right away. I got a new local sponsor a home group and a service position in that home group. I read my big book pray and try to follow everything that is suggested...I feel so empty inside. I cannot seem to find a consistent sense of balance. The big book says that I will be happy joyous and free. Instead I feel as if I'm numbly stumbling through life and don't see the point in hardly anything anymore. It's been very hard for me to make real connections with people that I look up to. There is plenty of good recovery where I'm at now but I just don't feel at "home" the way I did in the place I got sober. ..Has anyone else felt or feel this way? If so how do you get through it? What makes you want to keep going not in sobriety necessarily but in life? I don't want to drink I have no desire to. I know that it won't help me at all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Possibly you need to see a doctor and share that with them. It could be an issue that requires medication such as an ssri/anti depressant. You are describing symptoms of depression but I am not a doctor so don't take that as a diagnosis or anything...That would be my only thought other than keep working the program. Do you keep in touch with people from your old home group/town?
Thank you for causing me to dust off the old Big Book.  I was hoping to find the promise of becoming happy joyous and free.  What I found instead in Ch. 9 p. 133 was "We are sure God wants us to be happy joyous and free. ... But it is clear we made our own misery.  Avoid then the deliberate manufacture of misery but if trouble comes cheerfully capitalize it as an opportunity ... ."..I can imagine relocations may be tough.  I had trouble finding new home groups after a cross town move.  Your experience with an oldtimer sounds terrible.  I wish you the best in finding the growth opportunity in this experience..
Do more service work.  Sponsor people carry the message to treatment centers and get more commitments.  
One thing I see reading this is when you moved you stopped sponsoring. I would recommend getting back into working with newcomers. Theyll get your mind off you and seeing the lights come on in someone else can help to brighten your own. Welcome to the subreddit. :D
Glad you are seeing and talking about this.  I'm kinda in the middle of the same sort of existential crisis.  I guess right now I'm choosing to look at my situation kind of like early on I looked at the quest for a higher power:  I don't have to have my happiness and mental stability all figured out but I have to believe in the possibility I will get there.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm also trying to remember one of the earliest things I got from the program:  For change to happen effort and struggle will be necessary.  I made the change from alcoholism to recovery which we all know is hard as hell and I am accepting that I cannot stay where I'm at in life and expect things to suddenly be different.  I have to change in order to get there...&amp;#x200B;..To that end I'm personally focusing on my service to God and others.  I'm trying every day to listen to fight expectation and just hear what his plan is for me and then execute it even if it doesn't totally jibe with my own thoughts.  I try to do a nightly step 10 make sure I offer amends when they are needed and be available for others...&amp;#x200B;..I've also been led to make some changes in my program.  All of this kind of comes in waves but the long and short of it is while I love my homegroup I'm waaayyyy too comfortable there.  I'll of course still go to meetings there but I have to go to more and varied meetings to get the same sort of challenge I used to get early in sobriety.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm also changing sponsors.  My sponsor is a great guy but at this point our relationship isn't giving me what I need.  He's huge into working with newcomers which is great for newcomers but I'm not that any more and he's got a new crop of sponsees that pull most of his focus.  He's also going through some stuff with his parents that is not allowing him much bandwidth to share.  ..&amp;#x200B;..And I agree with the guy that suggested seeing a doctor.  I'm actually now going to call my GP for an appointment.  I went off my meds a few months ago because I was doing very well and the side effects were not helpful but I'm now wondering if that was the best choice.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I guess what I'd emphasize is that one thing I've learned is that if we are not happy we are doing it wrong.  If we are doing the things we are supposed to be doing and working a good program we have the right to expect to be happy.  If we aren't. we have to change.  Good luck.
If you are looking for something you may not find it. But thats ok. Look for the signposts that point toward a possibility that something is bigger and greater than ourselves. After 8 years of sobriety thats the best conclusion I can come up with. Spirituality god etc.- really is no evidence and it really cannot be measured.
Among the things you listed that comprise the program--"I am active in AA and the fellowship. I communicate with my sponsor consistently attend meetings and try to be helpful. . . . I got a new local sponsor a home group and a service position in that home group. I read my big book pray and try to follow everything that is suggested"--I don't see any mention of taking the steps unless you meant to include that under "follow everything that i suggested"...You might want to take a shot at another round of steps. I know the first time I did them was pretty shallow and subsequent times have deepened my recovery. But yeah as satisfied with life as I am most of the time that longing to find the ultimate in meaning and purpose in life has eluded me also. I'm beginning to think that's one of the unrealistic expectations that caused me to become an alcoholic in the first place. The real world cannot compete with my idealistic version of how things could and should be and something in me refuses to accept the corrupted world as a substitute. 
jfwiw...Coming up on 25 years here. I've always been in the middle of AA action-wise. I do the deal. AA is by far the best thing that ever happened to me. That said sometimes I'm feeling "it" and sometimes I'm not. What I've found for me anyway is that when my life and my thoughts are about me I always end up with a "something's missing" feeling. On my own my life can only be about my comfort pleasure being right about stuff and feeling safe. Everything kind of fits in those broad categories. The thing is comfort pleasure etc (as much as I like and seek those things) have a short shelf life. Pleasure? Sure that was great now what? Comfort? yeah feeling comfy but pretty soon "something's missing" pops up. However when my life and thoughts are about others a whole new level of experiencing becomes possible. Maybe call it "aliveness"? It's a freedom and spontaneity and a feeling of "being in the zone". In short if my life's about me pretty soon it seems like my happiness lies "out there" is some imagined future circumstance. If my life's about you I'm already happy and satisfied here and now. again jfwiw 
There is another sub here called Stop Drinking it is such a positive supportive place. People are very kind...It really sucks that you had that experience with an Old Timer (a friend in my home group calls them "The Goddamned AA Police!).
"Happy joyous and free" has always been a relative/subjective term in my opinion. Have I always been happy joyous and free in sobriety? Fuck no. But compared to how I was when I was drinking I'm far *more* happy joyous and free. Gratitude at the forefront and all that; but it doesn't mean that things have always been easy or that I've always been content. I've gone through my darkest times sober and it's not fun when it happens...There are all different phases that we experience in sobriety. I think the important thing is that we have to remember that and not try to chase an old feeling from the past. Allow things to change and shift; be present with yourself as it happens so you can have a better understanding of what you need in order to be okay. At a basic level continue putting your best foot forward and more will be revealed to you with regard to how you can get to a better place where you are right now...On a more personal level: having that kind of extremely negative reaction with someone in AA can be really alarming especially because this is not the place where you first laid down your sober roots. It led to you stepping down from a commitment and away from a home group--seems pretty normal to me that it would throw you for a loop to the point where you're having trouble feeling connected. That might just be something you have to move through for now until things settle again and you find a different group to call home where you feel comfortable...Also as someone else suggested it might not be a bad idea to go through the steps with your sponsor if you haven't already or to begin reaching out to the newcomer more and seeing if you can be of service there. Doing the work with others requires a degree of vulnerability and going through that might help you connect with people better.
There are ups and downs in life and in recovery.  Things just don't stay the same - ever.  We tend to cling to things we like (home groups AA buddies AA patterns - read Pg 76 of the 12x12 - so when we move it is a big adjustment.   I moved several times in recovery and know exactly how you feel.  I even had to move overseas to non-English speaking countries.  There was a GREAT temptation to  sit it out .  I wrote a piece that appears in the 2018 Nov Grapevine entitled  Next to the Furniture Store  that you might take a look at if you can find a copy...The point is that I REALLY want to stay sober - and I REALLY need what is in these rooms whether I feel comfortable happy or not.   Stick it out and you will be happy again.  I guarantee it!..
