-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ax3cij/need_help/

To make a long story short I've been an alcoholic almost my whole life and in and out of sobriety bouts for about 5 years. My current therapist (among others my throughout the years) told me I really need to try going to AA meeting because they obviously can be really helpful for sobriety. I've been told this since I was 15 but I've been terrified and embarrassed to. I need help. I know I do. I don't think I can do this on my own anymore. I've been sober on my own before but I broke my sobriety over a year ago and my relapse has no end in sight. I've been researching AA and looking at local meeting times but I never bring myself to go to them. What I want to know is what it's like? Does it actually help? What does a sponsor do? Does it have to be religious? I'm pretty young will I be judged? 
----------immediate responses--------

Just go to a meeting and listen. You don't have to share if you don't feel like it. I have found them very helpful. 
Your first and hardest step is to walk in. Trust me I walked in last Tuesday for the first time. There is no judgment just know everyone there had to take the first step. Let me know how it goes mine is great it has helped so much. 
My counselor suggested I go to a meeting of AA but wisely would not tell me one thing about it I know why now my fearful  control freak brain would have taken ANYTHING she gave me and and worked on it and inflated it into a reason for not going...I ended up going and decided firsthand on the things i didn't like about AA and didn't go back until 4 years later when i was more beaten by alcohol and more hopeless than i had been previously this time i liked what i saw and heard and i stayed.
 Alcoholics Anonymous is a fellowship of men and women who share their experience strength and hope with each other that they may solve their common problem and help others to recover from alcoholism..    The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. There are no dues or fees for A.A. membership; we are self supporting through our own contributions. A.A. is not allied with any sect denomination politics organization or institution; does not wish to engage in any controversy; neither endorses nor opposes any causes. Our primary purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics to achieve sobriety. ..This is the preamble that you will hear at most A.A. meetings and it pretty much sums up what A.A. is all about. It is not a hierarchy there are no  leaders  or people that you will be held accountable to. It is a group of people that have the desire to get and to stay sober and this is aided by the practice of the 12 steps which is a program of recovery. The 12 steps are designed to guide you towards living a sober life through a variety of actions principles and suggestions. I could go more in depth but it's much better for you to decide for yourself if it is helpful to you. As for sponsorship a sponsor is someone that has been sober for a considerable amount of time (Usually a year) and has worked the 12 Steps with a sponsor of their own. They are no different than their sponsee just another alcoholic trying to stay sober and in sponsoring others they are enriching their own sobriety. A sponsor will typically ask you to be open to their suggestions but it is never  required  that you do anything they say. They are merely serving as a guide for your sobriety not as a teacher or authority figure. .As for the religious or spiritual parts of A.A. some people feel that A.A. is a religious program it is not. There is a component of A.A. that is spiritual and it is up to each member to find and decide how to interpret their own spiritual beliefs as it pertains to parts of their sobriety. Even this spiritual aspect is not required there are many atheist and agnostic members of A.A. that have found sobriety without the use of the spiritual nature of the program. I would say that the best thing you could do if you're interested is to just go to a couple meetings. One usually isn't enough to gain an informed opinion about A.A. Try to talk with people in the program there is not really any big secrets or anything intimidating about what goes on in A.A. and the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. Take care!
You won't be judged. You haven't done anything that anyone else hasn't. The meetings all differ but the common theme is a group of people who want to quit drinking. Go with an open mind and listen to what people say. People will talk to you and give you encouragement.  
After 25 years an Alcoholic and several thousands in therapists fees etc I went to my first AA meeting just over 6 months ago and haven't touched a drink since it's not been easy getting sober and facing all the mess I'd made but I could never have done it without AA. I had tried everything I could on my own but nothing worked. Your first meeting will completely change your mind over AA no one judges you and you will get support that you couldn't have imagined possible. 
I too was terrified and embarrassed about going to AA because it meant admitting that I was an alcoholic and that I was unable to take care of my drinking problem on my own. ..I now say I don't have to go to AA   I get to go to AA. It's the best thing in my life...To answer your questions: It's hard to say what it's like since every meeting is different but you'll hear something that relates to your personal experience in an eerie uncanny way. It helps enormously. A sponsor is simply someone with more experience than you who can help guide you through your sobriety journey including but not limited to taking you through the 12 steps. AA is spiritual not religious   no one will force you to believe in a God you don't believe in but those who connect with a higher power of their own understanding are the ones who make it. No one will judge you for being young   they'll admire you and maybe even envy you!
What's scarier continuing to live the way you're living or changing the way you live? For me I didn't think I wanted what the people in AA had... But it sure as hell looked better than what I had.
