-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/axcw92/i_got_five_months_last_friday/

I got five months last Friday. I feel like since my 90 days I was doing some kind of work and trying my hardest to be of service to others work the steps and just continue to do an inventory of myself but I had to take a real good look at my flaws this past weekend and I think the irritability and discontent of the days following 3 months has caught up to me. My older brother was my drinking friend and I saw him for the first time since I sobered up. And it still chokes me up to see how much it's changed him. Granted the fact that I'm in this relationship with another alcoholic who wants nothing to do with the program. He had 84 days and relapsed and I keep my program separate from his. It wasn't like that before but it's been really hard with work with finances and the fact that my family is withdrawn... the fact that since my bf relapsed that I feel like that person is back. I've tried leaving many times when it got pretty bad but he'd drink. I KNOW I'm not responsible. His reasons for drinking are his. But the accusations name calling and treatment is here. I've been doing well.. but last night as I was heaving and crying to my god to keep me sober I was so close to relapsing than I have ever been. And that feeling has carried over into today. The discontent and irritability. I'm trying to keep my side of the street clean and I read the book almost everyday.. but I'm tired of trying to be strong all the time. I know i just have to give it to God. I'm glad I'm sober today but I sense that I've got to take a course of action quickly or I'd crawl back into that bottle. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think the only way to do that is to steer clear of anybody who drinks like that or anybody WHILE they're drinking. That is until you're strong enough to resist the urges. 
/r/alanon ..Get away from these people. I'm an alcoholic and still need to work on my crippling co dependency issues. We've grown up in a world that tells us how to feel and when. As an alcoholic in recovery we need to focus on maintaining serenity. Staying enmeshed with people we used to drink with isn't healthy. Find some solace in your sponsor and in self care. Hey buddy minding your own business and living your own life those people are only going to drag you down and they don't need you as much as you may think they do. It'll be ok.
Congrats on the 5 months!! When I get this feeling I hit a few extra meetings. Surrounding myself around others in the program helps me personally. IF you can not make meetings get your phone list out and use it! My sponsor is my biggest cheerleader and help when I get into these situations. It may just help talking to someone about all of this and get it out of your head. We are here for you!
I can relate. I have 104 days. I feel so anxious today. Drugs and alcohol are in my house. It doesn't normally bother me. I know in sobriety I will feel things I've been avoiding by being as numb as possible. Going to reach out to my sponsor or someone in AA. The panic I'm feeling today is intense.
Double winner here. You might do well to become one too. (Go to both AA and Alanon)
