-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/axi7p7/after_30_years_drinking_im_celebrating_6_months/

It's a great day to be sober! ..I was able to quit (on my own) in the past but it never stuck. And I never had a confidence I could continue.  After my last relapse I decided to try out AA and I'm so grateful I did!  I still had the withdrawals at first but just being part of a great community and my sponsor holding me accountable made all the difference!  Now I'm much more spiritually grounded and I find the first 3 steps so important (I couldn't He could I decided to let him).  I'm continuing to work the rest of the steps along my journey and I actually enjoy it this time!..So far it's going great and I feel better every day.  I was just calculating the thousands of dollars I've saved in the last 6 months.  It's not the money on booze so much but not doing the stupid things while drunk that used to cost me so much!  Not to mention I've lost weight and my health feels so much better.  So for anyone thinking to give it a try please do!  Find a good group that you click with and go as often as you need to.  I'm pretty busy now so I can only go to meetings on Fridays but I do read my big book daily and of course do a daily serenity prayer and lots of other meditation on recovery and surrender to God to whom I give the credit. ..So I'm not exactly where I want to be but I thank God that I'm not where I used to be.  And every day I'm on my way and it's getting better and better. ..Thank you so much AA I love you guys.  I'll take another 24 hours. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done. Awesome progress. Keep coming back.  
How long did it take before you started feeling better?
Very inspiring. Way to go. Your sharing the experience may very well help others to give it a try.
Very exciting.  This is so cool. I vividly remember my first 6 months stick with it.  You're on a great journey. Congrats. 
Congrats on the 6 months. ODAAT
Excellent! Very happy for you.
Congrats!!!! IWNDWYT
That's awesome and encouraging!
Congratulations! 
Congrats!!! Keep up the good work!
Thanks for all the positive encouragement this is why I love AA :)..I do know that I have a disease for life and I will not relax too much in my recovery.  As I once heard someone say "just when we think we've got this disease beat and we're relaxing in our meetings our alcoholism is out in the parking lot doing push-ups and jumping-jacks just waiting for us to slip up."  ..So I feel good about my progress but I will definitely KEEP COMING BACK BECAUSE IT WORKS!  ..Peace God bless.  
After 20 years I have been sober 110 days. I love AA and try to go as much as possible. Congratulations on 6 months. I always find something that hits home. Keep coming back.
I too drank alcoholically  for 30 years and around six months is when my mental obsesson was removed permanently.  I haven't had a troubling thought about drinking in the 15 years since.
Great work I am a couple of weeks behind you! Keep on!!
Congratulations !
Took me about 30 years until I realized just how much alcohol was compromising my life. I knew it was of course but I didn't know all the ways. Best wishes. 
Holy shit dude congrats!! I hope I can be like you one day and I hope I can proudly say I'm sober!
Good job! I just hit 7mos myself yesterday. 
I am jealous.  I was looking at AA in my area last week.  In my head I compared it to scientology I get nervous about others judging me.  I can go 5-8 days w/o but then fall back into a routine and then hit it hard again for 5 days straight...I have a great job wife and kids.... I am scared I may lose something shortly.
Been drinking 21 years and every day for the last 3 years I'm literally on day 2 so I came here to find inspiration with you people. Thank you.
