-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/axq6rt/cult_watch/

if you are struggling with alcoholism do not join this cult. They will brainwash you prey off of you judge you criticize your thinking and ideas manipulate you rape you force you to worship a chair. 
----------immediate responses--------

I respectfully disagree with your feeling about this but you are welcome to your opinion. 
Sounds like your brain needs washing. 
lol
Ha ha ! nice one! thank you! I hope this was intended as funny because it gave me a laugh i sorely needed today......Rape you?...........worship a chair?....you mean doorknob? I have always hated that saying...But seriously you sound angry your claims are ridiculous so why don't you tell us what you are really angry about? Be specific. If you let this anger come between you and AA you will probably not get sober and will stay miserable a terrible way to live you don't deserve that.
These posts make me smile.  MK ultra Satanist witchcraft etc. It makes AA look so secretive and organized. Hell we had a chair rip off 3 grand from the group so he could marry his gf in Las Vegas. But there's definitely brainwashing.
Haha this is actually really funny once you read through all the comments! Honestly this sub needs the occasional injection of humor :).
Speaking of cults have you read The Cult That Cures? I found it helpful. It's a quick free read online...
Everyone has a right to be wrong. Maybe for some AA is wrong for some it works. ..With AA being in over 180 nations and about 120000 autonomous meetings and around for over 80 years something seems to be working. ..I agree that there are AA meetings which are somewhat to totally cultish. I agree that there are AA members who behave and act like they're in a cult. However taking the totality of two million members at 120000 meetings in 180 nations each with their own flavor and take on things AA does not fit the definition of a cult. ..What is the all or nothing psychopathology of everything about all of AA is the same that sounds not only delusional but cultish itself. I've been to AA meetings in 36 US States about half of Canada throughout Mexico Central and South America Europe parts of Africa and the Middle East I've found AA to be quite diverse in flavor and practice. ..I wonder if the  Just don't do drugs  philosophy works either. Without several drugs I'm prescribed I would be dead. Once just don't do all drugs is part of that black and white all or nothing mindset found in cults authoritarian and totalitarian dictatorships as well as mindless followers of cult leaders. I enjoy the diversity AA affords me everywhere I've gone. 
No psychotropic medications here. However I won't give up my time at the gym or sexual activity or anything involving the release of mind altering endorphins. ..Oh another sign of being a member of a cult is like your ad hominem remark about mental illness. ..Have a nice day unless you've made other plans. 
This is the prima facie reason I prefer face-to-face support efforts as opposed to anything on-line. Many of these responses by obvious miscreants who are here other than the obvious psychological deficits are meant to cause harm and deprecation towards people who might actually be genuinely seeking help. ..At least at an in-person event the group would be able to address the individual(s) and if necessary eject them from the meeting before possibly causing irreparable harm to a vulnerable newcomer. ..The anonymity of on-line interaction emboldens those whose sole purpose is harm towards others with no real recourse. But then again this is the internet and not for all intents and purposes reality. Caveat Emptor to the newcomer and anyone who might be vulnerable. ..Beware of the vultures and predators who have yet to deal with obvious psychopathology and who wait until they feel the need to pounce on the unsuspecting. 
We only do that to complete whack jobs. Did it hurt much?
lol! If it makes you feel smarter by all means.
You know I'm starting to get the sneaking suspicion that OP u/doctafuckinj is not in fact a medical doctor. 
