-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ay9con/recovered_alcoholic_vs_recovering_alcoholic_and/

Hi all..I've been in the rooms officially since 2007. I had a stint of sobriety in 2014 in which I stayed sober for about a year and a half. The longest sober streak I've ever held to date. Late in 2015 I relapsed and never made it past 30 days--even till today...I finally came back in the rooms the other night and I met some fellow old timers which was really nice...I noticed with the old timers they use the term "recovered alcoholic" (mind you most of these old timers had 30+ years sober) however the newer folks continue to say they are "recovering alcoholics."..When did this begin to change? I also hear a lot about "permanent sobriety" said amongst the old timers which is nice but I never hear that term used anymore...I know an old timer (who doesn't have much time left to live) who was connected with the original 100 members of Alcoholics Anonymous and he does his best to carry the original message to alcoholics today...My question is at what point are we "recovered?" Does "permanent sobriety" still exist?..Based on reading and research it seems that the original memebers stuck with sobriety until their deaths thus giving birth to the idea of permanent sobriety. That's just my supposition...Can anyone chime in? Old timers or those connected with the roots of the program? All responses are welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

I've never heard of  recovered  or  permanent sobriety . Maybe it's cultural what part of the country are you in? I'm 7yrs sober and first entered a meeting 32years ago. The day I think I'm recovered or have permanent sobriety is probably the day I die or drink again. 
My copy of the big book seems to use the word "recovered". Quite a few times. ..I know that speakers who introduce themselves as "recovered" make it part of their talk and it's meant to illicit some sort of response from the crowd. I thought it was just mostly meaningless semantics till I saw arguments erupt over it. ..We have recovered. We have but a daily reprieve. Who knows...
Relapse being a part of recovery became a popular mantra starting in the 1970s and escalated during the rise of the treatment industry and NA. The first so-called  promise  in AA's Basic Text is on the title page where it says this is the story of how many thousands of men and women have recovered from alcoholism. Throughout AA's Basic Text it uses the word Recovered and only in one instance did it use the word recovering and that was in reference to a new member. ..Over the years I've met hundreds of long-term members whose sobriety dated back from 1938 to the 1960's. Many of these introduced themselves or considered themselves recovered. At one point I was at a gathering of members whose sobriety began prior to 1950. There were over 130 people there and most introduced themselves as recovered. ..Unfortunately with the boom of the treatment industry and other fellowships where relapse was more the norm and relapse was better for business and fear-based recovery became part of the lexicon relapse was part of the recovery process. ..If you are shot and go to hospital to be patched up you usually will recover from that bullet wound. You will have recovered from a potentially life threatening condition. Being recovered doesn't mean you have become bullet proof. ..I have recovered from broken bones illnesses major surgeries etc. - that doesn't mean I am impervious or immune to the conditions ever happening again. I live my life one day at a time. Permanent is contingent upon if I continue breathing past midnight. Nothing lasts forever in life. ..I consider myself recovered as did my sponsor and as did his sponsor. As long as I don't find the need to pick up a drink or as my sponsor always described it -  resign and resume  my recovery will be permanent. 
If you have taken the Steps and have had the 10th Step promises come to fruition in your life - the obsession (our real problem that always brings us back to the drink) has been removed from you - you are a recovered alcoholic...That state is only maintained and grown by the daily maintenance of 10 11 and 12 as outlined in our spiritual program of action. ..In my opinion the reason why the fellowship has strayed from this as evidenced by even one of the commenters on this thread is because people aren't reading the book Alcoholics Anonymous in which the program is laid out and upon which the fellowship is based. It's never made sense to me and there are innumerable contributing factors but if someone claims to be a sober member of Alcoholics Anonymous and they've never heard that you can recover and that the program offers a pathway to permanent sobriety I can't imagine they've read the book...The people who wrote it took the Steps in a matter of days with the desperation of dying men and the focus was permanent sobriety.
It says it in the big book on page 84-85. 
Recovered vs. recovering is one of the intellectual debates in AA. It doesn't matter. ..I'd suggest you worry about staying sober today getting a sponsor and taking the steps.  If you do that there will be plenty of time for mental masturbation via debate. If you don't get a sponsor and take the steps it's unlikely you'll be either recovered or in recovery for long. 
"What we really have is a daily reprieve contingent on the maintenance of our spiritual condition"..I guess we can all call that whatever we want. I've witnessed the arguments. I know that for me the only part of me that would have any interest in using the "right" term is my ego and my self-righteousness. When I see people arguing and "being right" about this type of stuff I just get that "there but for grace go I" feeling of gratitude. 
I have recovered from a hopeless state of mind and body. I am once again of service to my fellow man. I am no longer actively dying and my desire to drink has been arrested one day at a time which is contingent on my spiritual condition. I am a product of a treatment center and they push  recovery  but the big book talks in terms of recovered. I believe today I am a recovered alcoholic but I can change that at any time by taking the first drink and starting the phenomenon of craving. 
I believe firmly that I have a chronic disease. Similar to diabetes alcoholism is with me for life. However unlike diabetes alcoholism goes into remission when we get sober and work a program. My alcoholism has been in remission for over 36 years. I still consider that I am a recovering alcoholic. I am convinced that if I started drinking again eventually I would become powerless over my life and misery would return multiplied. For this reason I have not taken the first drink for over three decades. ..To think of myself as "recovered" minimizes the chronic nature of alcoholism. 
This is usually a pointless argument over what people's interpretations of the 2 words are. In the discussions I have been present for people just have small differences in meaning that they feel are expressed better by one word over another and these differences are so small as to make the discussion a waste of time in my opinion but it does not seem to stop people...When it is brought up tongue in cheek is when i can appreciate it the most don't take this too seriously...I guess the most interesting thing is to hear all of the different responses to this question that we all bring to the table THAT i find interesting maybe that is why this argument has never been settled.
A lot of stuff gets repeated almost endlessly in meetings. Some of the ones I think are misguided are likely other people's favorites. On those occasions where I'm hearing way to much that I find objectionable I usually change meetings...There are meetings where relapse is a part of recovery is seldom heard. The context where I hear it and am not to bothered by it is when it is said to comfort someone returning to meetings after relapse. Said often without a supporting context I got to admit it bugs me...I have to try to not be overly critical at meetings. There are several dozen AA 'mantras' that can rub me the wrong way. Sometimes I have to just quit paying attention to them to get benefit from meetings...There are AA meetings and people very oriented to practicing AA the way it was in the good old days but that approach can be problematic in its own way. This is 2019. 1945 AA was different in part because everything in 1945 was different in AA and outside of AA. Medicine and psychotherapy had almost nothing to offer alcoholics then. The whole world had a shared monoculture. White male bread winners were boss. Everybody read the same newspapers and listened to the same radio shows...I don't mind the back to the basics folks within AA just think it isn't going to work for everybody. AA can't really live in a time capsule though and I need to tolerate that a lot of people are going to be doing it their own way. Sometimes in ways I consider kind of wrong or off.
We recover when the obsession has been lifted. And to stay recovered we must continue to do our maintance (steps 101112 everyday. Once we work the steps all 12 in order honestly fearlessly and thoroughly and the obsession is removed its no longer about not drinking and using we now continue to work the steps as a design for living. A new way of living. 
