-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ayjj0p/i_need_some_advise/

Ok so I'm 19  about to be 20 in a month and I drink about a handle of vodka every other day meaning I drink about half a handle a night if I'm not stuck at work. I e. Been told by multiple girlfriends that I've had that I have a drinking problem and one relationship( my most recent ) has actually ended because of the results of what I did while I was drinking and I just need some advise on how younger people who struggle with self control have managed to dial themselves back. I enjoy drinking and I do really wanna quit as a whole I just wanna be able to drink and pace myself and not drink a handle in one night and wake up with no memory the next day. I currently am typin this after drinking 2/3 a handle since noon since I had the day off and I know it's a problem I just don't know how to do anything about it. Even when I tell myself I'll only have 1 or 2 shots I end up drinking wayyyyy more. Any advice is appreciated and thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Note I'm not trying to make excuses for anything I've done to alcohol  that's all on me  I just need some advise on how to slow this down before it gets out of hand 
Go to an AA meeting and throw that out there that you wanna learn how to control that drinking of yours. It be worth it...
I could rarely have one or two drinks and when I did it wasn't any fun I wanted 56789 etc. ..I found what I needed in the rooms of AA. You should check out a meeting there's a lot of people who are really knowledgeable about this topic and can help with your situation. ..
Sorry to say It's sounds like you have past the point of no return..
AA is a quit drinking completely program.  It's for people who can't moderate. 
What worked with me was to listen to people like me talk about their drinking how it started how it progressed what they felt like what they did to try and control it how it took them over in the end...When I had heard enough of these I saw clearly what i had suspected was true I was at the beginning of a terrible progression of alcoholism and being able to see it and given the option of a solution that works was something i could not say no to...I got all of this at AA meetings oh also free coffee of varying qualities  :)
Thanks for the post man. ..A few things for you here:..- Alcoholics Anonymous is a fellowship based on a book of the same name. The book is available free in the App Store and online in PDF form. With it you can quickly read a few sections (Bill's Story the Doctor's Opinion and More About Alcoholism) and self-diagnose as either a moderate drinker a hard drinker or a real alcoholic. If you read the first three chapters of the book you'll arrive at page 44 which will in the first paragraph give you precise directions on self-diagnosis. ..- The Book Alcoholics Anonymous contains the 12 Step program of recovery which is a concise pathway for real alcoholics to recover from a hopeless state of mind and body. It does not contain any information on controlling drinking or managing your drinking as it is addressing people who cannot physically control their drinking and must practice complete abstinence. That complete abstinence is maintained and made possible by the rearrangement in thinking and perception brought on by the 12 Steps laid out in the book...- At one point in our basic text there is a suggestion that an active drinker who is unsure of his ability to control his alcohol intake try some  controlled drinking  to see how he does. The advice is to attempt having only 2 drinks then to stop abruptly. Do this multiple times. See what happens. The advice is that it may be worth a bad case of shaky nerves or other agitation to see if when you honestly set out to drink only the specific amount you decided to drink you can stick to that amount or not. ..- If you DO find that you are a real alcoholic there is great hope for you. The 12 Step program laid out in the book when followed strictly produces a massive upheaval internally which results in you overcoming the state of irritability restlessness and discontent which repeatedly leads you back to drinking.
Many people start their recovery journey by looking to be able to drink without consequences. So many stories of people who changed types of booze trying to only drink on weekends drink enough not to lose relationships/jobs whatever. I think your drinking almost a half gallon of vodka blacking out and other things you've said goes beyond that of just a problem drinker. I'm sure you've tried moderation or changing behaviors and you may have met with a modicum of short lived success. You are still young and your body bounces back. Do you really want to get to the point where your body doesn't bounce back or develops irreparable damage? ..I can't say you need AA only you can have a desire to stop (not just slow down) drinking. I don't hear that desire in what you wrote.  Until you do try to moderate your drinking and let's hope things don't get worse. 
Ok so when I got sober I was younger than you..If you think you might have a problem you probably do in my experience. Go to a young peoples meeting say you have a desire to stop drinking.  
As someone that is 23.... that started at your age. It started as  I'm just a fun person that's WHO I am!  I remember going to an AA meeting when I was 20 and scoffing to myself  I've never been fired from a job for drinking .... I shit you not the next day I got fired.... because of my drinking (I did sales for a restoration company)...  I remember people telling me (BTW even doctors)  you're young! You're only 19-21 You're supposed to drink like this! . (Me drinking about a third of a handle a day).. But that's not true.  And honestly the scariest thought about thinking that you are under control after all this time is that that's what people think before they get in the car.... before they hurt themselves... before they hurt someone else..... there is a very fine line so fine that it battles life and death that being either your life or someone else's life... and I hope that's not what gets you to wake up. 
This book explains a different approach than AA. I found it very helpful - 1 month without alcohol after heavy daily use (lots and lots of vodka) for 15 years+. ..This Naked Mind: Control Alcohol: Find Freedom Rediscover Happiness and Change Your Life
Have you heard about the Sinclair Method or medication treatment for alcohol addiction? It changed and saved my life. There's a subreddit about it r/Alcoholism_Medication...I took naltrexone and it slowly allowed me to reduce my drinking and stop over drinking. It took away my cravings and now 1.5 years later I'm 7 months sober. I don't want or think about alcohol at all anymore. I wish you the best and I think it's great you are having awareness of this at a young age. 
I'm so sorry you're going through this. Going to an AA meeting is really scary but find a friend to go with you. They don't have to be an alcoholic to sit with you and be there to support you and hold your hand. .As a 22 year old who had the same issue as you do at the age of 19 do it now before you turn 21. It will get worse once you can get alcohol whenever you want. 
