-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ayu4nt/relapse_missed_work_doctors_note/

So I recently relapsed and miss about a week or two of work. My employer is asking for a doctors note. Will a doctor provide a note for this? I have been to treatment before and am back working the program. Not just for work but because the hell of addiction was just too much for me.
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe you'd have to ask your doctor.  ..My doctor is pretty blunt. If I asked him for a note he'd likely say something like  What do you want me to tell them that you were drunk all week so you didn't go to work? 
In the US under HIPAA rules your employer may not be able to ask specifics about why you were out. If you have a physician I would suggest he or she be asked to write a note saying you are physically able to return to work. They don't have to give a reason you were out. ..However the physician is not obligated to write such a note. If this happens again after a couple of days call your doctor and let them know what is going on and that you can't work. The physician may recommend treatment or detox after examining you. If you just ask your doctor for a note without him/her seeing you that would be asking the doctor to make a false statement on an official document as they didn't examine you to determine you were indeed  sick  and couldn't work. They could lose their license to practice. 
I'd say get back into treatment now as a preemptive measure and to try and protect your job that's a significant amount of time to simply not be at work or check-in 
I'm sure if it's the first or even second time talk to your employer h/s will probably understand.
If you are trying to get sober by following the 12 steps you might think about being honest with your employer:.. I have a problem and i did not come to work and I know this is grounds for being fired but I want to stay sober with or without this job and this is what i am going to do ( attend meetings regularly return to treatment see counselor etc ). I am sorry for any inconvenience i have caused you and I will try and do better in the future if you let me stay. 
When I went on my last run before getting sober the day that I hit rock bottom and knew I needed to get sober I was honest with my employer and they gave me time off to get my shit together. In my experience honesty and transparency work the best. 
