-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ayxn4l/im_at_a_total_loss_and_i_need_some_help/

I need someone to talk to I need a friend and a shoulder to cry on right now...I'm nearly 11 months clean and sober from opiates my drugs of choice were heroin and fentanyl...My girlfriend is a recovering alcoholic and cocaine addict. She has been sober for about 7 months and then yesterday out of nowhere she threatens me that she might not come home tonight and that shes gunna go celebrate finally getting her driver's license. I told her that she would come home to an empty house because I would leave if she used either alcohol or cocaine. She said she didnt care called me a few names and left. She came home sober a few hours later. Well I got home from running some errands today to her freaking out yelling at me and calling me all kinds of names and telling me shes leaving me and that shes going to the bar tonight and that she deserves to drink and let loose and that itll be fine because she can control it now and that itll be a one time thing again I told her if she does I wont be here when she gets back. ...I have absolutely no idea what to do. I'm completely out of ideas and options. ...I got clean and have not had any relapses no slips literally nothing. And even when I was at my lowest points during my early stages of recovery i knew if I fucked up and fell off I would lose my relationship and my kids. I would lose my family and that me relapsing was telling them that I cared more about drugs than my family. Losing my relationship didnt just mean losing my girlfriend it also ment losing my best friend my confidant my rock...My partner doing the same thing to me as my father did is destroying me inside. Her mother did it to her as well so I dont understand why she would do it to me I dont understand how she can be okay with doing it to me and making me feel that way. How is she able to justify her actions to herself and how dense can she be to think the pathetic excuses shes trying to give me will possibly make sense to me.  ..I would never do this to my family yet here she is doing it to us. ..I feel sick to my stomach I'm ready to vomit I'm a nervous wreck and I deserve so much better. I wish love wasnt a real thing. if somebody told me this is what I was going to endure by being with her. I never would've even looked at her let alone spoke to her..
----------immediate responses--------

If you're an alcoholic and want to stop drinking AA can help. If your an addict with relationship problems you're in the wrong sub.  
If u are willing to go to anylengths to stay sober you will. U can't fix others. Work on u. Get to a meeting. Get a sponsor. Work the steps. ....I've been at her place and yours. We always think we can control the boozedrugs. Until we don't. It never works. Eventually it will stop working all together and the misery there is worse. So work u and go to any lengths. Good luck
I am very sorry...She is sick...You can't fix her...See /r/Alanon. A support group for you family and friends of alcoholics. 
Hang in there please
