-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/azaiyw/drinking_again_after_6_monthsnot_sure_about_going/

I made it over 6 months and did really well for about 4 of them. Then I completely screwed up....my meds. I have had bipolar disorder for 20 years. My main mood stabilizer came in a new pill shape last month and I misread the bottle...thought I only need 1 tablet rather than 2. It took me two weeks to realize it and during that time I fell into a very dark suicidal depression. Around day 11 I started drinking. I had tried everything AA suggests and saw my counselor but I was ready to die anyway so I drank. In 1 week I've drank 4 out of 7 nights. My meds are restabalized now and I feel much better. I'm still powerless over alcohol though and know I can't quit without help. ..I think about going to a meeting multiple times a day but I can't fathom doing it anymore without sharing my very real and true story of inheriting a severe mental illness that precedes me by at least 2 generations. IT IS REAL!  If you don't believe in that hit the X at the top left please. I really don't need or want your advice...I need help dealing with this from people who have been in AA awhile and can/have recognized that mental illness gets shrugged off and people are treated as though they are not sober enough or good enough if they "buy in" to mental illness. I tried AA once about 12 years ago and left before 30 days because the women in there insisted my only issue was alcohol and I needed to get off meds. This time around I have witnessed people saying the same to others and even had 1 girl tell me that her sponsor said to walk out of the room if one particular women came in because "she has bipolar disorder and is crazy for real"..It's pointless for me to go back and not tell my authentic story. 1. I can't heal if I'm hiding  and 2. I volunteer with a mental and suicide prevention org and am getting more and more involved in sharing my story. That gets covered by the local news so the word will get out. THIS right here is important. After decades of suicidality and fighting it I've finally committed to not be frozen by the stigma of bipolar disorder and let people think what they will. But this doesn't seem to apply to AA. People in there can be ignorant as$$e$. When I go I need help not judgement b.s. ideas about how I "just wanted to drink more than I wanted to be sober" or generally that I wasn't working the program so no wonder I relapsed and am now looking for an excuse. That WILL be a big part of going back. I was working the program...ask my sponsor. I was happy being sober and suddenly lost it. I really need help and not to be beat up!!!! I don't know what to do. Do I go and hide this stuff? Is there some other option? If I go and people are insensitive or deny my reality I can't see any way it will help. Advice without judgement is appreciated...P.S. through my volunteer work I've come to understand that the majority of people don't "get" what it's like to be suicidal. Please try and understand that it isn't just sadness or even typical depression. Its truly true insanity and cannot be thought or wished away...Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Unfortunately the rooms of AA mirror the rest of society in that mental illness is not well understood. You will encounter people who think it's not real and you will encounter people who think that their brief experience with situational depression is the same as a serious psychiatric condition that is resistant to treatment. You have no control over what those people think or say. Even when they are speaking generally and not about you specifically it still hurts to hear. Accepting what we do have control over (ourselves) and what we don't have control over (everyone else) is one of the hardest but most valuable lessons we learn in AA...That said everyone in an AA meeting does not need to know all of your medical information. Share in a general way in meetings. Say you drank at a time when you were struggling but now you are back and talk about what you are doing to prevent another relapse and how you are applying the principles of the program in your life. Announcing a medical or psychiatric diagnosis to an entire meeting full of people is unnecessary and risky. Keeping your personal medical information to yourself is not hiding it in my opinion. No one needs to know what medications you have been prescribed by your doctor...As long as you have a sponsor and some trusted sober friends who understand everyone is irrelevant.
From my experience there are very few people in the program who do not have some sort of mental health condition or some other type of disorder. Don't be ashamed of your condition and don't allow it to dictate your journey back into sobriety. My sponsor who is one of my best friends has a myriad of mental health issues and has maintained almost 9 years of quality sobriety. As a side note fuck what people's opinions are. If they don't place principles before personalities then they are a shitty example of AA. 
In our area there are meetings specifically for dual diagnosis.
I have been sober for 7 years now and I struggle with depression and anxiety and take non-narcotic medications for these issues. My struggles with mental health started long before my issues with alcohol and other substances. The big book is pretty clear about encouraging people to seek outside help from professionals and it specifically mentions psychiatrists. I live in Phoenix and for the most part people are very open minded about mental health issues in AA here. I would also agree that most people who struggle with substance abuse also struggle with mental health issues so you represent the majority honestly. I have noticed that when I share in meetings about my struggles with mental health most of the time at least one person will talk to me after and thank me because they struggle also. If you share about it you will probably help others and find people to connect with. Is there a large AA community where you are? 
I've found that the people in AA are overwhelmingly supportive of me. This does not mean that they cosign my bs; on the contrary more often than not it means they're going to call me on it because to let me carry on without doing so would be a disservice to me...There are multiple attitudes in AA about taking psych meds but where I live the prevailing one is "talk to your Dr and sponsor and take as directed." Other than that it's none of anyone else's business...What I find questionable is that you don't want to go back to AA because you're afraid of what people will think. What does it MATTER what other people think? Is it worth your serenity? Your life?..I am also bipolar. Guess what? If you're drinking while on these meds you are not getting the full effect of your meds. There is no way around that. So the more you self-medicate with alcohol the less you are benefiting from your medications...Secondly this is a self-imposed crisis. We should always be our own best advocate. There have been times when I've had to correct my own doctors about what I'm taking and the dosage so I had better know what it is I'm taking and how much. I hope that from now on you will be more careful because this can very well be life and death to us...In the end: either you will get sick and tired of being sick and tired and want to do something about it or you won't. I hope you do though.
Fuck that really. If anyone in a meeting chalked up my mental health (or lack there of) to drinking that is complete BS. ..If you can't share those struggles in your home group it sounds like it is time to find a new group. I firmly believe being alcoholic is a symptom of mental illness. Not causing it and most definitely it helping. 
I always refer bi-polar suicidal alcoholics who can't stay sober for long to Smart Recovery. You'll feel much more comfortable there and can talk about your struggles and the various answers you're trying as you go along. Go to their website and see if there's a meeting in your State.
