-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/azqcmn/forceful_sponsor_should_i_switch/

So a little background into me. I'm  31/M I just got 2 years sober 10 days ago had an OK sponsor for almost all of my sobriety but he was never really there to take my calls or call me back. So I switched sponsors close to my 2 year mark...Now I have learned a few things about this guy. First he has a huge ego from sponsoring a lot of guys over the course of 30 years and being very successful in his business life even though he's currently broke. He shares very well in meetings which made it easy to ask him but once one on one with him he no longer guides and suggests things he superimposes his will and perspective based on his own experiences. Which is my main problem with how he does things. He fails to see how sobriety is a personal journey and thus makes my journey HIS personal journey to fiddle with and poke fun at. ..He's not really a spiritual guide at all like every other guy that has sponsored me (I had 7.5 years of relapse). He's more of a coach that constantly corrects the way I'm thinking by saying "this is how you REALLY feel ok?" Which is one of his favorite phrases. And if I correct him by saying "no that's not the way I really am thinking about it at all" he just laughs and insists more and more until he gets his way or just dismisses my perspective. Should I switch sponsors again?
----------immediate responses--------

From what you've written it sounds like this guy isn't helping you. If it was me I'd totally switch. As you said this is your journey and you need to do what's best for you!..Good luck and amazing achievement for 2 years. I hope to be where you are one day soon!..IWNDWYT 
Switch as soon as you can. This chap's ego will get in the way of your continued recovery. You are doing so well and the last thing that you need is to worry or build resentments...Congratulations and well done so far. I know that you will continue on your path. Stay well my friend.
Fire his ass..  .   .NY his actions I can see he obviously isn't working the AA program. . .I tried for years to get sober listening to some dumb fuck egomaniac mental patient tell me what to do. . .All of them did shot that wasn't in the program just their ideas. . .When I came back this time for the 30th time I said fuck this I don't care who says what I'm going to pretend like I mail ordered the big book read it and follow the directions. Been doing that successfully for over a decade now. . .No where in the book does it say to get some weirdo drunk door addict to run our lives. .In fact it didn't tell me to get a sponsor at all. .In fact it told me to go out and help others not to ask for help. . . .Bill W always called Eby his sponsor Eby didn't stay sober so I highly doubt Bill was following Ebys direction..  .I have close friends who I can speak to in AA because that's very important but I don't have a sponsor. .If I found someone Id like to work with I'd ask to do the steps with them or something but that sponsor/sponsee relationship is like boss and employee more often than not. . .Its better to have no sponsor than a bad sponsor. 
My sponsor only tells me his experience when I'm dealing with something he has in sobriety. But mostly he directs me to the big book and boils down much of his wisdom to me to help other people. ..No one in AA has any original ideas if they're practicing the program. If they do it's best to be real careful. 
The entire point of sponsorship is to teach others the 12 Steps. If he's not doing that playing so ego-driven guru game find someone else...Ignore clean time and find someone who  has what you want.  If someone is 45 days sober has had a spiritual awakening as the result of the 12 Steps and is sponsoring people they can absolutely offer you everything a sponsor is supposed to offer you...If someone has 35 years clean or dry and has not had that experience as the result of the Steps what good are they as a sponsor to someone who has decided their very life depends upon growing and maintaining their spiritual experience?
You want a listening post who won't tell you how they see things. Plenty of guys like that are available. The issue with this guy is that he's in a position of making his case and you are not. You write that he fiddles with your stuff and pokes fun at it. That indicates he hasn't come to care about your tender feelings and is being impartial giving you a disinterested viewpoint. That's valuable. But if he doesn't stop there and oversteps that point imo he's wrong in having expectations of you to agree. That indicates he's immature...You could let the relationship grow and see where it goes or continue your search for the perfect sponsor. 
We have those guys around here.  I knew a guy just like your describing.  He preached at a meeting then went home and beat his wife with a hammer.  But hey progress not perfection 
I find that people who care about how amazing they feel to others can make the worst sponsers much of everything in their lives is premeditated and about them and how they appear sharing is no different...Every time i share I do my best to speak authentically and genuine and not try to stockpile some pre-canned package on the topic. ..There are some people that literally say the same thing the same way every meeting day in and day out if that isn't insanity and self obsession then idk what is. I pray for them...Experience strength and hope. 
Is his name Brendan?
