-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b18nee/need_advice_im_going_on_a_12th_step_call_tomorrow/

My friends father was sober for 17 years in AA and a millionaire.  He relapsed 7 years ago and has been homeless for 4 years living on the streets. My sponsor and I are going to see him tomorrow night In the hospital when i get off work. I'm nervous because I've never done this before I'm 24 years old and 2 years sober and my sponsor is 22 years sober. What do i say to this man? He knows AA and has a huge resentment.  Please help!
----------immediate responses--------

We just share our experiences and listen to theirs. .We are not doctors healers or spiritual gurus. .We don't talk down to or up to anyone as we are all alcoholics at different places in recovery/alcoholism..   .So long as you don't play God (opinions and advice) and trust God listen and share your experience if relatable you'll be fine. .
Ask him if he really wants to continue living this way...Try to understand his resentments and communicate that they are likely directed and people not the program...I'm not sure what to say really! I've always been a little confused by these calls. We can't force anyone to be ready. We know the answer but we can only show the person the door...Hopefully this will make him realize what's at stake - but in the end if he wants to continue that's his choice and don't we have to respect that?
Just share what you feel to be relevant. Don't feel like it is on you to do or say things that are perfectly right...&gt;He knows AA and has a huge resentment...Talking to people about their AA resentments can be tough stuff. AA is an amateur unorganized unregulated self help organization. If someone wants to talk about bad meetings and bad actions by AA members I wouldn't try to refute anything they say because I wasn't there. I'd just say the positives you've experienced and that you are sorry they experienced what they did. You are there to share experience strength and hope. Letting things become a debate won't help him or you...Talk about the relief and benefits you got as you went through the steps and followed the instructions in the Big Book. Some people are never going to choose 12 step recovery and it isn't on us if they don't.  Also I'm sure your sponsor will have some good advice before you go in.
You may need to listen first.  If he is receptive you could share your own experience as a drunk explaine what happened to you and describe what you are like today.
If he's ready you can't say anything wrong. If he's not ready you can't say much right. It's in God's hands.
Share your experience strength and hope. That's about it.  If he had anytime at all he knows what's up and why you're there.  Perhaps your presence will ignite the spark again. You just never know. And maybe he's tired of being tired. Say a prayer and walk into the room. Good luck. 
All you can do is let him know you are there to be with him. That AA will welcome him home and he doesn't have to be alone. Listen to him without prejudice. Let him vent. He will make up his own mind in the end. 
Oh and dope username!... . .Love ODB method..... Classic shit 
Tell him the truth. Tell him you're unsure of what to say or if anything you say will help him. Also let him know that by your being there he is helping you stay sober another day and thank him for that. Then shut up and let him make the next move. 
He crossed the 11 year line from which very few people are able to come back and regain sobriety for long. His chances are less than other newcomers. You're being of service in making the call and that will benefit you. Lose the idea that anything you say can change things for this poor man...The slimest of chances exists that he may surround himself with those who are able to stay sober longer than he was and learn from them how that's done. Overwhelmingly more likely that he won't and has little time left.
