-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b1dzjb/120_days_sober/

This is my 5th/6th time of starting over. Relapsing and having to start all over is a humbling and daunting experience. A lot of the credit for my continued and renewed commitment goes to my amazing and supportive significant other. Her patience love and understanding have been essential on this path. ..Thank you to this community. On days when it feels like a drink will solve whatever issue is in my path this community is there to offer help encouragement kind words and occasionally a bit of much needed and appreciated tough love. This path to sobriety is an arduous one. It requires constant focus but I'm truly appreciative and grateful to all the people in this sub who've shared their success and their failures. ..My 120 days would not have been possible without all of you. For that I'm eternally grateful for finding this program so many years ago and stumbling on this sub when I was at my lowest. Thanks for reading. Have an amazing day. We all deserve that. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats. It gets easier. 
Proud of you keep it up. Gives me more hope for myself. 
I'm just curious how long did you have sober between each relapse? Also what were your relapses like? Was it like a full blown sleeping-in-the gutter-getting-fired-from-your-job-going-to-jail etc. crazy affair or more of a night where you had a few beers with buddies or what? I'm only curious because of a few conversations recently with people and my own previous attempts at getting/staying sober. Disclaimer: not looking to redefine what relapse is or excuse an occasional "indiscretion" for myself or anything like that.  ...Either way 120 days is great and you're ahead of me! Congrats!
Do you have a sponsor?  What step are you on?
Just carry on  Better Day's Ahead  take care ..&amp;#x200B;
HOPE YOU RELAPSE. You're mom is the one who should've killed you. Piece of shit. ..129 dAyS sObeR duuurrr so good. ..Get your shit together. Loser. 
