-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b1gcab/struggling_a_bit_could_use_some_feedback/

Hi all! I'm a 42 yo married F and I've been sober since Jan 22nd. I've been sober before over the past 15 years but this is the first time I've been off certain medications. I stopped taking Gabapentin under doctors care after about 7 years. I didn't realize it was actually helping my mood disorder and now I'm feeling awful. I have no motivation to do anything low energy and not happy. I don't want to drink or hurt myself I just feel blah. I got a new sponsor yesterday and we are getting together this weekend. I'm on my 8th step and my previous sponsor encouraged me to get moving to make amends because that's where I'm going to start feeling better. I'm already making some effort in the way of living amends to my husband and son but this slump is making it difficult for me to follow through on action. Maybe I'm partially feeling sorry for myself maybe I'm being too hard on myself. I don't know but I do know that I need this to pass. Prayers are welcome and so are some loving suggestions please    ..I go to about five meetings a week one Alanon meeting a week read everyday from the Big Book pray workout and am really trying. I think I'm going to reach out to psychiatry honestly. I can't maintain this way.
----------immediate responses--------

Sponsor? Check. Actively working the steps? Check. Going to meetings? Check. Working on your recovery after meetings? Check...You are doing AMAZING. Please don't take the foot off the gas now (it's like flying a plane; you can't just turn the engines off mid-flight)...Regarding your low energy and depression - on one hand you are only 40ish days in so that's not abnormal at all. On the other hand you were on an anti-depressant and stopped taking it. Although it was under a doctor's care they probably want to know how you are feeling right now. If there's an underlying imbalance you need medication to fix it. AA is great but it's can't cure cancer in the same way it cannot fix clinical depression. Some things need proper physical care. Talk to your doctor!..I can't tell you if it's:.- A symptom of alcohol PAWS and will get better with time.- A symptom of an underlying chemical imbalance/depression.- A symptom of coming off Gabapentin after so long...I do know that it's quite normal to feel how you do. I just don't want to tell you to plug through it if there's something else at play.
I'm not sure what your mood disorder is (not my business) but I know that no amount of effort of any kind on my part will counteract the chemical imbalance that I have in my brain :). I've had a lower-grade consistent depressive condition for years WAY before I ever had a drinking problem. Sobering up has really helped me feel better overall in life but I still have to take my medication or I'm all over the place.
Hang in there.  Last July I got off of alcohol pain pills and benzos.  It took a month to feel even remotely human 3 months to stop feeling crazy I was depressed unmotivated and flat all I did was watch TV when I wasn't at work or a meeting.  There is a term Andhedonia the absence of joy that felt true for me. My body and brain were so busy healing they didn't have much time for anything else.  Around 4-6 months everything started getting a lot better and now at 8 months I feel better than I can ever remember.  ..Please be kind to yourself Getting sober is HARD!! Have faith that if you stay sober your life will get better.  Bring up what you are feeling in a meeting that helped me. Give yourself a break and feel good that you go to bed sober- that is a huge accomplishment for an alcoholic like me. Time takes time and how you are feeling now will pass.  the laundry and and dishes will still be there but if you don't stay sober your family may not be or your self respect...Recovery takes time patience and effort and it sounds to me like you are going strong.  Good luck feel free to PM if you need a friend :)
