-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b24rzu/drinking_dreams/

Drinking in my dreams. All the pain and hate and fear and shame piled on me. Woke up in a sweat. But sober. ..Concerned this is a relapse in the making but damn glad to still have my 3 month red chip in my pocket and don't have to get a white chip again. ..Whew!
----------immediate responses--------

That's pretty typical in early recovery. Most people experience those dreams some for up to a few years. They aren't a sign of impending relapse unless you use it as an excuse for one. 
Those are the worst! But totally normal. Share about it in a meeting and everyone will laugh knowingly. ..I always am sooo mad at myself in my dream and I'm sure my wife is going to leave me then I wake up sweating next to her and it's such a relief. ..Maybe it's a way to feel the terribleness of a relapse without actually doing it. 
Don't feel bad. They shake me up too...It's entirely normal. My most recent one happened after a weekend of travel that threw me off my routine and my cat of 18 years passing away. But I've had them on normal days too. Just a part of recovery my friend and don't feel bad!
I have two years so and my life is better than it has ever been before.  I still regularly recall having a drinking dream the night before.  (Usually I don't realize it right when I wake up but something throughout the day will make me remember a brief moment of the dream.)..At first I had a lot of guilt over it.  Invariably the dream went that I was doing something innocuous like hanging out with friends then I'd suddenly realize I had a drink in my hand then realize I had been drinking it the whole time then realize "oh no I've been drinking for months!" And then go into shame about "that means I've been lying to my home group about being sober this whole time!!!!"..It's super stressful for sure but it's also normal for us to have drinking/using dreams.  I'd argue the best thing for you to do is to just let them go.  They're not real. They don't mean you'll drink. They're just brought about because part of your subconscious that's is afraid it'll happen.  The worst thing you can do is obsess over what these dreams might mean.  Just let it go and then only worry about what you have to get done that day.
