-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b2a5xw/acceptance_gets_all_the_spotlight_in_the_rooms_id/

Tried to have this for a topic discussion a few months ago. Pre-qualified it with "id like to hear how you apply courage to your every day life decisions such as apologies confrontation standing up for yourself or someone else being persistent in a life struggle. And id like to hear some success stories or maybe some current challenges you're currently aware of."..Group let me down the majority of the shares were how they had the courage to come to their first meeting and get sober. Which was nice but after hearing 25 people say the same thing.. it got old. ..I'm going to try this topic again but would like to hear what you're share would be or how i should present the topic so it doesn't turn into "AA default cliche happy to be here" mode.  
----------immediate responses--------

You probably have to give the sort of example you're looking for to kick things off. Share your struggle that you took action in and be sure you give compelling detail like a genuine story not just generalities. That will probably get the ball rolling...Also possible that you're meeting is young sobriety-wise so not a lot of experience tackling life's challenges sober?
I'd share about having the courage to end a dead relationship. It was about 4 months into sobriety and I was terrified of being alone but neither of us were happy. I knew it was going to be a big change (we were together almost 13 years) but I had the courage to initiate the discussion and he felt the same. We are way better as friends we had just gone in different directions. It would've been easier to stay in that security and comfort but it was something I knew I had to do. ..Also instead of isolating which is my instinct I worked up the courage to start talking to people at meetings and make friends so now I have a great support network. 
Honestly there are a lot of things that scare me that may sound super lame to the average person...I have struggled FOR YEARS with being too scared to call any sponsor or even my family on their birthdays. I could not overcome the overwhelming anxiety.  Something clicked about a month ago and I realized that I have nobody I'm comfortable calling when things get rough.  Things got bad and I couldn't call my own sponsor.  I realized if I didn't change that eventually I was going to die because I would not be able to handle it on my own...I'm still scared when I call everyday bit I call. Oftentimes I pray "take away my fear and direct my attention to what you would have me be" multiple times in a row then make the call.  It's been a few weeks and I feel so much more plugged in to my program now.  Today I actually called my dad on his birthday! First time in years! And I will be calling my sponsor later on...I needed to ask for the courage to carry that out.  I was not brave enough to do it on my own.  It sounds ridiculous but it was necessary and it has changed a lot for me in a very short time.
Courage is overcoming fear not being fearless. Doing something you're afraid to do which for alcoholics new in the program means almost everything. I think the topic of fear would be a good accompaniment to that. my go-to thought when I'm afraid of doing something is "What's the worst that could happen?" Usually the worst that could happen is that the status quo remains.
In early sobriety I learned why I drank--anxiety and fear mostly--and over time I've been able to apply various tools learned through AA and outside therapy to overcome those fears one of which was a terrible fear of putting my face underwater. I have never been able to dive into a pool without plugging my nose never been able to swim underwater. I was tired of accepting that. ..I took up scuba diving last year. I decided I wasn't going to let that fear rule my life anymore and that my desire to see what was under the water was greater than my fear of putting my head under and so off I went to get myself certified. I would never have had the courage to try diving if I hadn't found sobriety first.  ..I have had truly spiritual experiences under the water. Life changing. ..And it's a sober sport!
I struggle with trust and social anxiety and have been really working Step 3. Doing my best to give my fear and anxiety over to my higher power and try to feel what god would have me do. (Thy will not mine be done)..I just started a job a couple weeks ago and while everyone is nice there's one person who is a little harsh. I do my best not to take things personally but she was obviously pretty irritated with me last week and told me as much. .Instead of reacting I paused nodded and left it alone. Went home and prayed on it..The courage to change the things I can includes myself..The next day when she came in I told her I owed her an apology that I have the need to know everything about everything and that I understand how annoying that can be. I said sorry..She told me that SHE was sorry. That she is too easily annoyed and that she'd work on that. That I was just learning and it was fine..This may not seem like a big deal but it absolutely is life changing for me..Instead of harbouring a resentment I rolled through the Serenity Prayer and determined that this was something that I could change. I prayed for courage. I stayed humble calm and kind. And I dodged a potentially terrible problem with a brand new coworker. :)
I lead by example. ..I find the raw as guts "I struggle with recovery today because resentments and fear" sets a good tone for a meeting. .When I share warts and all about staying sober it strikes a chord with members and that's all I can do. I can share my truth as honestly as I can and go to meetings where I feel I hear the best message. ..I can hide in safe recovery rhetoric with the best of them but realised that I could not follow that path and stay honest with myself and by extension stay sober. ...I would ask members of the group - one on one what they would call the topic you are trying to debate. I think an ideal topic would be powerless over people places and things or unmanageability.
My sponsor is a pusher and has encouraged me to get out of my comfort zone and rejoin society. I applied for and got my voting rights restored I applied for and got my professional licensure through the state licensing board in spite of having numerous felonies. It was a tedious and painful process but I got through it with his encouragement and help. I've been applying for jobs I never thought I would apply for much less get offers on. . Without courage and a little prodding I would have listened to that inner voice that kept telling me  you're not good enough  Instead my life keeps getting better. .  Thanks for bringing up this topic!
Great topic! The greatest courage I exercise every day is the courage to believe in my higher power. ..Courage to be open minded to be teachable to be wrong and promptly admit it.
I would share how I'm too anxious and shy to really work a good program for myself too anxious to reach out to people and make "friends" or even to reach out and find a sponsor. Too anxious and scared to share so I sit in the back of the room and just listen and while I enjoy the meetings and the messages help I'm not getting all that I can from the program itself because I can't overcome this fear and anxiety. I guess that's not much of an answer to the topic but I don't know thanks for letting me share.
 Courage to change the things I can .I had to change a lot. I had been abusing alcohol all my adult life. For me it was learning what to change and what to hand over to God. And that took some time. Learning to  stay in my lane  was hard for me. ..When I came up to class reunions and weddings I really wanted to avoid at all costs. My sponsor was very helpful. She said most sober people can enjoy such events as long as they are on good spiritual grounds. Ok. But I still was terrified. Then she told me something that I still use very often.  Just do it afraid but do it . Until I could get over my fear. I have a tendency to build things up to way more than they actually are...So I went to the class reunion. I went to the weddings. And then amazingly I was actually enjoying life .  Another miracle of this program. I love dancing. I love talking with people. ..So my friends. Sometimes you just have to  Do it afraid  ..PS. This is my first post here. I'm actually hitting send instead of backspacing for hours  
I had the courage to speak a boundary to someone whom made me uncomfortable with how huggie and overly touchy they were with me. He being an elderly man. He started greeting me with  hello gorgeous  and the like. I initially just tried to avoid him but it came to a point where I had to let him know that this isn't appropriate and I'm not comfortable. I sent him a text saying that I could no longer be his friend to please respect my boundary. ..Doing this was so difficult. I played it out in my head hundreds of times. I got support from my sponsor. I knew it would free me from this discomfort kind of like ripping off the band aid fast. ..I still see this man at meetings and it raises my anxiety but I feel good that I was able to speak my needs and present them in a mature way vs freaking out on him which former drunk self probably would have thought is the only way. 
I never finished school. A lot about it is rooted in fear...either fear that I will fail my classes or fear that I will pass them and not find a job later on or fear that I will find a job but I might not be perfect at it. But getting a degree even just an associate's degree is one of the few things I feel I have the power and freedom to do right now. It is a change I can do if I ask God to give me courage to keep at it and work hard. I think about that often when I say the serenity prayer at the end. Also I've been focusing more on my health and have lost almost 50 lbs since getting sober 11 months ago. Again something I have the power to change and something I ask God for courage to do when I struggle. For what it's worth I think this is a great topic! 
Great topic.  ...Asking for help........Not necessarily the big things in life. Asking my wife to help me with the dishes.  Asking my boss to help me with my workload.  Asking a friend for a favor.  ...I still find it so difficult.   Baked into my core is a fear of being rejected.   Asking for help is scary for me because if my request is denied I go into an emotional downward spiral of low self worth.  ...So my go-to is to just do the thing I need help with and chalk up another resentment that my wife / boss / friend doesn't care about my needs.  True martyrdom at its finest. ...I've had to learn that people aren't mind readers.  And if I don't speak up people don't instinctively know I'm struggling.  ...So I speak up.  And it's hard and frightening.  But I'm slowly learning it usually works out well for me.  ...
Every step I've taken has either involved courage on my part or avoiding a situation until it becomes a conflict and is no longer avoidable. Choosing to bite the bullet and make active decisions rather than react to situations takes courage. At least it does for me... In the past I would always let life happen to me and unfold around me. Unmanageablility at its finest...Today I try to act with courage rather than hide in fear of making a decision. It's progress not perfection... But I'm doing my best.
When I think of "the courage to change the things that I can" I also think of "faith without works is dead". To me having the courage to change things that I can means that I pray for the courage (if needed) and then I take real action towards changing it. ..Action could be changing a mindset or letting go of a resentment. But it could also be taking an actual action like calling that person applying for that job apologizing for that mistake taking that chance etc. ..To me courage is action. When I drank I made so many big plans solved so many issues and was the champion of my world....but only in my drunk head. It was all gone when I woke up the next day and started the race for the next drink all over.  No plans ever came to be no problems were solved no actions towards improving my life happened. In sobriety I am afforded the opportunity to let go of things I know I can't change. And then I can use my courage to take action towards changing the things that I can. 
Any step 9 discussion meeting I've been to has had lots of sharing about life changes people have made as part of living amends! I think it's a pretty universal part of working step 9 that requires the courage to change the things we can.
I'm blown away just woke up to all these responses and i look forward to reading them throughout the work day...Thanks everyone
There's a great line in the movie Three Kings. George Clooney says something like "first you do the thing you're afraid of and then you get the courage".  If it were easy it wouldn't take courage. I got sober without AA relying on r/stop drinking as my support. I added AA to my recovery after a year and a half sober. Courage to me means doing "it" and taking reasonable chances. You only live once. 
I have incredible social anxiety. When I was diagnosed with post-partum depression I lived out in the country and the only person I had any interaction with was my partner. When I turned to him for support he was abusive instead. After I went dry and was no longer able to feed my daughter (she was only 4 months) I turned to alcohol to dumb the pain.`&lt;/div&gt;`..I found help through my employer who hooked me up with a 6 week rehab program and ditched the abusive partner but that didn't fix the alone part. It took a lot of courage to get out of my shell. Talk to people at meetings instead of just quietly sitting at them. Actually contact people via call or text when I wasn't feeling well. I did it but it wasn't easy and it still isn't.
Step 10 then I act in the opposite of the defect  .  .Resentment.  = Love.    ..Dishonesty.  = honesty.   ..Selfish.  = selfless/help others.    ..FEAR. = Faith..  . .So I identify the fear then ask God immediately to remove it as step 10 says to do then I act in faith and face my fear and walk through it with God's help..     .I've been doing this for ten years now and my social anxiety and fears are almost non existent now.  ..God could and would if he were sought. 
