-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b3qsc3/90_sober_and_being_an_atheist_in_aa/

It's been a pretty exciting 90 days. I have been lucky in that I haven't had an obsession to drink since I decided to quit 90 days ago. I mean it took a 10 year wreckage driven relapse with an attempted suicide as the cherry on top to get me here but I survived and I am not plagued by the constant voice telling me to drink. .I go to a lot of meetings (not quite 90 in 90 but always going when I can and especially when I don't want to) in my search for ones that would work. After many meetings saying they weren't a God meeting while ending with the Lord's prayer I found myself struggling more and more with hearing similarities and with fellowship. After mentioning my atheism I found I got called on less people seemed less inclined to talk with me and when an increase in people sort of sharing at me. Thankfully after exploring many meeting options I found my home group in secular sobriety and was welcomed immediately. I was invited to fellowship after people approached me as much as I approached them and my overall experience has been amazing. I found a sponsor within a few weeks and took a service position the same day. I work with my sponsor weekly and call him daily just to check in. We are going through the book as it written and discussing as we go. .I believe heavily in the success of this program and how it can work in people's lives. I do feel I have an unstable allergy like reaction to the first drink (now) and fully believe that there is a place for me in these rooms regardless of my atheism and my slightly different approach to AA. I did not feel this 10 years ago and felt compelled to give the program lip service while secretly being obsessed with the idea that I could drink normally again. I was compelled by my own insecurities and my unwillingness to work in making this program work for me. .I appreciate everyone who works this program to the best of their abilities regardless of their faith or creed or color or sexual orientation etc. There aren't meetings unless people show up and I don't hear a message if it isn't shared. I share that I am an atheist because it's a part of my story a part of who I am (one of the few parts I seem to know anything about) and because I think it's important for the newcomer who may believe the same in a very god oriented program. I hope to be able to do so from a sober and in recovery place for the rest of my life. .Thank you for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; After mentioning my atheism I found I got called on less people seemed less inclined to talk with me and when an increase in people sort of sharing at me.  ..I tend to avoid anyone in AA who advocates their spiritual belief system-regardless of what it is.  ..&amp;#x200B;
&gt;After mentioning my atheism I found I got called on less people seemed less inclined to talk with me and when an increase in people sort of sharing at me...I tend to avoid anyone in AA who flaunts their spiritual belief system-regardless of what it is.
I said I tend to avoid people who flaunt their spiritual belief system-whatever that is. 
Thank you so much for sharing...I'm an atheist in the program as well and it comes with its ups and downs for sure...You have described being "called on less" and being "shared at". That's the religious bigotry we face in this program and it sucks. It can be alienating...There is no doubt though that a community of other sober alcoholics keeps us sober happy and healthy so I'm glad you've found your group. 
Congratulations on finding something that works! I came into AA identifying as an agnostic and now refer to myself as spiritual not religious. I see it this way: Atheism and AA are not incompatible so long as atheists regard something as their higher power.
https://aaagnostica.org/alternative-12-steps/..The above I love. And some of the rest of the site too... A.A. I love too. Except "the god thing" hah. What a can of worms at times. But it works for others so right on! ..Me? Am sometimes an atheist sometimes an agnostic sometimes a non-deity higher power believer. ..For where does it say or who says I have to stick to one of anything? (Oh yeah the proverbial and absolutists our-way-or-the-highway AA-nazi types who yell [quoting] "A.A.'s God Program!"  ..Someone asks me if I believe in god I say I do not believe in the question. ..Like said I love A.A. Didn't say I believe everything in it nope. A.A. sprouted from the Oxford Group who were so dogmatic within their religion it collapsed on account of . But it did help some people so good. ..And my OPINION (eek hahaha) is A.A. did not break far enough away from dogma. Yet it helped me be tolerant of others. If others are not tolerant of my beliefs/dis-beliefs whatever they be that... is... their... problem... Membership... "desire to stay sober". Period...The only thing I can back all this up with is to humbly and thankfully say A.A. helped get me sober and stay sober for coming up on 25-yrs now. And that's about it-- gotta go get ready for a meeting tonight actually starts in an hour. .
