-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b6b3l2/im_struggling_to_clean_myself_up_again/

I'm (27 m) I've drank socially consistent since 21. The last 2-3 years I've drank a half pint daily on and off to deal with normal life pressures failed relationships etc... I did 40 days no alcohol at all though the holidays. I've fallen back into my old habits this year. I know I need help but I don't know what that is yet. I've been honest about it before to the ones around me I know I need to reach out again. I'm embarrassed I know I'm so lucky in my life but I keep drinking. I'm afraid to admit defeat to the ones I care about and support me. I'm sorry that this post is a bit of a rant but I'm really looking for some advice if not motivation to do what I know I can but haven't found the strength for. I'm not trying to look for hand out support. But when I've read comments in the Sub I've found motivation. I hope the best for any one in this sub and truly appreciate any advice no matter how harsh!  
----------immediate responses--------

You can find AA meetings in your area by googling alcoholics anonymous+your city name. It's free you don't need to provide any information and you're under no obligation to say or do anything. Just show up and listen to see if anything resonates with you. You'll meet lots of people who have been exactly where you are and they will be happy to tell you how they got out of it. Introduce yourself ask questions and listen to the wisdom you hear in the rooms of AA. It's worked for a lot of people and it can work for you.
One thing you *should* do as a priority is make an appointment with your doctor to see if any damage has been done from all that daily drinking. It's probably fine but it's always best to know!! Be totally honest and perhaps they can help you with nearby resources in addition to AA. There is also the option of MAT or medically assisted treatment if you're interested in exploring that. I didn't know such things even existed before my doctor suggested it. There are several options; what worked best for me was Campral. I still take it and have basically 0 cravings which I never thought possible. Of course it's just a supplement to in-person treatment  
Go to some meetings close to you and admit defeat to them    I know it's miserable where you are right now and If you go to meetings and listen to what they have to say and do what they do it will get better   
If you can clean yourself up you don't need AA.  But if you want to stop drinking and can't do it on your own AA has a way.  
