-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b6fx8e/transgender_in_the_rooms/

So I had this come up at a meeting the other day about some of the language in AA and some other things involving individuals who dont fit the gender norm in the rooms. One thing talked about is that would it be okay to have a meeting specifically for those who dont identify within gendernorms like a trans/non binary/non-conforming meeting. The thought being there are plenty of male only/female only meetings but i feel there are no meetings that provide a specific safe place for people who identify like I do in my area in AA. The struggles that someone like me and people within my community face in our journey to recovery often in my case go unacknowledged because ive found when i bring it up or out myself i feel as though my problems are minimized or ignored. Maybe it is because the people ive shared with cant relate and therefore brush off or some other reason. But i was wondering if in any other towns is this a thing or has anyone started such a group...A speaker talked about the preamble and how it made them feel unaccepted because of the genderd language..I know that some members have said to me to replace the denominations with what ever works for me that the men and women part is just how things were written way back then and that i shouldnt get hung up on the semantics and stuff but sometimes that is hard to do...I feel i often cannot truely be myself at a meeting because i still have to hide or disregard aspects of myself. I wonder if there was enough suport if a specific meeting can be added to the directory. It would be nice if the language of the readings were changed somehow to be more inclusive but i understand that it hasnt changed for so long but society has changed so much and i think the big book is due for a much needed update...Now i know there are lgbtq specific meetings out there that are open to those who arent but im talking about an exclusive meeting only open to those who identify same as there are male only/ female only meetings...Has anyone else thought about this?.Or have taken steps to make something like this a reality?
----------immediate responses--------

There are LGBT meetings in our town at the little "out" center downtown. I've been to one it just seemed like a normal meeting to me except significantly smaller and the content of the shares were less relatable to me. It's been around for a long time and is actually in the process of moving due to that building being sold or something. I can ask the GSR for feedback for you.                    ....As far as creating a new meeting you only need yourself a few friends and some books and a coffeepot. Well of course those aren't requirements. So if it is of use to someone who still suffers you can try it out. If it ends up not being worth the effort that's okay but as long as you make it a steady commitment and it's important to you it's worth the effort to try. Our recent Area Assembly had the conversation about more inclusive language for some people it is becoming a consideration for others keeping the original text is of equal importance. In any case the topic does come up.                       ....I don't know if this helps or not but for most of history the usage of the words "men" "man" and "he" have often been considered to be and used as non-gendered although nowadays that isn't acceptable I guess. Like mankind is interchangeable with people or humans. Honestly I don't see anything wrong with creating a preamble for a specific meeting if the group conscious votes to do so in which case you could use whatever pronouns and whathaveyou and just retain the dialogue. You might put a note at the bottom in case anyone is curious about the origins of it or something but it's important to realize that every meeting is self supporting and autonomous. If a meeting gets too far away from being AA the AA service structure doesn't have to recognize it which happened in Canada when a meeting got really Christian and the AA service structure just stopped listing it or recognizing it but nobody can shut down a meeting. Hopefully that helps. Let me know if you have any followup questions.
It's an old AA saying that all you need to start a meeting is a resentment and a coffee pot.  
I used to identify strictly as nonbinary. I preface with this to say that I understand feeling the way you do...In sobriety I have come to realize that I don't have LGBTQ alcoholism I don't have female alcoholism I don't have mentally ill alcoholism. I have alcoholism. I learned that in life my number one priority is my sobriety and that separatism served only to make me feel different excluded other-than. And as an alcoholic for me it's dangerous to feed that notion because I'm just a banana in the bunch. No different no greater or lesser than. ..The most important thing for me today in the rooms is that I am able to identify with other alcoholics as it relates to alcoholism...As far as starting a meeting nothing is stopping you.
