-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b70hn3/my_rock_bottom/

Long story short. I'm 5 months pregnant  binge drank two nights ago started a huge fight with my husbanf drove and wrecked my car. It is by the grace of God no cop drove by. I was on probation all last year for dwi. It's clear I don't ever learn my lesson. ..I was sober my whole pregnancy so far. This is definitely not the norm. But I have struggled with drinking since my late 20s. I'm 35 now. ..I'm so ashamed of myself I can't even function.  My sweet husband was with me through a very difficult dwi program last year. I think everyone thinks I'm "cured" but I'm really not. I can get brief periods of sobriety but I always relapse at some point. Even during my program I figured out a way to drink behind everyone's backs. ..My husband does not understand why I like wine so much. Yesterday he told me "wouldn't you hate it by now? Everything it's done for you?" ..The answer is no. I know it makes no sense.  ..Today is day 2 sober. I'm so lost. I've been to AA before got several chips. Now I'm without a car getting to a meeting will be difficult.  ..I guess I'm just wondering where do I go from here? I can regret all day but that does nothing to change the fact that I screwed up. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can get back on the path to sobriety - and you know that you want to. Clear the house of alcohol and make a pact with your lovely husband to stay sober together one day at a time. You your husband and your unborn child deserve to live a life free from this evil disease...I'm willing to bet that there is someone at your local meeting who will be glad to collect you and return you home. Keep coming back to this sub - there is always another recovering alcoholic here to lend an ear and a virtual hug...Go have a look at the webpage I put together as a service to my home group: https://sites.google.com/view/aamsobm/home...You can do this. You were strong enough to admit that you have a problem - you are strong enough to stop. Please stay well.  
This is when those phone lists you probably got as a newcomer will save your ass. Go dig them out and start calling women in AA; tell them you need help to get to meetings. Do you have a sponsor that you stopped calling? Humble yourself and call her. Tell her you need help. If you don't have a sponsor find one right away. When your situation is the most desperate you will be the most willing. Don't just pick up chips; work the steps. 
"Once more: The alcoholic at certain times has no effective mental defense against the first drink. Ex- cept in a few rare cases neither he nor any other human being can provide such a defense. His defense must come from a Higher Power.".   .   .More about alcoholism Alcoholics Anonymous (big book) ..    ."Men and women drink essentially because they like the effect produced by alcohol. The sensation is so elusive that while they admit it is injurious they cannot after a time differentiate the true from the false. To them their alcoholic life seems the only normal one. They are restless irritable and discontented unless they can again experience..the sense of ease and comfort which comes at once by taking a few drinks drinks which they see others taking with impunity. After they have succumbed to the desire again as so many do and the phenomenon of craving develops they pass through the well-known stages of a spree emerging remorseful with a firm resolution not to drink again. This is repeated over and over and unless this person can experience an entire psychic change there is very little hope of his recovery...On the other hand and strange as this may seem to those who do not understand once a psychic change has occurred the very same person who seemed doomed who had so many problems he despaired of ever solving them suddenly finds himself easily able to control his desire for alcohol the only effort necessary being that required to follow a few simple rules.".   .    .The Doctors opinion Alcoholics Anonymous (big book) .   .The doctors opinion is from Dr Silkworth he is the one who gave AA step 1.  .He was not an alcoholic but he saw alcoholics carry out this repeated cycle of hopelessness.   .Alcoholics like me use to be locked up in mental hospitals for alcoholic insanity because as Dr Silkworth said we are hopeless and gauranteed to drink again no  matter what.  .  .Bill W was the first alcoholic he saw recover and ."the only effort necessary being that required to follow a few simple rules" .   .Is the steps in the big book. .  .   .The fellowship of AA has strayed so far from the program of AA. The steps use to be taken in DAYS or a couple of weeks.   .Meetings are NOT the solution to alcoholism. .    .I struggled like yourself for 8 years trying to get sober rehab meetings multiple "sponsor" (not a requirement to do steps often they get in the way) I did everything I could and always drank again. .   .Finally I listened to the Joe and Charlie big book study audio (here's the link)    ..http://www.silkworth.net/images/public_html/freestuff.html.    .   .I read and studied the big book and did exactly what it said.  .I didn't get a sponsor because it didn't tell me to I didn't explain myself or my steps to anyone in the fellowship they were/are between me and God.  .  .I attended lots of meetings and constantly looked for new people to help like the nook says.  I didn't look for people to help me the book doesn't say to do that. .I lived in the solution of step 12 by my second month sober and have done so for the past decade very successfully. .   .   .There is a solution.  .   ."God I pray that you enable me to forget everything I think I know about you AA and the 12 steps so I can have a new experience".   .My first meeting back they/we said that prayer apparently it worked because I had that experience or spiritual experience/awakening or psychic change sufficient to recover from alcoholism. .  .  .   .God could and would IF he were sought....  .
The recipe for success is 90 meetings in 90 days getting a sponsor and taking the steps. 
Hi. If you want to stay stopped AA is an effective way to do that... It's certainly helped me...One thing that might be worth exploring is calling your area's intergroup office. Google "AA + (location) intergroup". Give them a call and tell them you want to go to meetings and need help getting to meetings and can they hook you up with someone that can take you?..When I came into the rooms they told me that I never had to feel the way I was feeling or live the life I was living ever again if I didn't want to. Going to meetings getting a sponsor and working the steps has transformed my life.
Members would be willing to pick you up and take you to meetings.  Just let them know of the need.
