-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b88p6s/there_are_very_few_meetings_around_me/

I have finally decided to go back to the rooms. I have previously been to rehab before and stayed at sober living for 3 months before relapsing. Its been two years since then. I live in a smaller town south a Fresno which might have more meetings. But I am not going to be able to drive up there and back everyday gas would take its toll and my car needs some work. I just don't know how I'm going to be able to stay sober with only two meetings a day witch is honestly the the most I would be able to hit with out bouncing around cities and being rudely late to the other ones.. When I stayed up in Sonora it was flooded with meetings and lots of people in the rooms. The meetings here are for the most post very small except for the exceptional one or two. I just don't know how im going to do this with out the hitting like 5 meetings a day. Any suggestions?
----------immediate responses--------

Get a sponsor and take the steps.  Meetings alone won't keep you sober. 
Saying that I can only get sober if I go to five meetings a day is like saying I can only get sober if I have a good job or if my personal life is stable or if I have any number of other things that ultimately don't matter one bit. People at the beginning had one meeting a week if they were lucky. The program of AA is NOT just found in meetings. If we can only get sober if we are completely insulated and protected at all times quite frankly we would be fucked. ..What worked for me was getting a sponsor and diving into step work. I got phone numbers at meetings and called 2-3 other alcoholics a day just to say hello and ask how they were doing. If my sponsor asked me to read certain pages by a certain date or have columns finished I did that too. It just isn't that complicated. 
Go to meetings and get people's phone numbers. Ask people for rides. I go to a meeting every day (average about one meeting a day) mostly because I get rides. When I can't get a ride I take two buses to get to a meeting.
Start one. You can't be the only alcoholic in your area? It only takes 2. Best wishes. 
