-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/baa5d4/dont_wanna_go/

Which means I need to get my ass to this meeting. I'm not in danger of relapse just in a funk and would rather lie on the couch and stare at the ceiling.
----------immediate responses--------

"I'm not in danger of a relapse"..That is what someone who was about to relapse would say. Remember we almost never walk out of a meeting straight to the nearest bar and start two fisting shots as fast as we can. It's a gradual process and that statement is a big first step toward the relapse. Even if you dont think it at the time. 
&gt; If we want what we've never had;.&gt; .&gt; We have to do things we've never done.
&gt; I'm not in danger of relapse ..I think that's what Jim said before he stopped at the bar to find a customer to buy a car.  ..&gt; I'm not in danger of relapse ..I bet that's what Fred said as he leisurely dressed for dinner without a cloud on the horizon...I'm powerless over alcohol I have no way to tell how close I am to picking up a drink.  What I do know is that's I've done everything today that I've done up to this point in a day for thousands of days  and it's worked I haven't drank.  Is it more than necessary; is it barely enough?  I don't know but I'd rather wonder if something is necessary than discover that it was.  ..I'm glad you're going to a meeting even when you don't want to.  I didn't want to get out of bed and do to a meeting this morning either but I went anyway as well.  ..&amp;#x200B;
I went. And as always I'm glad I did. Now I'm home eating ice cream!
Meatball!! ..I've been getting in that funk lately too. I told my sponsor I didn't want to go the other day and she said I absolutely need to go when I feel that way. Even if I think I just want to do other things. ..By the way I've missed you!!
I hope you went! My first sponsor told me when I want to go to a meeting to walk there if I don't want to go to run there!
I feel you now that my body and mind expect an actual good full night's rest there are some meetings I try to always have a service commitment because I always seem to be on the verge of falling asleep right when it's time to get ready to go! Now I get like only 7 hours of sleep and my body and brain are like HOW DARE U THIS IS THE WORST   we've been spoiling ourselves with sobriety!!
'It's always a good idea to get to a meeting'. 
I have been having those feelings this week. Lack of motivation lethargic and thought to myself "i cant be dealing with this crap". I dragged myself to a meeting on Friday and was just what i needed. Previously I would have turned to the bottle.
Sometimes I am just being lazy. Being an alcoholic does not mean I can never feel unmotivated to go to a meeting without it meaning that I'm setting the stage for future relapse. Sometimes being lazy is just being lazy. Because I'm an alcoholic doesn't mean I can never be lazy without it meaning something else. I was just being lazy. Thank you all for your comments! 
