-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bagnzz/my_sobriety_made_me_lose_a_friend/

I haven't talked to my now ex best friend for almost a year now. Its all alcohol related and oddly not on my end. I quit talking to her because all she wanted to do was go to bars despite being on probation. She would drive an hour away to go to a bar so her PO wouldn't walk in on her there as easily. I put up with it for a while because she had just gotten off house arrest and needed to blow off steam. But after after a couple of months all she did was hang out with people who drank all the time. I told her at last that I wasn't tolerating her drinking. She was getting drunk on days she didn't have her kids. I was going to be a character witness for her custody case regarding her kids but she quickly dropped me when I told her that I wasn't going to lie to a judge about her lifestyle. What gets me is if she's caught she faces ten years in prison with no chance of her getting her kids back. When my husband threatened me with divorce when I relapsed (With the threat of taking the kids and me never seeing them unless I was sober) it was enough. Here we are a year later and through mutual friends I've learned she's still drinking and was almost caught by another PO. She still hasn't given up drinking. Honestly I miss her tons but couldn't handle her destructive lifestyle. She doesn't think she's doing anything wrong but when you see her so drunk that she can barely walk and then laugh about how drunk she was and didn't get caught I couldn't do it anymore. I dropped her on Facebook and all other social media because I couldn't handle it. What makes me feel worse is I secretly want her to get caught just for her to get that reality check. I don't want her to lose her kids but she keeps herself surrounded by people who either stay quiet about it or encourage her. I won't do neither and I feel like I'm the bitter old lady. ..&amp;#x200B;..Sorry for the long post just had a conversation with another friend who is dropping her as well and knew here would at least be understanding for my rambling. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know what she's going through. I couldn't stop either.  
Here's the thing: you can't change someone only they can change themselves. Alcoholics and addicts change when they are ready. You can be there to support someone you can even offer help but you cannot change someone and it's not up to you to change them either. That being said you need to also do what's right for your recovery. Perhaps hanging out with this person (at this time) is not the right thing to do. ..I'm a little surprised she her drinking has not been discovered by her probation officer. Where I live people get randomly tested by a telephone alert system several times a month (usually between 2-10 times per month). It's randomized and can discover alcohol in urine up to 3-4 days after use. It's definitely not worth the risk to drink but it sounds like this person needs a higher level of care. This person is beyond a meeting and more or less needs to be put into a rehab facility before attending 12 step meetings once again. 
Sometimes the very thing we see as hurting someone could save their life. If i hadnt gotten a dui years ago id probably be dead by now. Alcohol isnt kind and the path to sobriety is usually begun with hardship(not always) honesty is difficult but i would voice how you feel and if this person truly cares about you they will take what you say into their heart. Plant the seed but allow your friend to water it or they will never know how to allow that flower inside their heart to bloom. Good luck to you and your friend much love i wont drink with you today.
See /r/Alanon a support group for you. 
