-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bb1n7o/i_am_going_to_give_aa_one_last_try_but_i_could/

I have been trying AA on and off for 10 years. I always got a lot out of the program and geniounly enjoy it but the fellowship is always what drives me out. I feel like everyone is welcoming and friendly when you are staying sober but anytime I relapse all the support is gone even though that's when I could have used it most...Also a lot of the people come off extremely condescending. Usually the people who try to reach out come off very pushy and want to give me all this unsolicited advice without even getting to know my situation. Anytime I have ever gotten close with someone in the program it always felt like they "took me under their wing" to make themselves feel good rather then a geniuien connection. ..Finally I have seen so much shady behavior and people talking a big game in the rooms but living completely different in real life. How do I navigate the fellowship and not let myself get burned like I have multiple times in the past? What are some red flags and also some good things to look for? I have met a few good people but they seem to be few and far between.
----------immediate responses--------

Look for people with similar lengths of sobriety? Some long term sober folk may genuinely be trying to help but I've experienced it too they come off of condescending. They may or may not be doing so intentionally (I am not a mind reader so I don't really know). ..&amp;#x200B;..Also try and remember that when people in AA are not sober sometimes others distance themselves intentionally to protect their own sobriety. They don't want to be around active drinkers because they're afraid it may cause them to drink again. It's selfish but AA is a selfish program. It has to be. You have to put your own sobriety before anything...&amp;#x200B;..Also for the people who talk a big game or gossip remember everyone attending AA is sick too just like you and I are. We are all trying to get better and everyone has a different path. ..&amp;#x200B;..Stick with the winners and people you trust.
It's a room full of sick people trying to get better. More or less it's like a mental ward to some degree. Listen and look for the people who are actually  doin' the deal . Reach out to them. Also people are fallible and not perfect. You'll find your tribe in the rooms. Be patient. The fellowship isn't what gets us sober though. The program is the Big Book and steps. Live that and the rest will fall into place. Good luck brother.
You say you have always got a lot out of AA in the past. Have you done a full set of steps practiced 10 11 12 on a daily basis and done service in the fellowship? I ask because generally doing those things takes care of a lot of the concerns you still have about the program. It's hard to imagine someone who is truly practicing acceptance and turning their will over to a higher power remaining so fixated on things they can't control like the conduct of others in AA...There aren't any secret tips and tricks to controlling other people. Just do the steps do service and reach out to newcomers. You can't control what anyone else does and if you have a solid spiritual foundation other people doing stupid shit will not affect you to the point that you feel the need to issue AA an ultimatum...Make sure you have a good sponsor and a couple of good friends you can trust to call when you really need them but ultimately rely on your relationship with your higher power to help you stay sober and live a peaceful life.
Go and observe for a while. You don't have to speak or can pass if needed. You'll get the gist of who is trustworthy/has a good head on their shoulders. ..Watch what people do not just what they say. You'll zero in on someone who has what you want and that may be your future sponsor or point you to your future sponsor. ..Don't expect overnight results. In fact leave your expectations at the door. You may hear that they are  resentments in waiting'. ..Good luck! It really does work but I hear you. Keep your guard up until you feel it appropriate. ..PS: my first sponsor told me  if you stick around long enough everyone in AA will let you down in some way.  If I looked hard enough I found his words to be true. But what I realized in retrospect is that he was on the verge of relapse. ..So keep in mind that your sobriety is yours and yours alone. You're working this program for you. You'll find peace if you put in the effort. ..You'll never have to be alone again!
what have you tried besides aa? there are many paths to sobriety.
Go for yourself. Be selfish. The most important thing is your sobriety and recovery. ..Accept that you have been defeated by alcohol and these people have the solution. That's the only reason you're here - because you want the secret to sobriety from these people...It's not a fucking social club so don't  try to make friends or please anyone. You're fighting for your life...Look at the winners - take their numbers and call them daily. Choose one of them to be your sponsor. ..Honestly and willingness are the keys to 'getting' the program and recovering...Be utterly honest with your sponsor. Don't hold anything back from your sponsor. At all. This is very important...Try and be as honest and through about what's bothering you in meeting shares.  ..Follow all the suggestions winners give you. Be humble. If unsure of anything check with your sponsor.. .Be an asshole about your recovery. Don't wonder if you're bothering people by calling them day and night. Place it first...Do the 90-in-90. I'm doing it. I'm at day 43 now. Relapsed 3 times over last 2 years...So what if you don't make friends. It doesn't matter. ..Nothing matters except your sobriety.
You are there to save your own life. If you judge the program and decide to stay away from it because the people have failed you who does that effect? Not them.
It is quite likely that YOU are the problem and you have been mistaken when assuming you know why everyone is doing what they are doing. Alcoholics are incredibly sensitive and it takes only a stiff breeze to send us off the deep end and we run away vowing to never return. ..The threat of drinking again kept me coming back though i had many incidents just like this and wanted to give up. Do your best pray and ask for help and your higher power will not desert you when the student is ready the teacher will appear and the perfect person to show you the way will be placed in your path.
In my small amount of time all the things you listed are my fault. If I don't reach out when I'm isolating/relapsing/in need I'm not gonna resent others for not reaching out. The only way people come off as pushy is when I don't want to hear what they're saying. If i can identify the people i don't want to be around then I don't surround myself with them...All this sounds like me when I'm trying to identify as different from the rest of the fellowship. I'd suggest just staying in  take suggestion mode  for a long time before trying to take any control over things I have no business trying to control. They just sound like excuses to keep drinking.
So... today for the first time in 9 yrs. I called the aa intergroup no.  I am depressed and without a car. I wanted to drink so bad. This lady was trying to find me a ride? She couldn't find one n decided to pick me up. She helped me so much... on top of that... I used to only go to meetings because I thought I needed to. Sat in the back paid my dollar n left. I chose for the first time to reach out. And had such a positive experiance.  Am glad I made the decision.  All groups are different. This 1 was soooo positive.  Keep trying it's all we can do.  You will be better for keeping at it.
Have you worked the steps out of the big book with a sponsor who has worked them? I'd start there. The fellowship is great and all but the fellowship can create a resentment quicker than anything else. ..The power of the program is in the steps. They say by practicing the steps the obsession to drink will he lifted and you will he made happily and usefully whole. ..I stick with the winners in the program. People who practice this program as a way of life in order to mend that which is broken. ..There's a lot of bullshit said in the rooms but the program of action as advertised in the literature works precisely as intended if you suffer from the same alcoholism I do. It's a beautiful thing. I wish you luck.
My 'method' for dealing with the fellowship was getting into service.  I realized fairly early on that the people in AA were human fallible and unlikely to really understand what I was going through (I was wrong on the last one but didn't really know that until later.)  So I set about getting my sobriety and recovery in as direct a way as possible.  Rather than expect others to provide me with a healthy environment I created one for myself. .. My first service position was cleaning the men's room at the local clubhouse.  I brewed coffee.  I set out seats.  I chaired meetings.  I got involved in district service committees.  I took meetings into psych wards. I was not doing it out of altruism - I was trying to save my life and I didn't trust you all to save it for me.  ..In hindsight I was probably pushy obnoxious and angry.  I remember a couple old farts asking me if I had talked to my sponsor about the work I had taken on and my answer was "talk to your own sponsor if you don't like it."  I wasn't going to be their fluffer while they got to be the porn star...I didn't make a lot of friends my first year in sobriety but the ones I did make were equally dedicated to the idea of making recovery work for them no matter what.  I learned a lot about what the fellowship was really about what recovery really was and how to navigate the personalities and pitfalls of working with a bunch of amateur volunteer world-savers...I've mellowed out a bit but I'm still a 'service junkie.'  Yeah it makes me good.  But I also realize that I make the extra effort because I am sicker than others not because I'm better than them.  I wish I could have gotten and stayed sober by sitting there with a cup of coffee and listening to discussion but I proved to myself over and over that I could not.  All I got from being a docile newcomer was resentments and drunk...I've gotten *nothing* out of the fellowship of AA.  There are no free rides on the recovery train for this alcoholic.  But everything I've *put in* to the fellowship and the program I've gotten back ten-fold.
You know there are many other things out there that work.  Go to smart.  The Sinclair Method.  Harm reduction.  Refuge recovery.  If AA isn't working try something else.  You don't have to beat yourself.
First of all - try to always remember that you associate with AA exclusively for yourself - to get and remain sober.  From time to time you will meet people that you see  eye to eye  with and those can become friends (or not).  In my case I have a balance of friends in AA and other friends who don't need AA.  I also keep at least one  confident  who I spend time with weekly (we volunteer together at an animal rescue operation).   Years ago I would call him  sponsor  - but in fact we rely on each other.  Sponsors are really important in my opinion to help us gain value from the Steps...In my case I do quite a bit of service (H&amp;I Intergroup and Central Office).  I do this not to look for friends but to help ensure that AA will always be there for newcomers.  After many years of AA three localities and two overseas stints I can only claim 3-4  real  friends in AA and dozens of fellow travelers...As far as the feeling of being shunned when you slip I must say that it is discouraging when people try over and over but don't seem to progress much spiritually.  People most likely are rooting for you to succeed and when you slip it is naturally disappointing.  A good thing about service work is that many volunteer slots require a certain amount of continuous sobriety.  For instance a Central Office board I serve on requires 5 years.   I really enjoy my service roles and would hate it if I drank and got left out...In my distant past I returned to drinking (I was a periodic binger) two times.  In my case I really had not worked the 4th-5th Steps well and my life narrative was definitely  off .   Once I got serious and fixed that I was  good to go .  But I don't look for friends I stayed away from 13th Stepping and have a happy life with a non alcoholic wife who never experienced me drunk.  I want it to stay that way.
Just wanted to say it's okay that you've repeatedly relapsed. A lot of people have gone through the same thing as you. Just keep coming back! It'll click eventually.
If someone in AA wants to offer me  advice  I stop listening. I had plenty of people giving me advice before and I didn't stop drinking...My experience has been to grab ahold of the person whose actions match their words. I found a sponsor in early sobriety that was in awe of the life he had from working the program. He took me through the steps in less than a month and taught me how to live in 10 11 and 12. He promised me a life beyond my wildest dreams if I worked the program the way it is presented in the Big Book. I thought he was full of shit he was not. ..Today I get to take people through the steps in the same way I don't take anyone under my wing. I try to invite my Higher Power into my sponsorship because I know what I get out of it!
Fellowship is what drove me out the first time because I didn't do any of the other stuff I was supposed to do . the fellowship was awesome my first time at this and that's all I had and when it didn't work anymore because people moved and people relapsed I had nothing else because I didn't do the work . I went to meetings and all my friends were sober . that is all I did . I never changed and I never recovered . I actually find it fascinating I went as long as I did without using . this time I would like to have the fellowship but they are human and we all have the same disease . if I had let some of the people I encountered this time keep me away I may have never gone back but I know this works because I've seen it work . I thought I couldn't get sober again for many reasons but one was that the fellowship wouldn't be what it was before . but if I let that stop me I stay miserable and sick. This time I didn't really love the people where I was going so I tried other meetings and I've found people I connect with more but the main difference is I actually do the work today . I figure the rest will come and it already has to some degree. I hope you find yourself in a better spot but drinking definitely doesn't fix this problem and so far aa is the only thing thst works for me even if I dislike some of the people .
Acknowledging my own short comings seems to allow me to accept others.  Typically when members rub me the wrong way or carry a particular idea I don't like I deal with it by recognizing it isn't that person that bugs me it's that I don't like the idea of me acting that way.    ..I hear often to find others like myself... But in the beginning I really didn't need people like myself.  Sitting down by the old timers after meetings and listening does me better...It's an adventure... Show commitment to not drinking and making meetings instead.  Find a sponsor that wants to work steps out of the book and do it.  Only the disease wants to find excuses not too.
I'm just telling the person to do some research.  Educate yourself on other things that work.  The information is out there.  And we are allowed to post of other things in this group.  Why is it odd to you?  To tell someone there is other things that might help?  Why do you want to keep that a secret?
Read the post pinned to the first comment of this sub.  And it can be deadly if AA doesn't work for this person and nothing else was even mentioned.  Why are you afraid for information and a suggestion to do some research on the newer things out there.  And I'm not going to argue with you.  This person has a mind of their own and can choose for themselves.  Peace.
I would suggest getting a good sponsor who you can talk to about these things.  My sponsor definitely helps me deal with the personalities.
How about just worrying about yourself and stop paying attention to other people? Find a sponsor and take the steps then you won't have to worry about what people think or say about you when you slip because you won't be slipping.
Hey! Congrats on giving sobriety another try. I've experienced some of what you are worried about and I think it is common in A.A. Part of the cause of this in my opinion is that many people aren't entirely serious about their sobriety. This could manifest in any form of behaviors or lack of behaviors but I think some people with stable sobriety try to fend this off because it affects their sobriety. It's hard to be around someone that is kinda sorta sober so I think some people try to avoid those folks and even go so far as to act in  un-spiritual  manners to keep those that aren't serious at bay. While that's obviously not in the spirit of A.A. I've seen it happen as well. Members with a few years will get an  all or nothing  kind of attitude. Demanding an almost unhealthy adherence to beliefs or telling newcomers they can't stay sober unless they do X Y and Z. Fortunately these people are typically the minority in A.A. but often have a loud presence because of their own personal sobriety. I've found that the best remedy to these people is just to avoid them. Really try to listen to what people are saying at meetings. Those with strong sobriety that are truly interested in helping others and spreading the message should be much easier to understand and relate to because they are truly living in the solution. Try your best to associate with these people. The phrase I've heard is  Do what we do go where we go and you'll get what we've got !
The rooms of AA like finding that favorite bar. I heard when the student is ready the teacher shall appear. 20 years later and I still remember hearing keep coming back. Ok. I got it. Another gem I heard was it's none of my fucking business what people think. Lol. My 2 cents. Hope you find yours.  
That's a great question! We alcoholics have a cutting edge sense of when people are looking down on us or otherwise disrespecting us. Generally I find I have to look for the somewhat quiet men who are busy doing service work and limit themselves to sharing their experience strength and hope from the heart. I also had to admit that I had a way of picking the wrong people to be close to at first. I was sick so I was drawn to sickness. It made a lot of sense in hindsight. I had to start being observant of people's behavior towards others and get to study them and my reaction to them. Am I being lifted up or torn down? Did I see any red flags going off when around them? What is my gut reaction at the thought of them? None of us comes into the rooms healthy and some choose to stay sick for whatever reason. Look to the people who are doing service work working the steps generally positiv and lifting others up. .As for needing peopl it m the program the most after you've relapsed. Not quite. The time you needed them the most is before you relapsed. Once you've relapsed if you want right back in please come back. But if you are intent on staying suing out for awhile we don't know how to help you. Good luck and work the steps to the best of your ability.
So you've been trying this for 10 years without success and you're judging people that are getting well and trying to help you...I only got well when I realised that my attitude was the problem. ..I venture to suggest that may be the case with you...I wish you well.
Hi..Good to hear you're giving it another shot. Remember tradition three - **the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking.**..&amp;#x200B;..I can relate to what you're saying - fellowship can be hard and there are lots of sick people in AA...&amp;#x200B;..Try not to focus on what others are doing try to focus on the newcomer. It is a good idea to try to help those who have less sober time than us even when we're new around. I find when I'm doing that I feel more part of things and connected...&amp;#x200B;..Finally get a sponsor and work the steps. They will help you navigate life inside and outside the rooms.
AA is an open forum with no vetting of anybody coming in...The thing that helps in finding worthy people is instincts...I'm serious knowing who to spend time with in any sort of space requires discernment be it a bar or an AA meeting...Some people will tell you to align with people of a certain doctrine or position. Actually totally I think you should just go by your instincts. The longer you are sober the better your instincts get.
I totally relate. . .Today's expectations are tomorrow's resentments.. .I was in and out for almost ten years any sort of reliance on other people especially in AA always drive me back out. . .When I came back this time I said to myself fuck what everyone in the fellowship says I should do and their stupid opinions this time I'm going to study the big book and do exactly what they did in the book I will put up everything I've ever heard or been suggested if it can't be supported by the big book I won't do it. .My go to answer was always where does it say that in the big book? Still is ten years sober now!.  .The fellowship like everywhere else if I have an expectation of being treated a certain way I am always let down. . .I go to meetings to see what I can bring to the event not what I can take..  .I share in a GENERAL way when I share too much info is setting myself up for gossip etc..  .The AA fellowship is literally the last house on the block when mental hospitals fail the patients come to AA so I'd lower your expectations to nothing.. .Just the other day I was going through a tough time I still am getting divorced. I called my mom and she took my wife's side I called a couple AA friends that never called back and I even called my closest AA "friend" that I've known for over a decade I call him daily when he's going through a rough time I've always beed there for him best man at his wedding and I called him up almost in tears saying I'm really fucked up and I need to talk to you everyday for the next while to try and get through this. We talked for another few minutes then he said he was going in to a store and would call me right back in 5 minutes that was 6 days ago!. . .All you need is the big book (Joe and Charlie is how I learned the book and took the steps) and constantly look for and help that new guy walking through the door. . .That's it God (program) and another alcoholic you can help. Everything else is just a distraction. I had many sponsors and it did not work. When I studied the big book it didn't mention anywhere to get some ex drunk dope addict to run my life so I didn't.. .  .The fellowship is definitely not the solution to alcoholism.
So what are YOU going to do differently this time? Apparently what you have been doing is not working for you.
My experience was after AA not working for me after many years I left.  Went to SMART Refuge recovery and went on MAT naltrexone and that is what worked for me.  They all helped me.
Go to a big book meeting and work the steps.
I did the in and out thing for six years before getting sober in 82. It may sound counter-intuitive but you might consider hanging with people that don't care if you stay sober or not and aren't interested in fixing you but simply transmitting the solution. Leaving it up to you whether or not you latch on. Don't want anything from you. Among those people friendships grow slowly and are a two-way street.
Some tips that worked for me.....Find the people that walk the walk not talk the talk.  My favourite people in AA *carry* the message by living the principles they learned in applying the steps and traditions to their lives.  I can't speak for all of them but I know that on my way to be like them I made the mistake of *throwing* the message at people when I didn't yet have it working in my own life sufficiently   over-zealous and under-experienced I was.  I suspect all of us pass through that "throwing the message" phase and it is condescending and not helpful...Find the people who want what they have. The people that seem content and peaceful with what they have and that aren't concerned with comparing judging gossiping or complaining in general. ..Find the people who are really grateful   not the ones that talk about it but the ones that show it; the ones grateful enough for what they've gotten from AA that they're giving back by serving in positions at the District Area or Intergroup committees.  How to find them?  Attend service functions.  That's where the ratio of "good" people is at its highest...If you look for these people you're sure to find a sponsor to guide you compassionately patiently and effectively through the steps and traditions (and if you're lucky even the concepts)...Finally don't let anyone else be an excuse for your relapses   let your alcoholism be the sole bad guy there.  When I started to sponsor I was fearful I'd screw it up and let another alcoholic down.  It was pointed out to me that if someone wasn't done with booze yet there's nothing I could do to keep them sober and if they were really determined to be sober there was nothing I could do to get them drunk   they'd fire me and get a better sponsor if that's what it took.  They'd keep seeking a solution instead of drink if they really meant business.  If you really mean business keep seeking.
I really do not care.  Im used to people in AA denying anything else works and being demeaned by them when I do speak up.  And I will not quit speaking my truth even though almost everyone in AA will tell me that did not happen to me.  I know my reality and for others to imply I do not is just insane.  This is what worked for me.  Went to AA for years then had to move on.    I would have died if I didn't move on.  I was dying in AA.  And doing the same thing over and over again you know what they say about that.  Everything has helped me.  I've grown immensely  and found out I have more strength and can overcome  almost anything.  And can trust myself and my inner self.  And I've meet many others in the same situation as I was.  We've all support each going the road less traveled and found healing and peace.
I'm my experiences with relapse and now coming up on a year sober with spotty AA attendance I've found that trusting myself has been the most important part of my sobriety. I try not to judge the people that I see talking a big talk in the rooms and walking a different walk in the rest of their lives. I just let them be them and do my own thing. When I find a person that is the same in and out of the rooms I slowly get to know them. I don't fully place trust in them right away that what they are doing will be good for me because everyone is different. ..If I take what I need that helps me and leave the rest I find that has given me the best results in my sobriety.
Doin' the deal to me is a person who actually lives the 12 steps. They're sober from all substances humble spiritually fit hit meetings knowledgeable with the Big Book helping newcomers out etc... that to me is true sobriety. They have a program of living in and outside the rooms.
Pretty cool program.
