-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bb7yrt/my_relapse_story_alcoholism_addiction_recovery/

PART 1:..March 29th started out as a great day visiting my alma mater. I graduated in 2016 with a degree in Business Administration and completed 4 seasons on the baseball team. ..My day was spent walking around campus and enjoying the nostalgic atmosphere. I ended up at the baseball field that evening and even had the opportunity to practice with the 2019 baseball team. After practice ended I gathered the guys around and said a few words about my time as a fellow Scot. Lastly I followed that up with a passionate unprepared speech. It was amazing! I left my small college town feeling enthusiastic and fulfilled. I received thank you texts from some of the guys - it made me happy. What a day! ..Feeling good I made the decision to go to the casino that was nearby. I only had $40 with me and figured I'd just try and make it last to enjoy myself. Thats not too dangerous right? I didn't think so. In a matter of minutes..I hit a bonus for $300. I was content but not even close to satisfied - it was time to raise the stakes! ($300 should be more than enough but you know for people like me... extremists) About am hour or so later I walk out the doors with $1500 in my hand. Wait... not only did I have one of the best days I have had in years but I also win a grip of cash &amp; then actually leave the casino with all the money?! A phenomenal day! ..Before winning big I had plans to stay at a friends apartment or sleep in my car if need be but now.... I have options. The city it is - haven't been there in years! I get there a couple hours later and start cruising around the city thoroughly enjoying myself. ..Next thing you know I walk into a hotel and book a room for more than I would usually pay but hey it's all good - still sober and not as broke! ..My attention was drawn back to  old me  ways of living and I would notice these quick and sharp triggers. Nonchalantly I ignored the potential dangers that could manifest upon me. .The thought of going to the store for a bottle or two was a result of my bad defense. ..Ahh you know what? I've been sober 8.5 months now - I am strong and have incredible willpower! The new me would not get fooled by this evil liquid drug. That's how I felt at least ..The hotel door closes behind me with a loud latching thud.. ..Okay I am just running to get some snacks for the night. Snack runs are essential! Yup. ..I take a late left turn and pull into a liquor store. It's all good they have snacks in there + it's close to the hotel so win/win. ..A pint of Crown Royal a pint of 1800 Tequila and a bottle of good red wine escort me back to my car. ..Alright what the fuck just happened?! I am not drinking. I don't want to drink I don't need to drink. This is absurd. All the pain and agony to my family and myself..I chose to live and be clean. After the hospitals meetings rehab months of dedication and hard work!! ..Wait I have a cool idea.. I just won't drink it. Yeah I bought a few bottles at 8.5 months sober but never drank them because I am strong and I can do shit like that. What a story it will be. I got this! ..The bottles sit on the hotel desk and give me a round of applause for my incredible self-control.......PART 2:..The instant it hit my lips.. any chance I had ceased to exist immediately. My self-respect was shattered. A flood of misery washed over my entire self. .Why didn't I pick up the phone and call someone? .What if I'd have stopped after the first drink?..The questions are endless. I am not able to give you a logical explanation. ..To stop the drinking once it started felt like an impossible task. I knew that's what I had to do - even as that awful liquid drug pranced on my thoughts until it could trigger a response like  one more. go get it. now.  ..By the grace of God the dancin' prancin' devil water whisperer could not keep his grip on me for long. 4 days on a hard liquor binge nearly brought me to my final hour. I finally picked up the phone made a call and thankfully.. a friend picked me up and dropped me off at the emergency room. ..Alcohol poising was evident. I was a wreck. My body was drained and I just laid in that bed staring at the bag of saline drip into my veins. I was defeated. ..Luckily I am going to be okay. A new bill of health if you will.. and a chance to continue my recovery pilgrimage. Over the past 5 days of detoxing I have been able to start reflecting deeply    as if it were an all out search to find the magic answer that would determine the multitude of factors that may have been accumulating in the development of my relapse. ..I am only a man with a desire to stop drinking. It would be impossible to go through it alone. The recovery community is where I want to be surrounded by all of you. ..Remember what we all deal with... a cunning baffling and powerful disease! ..Thank you for taking time to learn about my recent reality check. This time my plan is to keep recovery my first priority. ..Much love...- Bobby
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have a sponsor?  What step were you on?
Sounds like most of the people I know who got out of rehab and thought they would maybe go to some meetings one day but not right away...A relapse brought me close to death and gave me the willingness to work this program with rigorous honesty. It can do the same for you if want a life in recovery. I'm sure you know what you need to do: get to a meeting find yourself a sponsor and get started on some step work.
You are an unusually good writer/story teller for a business grad!    I could really feel your emotions coming through in your story - and I have been through very similar situations in sobriety.  Early on I stuck around AA sober for five years then did something similar to your experience.  It took about three years of messing around (I am a periodic binger so can accomplish a lot sober but can easily turn into Mr. Hyde. ). By then I was late 30's returning to AA.  That time I did 15 years - my profession soared- but then another  incident .   I was on an overseas assignment dining with some incredibly rich people who were drinking $3000 a bottle French wine.  A glass of that and a return to the same old pattern!   After nearly 10 years I FINALLY made the big decision to get and remain sober at any cost.   I got a sponsor listened worked and finally believe that I finally  got it .  That was 13 years ago and I think that my days of drinking are finally over.   But getting here required a very thorough 4th Step and a pretty radical redo of my life narrative...That  big decision  is what made the difference.  Jail prison near-death make that big decision easier for many AA's.   But my life was good I was well-off and happy.   The only problem was that I was a dishonest occasionally drunken jerk.
Thank you so much for sharing. Beautifully written and reminding me to never let my guard down. Wishing you the best friend.
I'm a bot *bleep* *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:..- [/r/addictionrecovery] [Relapse story for my fellow addicts and alcoholics - stay strong in recovery!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/addictionrecovery/comments/bbfnai/relapse_story_for_my_fellow_addicts_and/)..&amp;nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
I've been lucky finding sponsors but my recommendation is to find a sponsor who talks about having a sponsor talks about what's in the book and how it's changed their life and is someone who has what you want. ..I've had a total of two sponsors; for the second one I asked by higher power to help me find a sponsor and give me the courage to ask them. It worked well.
Oh my gosh I am so grateful you are okay and you didn't wake up with any misdemeanors or felonies.  You can't pay for lessons like you have received the last few days. I am so proud of you for all of your accomplishments and making that phone call. Thanks for sharing.
Similar story every time I relapse! We are in this together. Triggers we have to learn them. For me I won 3 thousand a few weeks ago I was 2 months sober its just too hard to not celebrate a win. At the end of it all the money was gone and so was my mind again. Back to day one! I have learned that gambling smoking drinking bars anywhere like that go hand in hand for me. The lot has to go for me to move forward . day 4 here upwards and onwards!!
