-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bbd27w/my_new_employer_has_everyone_doing_shots_in_the/

This is a very small office. I just started working here full time after working very hard on sobriety and college at the same time. I am involved in AA and have 7 months sober...During my interview I was asked if I drink. I figured this was due to issues with former employees. I was honest and said I was not drinking right now due to health reasons. I did not go into my extensive history with alcohol...The doctor I work for said "dammit". I wasn't sure why but he didn't explain. He offered me the job...Now I have found out at the end of the week they all do shots in the office. There are about 10 of us and sometimes I am behind on my work. So while I am completing my job everyone else is in the next room taking shots. I feel like my sobriety is at risk because the usual "just have one" and "oh she's not cool enough to drink" shit starts flying. I would feel less threatened in a bar where I could order a coke...I tried last week to make the excuse that I do not like Pelinkovac. I explained it makes me sick. This is my boss demanding to know what I used to drink so I told him. He said he would have a bottle of my liquor ready for this week. I told him no thank you and even THAT stirred more shit talk...I really need this job. What am I supposed to do? This is my boss pushing this on me. Help?
----------immediate responses--------

If you're in the US and this is happening you may want to talk to a labor lawyer. I'm not certain what field you're in but no way is your boss pressuring you to drink on the job legal.
You can always say "I don't drink anymore." When they ask why tell them "It caused me problems in the past so I just don't." Then shrug and make it not a big deal. ..Because it's not a big deal.
Two points...One. I'd be straightforward and keep it simple. "I don't drink." Period. End of discussion on that point. No explaining why. There doesn't need to be an explanation because it's nobody's business. Your past issues with alcohol between you and your employer and/or your coworkers are none of their business. They're already being shitty individuals by trying to pressure you into doing something that they know you don't want to do. Imagine what they'd do with more juicy info about you.....You told him already during the interview that you don't drink (he crossed a professional line by asking you whether you *did* during the interview). You should not need to tell him again. And again. *And again.* ..Two. This is not just about one person being in recovery and the others drinking around that person. It's them shit-talking you for not joining them. I'd get that taken care of or be ready to look elsewhere for employment. Speak one on one with your boss. They sound like a bunch of bullies in an elementary school yard. You're going to have to go to bat for yourself.
If people push on me like that I tell them I'm a recovered alcoholic.   Kind of a buzz kill on the party but this is my life we're talking about and f them.
What do you do a living ...stay sober..What do you do for money .....job
I'd look for another job that environment is just too crazy even for a non alcoholic. They're breeding 'em there.
I've always heard that what you put before your sobriety is what you lose first (after sobriety). You may want to keep your job but it's in your best interest to find something else if you can...I put my job ahead of my sobriety at one time. I put a lot of things ahead of my sobriety.  I no longer have that job. I lost the progress I put in my health. I came close to losing my husband...I'm trying to remember that being sober is more important than anything else because if I'm not sober it's only a matter of time before I lose what I'm grasping to keep.
I've used the excuse of taking medicine that no alcohol was to be mixed with. (It was a white lie sorta being as my 'medicine' is AA hah.)..I've also used the ol' A.A. quip about being allergic to alcohol. "Yep I'm allergic to booze. I break out in handcuffs!". This has never failed with people backing off when trying to get me to drink something with them.
I'd find another job.
Even people who drink occasionally feel pressured to do shots sometimes and it's ridiculous and annoying. I am a light drinker and always say no to a shot even when it's placed in my hand because it is not my thing and I find it gross. Don't be embarrassed. They will get over it.
Suggestion: document every time this kind of behavior happens just in case you need to rely on the notes later. Not sure if you're in an employment-at will situation...but if your employer doesn't respect boundaries then you may find yourself being penalized down the road for not fitting into the toxic work culture they've created. Recovering alcoholics are protected under ADA. If you do choose to continue working there it might help to protect yourself in case things don't work in your favor job-wise. Good luck and congratulations for staying sober. 7 months is amazing.
