-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bcbd5z/ex_relapsed/

Fucking hurting right now guys. I talked to my sponsor and several other members of the program. I have 3 years sober my ex had two. She broke up with me a month ago and tonight was the night I was going to decide whether or not to try and get back with her. I pull up to grab the last of my stuff from her place and she tells me that she's  just smoking weed  and that she doesn't plan on drinking... we talked for a little while and we kissed goodbye. ..I fucking hate this disease and everyone it drags down with it. Please keep her in your prayers. She's a real alcoholic and if I learned anything in our time together it's that she's going to put herself through hell and back before showing up in a meeting again.
----------immediate responses--------

Her choices are not yours and if you need help processing the end of your relationship you should seek it. The two of you shouldn't have been in a position to do anything physical even a small kiss. One or both of you will either hang on to that or manipulate it into something it wasn't when the reality is: You're toxic for each other and both worth happiness
The CODA literature and applying our steps to relationships has been biggest help to me. More people go out on the pain of relationships in my experience than anything else. Good luck
This happened to me years ago. Needless to say shes dead and im not. Thats the harsh truth. Good luck to you
I'm sorry...See /r/Alanon a support group for friends and family of alcoholics. I met people who understood what I was going through.
Sponsored a guy who's wife went out on pills after 10 years before long she was back on the needle and dragging in at dawn stinking of other men. ..He divorced her and later married a pretty and sober Psychiatrist definite step up. I had reason to stop by to pick up something from the ex. She hid behind the door but what I saw reminded me of a graveyard worm...Maybe your ex will turn around probably not. Best to disengage.
