-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bcqt0j/daily_reflections_april_13/

THE FALSE COMFORT OF SELF-PITY..Self-pity is one of the most unhappy and consuming defects that we know. It is a bar to all spiritual pro- gress and can cut off all effective communication with our fellows because of its inordinate demands for attention and sympathy. It is a maudlin form of martyrdom which we can ill afford..  AS BILL SEES IT p. 238..The false comfort of self-pity screens me from reality only momentarily and then demands like a drug that I take an ever bigger dose. If I succumb to this it could lead to a relapse into drinking. What can I do? One certain antidote is to turn my attention however slightly at first toward others who are genuinely less fortunate than I preferably other alcoholics. In the same degree that I actively demonstrate my empathy with them I will lessen my own exaggerated suffering.
----------immediate responses--------

I needed this today. I was on the pity pot most of yesterday evening and it caused me to act poorly this morning (i felt bad so i stayed up late playing video games and wasnt available for my family because i was still asleep)...It is so comfortable to wrap myself in a blanket of "poor me." Its how i spent most of my life. Last night i didnt even realize where i was or what i was doing until it was too late...These character defects can cause me to act just as poorly now as when they were drinking. I have a tool kit now at my disposal to prevent that but theres a good chance i dont use it often enough. I didnt last night becausr my thouhht was "its not hurting anyone but me." But thats not in line with the pronciples of emotional sobriety. Its just another pride based distortion of reality...So the point is that i need to guard agaisnt these things even when i dont think im hurting anyone but me. Because 1) if i accept belief in some higher power that belief usually leads me down the path of viewing all life as equally valuable. Including my own. 2) arguably more importantly even if my behaviors are not egfecting anyone else now they sure will down the line.
One of my favorites. A great reminder of who I used to be.
Hooo boy! This one really hits home. There is a significant difference for me between self-pity and being kind to myself. But I find it very hard to navigate between the two. The only way I've been able to start untangling them is to realise that kindness lets the scared little boy inside of me relax every so slightly. His head droops in relief and he doesn't hold himself in such a tense way. When I am experiencing self-pity on the other hand I feel his hatred and loss of hope.
