-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/be8jy1/convo_w_sponsor/

I am still quite depressed since I've been sober. I've been working on treating my depression for about five years and it still lingers. ..The other day I was telling my sponsor this and she said how she's known other people with mental health struggles that have overcame it. I didn't really know what to say so I didn't say anything. ..Mental disorders are lifelong. If someone has  overcame  their depression or PTSD they did not have the actual disorder. ..I feel bad about it still. I didn't really want to make a wave but I felt invalidated like my depression is a character flaw that I'm not trying hard enough to overcome. I know she's human... that's why I haven't said anything.
----------immediate responses--------

As someone that experiences depressive episodes I can see why it felt invalidating or dismissive.  I also see the point that it does require effort and taking responsibility for learning how to manage your symptoms perhaps with therapy and medication management.
Your sponsor is helping you through addiction to alcohol. She is probably not a healthcare professional. I also suffer from depression getting sober has helped in making it better but it has not gone away and I still sometimes need medication for it. See a therapist or a medical professional about this. Your depression is not a character flaw. If anything leaving it untreated could actually be a trigger for you to drink. You can do it!
Who the hell are these "sponsors" anyway? Just some other reformed drunks. Makes zero sense to me.
It's funny because I was in your same exact position last year...I opted to tell my sponsor that she didn't understand; that some people really do have mental illness and that's that. She didn't say anything...Flash forward to where I'm at in my recovery and... Things are getting so much better. I'm only on one mood stabilizer now and I hope to be off that entirely someday sooner rather than later...Now it's not my business what anyone thinks of me. Yet I will tell you that I've suffered mental illness since my early years. Self-harm multiple hospitalizations for suicidal ideations countless go-arounds with doctors psychs therapists and infinite frickin combinations of medications. I definitely have a history of mental illness. ..And... I am healing. That doesn't invalidate my past. Rather it gives me hope for my future...When I told my sponsor that I no longer think of myself as sick or as mentally ill but as a person -- one who is working toward healing -- when I no longer *identified as my illness* -- she told me that now I understood what she had been trying to say:.."When the spiritual malady is overcome the mental and physical follow."
I can't speak for you but I was diagnosed as being depressed in early sobriety.  It went on for several years.  ..I rebooted my program started over at  Step One.  I'm no longer depressed.
&gt; Mental disorders are lifelong. If someone has  overcame  their depression or PTSD they did not have the actual disorder...She probably meant they found a way to successfully manage it with treatment.
