-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bfj75s/alcoholic_mother/

Hi I'm an 18 year old girl who just moved back home from college and my mother is an alcoholic. It started getting really bad last year but I am pretty sure shes been doing this for a while. She would be patronizing and rude when she would drink (she would only drink in the evenings and nights) and you could see her slumping around the house bumping into stuff hiding her glass. Sometimes we would yell at eachother about stupid stuff. She once ended up punching me in the head and I called my dad home from his night shift crying and he threatened to kick her out if she didn't stop. She then started hating my dad more and more and even wanted to leave him. It was because of how he was treating her. He wasn't always very soft and nice and can get angry and yell alot. During this time they would talk to me about eachother so I felt like I was in the middle of this. We set up her to go to a rehabilitation home for a month. She decided she would move out after when she got back. While this was happening I was in college for practical nursing and I really struggled in it. I had 8 courses in the semester and was working 20 hours a week. I ended up failing half my courses and got kicked out. They started being better towards eachother even went to Cuba twice actually. My mom likes how he is now and my dad is much nicer. My mom has been going to AA meeting but she is still drinking every night. Shes fine during the days but she just can't stop I guess. Its funny cause shes a nurse and specializes in addiction. Yeah well she now lives pretty normally but drinks at night. Every night.
----------immediate responses--------

Check out r/AlAnon ..It's a program for people affected by someone else's alcoholism. They've all been where you are and can help you with this.
Alanon is just the ticket for you.
It take some people a while to get AA.  Good for her that she keeps going back to meetings even if she's still drinking.  And I think the Alanon advice is solid.
