-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bgr12d/deciding_if_i_want_to_stay_with_the_mother_of_my/

When we first started dating we met through mutual friends partying drinking etc. this continued on for some time and then we broke up got back together then had our beautiful daughter. She maintained her sobriety for a while then it went all down hill. ..My daughter is now two she will be three next month and her mother has been in inpatient twice in two years and outpatient at least once a week since she's been born. ..I smoke marijuana (mainly for my appetite) and I drink on the occasion never at home. And with an agreement with her and her counselor if I chose to drink I wouldn't come home drunk and I wouldn't have alcohol in the house. I've maintained this agreement yet I still find bottles around the house. ..The amount of relapses are too many to count. She's the worst liar when it comes to drinking and she is very hostile. Yet she continues and continues. She has text threads/group chats with her outpatient people and I'm sure she bullshits them just to get them off her back...Her mother is a recovered/recovering alcoholic. (I've never seen her drink in the 6-7 years I've know her.) she's been nothing but supportive and this must break her heart. ..But I digress I've had it. Again I've caught her hiding alcohol she says she'd like to be able to just have a couple but she killed a case of beer and my own bedroom reeks of alcohol. I've told her time and time again she is going to loose me and her daughter to this alcoholism. But it's ALWAYS BULLSHIT. ..Our relationship was built on alcohol and it seems like alcohol is ending it...This sucks so hard because she's a great person sober but between the lying deceiving getting caught and lying about it again. It's enough for me to snap and I say hurtful things I know I don't mean.. .The last thing I want is to break up this family but I don't know what else to do. I would probably get custody of my daughter her father even told me I would be a better fit to take care of her and he would testify in court if need be. ..I'm fucking down in the dumps this has sucked for quite some time. And I honestly don't see it ending without moves being made by... well.. me...Any advice is welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Any advice is welcome...Get to AlAnon asap. They're the people you're looking for to help you with this; they've been where you are...r/alanon
Go to Alanon.
Im sorry to hear of your wifes alcoholism and your suffering because of it. Look up and go to an Alanon meeting or im sure there is a sub on Reddit. They will be able to give better advice.
The thing is she could get sober tomorrow any tomorrow. Sometimes the partner packing up turns the trick gets us willing to listen for answers. Your daughter needs you and her mother if her mother stays in her right mind. You may want to let her know you're at the edge of leaving with your child see if it rings her bell.
Have you had a frank discussion with her and told her that you are thinking of leaving? Maybe she doesn't understand that you're serious? I decided to stop drinking when my partner told me he would leave if I acted violently again. I went to AA the next day. I don't want to lose him and I hated the way my life was going for me as it was. But I didn't know how fed up and serious he was because I was not like this everyday. I didn't drink everyday I drank maybe 2x a week but maybe once a month I'd get so drunk and full of rage. Binge drinking. But boy did that kind of snap some sense into me. And maybe you need to have a very serious conversation about this and maybe have some kind of game plan in mind to discuss. Ultimatums don't work for everyone but it did for me. And I'm so thankful to have a chance at a better and sober life now. Good luck. Oh and please go to Al Anon. They are awesome.
