-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bh30ug/i_can_feel_myself_relapsing/

I'm almost two months sober. I make it to meetings when I can I got a sponsor who's SUCKS and am looking for another but I feel like I'm going to pick up a drink any moment now. I'm forgetting why I got sober there was no BIG thing just a bunch of little shit that made me feel like crap.... please help me
----------immediate responses--------

I don't love my sponsor either BUT just remember that they were put in your life for a reason and you can always find a new one. Maybe you were meant to meet your sponsor so you could learn what you don't want. What made you stop using in the first place?
Can you reach out to others in the program if your sponsor isn't available to you? Do you have others' phone numbers? Is there a meeting you can go to now to ask for support?
Think it through. How will you feel after you drink? Is that what you want? What other options do you have to choose from? What's one small thing you can do for yourself that would be a positive? Even something very small.
&gt;I'm forgetting why I got sober there was no BIG thing just a bunch of little shit that made me feel like crap..I'm guessing you got sober because of all the little shit that was making you feel like crap. Eventually that shit won't be little anymore and it won't just make you feel like crap it will kill you...Where are you on step work with your sponsor? Double down on that and get through the steps as quickly as possible. Call other sober friends and go to as many meetings as possible.
I'd pray for the compulsion to be removed. I pray on my knees.
Oh does your sponsor suck? I love when I hear that cracks me up. Get into action! Or don't and keep inching closer to the next drink.
Hey meditating thank you for posting...Let me first assure you that your sponsor may in fact completely suck. Coming into Alcoholics Anonymous we hear all kinds of things and some of them are completely absurd and useless to what the book refers to as a chronic alcoholic or real alcoholic...90 meetings in 90 days just don't drink and go to meetings change your people places and things let go and let god etc. All of these are to a point useful but none of them can offer a real alcoholic permanent sobriety...If you're wanting to be a part of the *program* of Alcoholics Anonymous the Big Book was designed to offer you a thorough description of what makes someone a real alcoholic a guide to self-diagnosis a concise set of instructions on how to recover from that condition and a powerful vision of what your life will be like once you recover...The first two sentences of the entire book say it best when they tell us the book is the story of how the first 100 people recovered and the purpose of writing it is to tell others precisely how they recovered...If this is not the message your sponsor has carried to you I would be leaning toward thinking they do indeed suck. ..When it comes to working with a newcomer the role of a sponsor is to be a recovered alcoholic who can take you through the 12 Steps. If your sponsor is not working intensively with you on that I would immediately find someone who fits that description so you can recover have the obsession removed from you and live a life that's unimaginably better than what you're living now...If you need tips on where to look in the Big Book or how to find a recovered person or anything else you can DM me.
