-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bh30m0/is_coffee_or_nicotine_a_relapse/

Let's be honest about how dependent we have been on these substances. We drink coffee in the morning to wake us up and give us a buzz. We smoke nicotine to get a buzz. Therefore wouldn't both of these be a relapse
----------immediate responses--------

No
I think relapse is a personal term. Personally I drink coffee but I know I'm too reliant on it. But because it doesn't interfere with my life I don't consider it a relapse.
Here's why I don't consider caffeine or nicotine a relapse or part of my addiction...I am physically dependent on caffeine without a doubt. If I don't drink a coffee one day I will have terrible withdrawal symptoms. I would have to taper off of caffeine slowly if I wanted to stop because I am physically dependent on it...But my use of caffeine lacks all the other features of the disease of addiction. The American Society of Addiction Medicine defines addiction as a primary chronic brain disease of brain reward motivation memory and related circuitry. Dysfunction in these circuits leads to characteristic biological psychological social and spiritual manifestations. This is reflected in an individual pathologically pursuing reward and/or relief by substance use and other behaviors...That definition is totally consistent with how I used drugs and alcohol and the way my life fell apart because of it. I wasn't just physically dependent on drugs and alcohol. My relationships were destroyed because of it. I got no pleasure or joy from anything other than drinking. I had no motivation for *anything* anymore. I did incredibly irresponsible things that I never would have otherwise done. Despite overwhelming evidence of negative effects in every area of my life I couldn't stop..."Addiction" doesn't describe my relationship with caffeine; physical dependence does. I have a coffee in the morning. I don't spend all of my money on coffee and keep buying more even though I know I won't be able to pay my rent. I don't drink so much coffee that I'm unable to drive safely and still decide to get in the car and drive to Starbucks for more endangering myself and everyone else on the road. I don't lie to my family members to get money for coffee. I don't blow off plans with my friends because all I want to do is drink coffee alone at home.
My personal belive but caffeine has never impaired my jugement. I think comparing alcohol to caffeine is a bit of a stretch.
just because its a relapse for you doesn't mean its a relapse for everyone. ..work your own program and check out /r/stopsmoking
Check out page 135 paragraph 2 &amp; 3 of the Big Book. It addresses it.  Why make a burning issue out of those things when more serious ailments are being cured? The book tells us that when the spiritual malady is overcome we straighten out mentally and physically.  The spiritual malady is the serious ailment being cured.
If coffeee and nicotine left you in pitiful incomprehensible demoralization then you should stay away. For everyone else this is AA
Deal with your addictions in the same order they're going to kill you. Sure give up smoking but you're probably ok with coffee.
No.
Omg...why did I even chime in on this dumb shit.
AA is pretty clear on page 135 of the Big Book Alcoholics Anonymous where is stands on Alcohol and Nicotine. So no it isn't a relapse.
