-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bh32mm/fuckin_afraid_im_afraid_of_getting_a_sponsor/

I've been going to meetings for 5 and a half weeks now. I've relapsed as many times. I know I need a sponsor. Every meeting I look at the people raising their hands when the chair asks for sponsors. I have even come to like a couple potential sponsors. But at the end of every meeting I find a bunch of stupid reasons not to approach them. ..I needed to vent this. I hope this is the right place to do so. And I hope some of you can relate. And maybe give me some advice or words of encouragement to get over my goddamn self
----------immediate responses--------

To be honest you're not really relapsing. You're still in your addiction not in recovery...I think a lot of people have experienced this fear. I did when I was new. The only advice I have is to just do it. People are putting up their hands to say that they are available to sponsor! They want you to ask! Think of this as a test. Do you want to be sober? Do you want real recovery and a life of peace that comes from working the 12 steps? If so all you have to do is approach someone and ask them to do something that they just explicitly stated they are available for and want to do. Just do it.
I knew once I committed to asking someone to sponsor me that also meant that I had to do some work. Best decision I made was getting a sponsor and going through the steps. It gave me the foundation I needed to really live a peaceful and sober life.
Take pressure off yourself and approach one of them and say you need a temporary sponsor or someone to work with to start on step 1. They may ask you if you are willing to go to any lengths to stay sober. You can do this.
Half measures availed us nothing. Do you find yourself standing at a turning point? I hope you do. I hope you've already lost enough to have the motivation to begin the program and to begin the program you need a sponsor.
It's all about action! You're just afraid it will be better on the other side of that fear!
I was terrified of speaking to people period. The more I over-thought and played out them saying no the scarier it got. My first sponsor's number was handed to me by my attorney. Can you believe he not only made me call a complete stranger but I had to ask for help?! That was the hardest thing ever but it changed my life forever. When she moved away I had to actually pick someone myself. A lot of people looked ok to me but one day I noticed I wanted what someone had and just knew I needed to ask. I probably seemed so lost at the time. She knew what I was asking of her even though I can't remember if I even asked for her to sponsor me. Being a sponsor I am elated to have someone ask me. It means I'm working the program and allows me to work Step 12. You aren't wasting anyone's time or burdening them. If they can't sponsor you then they'll direct you to someone who can. The meetings are for newcomers to be able to find us. If you see someone and you want what they have ask them.
I think this is the right place and I can relate. While the simplest advice is "just do it" that is not exactly helpful...First: what stops me from taking an action? Fear of course. It really does no harm to get better acquainted with the powers that are making all my decisions for me. It does not scare me any more to look at them in closer detail...What are we afraid of when picking a sponsor? ..He's going to order me around! I've heard them talk about it i know what's coming. - truth is he can't make you do anything he may wish he could when he suggests something that will save your life and you stubbornly refuse but you always have your free will and a sponsor cannot take it away from you. They simply apply  the pressure that only the truth can generate and THAT is probably another fear...I'm going to have to tell him all my secrets! - again if you choose not to it will not happen this is not advisable but you are always in the driver's seat until you choose to get out or until you see who or what has actually been doing all the driving up until this point while you thought you were...A sponsor is someone just like you who has grown and you will be helping them as much or more than they help you if you allow them...I had a tremendous fear of letting anyone in because up until that point whenever i had tried to talk about my problems I felt it had gone very poorly. i felt people did not understand me they were quick to dismiss me because I was unimportant and i never liked any of the answers or help i received...I think you will find ALL of this has changed when you share with another alcoholic oh you may still not like the answers but in the back of your mind you will know they are the truth. In many cases your sponsor will know you BETTER than you know yourself and that is a very unique situation and it allows them to help you while not getting confused by all of your issues. They can see things clearly while you only think you can and you will eventually trust this person and do things that you think are stupid just because he encourages you to and you will be amazed at the results...I could say it another way but it is so distasteful to alcoholics "I'm picking an authority figure to boss me around"  I hear this a lot not in these words exactly but the meaning comes through strong. Alcoholics simply will not give up one iota of control to anything even though we are doing such a poor job at it ourselves...I can put it this way God has picked out another alcoholic who is farther down the road than you are to walk back and help you take your first steps towards freedom Your job is just to get out of your way and don't let your fears keep you from asking this person for help when god puts him in your path...I hope something in there was helpful maybe it just sounds like crazy gibberish......
I prayed for the willingness and courage to.ask someone to be my sponsor.
If it's too difficult to go up to someone at the end of a meeting why don't you go up to them at the beginning of the meeting?  Show up 15 minutes early and when the first one of the folks that you "like" walks through the door ask them.  Don't wait just ask the very first one you see.  That way your HP is doing the picking...Look.  I was terrified too.  I couldn't bring myself to ask directly so I asked a co-worker who was in AA to pick a sponsor for me and introduce us.  I was pretty much told that that was not how it was supposed to be done but I said "please" and my co-worker relented.  To this day I'm sure if I was lucky or just incredibly arrogant but I got and stayed sober so I guess there's that.
I relate!! Try to remember that anybody raising their hand wants you to ask! If there is anyone there you feel comfortable with tell them  I need to get a sponsor but I'm afraid. 
Just stand up and say I need a sponsor please. ..I can however relate to your fear. I had exactly the same feelings...But if your group is big on sponsorship you will be ok. ..All it is an hour once a week. Your sponsor will talk about his own life. Read from the big book and you can comment talk about yourself. Some like you to phone each day at a set time. ..You are helping him as much as he is helping you. ..Your Friend John.        
