-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bhpatl/where_do_i_start/

I'm sitting here in my room at 1:45 in the afternoon another job down the shitter and half a bottle of vodka deep.. my two year old runs up to me calling my name wanting me to play but all I ever do is sit around and get drunk and smoke cigarettes... he's getting to the point to where he is looking up to me and copying everything I do... every time he see's a beer can he says daddy and every time he's in the kitchen he points at my bottle and says daddy.. I want to set a good example for my son and don't want to be an alcoholic for the rest of my life.. I've struggled with a drinking problem since I was 17 and I'm 22 now and I don't know what to anymore.. I can seem to get my shit together .. I guess what I'm asking for is some advice on getting sober and staying sober
----------immediate responses--------

I mean you're posting here so I'll give it to you straight. Go to a meeting google your city name + Alcoholics Anonymous and you will find meetings. Go to one and listen. If you have a desire to stop drinking and stay stopped we can help. Addiction left untreated is fatal. AA saved my life.  This simple program does work if you work it.
Help is out there!!!! There are treatment centers that take insurance. Or AA meetings which are free. I've found that I cannot beat this thing alone. You have incredible strength and courage since you're posting on here and being open and honest. That's the first step. You can do this. You deserve more from life. It will get better
I found I had to keep an open mind. Listen and learn. I tried many differant meetings. If I was not comfortable or felt the meeting was not me I went to another. AA literally helped save my life...I am happy today. I have changed over time. I accept who I am and that I need help and I hope to always be teachable and to keep being a better me each day...Your Friend John        
The time passes quickly. If your son has a sober dad he may identify his own problem sooner if he has this thing too. Be the example he may need before long.
Join us at r/stopdrinking as well.
