-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bih71e/i_want_my_life_back_again_i_feel_like_im_on_the/


----------immediate responses--------

My first relapse happened after 1.5 years..I let my self get coerced by people around me (which I cut out by now)..I felt disgusted by myself and was dissapointed. .I felt so weak and I hated IT. ..Now everytime I get tempted I think back to that moment and use it. .I hate how I felt and I never want to feel this way again..I'm not perfect but I am not weak. .I know what I want and I will get it.
Go to a meeting. If you're suffering through withdrawals you should go to the ER/see a doctor. Possibly consider a detox.
Welcome Home!
  
Please hang on in there mate  Meeting's you know the score &amp; Share get john barleycorn away from you  pick up the phone  good site here 
Relapse is in the past and be careful not to repeat it. You control you. This is a bitch of a disease nothing has tasted better in the last two months to than strength
Don't drink and go to meetings. .Your 1 job right now should be to not drink for the next 8 hours
Relapse is part of this vicious disease. Don't let it distract you. Reach out go to a meeting PM someone. Don't let the relapse determine your next day. You do that. Learn from this forgive yourself and back to working your program. In every mistake there are learning opportunities. One day at a time.  Our disease is cunning baffling powerful and also patient.  
Did you have a sponsor?  What step were you on?  That's how we stay sober in AA.
Another good subreddit to go to stopdrinking
I had 158 days. Now I'm back at day one. I'm in the hospital. Might have to have surgery tomorrow. I've been looking forward to giving my son my 6 month chip. He knows I'm trying to be sober. I don't want to drink again. It's not the escape it used to be. I'm just disappointed in myself.
Keep going. Just hang on. It will get better I hate that sayingbut it's true..Good luck and well done.
One hour at a time is as good as one day at a time
Have to go detox.Just about to loose my jib for this
Staying sober for a lifetime can be daunting but you have already proven you are capable of doing that. Keep going 30 minutes at a time. Your example is keeping me sober. Reach out if needed. I will be up for the next 3 hours.
