-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bjmuug/advice_for_sharing_my_journey_experience_strength/

I was asked to speak about my experience with alcoholism and sobriety at the treatment facility I attended. I am 2 weeks away from being 1 year sober and to get here I we t through an outpatient treatment a liver transplant at age 28 another outpatient treatment 4 inpatient treatments and an outpatient treatment again all over the span of a 2 years 2 months. ..I'm not nervous about sharing my experiences I just am not sure how to start. I didn't drink ever until I was 20 started having dependency issues and 25 after 3 back surgeries and then 3 years later had a liver transplant. ..My biggest question is how much detail is too much. There are so many things that happened in the last 5 years for me im having trouble guaging how much to share about my active addiction years vs my years of actively fighting between sobriety and chronic relapses to the last year of sobriety. ..I appreciate all advice! TIA!
----------immediate responses--------

I like the "what it was like what happened what it's like now" format. .My home group is solution based so for a 20 minute share we have a timer at 10 to remind the speaker it's time to get into 'what it's like now' if they haven't yet.
Depending on the time limit pretty much what the other responder said. When i was in treatment I was screwed. I wanted to hear some hope about recovery rather than a drunkalog. ..What you mentioned about your history on your post is awesome.  Short and sweet lets me know that you qualify.  Speak from the heart and yuh you can't go w wrong. .Good luck!
I listened to a lot of AA speakers and found what I liked and applied it to my story. For instance I did a brief qualify then walked through my experience working the 12 steps touching on each step. Of course first pray we are just the instrument for God to get His message out. We always give 3 talks- the one we plan on - the one we give- the one we thought we should have given. God's got this you will do great.
Just talk. All AA's are keen to scripted type shenanigans. Let your higher power rip the message. You're just a vehicle no pressure at all!
I'd start with a bit of qualifying as an alcoholic (about a third of the time) and then spend the rest of the time talking about my experience with a sponsor and the steps and how that has changed my life.
What I used to be like what happened what I am like now. Limit the drunkalog share the transformation.
