-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bjp5qa/alcoholic_partner_is_two_different_people/

I'm not sure where to post this. My partner has been a very serious alcoholic for many years. He has finally .. last May become  sober . After delirium tremens and hospital stays and almost liver failure and just horrible sickness. But in the past year he has been on an off for the first time before he was 24 hours every day of his life drunk. Now he is sober for a month at a time or two weeks at a time but will binge for a week or two weeks and a couple of times up to a month straight. This last year has been a rollercoaster and very traumatic. When he's sober he is genuinely happy!! He has even expressed this to me how glad he is to be where he is now and to be sober and how much he loves our life together and we ride bikes go to dinner.. and we're genuinely happy. Lots of laughs. But then he'll start with  I'm gonna have a beer I can have a beer if I want to   just want to have a beer like everyone else nothing crazy  and every time he does this he becomes instantly a person I don't recognize. He whines and complains and cries and picks fights with me and insults me and is horribly miserable and becomes out of control drinking until he drinks so much again that he isn't even leaving the bed anymore. Then it is a nightmare struggle to quit and become sober again. This has happened probably 20 times in the past year so I can't understand how he never remembers what happens when he takes the drink!!! He goes from happy sober and I tell him.. remember what happened the last 15 times.. and he is angry. And as soon as he has the first drink he is basically possessed there is no reaching him and he has already forgotten his happiness the day and weeks before. He remembers nothing of being happy and sober! I can't wrap my head around this. And he refuses treatment or aa because  he can do it on his own .
----------immediate responses--------

Check out AlAnon. It's a program for people who are affected by someone else's alcoholism and it can help you get well whether or not your partner is willing to do the same...r/alanon
Alanon can answer all your questions.
He's an active alcoholic. Misery ahead for you I'm sorry to say.
Thanks for your responses   I appreciate it
