-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bk2i06/relapse/

i had 31 days and i was doing so well. yes things were hard still and i was still incredibly sad about a breakup but i was handling things better. then i went to my cousins wedding saturday and drank. nothing bad really happened but i was hungover and sad the next day. then that same day i was hungover i got a flight for a work trip and while in Texas i drank i got drunk with coworkers then got drunk in the airport bar waiting for my flight. called my ex a 1000 times and today i am just humiliated. i told my sponsor and friend i relapsed but i hate myself for it. i am so incredibly sad today.
----------immediate responses--------

We've all been there...It's not about what you did; it's how you respond NOW...Go to a meeting. Talk to your sponsor. Meditate. Pray...We've all felt what you are feeling. It may not feel like it but today can be the first day of the rest of your life. Don't let that slip away.
When I did stuff like this it just proved to me that every time I started drinking some shit was going to eventually happen that wouldn't have happened had I not been drinking or recuperating from it. It could be I humiliated myself in front of people I could be fired I could drive drunk go to jail for killing someone driving drunk. It progresses. The drunks get closer together they last longer. I could quit for years start again and be back the same way and start progressing from there. Once I start drinking I'm powerless over taking that next one. And soon my life is going to become unmanageable because I'm going to be in front of a judge locked up or dead. And then I will quit drinking! I'd rather do it the AA way.
You're here and trying again.  You only fail when you stop trying.
It happens sometimes. I am going through a serious ruff patch with my partner. I went behind her back and went to other women. Now the stress from that sometimes makes me want to give up and drink. My alcoholism tells me when shit goes wrong to drink. Even if it is not about her when shit gets ruff my wet fucking brain says drink. I have been trying to get sober for about 5 years. I jus recently went back to aa. I'm around 2 and a half weeks sober. I was out doing research for almost a year and it almost cost me everything this time. I get the not leaving ur ex alone when ur drunk. I do the same shit too. But it does get better . Go to a meeting because you have brothers and sisters there who can help. Good luck dude  
