-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bk358m/as_a_childyoung_adult_i_used_to_judge_my/

However as a person in my 30s I am struggling with my own alcoholism and sobriety. I have a newfound appreciation for those that fought hard for their sobriety and continue to work hard to stay sober. I also feel respect and deep sadness for those that lost their battle. Especially the loved ones I have lost to alcoholism or addiction. Just wanted to say that all of you guys on this sub have been helpful in one way or another. Maybe it's an encouraging comment a post you made or information you provided. Thanks you guys! Im struggling but this sub always make me feel better!
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone. I'm also in my 30s and judge my mom and dad HEAVILY for their respective forays into addiction. I have a lot more empathy for their struggles now.
r/adultchildren can help there'll will be ACoA meetings near you or online at www.intherooms.com
My younger brother was really struggling with drug addiction and I would always go off on him and actually didn't speak to him for s year after we sent him to rehab for 6 months and he came out to an all mighty bender. Cue two years later and he convinced me to join AA (I had been an alcoholic in denial for 25 years). Just over 8 months sober now and I've told him over again how sorry I was and how ignorant to addiction I've been if not for him I'd have lost my second wife my family home and friends.
I too experienced this..My cousin was a meth head..I would always be hateful and mean to her and tell her to get her shit together....Then i became alcoholic..Made amends...Shes got about 4 years.Im almost 2
Hi thanks for your post. I too was judgemental and thought I would be different. My alcoholism has been progressive and kept getting worse and more out of control.  Luckily I found a solution in AA and am learning how to live without needing to drink. Have you been to a meeting yet? ..r/women_in_recovery
