-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bk4s86/two_weeks_sober_tomorrow/

Hey folks..&amp;#x200B;..First time poster here. I am 30 years old. I am here to share my story and compare experiences from other people and hopefully find a network to slay this demon. I had my first drink at 17. From the first few times I started drinking  I thought I was "an alcoholic" I don't believe that's the right word to describe someone who has not yet developed a dependency... but I had very strong genetic pre-disposition on both sides of my family. ..Immediately when I started drinking I had this feeling in my body a hunger that I wanted to drink. The only way I can describe it were that my "arms were thirsty". ..I was always very aware of this and for the next 13 years I drank without cessation. I never let the habit get into my professional life. I never had a problem showing up to work hungover. I never let it get in the way with my career development directly...That's what I thought...Over time when I had a very difficult time with my life... I always found myself in the bottle. ..I had a particular event happen when I was 27 an that really solidified my problem... ..It's a sneaky thing how this comfort became a real struggle. A grey line. Two weeks ago I said enough is enough. I am tired of this drink taking things from me. ..But I have said this before. Many times. I have quit many times...Right now when I see a drink I don't think "I wish I could have that." I have a great fear that if I go back... I will lose more...I don't know what I am going for here folks.....How have you quit drinking? What have you found to be useful when you have that little feeling in the back of your head "one drink will be okay."
----------immediate responses--------

Moderating alcohol consumption is such bizarre a concept for me. It's not a food group. It's not a mineral or vitamin you need at least trace amounts of. You need zero of it to live perfectly happy...It's ingested for the sole purpose of producing the feeling of intoxication. So what is a moderate amount? A little drunk almost always? Very drunk very seldom? So little that you can't even tell you drank at all? What is the fucking point?..That is what is say to myself best to you
Write down the amount of times one drink has not led to more and has been ok. Then write down the amount of times drinking has gotten you into trouble. Keep the list on you at all times. look at it when that voice tells you "just one" will be ok...&amp;#x200B;..You aint alone in those thoughts OP. Theres millions of us out there exactly the same as you. We just decide not to drink just for today. Just for 24 hours at a time. My suggestion is to find an AA Meeting near you and go to the soonest one. Go today if possible.   ...At worst you will find a group of people that have been through are going through and will go through what you are. At best you will find an entirely new life.  ...Good luck. You honestly don't ever need to drink again.
Keep going it keeps getting better and better. I feel content which was the main feeling that drugs and alcohol provided for me. Never would have thought that it was possible but the promises are real
Welcome! First off - along with this sub you can also start reading what people are saying over in r/stopdrinking r/alcoholism and also in r/recovery which is more broad than just alcoholism. There are other similar subs and other recovery programs as well that have their own subs too.  ...When you want to quit drinking reach out anywhere and everywhere and throw as many lifelines as you can! AA is a great place to start so you're in the right place. Hang out here and listen to people but if you can try and get to some meetings as well. People will welcome you and will be friendly; we're all in the same boat and are there to help keep each other sober. Welcome and good luck!
That voice that calls for a drink goes away after u have been sober and working a program. I have 5m. And I've been in aa about a year. I had a relapse bc I thought maybe I really could drink like others drink. That wasn't the case for me. I think once u have alcoholism there's no going back to drinking like a normal. That shipped has sailed. I know now I can't drink. I'll lose more. I have a healthy fear of alcohol. I think when u go to Meetings work the steps and find a higher power u get the tools u need to stay this beast.  Just take it slow day by day. We get a daily reprieve each day.  Congrats on 2 weeks. I hope this helps.
I'm 30 days sober today just joined this page actually but I feel you man I started when I was 15 and I'm about to be 27. I lost my ex who left me after all the drinking and I've been going through a horrible custody battle with her sadly being sober now I realize how much I've lost and the family I could of have. I got a dui as well but in the end I'm happy to be able to say I don't want to drink anymore. To answer you question my daughter keeps me going I don't want her to ever see the monster I was.
