-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bkytiz/struggling_when_do_the_promises_happen/

I'm struggling at the moment with a relationship breakdown and an health issue. I know AA doesn't stop life happening but I still feel discontented. I'm almost 6 months sober and on step 4 with a sponsor.  I just want those promises.
----------immediate responses--------

Give it time. I was so annoyed because everyone told me I would be on a pink cloud my first year- but I was miserable having meltdowns constantly and crying at the drop of a hat.4+ years in with more struggles I've finally found peace and I am content...It's cheesy but don't quit before the miracle happens. I think the first year is super rough because you don't have alcohol as a coping mechanism and many of us are facing things head on for the first time ever. Give it time it will get better...Also talk to your sponsor and other sober folks about how you're feeling. I guarantee that most if not all people in meetings have felt the same way you do. Share. People are there to help and support you...Good luck and feel free to pm if you need to talk
Hi Matthew thanks for your post!..My absolute favorite thing about the 12 Steps of Alcoholics Anonymous as they are written in the Big Book is that they're laid out as clear directions to be followed in order and at different places we're given a guide of where we should be if we've followed those directions closely...People call these the Promises. More specifically if you read where they are in the book you'll see that the main ones are the 9th Step promises and the 10th Step promises...If you aren't to that point in the process it wouldn't make sense for you to have gotten those results yet right?..Take the steps and you will get the results. To paraphrase the book they will always materialize if we are open honest and willing.
Some really great promises happen at Step 3 other great promises happen at Step 5.  ..&amp;#x200B;..The promises most people refer to and what are frequently read in meetings (the 12 promises) happen during Step 9.
Ime not nearly fast enough for any of us. Keep on.
The first year of sobriety is hard which is why so few people make it.  I'm at 10 months and just starting step 9.  I'm just a few months beyond you and I am feeling more peace and contentment most days. I have to remember that my drinking career was long and change takes time. I do believe the people in the rooms and have already seen how much better my life is if I don't drink.  I'm an impatient alcoholic however and I want it all now! I work my program- go to meetings work the steps am willing communicate with my HP and most importantly- don't drink!  Sometimes quickly sometimes slowly- they will always materialize if we work for them.
Kudos for six months /u/matthew6978!
There are a load of promises in the Big Book after step 5 - "we can look the work in the eye...". The ones that are read out in meetings are typically the step 9 promises "If we are painstaking about this phase in our development..." (This phase being steps 8 and 9) . Butt he ones I like best - the ones that I signed up for when I first started coming to AA - are the step 10 promises "If tempted we recoil as if from a hot flame". It's quite clear in the Big Book when they will come. They are all in the chapter "Into Action" which suggest that they will only work for us if we work for them.
