-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bl8pmj/i_am_not_sure_what_i_am_doing/

I had been goin b to AA meetings for almost 6 months. I was a secretary.  At one point I didn't think I had a problem. I started attending meetings with my fianc e to help him.  He is a self admitted alcoholic and I started attending to help him get sober. We went to meeting every day.  He would relapse and drink every week or every two weeks but I didn't.  Eventually we started reading the big book and I started to see myself  and when we got to chapter 8 I was pretty mind blown to read my description. ..Needless to say  I heard the message.  I found a sponsor and started working the steps but I only made it to step two.  My fianc 's dad passed away and everything changed.  I had been sober almost 6 months ... I was a week away.  After his dad died he went out and got drunk.  I got mad and retaliated by getting drunk and high.  I came to the realization that I am an alcoholic... I have done things that are not normal.  Currently I have been on nearly a two month spree.... drinking and smoking weed (I am primarily a pot smoker. Drinking second but because it is cheaper that weed sometimes it's first). I enrolled and finished a short vocational school career but I am still drinking and smoking regularly. I am actually trying to pursue a job while getting fucked up. What am I doing? Why?..I am constantly debating with myself.... am I happy? Am I doing the right thing? Should I start going to meetings again? Why can't I keep promises to myself? Why am I drunk 5-6days a week.... for the last two months... Why was it so hard to get 6 months of sobriety?
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly? My first 3 were the worst. I had a hard time changing my environment to a more posstive and self controled surrounding. I started with a gal but then had to push that off so I could continue recovery. I see her as an enabler and an actual trigger for my disease. I took some solo time (splitting up hurt like hell) to keep.sober and focus on my goals. That was the turning point. Life was alot smoother when I could hold EVERYTHING around me in context. I have a year and a half now. I am an alcoholic AND an addict. So my view on weed is similar to my take on booze. I dont use either anymore and I am actually alot happier. I ask you take a min or three to focus on what are you trying to mask (we use to feel better) and what is actually causing your grief. Focus on that and sobriety and you will find a turning point too. Good luck and prayin for ya.
It took me 6 years to get 6 months. I didnt become alcoholic over night and i didnt get sober over night. I needed to be beaten into submission. Some of us are like that. Even after 4+ yrs i still have no idea what im doing. I take it one day or hour at a time. Good luck!!!
I know those voices well. I call them the committee. (This is a reference from an old Guy Finley tape). Anyhow finding some serenity was only possible by stopping drinking and working on some spiritual connection. Breaking the cycle of drinking being hungover and repeating was hard but has benefited me in ways I did not anticipate. I am rooting for you. Best wishes.  
It took me 4 years to get a 30 day chip.  During those 4 years I didn't have a sponsor and so did no steps.  I got a sponsor and did the steps and have been sober ever since. ..If you want to get sober and stay sober I'd suggest getting through Step 5 ASAP. That's where we begin to have a spiritual awakening which is the way to stay sober with the program of AA.
