-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bliegs/new_to_aa_need_a_meeting_but_cant_get_to_one_this/

I effed up pretty bad and am 14 days sober again... Only been in AA for a little less than a month. It's a safety net for me and I'm struggling pretty hard this time. The only meetings available are 6 and 8 tonight. My son has a band concert smack dab in the middle at 7. This is new territory for me. I'm struggling guys. Help is appreciated!
----------immediate responses--------

Distraction is good. What instrument does your son play?
There are meetings you can download that are just like the real thing. There's a podcast called AA Meetings On Air: New Zealand and I have listened to that when I couldn't get to a meeting because of shift work or location (rural Mongolia). I found it super helpful. Otherwise call up someone from the program and chat.
My daughter would hope her mom helps herself in this position. Not worry about her. Don't know if that helps?
Online meetings here www.intherooms.com..There's a meeting on right now
Have a sponsor yet? Only takes 2 people to have a meeting. Call another group member and chat it up. In lieu of that if all else fails messege me and we can do a meeting.
I usually make a couple of phone calls to people I have met in the meetings...Seems to work just fine.
try listening to a speaker on YouTube
First- congrats on 2 week! When I struggle I reach out for help- like you did. I call a friend look at posts on sobriety subreddits - this one r/stopdrinking r/women_in_recovery  read the Big Book ask for help from my HP and know that I am powerless but I can **not** drink tonight. The craving will pass. Hang in there I know my kids concerts are way better sober and I am a much better mom because I am sober.
I listened to AA speaker tapes there are some awesome ones online - check out Earl H...Also watched you tube videos drug or alcohol related movies about recovery stopdrinking is a great subreddit you can read for days.....lots to do.
Welll fuck. I fucked up AGAIN! ..I went to the 6 meeting made it to hear my son's first two pieces then jetted to make the 8. I broke down at the end of the meeting it's my dad's birthday today and I have so much damn hate for him. I left drove straight to the liquor store and sat there. I texted my sponsor but she's busy with her kids and I don't blame her for not responding. I'm an adult. A fucking adult. And I chose to walk inside and buy vodka. ..I fucked up.
Remember that AA is about the program that helps you find a higher power. The meetings and fellowship support the program - they themselves aren't the program...Relying on a human power like meetings for our sobriety can put us in a tough spot if there aren't meetings available - but we always have our higher power.
Call your sponsor
I think this is when you would call your sponsor for a chat. This is exactly what they are for.
