-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/blmbju/quittingrelapsing_guilt/

Hey. This is my first time ever writing a thread on a subreddit. I am 19 years old and I have been drinking almost everyday since I was 16. I used- finish one or two bottles of wine all alone until last week when I had the heaviest hangover ever after three weeks of binging alcohol. I realised that Saturday that it cannot go on like this. I will start therapy supposedly in August- a behavioral therapy for Borderline Personality Disorder. I went 8 days without drinking and yesterday I relapsed and had a beer. I feel so guilty now. (It was a strong blackbeer with about 10% alc). It didn't feel good it made me feel sick and like I was about to throw up. I hated the feeling of being slightly drunk. Yet it is so hard for me to stay completely sober- I used to smoke weed for one year everyday then the alcohol found it's path in my life. I took many other drugs last year as well of which I quit all. The only hard thing is this damn alcohol. It's everywhere on family events in my boyfriends house (he still lives w/ his parents) whenever I go grocery shopping... I seriously do not know what to do. I actually have to stay sober to get access to therapy- they make a drug screening test to see if you are ''ready'' for this form of therapy. (65% of people with Borderline Personality Disorder also have a form of addiction). I lost my mom to a terrible sickness at age 15 my friends at age 16 and some other friends to my attitude when I'm drunk. I wanted to reach out for the AA in my town- but I am too afraid to go since I am quite sure I will be the only youngster there I am sure most of the people there will be about 40 or older. Is relapsing a sign that you can't quit? How do I deal with the strong urge to drink? What do you guys do? I am really sorry for the spelling errors though english isn't my first language actually I'm from germany. It took courage to write all this...if you read it all thank you very much for your time.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I am quite sure I will be the only youngster there I am sure most of the people there will be about 40 or older...What makes you think this? There are lots of people under 40 in AA. I went to my first meeting a week after my 21st birthday. There were other young people in the rooms back then and there are lots today...Why not go to a meeting and see if you hear anything that resonates with you? Most meetings are an hour long so the risk is that you waste an hour of your life. But the potential reward is that you hear something that sparks your interest and you find a way out of the hopeless situation you're in right now. It's worked for lots of people (old and young) and it can work for you too. What do you have to lose by checking out a meeting?
No need to feel guilt about drinking - it's not that remarkable that an alcoholic drinks despite our desire not to. Lack of power around alcohol is what makes us alcoholics. We need to find a power.
I think you could really benefit from going to meetings. I was 24 and I did not drink every day. I could not stop drinking when i would start and i would wake up in the morning and pour the rest of the bottle out in disgust. I wanted to never drink again. I came to AA meetings and i sat and listened and i heard people say things that blew me away. I was afraid to tell people personal stuff but here were brave alcoholics who would stand up in front of a group and share the most intimate things and when they did i started to identify and after hearing enough of them i KNEW i was an alcoholic too and i knew what i had to do.
"The only requirement is a desire to stop drinking" ... So naturally this is across the board with no age factor. You will be welcomed.  ..Good on you for reaching out here. The questions you ask solutions can be found in A.A. It's a simple program aimed for long term and contented sobriety. Please do go to a meeting. ..Nothing will be required of you just come on in sit down and listen. Likely is you will hear similarities and then know you belong if you want to as much as anyone else with a drinking problem. That's how we roll...That said A.A. is not a cure all. So yes please also go to therapy. (I did so myself after 6-yrs sober and glad I did.) ..Th guilt the shame. Doing my 8th &amp; 9th steps (of the 12-Steps that we do) which addresses people we have harmed I was taught to put myself at the top of the list. As we can be so hard on ourselves. And in doing so I learned to forgive myself. And in turn this made it more possible to forgive others also...Hope this gives a bit of an idea of what A.A. is all about?  Thank you in return for writing here. Best to you.
