-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bm8415/looking_for_advice_when_there_are_hardly_any/

I went to my first meeting last week and I loved it. But I ended up relapsing a few days later on my birthday. And then a few days after that. Feeling like shit for it but now I'm on day 3 and trying my best...I live in a very rural area in France. There is only 1 meeting here a week in a reasonable distance from me. I have a friend from the meeting who has said we can meet for coffee any time or I can call her in moments of weakness but I don't want to burden her all the time...I am really struggling and need some advice as to what I can do other than my once a week meeting.....Any tips appreciated
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I have a friend from the meeting who has said we can meet for coffee any time or I can call her in moments of weakness but I don't want to burden her all the time...You're not burdening her. There's a saying in AA that we only keep what we have by giving it away. She is offering her support to help you but also to help herself. By taking her up on her offer and accepting her support you are helping her as much or more than she is helping you...Attending a meeting once a week can be sufficient if the rest of your recovery program is strong. Meetings are the fellowship but the AA program that helps us get and stay sober is working the steps. Ask the women you know from the meeting (or someone else if you prefer) to take you through the steps. If you commit to this fully and honestly one meeting a week can easily be enough.
There are online meetings available. I participated in this one and really enjoyed it:
Getting a sponsor and taking the steps is the main thing for staying sober meetings are important but less so.  ..I'd recommend getting a sponsor and getting going on the steps.  Then after a few months and you've done the steps you can start a meeting for the next person!
There are online meetings here www.intherooms.com
Call your friend you will be helping her stay sober no burden at all.
Could you and your friend start a new meeting in the area? It only takes 2 people   
