-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bmf034/step_1/

Hey everyone I am curious about what it was that made you finally commit to quit drinking for good. I have heard many people talk about relapse (especially relapsing many times) and how they suddenly "got it". I am asking because I have been sober for almost 4 years but I really feel like I am white knuckling it and am going to relapse. I think I need to go back to step 1...
----------immediate responses--------

For me what it was was relapsing after a long period of white knuckling it.  And nothing bad happened externally--I just woke up hungover the next day--but I drank on a night when I really didn't want to drink and couldn't believe I was in that place again.  I truly had no control over myself.  And I figured instead of waiting for something bad to happen which I knew would based on my history why not go to a meeting.  And it was awesome and I am so glad that I went.   I felt such relief at finally saying the words.
Waking up in my own puke and piss. (I hope it was mine but im not sure abt that  ) even all that wasnt the breaking point. That feeling inside of me that i cant live like that. I was a broken person. I knew something had to change.
It's not uncommon for people to reboot their program after a period of time. I did it got a new sponsor and started over at Step 1. I'm glad I did that.
From your language i think you misunderstand you don't commit or stay strong or fight hard or any of the other cliches that people throw around ( i find them annoying ) you SURRENDER...What does that mean? How do i surrender? answering those two questions is the start of the process. If you are alcoholic and you are looking for something you can use to beat alcohol back and master it and control it you are heading in the wrong direction right from the start and likely won't make it far.
Bravo for almost 4 years!          ..Relapse is NOT a necessary part of recovery. I have decades of sobriety thanks to therapist treatment and working the 12 steps with a sponsor.  Going back to Step 1 and remembering what happens when you drink is a wise idea. ..What made you stop drinking four years ago?
to be 4 years in active recovery (assuming you did the steps and attend meetings and enjoying life to some extent) seems strange to me. ..I could see how someone would struggle the first 2 years at most but wow. ..Think back to when you first got sober why then.. for me I had a huge body of evidence that flat out declared that whenever I drink bad things happen despite my best intentions.
