-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bmf6fq/i_was_sober_in_aa_for_14_years/

I got sober at 16. I spent most of my adult life sober and loving AA. For 8 years I was gung-ho and on fire for the program. I went to 3 meetings a week had commitments at those meetings had service commitments outside of those meetings ran a panel at a women's recovery center called my sponsor every day and sponsored other women. I was constantly busy but I wanted all the promises and I wanted to be accepted by my fellow AA's. ..I got into a relationship in year 8. He was adorable and I fell in love like right away. We argued a lot though and he was always upset that I spent so much time with friends/sponsees. So I gradually stopped doing that. Then he relapsed on heroin and started hitting me. ..He shared in a meeting about this and afterwards I had women come up to me telling me that I was sick needed help and needed to leave him. One woman in particular called all of my sponsees and asked them all to find a new sponsor. The men in the group however went over to him and told him he was brave for admitting his mistakes and that they were proud of him. This is when my relationship with AA started to break down. ..About two years into this relationship my mom died. She was my best friend and my only family. I couldn't get ahold of anyone. Everyone in AA was too busy for me. So I stopped going. I had been feeling out of place for a long time at this point. And I hated the lies I read in the big book (namely the chapter "To Wives"). ..I had been struggling to find a woman in AA at this point that I could respect or look up to. I felt like I had grown out of AA. ..Shortly after this I met my now husband. He's a normie and by far the best man I've ever known. He supported me going back to AA and he supported me six months later when I decided I made the right choice in leaving. He also supported me seven months ago when I came to him after 14 years of sobriety and said that I wanted to try drinking. ..There are parts of the program that are engrained in me and have made me a better person. But I'm so glad I'm not in AA anymore. I drink normally now and have no indications of problem drinking. I don't live a life constantly afraid of being judged or doing something wrong anymore. ..I just want to let you know if you're out there -it's ok to leave AA. I was so afraid because AA taught me that if I stopped going to meetings I would drink and I would die. This may be true for some but it wasn't true for me. ..I remember a good friend of mine (who hasn't bothered to talk to me since I left AA...I wonder if she even noticed I was gone?) Said to me one time: "no one ever comes back to tell us how great it is out there." But that's because we don't come back when it's great only when it isn't. ..Consider this me coming back to tell you that it can be great outside of AA if you're unhappy in AA. I'm not trying to convince anyone to leave who doesn't want to I'm just sharing my experience strength and hope with you all that if you want to leave and you feel it's holding you back - it may not be a death sentence. But that's for you to seek inside yourself to decide. ..I was out of AA for years when I decided to try drinking. And it was a conscious well thought out decision with the support of my husband. I'm not trying to give anyone an excuse to go drink or use drugs. I'm just saying that maybe at the end of the day AA cured me of my alcoholism and allowed me to drink like a lady...Sorry for the long post! And I'm not looking for any hate judgement etc. Nor am I casting shade on AA. Just sharing my story as it stands today. Thanks for reading if you got this far.
----------immediate responses--------

The  cult aspect  of AA tends to make going out a cardinal sin - and indeed for the majority of long-time sober AA's it likely is the beginning of the end.  My observation is that AA's tend to  pile onto  bad news of a  slip  or missing brother/sister as if something is terribly wrong but the fact is that sometimes nothing is wrong...I was a periodic binge drinker - drank until late 30's with few negative consequences other than constantly fractured relationships.   By the time I found AA I was a PhD and a General Manager in a large software company.   I managed to stay sober for nearly 16 years and then decided to try drinking.  Geographic moves necessitated by business removed the worry of letting down my Home Group since I had none.  I returned to a modified version of the occasional binge drinker.  The only notable difference was more fractured relationships.  But my career soared.  At the end I was CEO of a 5000 employee organization...When I decided to retire I greatly feared to story on Pp 32-33 of the Big Book.   I returned to AA and started over taking serious work on the Steps.   I never really answered the question  are you an alcoholic  but I found no need to.   Although I had no negative outcomes from drinking (other than the relationship stuff) I knew that I was happier sober and for sure without 12-14 hour work days to occupy me I was a great risk of falling into the Pg 32 story.   Now it is 14 years later.  I am old but fairly joyous and free but still not very good at relationships...In all of those years I recall 3 AA friends who returned to drink and did just fine.  One was a Postal worker lady - she had over 20 years and returned to moderate drink.  I saw her often at the Post Office and she seemed fine.  A retired Navy Captain pulled a similar stunt.  A horse lover lady was a meeting secretary for years.  She returned to occasional drink and seems fine years later.  The point being that we never know exactly what goes on between the ears of another.  And if they can  drink like a gentleman our hats (should be) off to them .   But I know that for me I need to keep alcohol out of my life and I am grateful to AA for that.  I try hard not to judge others and to never criticize the personal decisions of others.
Thank you for sharing I'm glad to have read another perspective for sure. Even the big book says if you can drink right-about-face like a gentleman (normal person) our hats are off to you.  Sounds like you gave it thorough consideration and at the end of the day it is whatever works for YOU. If there is one thing I have learned it is not to judge what others do. Best to you.
You have to listen to this This American Life episode! [https://www.thisamericanlife.org/539/the-leap](https://www.thisamericanlife.org/539/the-leap) ..A woman got sober as a teen became a YPAA circuit speaker. After decades sober she begins to doubt she was ever an alcoholic at all. No tragic ending just a fascinating story you'll probably relate to...I know there are many people out there who left AA and did fine but like you say we don't hear from them bc they have no reason to come back and tell us. We do hear from all the people for whom it wasn't fine. I err on the side of caution but I'm a repeat relapser with a broken  off  switch. I got sober well into my 20s as a daily drinker/user who was not functional so I def don't doubt I have this disease. Just not worth the risk of trying to moderate.
thank you so much for sharing your story...sorry you'll get downvoted into oblivion but i'm sure you saw that coming anyway.
Why drink at all?  The risk is real and there is little benefit. IMHO things can seem fine for awhile.  Do you have bright lines where you will stop for good?  What gives you resilience now?   Who do you talk to with full honesty?
Thank you for sharing your story! It's interesting and worth reading. I was a "high bottom" drunk and over the past two years of sobriety I've wondered whether I would go back to drinking if I thought I'd be able to drink like a gentleman. What I concluded was that I didn't really even enjoy drinking that much unless I got drunk; moderate drinking didn't do it for me. I'd be curious to know what you felt like you got from drinking that sobriety didn't give you.
In my country we have a legal age to drink set at 18. One of the main  reason why that is so is because children cannot process alcohol like non-alcoholic adults do. Their liver/pancreas/digestive system lacks the enzymes in sufficient quality/quantity to break down alcohol in the much the same way as it does for adult alcoholics. By 18 though most people's bodies have matured enough to tolerate alcohol and not get the craving. Alcoholics being the exception to this - we can never breakdown alcohol like normal people and we get the craving that makes us dependent on alcohol until we quit for good...Alcoholics Anonymous is a fellow ship of men and women..... So starts the AA preamble which tells us what AA is and what it is not. It ain't for children IMHO because all children will show the signs of alcoholism - but it doesn't mean that they are.
That's great!  my hat is off to you.
That's a pretty big maybe. The longest term for returning to social drinking of those I have known is 18 months. One guy did that two seperate times before he was back in the toilet again and got sober again. For most it's a matter of weeks/months. The latest one left 4 kids behind and an innocent man injured for life. She was sure having a drinkie now &amp; then was going to be peachy...If you go longer than 18 months then you get to be the new record holder. Which comes with a pink paper star.
You may not be an alcoholic and I don't know what was going on that made you quit drinking and join AA at 16 but going by your family history you do have a high likelihood of becoming an alcoholic if you abuse alcohol. Almost anyone can become an alcoholic if they drink too much too often so please be careful. One or two drinks after work 3 or 4 days a week was the beginning of my descent into alcoholism. Prior to that I had spent over a decade just having an average of 2 drinks per month and not having a problem with it.
I hope it works out for you . I tried it and figured I knew what to do if it got out of hand and it was a lot harder coming back than I thought . I hope you're successful with it and don't need to come back but if you do the door is always open . be careful and I wish you well .
Ahh so the brain damage is from binge drinking got it.
