-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bmyma4/want_to_share_some_good_news/

I am having the best day. This is my second post on here. I have been clean and sober for six months now and I have a sponsor and I am working the steps. Currently on step 4. Today some really great stuff is happening. First a coworker opened up to me about his drinking problem and I was able to share my experience and have a great talk with him. I did not pressure him just one addict sharing with another. If nothing comes of it at least I have been able to convey to him he is not alone and he doesn't have to do it alone either. Then my supervisor called and said he wanted to talk to me. Being true to my nature I went in slight panic mode haha afraid I was going to be told off or worse. It turns out they are very pleased with my performance and want to give me a contract for long term and I am on a shortlist for a managerial function. It feels amazing to be rewarded for the honest work I put in. And lastly I am a co-chairman for a local meeting and my contact info is on the website of my national AA chapter and I got my first phonecall of a struggling alcoholic and he is coming to the next meeting wednesday! None of this would be possible without AA. Keep working it 'cause you're worth it.
----------immediate responses--------

And that is the results of some willingness and Alcoholics Anonymous.  Thanks for sharing that with us.
Wow. Great share. If there's anybody out there who is curious how AA can work in someone's life here it is. Do the work reap the rewards. Love it!  
Don't tell me show me!.Thank you for showing just how the steps work in practice..Well done.
So nice to hear a Member doing service  you got to give it away to keep it  also better days ahead  take care
Congrats on your milestone show us your chip!
So I have a month and a half before good things start happening...keep up the good work friend 
Thank you my friend. I needed to hear your share and I'm so glad for you. Stay well.
These are the gifts that come to us through recovery. Good job OP thanks for sharing.
Great share awesome stuff so happy for you!
Awesome news! I love hearing the promises coming true for others. Keep it up!
