-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bo7fcf/newbie_question/

Hi everyone .I'm sorry if this is a silly question but I'm really struggling with this and I don't know where else to turn for advice and since you've been awesome before in the advice department I'm coming to you wise folks once again. ..I'm new to AA 82 days sober but attend at least one meeting a day more often than not two a day and I'm working with a sponsor that I asked on day 24. The problem is that I'm struggling with feeling like I don't fit in I feel sad and cry all the time resentful depressed and while the meetings are very helpful to me I really feel I need to implement the action steps involved in the program to get my mind right and working in the correct direction. It's all well and good to sit and read and listen but you need to DO the program in my opinion. ..I really like and admire my sponsor. I'm her first sponsee and she's got almost 3 years of sobriety. I don't know if this is good or bad I just felt a connection with her but I didn't know this (nor did she offer or did I think to ask) until after I had asked her to be my sponsor. Anyway she's just finishing up her steps for the first time with her Sponsor and her big thing is to not rush it. But I feel unwell. I feel like I'm floundering panicky and in a constant  pre-lapse  state and I want to do more. I have asked her repeatedly to meet me for one on ones and she can't. she has now started camping for the summer and leaves town at the end of the week and it seems impossible to get together with her. She just told me to read Step 1 this week and I've been working with her for 57 days now. She's had me read up to  There is a Solution  in the BB but no further because I can't advance until we meet but she can never meet it seems. ..I'm getting frustrated and I'm not sure what to do. I have another woman who is retired who has a ton of time to talk to me and I really like her and it's almost like I'm spending more time with her now. Because she's the one who's making time for me and answering my questions. I plan on talking to my sponsor but I'm just not happy in this arrangement. Can you folks give me some options on what I might do in this situation? Am I being an unreasonable selfish self-centered alcoholic? I mean I may be! I don't know anymore!! :) ..I'd really appreciate any insight you might have. Thank you for helping me stay sober today!
----------immediate responses--------

It's no problem to change sponsors if your current one isn't working for you. If your current one is working a good program herself she won't be offended or anything...In the old days Bill and the other old timers used to take people through the steps in just a matter of a few days or even a day. Now the preference is to not make it that quick but you can still go at the pace that's right for you.
I don't think it would be unreasonable to consider changing sponsors. It sounds like you're doing everything right- you're going to lots of meetings you got a sponsor and you're keen to work the steps. You have asked for what you need from you sponsor and it sounds like she just might not be able to provide it right now due to her scheduling constraints...Sponsor/sponsee relationships are like any other relationship to me. "Good fit" is important! I have had bosses that I really admired and respected before but realized that we didn't work well together because we just weren't a good fit. Sometimes marriages or intimate partnerships end because people just aren't a good fit. You still really care for and respect the other person you just aren't right for each other. Sponsorship is no different. Your current sponsor sounds like someone who could be a really good friend to you but maybe not the right fit as a sponsor right now. My first sponsor is a wonderful person but after working steps 1-5 with her I knew she wasn't the right fit. We're still friends...I don't hear self-centeredness in your post. You're not resisting your sponsor's advice or direction you're not demanding more than is reasonable you're just not getting what you need right now. It's hard to know what to do when you are so early in recovery. When we have worked all the steps we (hopefully) have a solid spiritual platform and can ask our higher power for direction but if you're not there yet it's only natural that you feel a bit lost and are hesitant to trust your own decision-making. This is a good thing! You're genuinely trying not to run on self-will but you don't have another way yet...It might be worth talking to both women (your current sponsor and the potential new sponsor who has more time) and just being honest about the fact that you think the second woman is a better fit right now. You want to work the steps and she has the time to take you through them! You could end up with an even better fit as a sponsor and keep a good friend instead of your relationship with your current sponsor deteriorating because of resentment which could also put your recovery at risk.
I know a lot of sponsors make their pigeons take the steps slowly. In my opinion this is a mistake for two reasons. The first is that it is not AA. That bs comes from treatment centers and has infiltrated our program far too much. The second is working the steps quickly and often (which is the way it's taught in the Big Book and was done back in the day) is far more effective at staying sober. If there is a Back to Basics meeting in your area I. Suggest you go there. You will avoid the pitfalls of turning the 4th step into some monstrosity and instead find a great connection with whomever you share it with. Good luck to you. Your sobriety must come first even over being afraid to hurt your current sponsor's feelings. If she is working her program she will understand
IMO any good sponsor worth their salt will have you on step 8 within a month or 2. But that's just like my opinion man...
When I have a new sponsee who is new to the program I make sure they have a big book and a 12/12 first.  I ask that they read the first 164 pages and make myself available to talk about it.  I then ask them to read the 12/12 one chapter at a time and try to schedule time to talk it through provide coaching etc.  This can take weeks or years depending on the individual.  I try to put in just as much effort as they do... no more...The ones who stay sober are generally the ones willing to do the work.  Sounds like you are...Find a new sponsor.  No harm... no foul...Good luck!
When I came in I got a temp sponsor and I was keen to do the steps. He was an older fellow and stressed that there was no rush. I was literally dying of untreated alcoholism and felt exactly like you described. I really liked the guy but was frustrated he couldn't meet and was delaying getting going with me...When it really came down to it when I started really struggling and almost took myself out I ended up reaching out to another guy who's number I had in my phone. He took the time to "talk me off the edge" so to speak. A week later I asked him to be my sponsor and go through the book with me and it was the best thing I ever did. We got right into it and during the process I had the psychic change described in the book. And now I do the same with my sponsees to keep having the experience and stay sober myself...That said I feel like even that part of this process was something I needed to go through to get to today. I'm still friends with my original sponsor and when I told him I was going to work with someone else he was ok with it and totally understood (he's really old)...So don't be afraid to switch sponsors. You need to get well yourself because you won't be useful to anyone else if you go out.
"The problem is that I'm struggling with feeling like I don't fit in..."..I've been sober for years and I still feel like that sometimes. The best way I know to get that feeling to go away is to become part OF the group not just someone who attends the meeting. Ways to become "part of" something is showing up early and help set up stay late and help tear down become a coffee maker a greeter or get some other weekly commitment. ..After I started doing those things I felt more connected and felt more like I belonged. ..Others will chime in on the sponsor issues but I think getting a new sponsor would be a very very good idea. There's nothing wrong with your sponsor or with you but it doesn't sound like the two of you fit together well right now. It's not a good match.
Finding a sponsor is important. Feel free to ask another person to be a temporary sponsor maybe your second choice will last 2 weeks or 40 years. You have a fantastic attitude and willingness for recovery keep seeking and you will find much joy happiness and freedom.
I am going to chime in on part of what u/pleased_to_meet_u   Said.  Talking about not feeling you fit in and it was said to do things to feel part OF.  ..Get into service pronto!  See if you can get a coffee commitment or a greeter.  Come early to the meeting to help set up stay late to help clean up.  Volunteer for as much as you can.  No matter how small. ..And TALK to people as you do.  Almost all of us have feelings of not fitting in of being introverts of feeling like we aren't  getting  it.  So chat!  .   Ask if anyone is going for coffee if there are any sober get together happening.  ..   Listen to those announcements at the end of the meeting. Lots Of service announced there!  . Find out what the winners in your group are doing and do that too!
I agree with all the comments here. Nothing wrong with your current sponsor just not a good fit. .I hated myself so much when I first came in I needed to do my steps asap. I'm going through them again a second time more thoroughly but I don't know if I would've made it if I hadn't done them so fast. .As mentioned in the beginning they went through the steps in 2 days. If you need to do it fast please do it fast!!
In my experience getting thru the steps thoroughly but quickly is key.  First sponsee and she has 3 years sober?  That's a little strange.  We are supposed to start sponsoring once we've gotten thru the steps so if it took her that long she may be planning on u taking that long as well and that's a death sentence.  Imo just get the other woman to sponsor u asap.  This is ur life we are talking about!  Also I agree with another commenter about getting into action and service!!!
What I was taught is that they are not meant to be sat upon for an extended period . I went through a thing called back to basics where you get a temporary sponsor and go through the steps in 30 days then I rework the steps with my sponsor and we pick up the smaller things . I had a similar experience with my original sponsor and I was getting so miserable I think I close to giving up. Im still friends with the original one .  Working them quickly with someone gave me relief and hope . if I'm not mistaken they did them in like 3 days originally .
I haven't read the other responses but I think you know exactly what to do and I also think you sound like a strong and amazing person. I felt the exact same way as what you've described but unfortunately I ended up relapsing at about a month and a half in. I think finding a sponsor is a delicate task and it sounds like it's crucial for you to have someone who is available. Congratulations and best of continued fortune and sobriety to you.   
That's true. I need to keep reminding myself of that. It's not about being  nice  and not hurting people's feelings although that would be great too.
I think you almost answered your own question. ..To put it straight. Be nice about it but tell your sponsor you have someone more suited to you. Get with the other lady. The quicker you do the steps the quicker you can feel well. Simple...I wish you well. Your Friend John.          
