-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bq2iyk/cause_of_and_solution_to_all_my_problems_but_morr/

Hey guys. Hope I'm in the right place. ..I'm I guess what you'd call a functional alcoholic. Functional is a convenient term. I don't get drunk most of the time but basically drink all the time. I hate it...I've had an anxiety disorder since I was a child. I didn't even realize it until my teens. Didn't realize I was kind of messed up until my early twenties. Didn't realize until I'd had at least 3 major meltdowns that I wasn't alright. ..Last December I detoxed. I'd lost my job was getting really upset about existential stuff and confused about my relationships with family and friends and started drinking heavily. I was getting too drunk to function at my new job. My relationship with my SO was being destroyed. After a while I had to move out for a couple months. It was pretty bad at the end. I barely slept or ate and I felt like I was dying. I'm pretty sure I would have died if that had kept up for a few months. And I would have destroyed everything...But I went and I detoxed. Everything turned right around. I live with my SO and we're doing great. I have a new full-time job and it's going well. I pay my bills. I put money away. I stay composed. I don't drink hard alcohol anymore at all. ..The thing is I pull it off. I hate it. I'd hate it more if I wasn't pulling it off (of course.) I drink hard seltzers which aren't undetectable no drinks are but they're pretty close. I know I smell like alcohol sometimes. I have to believe I even smell like it at work a little sometimes. It only makes sense. Everything has been so smooth for me for a few months and I feel like that could go on for a while but I won't fool myself into thinking it'll last long-term...I'm just tired of it. My brain tells me it's going to be hard to relax if I don't drink but realistically the drinking makes everything harder. I struggle to enjoy things I want to enjoy. I feel ashamed when I look back on a stretch of time and I don't feel connected with it despite remembering anything...I'm rambling. I apologize. I guess it's kind of the nature of the condition. I am periodically able to stop drinking. I do really well when I do but every time I mistakenly go on a kick it turns into several days or even weeks. I'm just looking for any advice or support anyone has for someone like me. I'm going to try to try quitting again soon I just want any tools I can going into it. ..I AM in therapy. My mental state is good (I can only say this having been where I was and with some professional confirmation.) I guess if I had more money and resources I'd take some time off work and do it right. I just don't have that option. And I believe I can do it...Sorry if this is out of place or if I just sound ridiculous. Thanks guys
----------immediate responses--------

You say your mental state is good ? When I was walking your shoes  in looking back I wouldn't say I was stable at all. I can only speak for myself. When I was in this internal war with myself trying to justify that things were ok. When in fact my world was crumbling.  I was so scared that everyone was going to find out my secret. Looking back it was a horrible existence. Everyday was bullshit. It wasn't until I just gave up the fight and just said help me. I didn't care about anything else in my life except getting healthy. I was up to my ass in debt  I didn't care. I was going to die if I didn't take care of me right then and there. .That's what I needed to do  I'll think good thoughts for.
Are you being rigorously honest with yourself? It sounds like you're not comfortable with your alcohol consumption. If so why not give sobriety an honest try? You have nothing to lose. You can always go back to drinking if you want.  I personally tried sobriety through AA and it wasn't *anything* like what I expect. It's far more fun fulfilling and exciting than my drunk life ever was. And I had pretty high bottom.  Really what do you have to lose?
this is me two years ago. high functioning/working long enmeshed relationship with alcohol. heavy duty job daily drinking after work not to extent that would affect my performance next day but then drastically overdoing it on friday nights. rare occasion blackouts/benders...the problem with people like us is that we function for a long period of time decades even without mishap or social/legal censure. i've never lost a job or relationship due to alcohol. the worst thing that happens to me when i get drunk is i get sleepy other than than i'm a more relaxed mellowed out version of myself. i don't have a nasty switch...what changed? well after one particular bender which i reined in but which i realised could have got way way more out of control i packed it in and took myself off to AA. i stayed for 9 months regular meetings did the steps. i struggled internally with the higher power thing each to their own but for me AA fellowship support was *crucial* in recalibrating me to a life without any alcohol. even if you don't get or buy the spiritual aspect to the programme there's still huge benefit to be had in sitting in meetings just listening. it is ritualised it is brainwashing of sorts but AA has cumulative years of wisdom in self-management of addiction recovery and honestly what they don't know about alcoholism isn't worth knowing...so first off you're kidding yourself if you think that staying off spirits is the answer. alcohol is alcohol. once you open the door each time it's difficult to restrict and self-manage your intake. beer makes me feel like a new man. and that new man wants another beer. AA views it as an allergy and that's a useful way of looking at it. so you need to seriously consider *total* abstinence from alcohol...i saw myself as a 60 year old sat in a bar submerged in booze wondering what had happened to my life. i drank because it made me feel good for a bit. then i would want to keep going until i lost consciousness. that's not good. that's not social drinking. i could come home on a friday night and put down a bottle of 14% red wine in 20mins and that would barely have any effect on me...NOW: 18 months abstinent of alcohol. not in AA right now but do not rule out going back.if i ever seriously considered drinking again i would go to a meeting first and see whether i felt the same way afterwards. in that time i have completed creative projects lost weight been in and out of very stressful relationship where the fog of alcohol would have completely compromised my decision making ability. i can't think of any life situation right now that a drink would make better. i'm done chasing instant gratification at the expense of my future/long term goals.
I have been there over and over.  I don't want to drink... but I get severe PTSD.  If I did not drink many times I would have committed suicide or literally lost my mind in a way there may have been no coming back from...And honestly... all meds are worse. Alcohol is water based. And works better.  You pass out if you drink too much...The thing is... as I recover more from PTSD and a horrific family. I know longer "want" to drink.  Alcohol finally works!!! I can drink 10 standard drinks over 6 or 7 hours and not 25 drinks and be super drunk.  ..The problem is... mentally I am no longer alcoholic.  I can take it and not need to get super drunk.  I guess a 0.08-0.12 blood range is the target...The "lie" is that I am not physically addicted.  After 25 years of periodic binge drinking for a week or a few months.  ..See alcohol works for a couple of days in a real crisis.  To calm down and focus and figure it out.  Slightly dulled emotions and fight or flight are dulled to see clearly.  ..The problem is... my body really wants to keep doing it.  I find myself buying 3 litres of beer a day for a week or two after.  Drinking.  And then I feel unhealthy I get more depressed... I really start wanting 4L.  Or why not a little vodka to mix...Alcohol "works" so well.  I can't use it.  I can't say "never again"... because it has saved my life as much as AA also saved my life.  But I can't drink.  It can save a horrible moment from being worse.  But then I end up with another huge problem... stopping drinking again.  Even with only beer and drinking half or less what I did.  Not drinking until stupor.  Sobering up before bed.  Doesn't matter. My body is so used to alcohol.  It wants it.  My brain is way less messed up than it always was.  My body doesn't care.  It just wants more.  My brain can stop it... for awhile.  But eventually I will just be drunk for months and depressed and not functioning...It sucks because I like drinking now.  I enjoy it.  I used to despise it... but had to do it.  Now I seemingly can enjoy it and use it for a day.  It is the next day and the day after... and after...The issues go away in 48-72 hours.  But I take far longer to get 72 hours sober than I thought I would fir the past 10 months  of periodically drinking...I just can't drink.  Even much healthier.  My body can't deal with it.  I used it too many times.  It thinks "insulin!!!" I think I just want to drink a half dozen beers every couple of weeks.  I can't have both.  So I can't drink.
If you want to stop drinking and can't do it on your own AA has a way. Problem is it takes some effort. ..For years I thought I wanted to quit drinking in hindsight what I wanted was for the pain to end with no effort on my part.  I had to keep going until the wheels fell off then I was willing to do this thing.
Thank you all for your in input. This helps a lot. I mean it. You've given me a lot to think about...Perhaps I haven't been honest enough with myself. I see it all the time in hindsight just how alcohol tricks my subconscious and inner voice into all sorts of things. ..As far as the quitting spirits thing goes. I know alcohol is alcohol but it still feels like a small success to me. I haven't been sick gotten upset or made an ass out of myself since. I don't want to tell myself I'm not at least trying to do better but obviously I need to do even more or I wouldn't have all these bad feelings about my drinking...I have been to some AA meetings. I don't always agree with some of the beliefs and some of the people at meetings I've gone to are pretty intense to be around but in hindsight the meetings did help sometimes. I should probably go back. ..I think the best thing for me to do is just give sobriety another shot. Of course. I need to be strong today and just not drink. I remember it getting easier to not drink after a while. I won't restock my alcohol. Just going to have to get through the anxiety. My natural anxiety combined with the withdrawal anxiety just gets so intense sometimes. I wish anxiety medications didn't make every other aspects of my life worse. I need more therapy I'm sure of it.
