-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/brqhrp/is_there_hope_for_me_or_am_i_a_lost_cause/

Hi guys. I'm new to this sub. I've been hit with so many blows these last few months including a bad break up job loss and financial stress. I've always used alcohol as a coping mechanism when I'm hit with the stressors of life. I was doing pretty well with my sobriety but recently after been hit with so much I've been  drowning my sorrows' and as we all know that never goes well. I just keep having relapse after relapse after relapse and I carry so much shame after every time but then I go and do the same thing again. Alcohol has honestly caused SOO many problems in my life and I've ruined so many relationships because of it. I truly don't want to go down this road anymore...it's just so difficult when you get stuck in this vicious cycle of thinking  nothing is ever going to get better and I just keep relapsing and fucking up so I may just as well give up.' I was just wondering how do you work through your shame and all the past mistakes you've made and what's the best way to prevent future relapse? Thanks for any advice I'm feeling deeply alone depressed and ashamed today.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I was just wondering how do you work through your shame and all the past mistakes you've made and what's the best way to prevent future relapse?..This is exactly what the 12 steps of AA are for. We clear away the wreckage of our past and learn to live a life without alcohol. Have you tried working the steps with a sponsor before?
There is always hope. Your reaching out here out of shear desperation is actually a sign of that hope being put into action. Perhaps hard to fathom at the moment yet good on you for this...So many of us myself included have walked in your shoes the same. And worse quite worse some of us. This is why we call it the gift of desperation. For us here through A.A. we've learned to we live sober &amp; contentedly without alcohol.  ..Your self-acknowledging how alcohol has torn up your life is also a big leap. With all denying that it has being now in the past this actually is our first step in recovery. "We admitted we were alcoholic and that our lives had become unmanageable". ..So with all that now what? Entirely up to you of course yet we urge to to find some AA meetings near you. Easy to google up in your area and may also see an AA office near you that will help find meeting too. ..At AA meetings nothing is expected or required of you. Just come on in and have a seat and hear others share about their alcoholism their recovery from it and how their lives are living in sobriety. .."Our main purpose is to stay sober and to help other alcoholics achieve sobriety". So with that you will be welcomed there.  Best to you.
As the saying goes I got sick and tired of being sick and tired.  For me that meant going to AA every day for a long time.
&gt; From the moment I pulled open the doors to my very first meeting I felt something different something good was going to happen. Those doors which at the time I believed to be the heaviest ever made allowed me to walk into a new way of life..&gt; "Attitude Adjustment"  January 2006 Beginner's Book: Getting and Staying Sober in AA
The way we work through our shame and past mistakes is by getting a sponsor and taking the steps.
There is absolutely hope for you.  There is a solution and it is in the Big Book of Alcoholics Anonymous.  I can't tell if you are or are not going to meetings.  If you aren't first step is to get to an AA meeting.  If you are and this might be rude sounds like your not doing it right.  You need to follow the book with a sponsor.  You might think your special so far gone you can't come back worse than everyone and a hopeless case.  So was everyone in the fellowship at the beginning.  Most the people responding to this probably felt the same.  I know I did.  I made it. So can you.
AA's recovery program answers just those needs/issues you listed.
