-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bt6l7h/in_response_to_todays_daily_reflection_0526/

Fuck Bill W  ..A relapse NEVER helps and there is NEVER anything to learn from it especially if you hurt someone or yourself while you are out...You learn more and grow more from not drinking and working through your problems you have with your support group...Relapse IS NOT part of recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

Curious at your response. A relapse is not necessary is avoidable is scary as hell and taken far too lightly these days.
Perhaps put it this way... ..From adversity in our lives we may grow...Relapsing is to be sure an adverse condition. Up to the individual to learn from it what may. Then from knowledge gained to use it to take action for prevention. Which indeed then is growth.
Relapses happen. Nobody's saying they're a good thing or that they can't be avoided but they happen. The question is do you shame the relapser and make them feel worse or do you welcome them back into the fold and help them understand their powerlessness in the face of recent experience?..It's not my job to judge another living soul let alone a sick person who is suffering. It is my job to help if I can.
With the statistics concerning our chances of staying sober I'd say it is part of sobriety in the way that slips happen but it's not a crutch to keep doing science experiments when the results of relapse speak volumes time and time again. Relapse begins before the bottle is in my hand anyway.
I wholeheartedly disagree. I learned a lot the last time I got loaded. Learned I can't do this on my own life's still unmanageable w/o a program in my life I need a HP through the 12 steps. It gave me the desperation of a drowning man and I built my sobriety off of that. God bless homie...
Relapse doesn't have to be a part of recovery but frequently is.  I had to keep drinking until I became convinced I was powerless.  That's what gave me the motivation to get a sponsor and take the steps.  AA doesn't provide motivation to do the deal alcohol does.  ..The book suggests trying some controlled drinking; the problem with that test for someone like me is that I have to be honest with myself.  The first chapters of the book are filled with examples of people who got drunk one more time and got the willingness.
Relapses were a big part of my recovery journey. I learned a fuckton from them about what *doesn't* work. Relapsing is also a hallmark of substance addiction. But they *are* dangerous. I've lost more than one friend to a relapse that was fatal.
