-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10a4tn/help_my_so_is_struggling_with_sobriety_what_can_i/

My SO has been struggling with drinking for a long time but recently things have come to a head.  For about 3 months I have been nudging him towards AA a therapist anything that might help but he is reluctant to accept.  I finally convinced him to begin therapy which gave me some hope however he went straight from his first therapy session to the liquor store.  He admitted later that he thinks he needs to go to AA so at least he admits there's a problem...I am not a big drinker so I have no idea what is going on in his mind.  So I turn to you fine people of reddit.  How can I be supportive in his journey toward sobriety?  What can I do that helps?  What should I avoid? 
----------immediate responses--------

I wish I could find a way to show my Dad stopping drinking is something he should want to do. Me and my brother both became binge drinkers and both of us have stopped (my bro has been sober for years). You would think if both of your sons are alcoholics you are too. But my Dad still drinks and there is nothing the rest of us family can do...I am thinking next time I visit I will convince my Dad to come with me to an AA meeting or at least meet some older alcoholics to show that this disease only progresses into something worse. ..Be ever vigilant I suppose. I still want to check out Al-Anon they have ways to help change codependency (you may be enabling his drinking and not even realize it). 
I would suggest that you find an "open" (open to everyone not just alcoholics) AA meeting and offer to go with him for support. Also check out an alanon meeting for yourself.
If he's already admitted that he needs help and he's considering AA you need to be as supportive as you can without pushing. He's pretty nervous right now so anything that might seem like you trying to narrow his options or hold him to his previous word are going to make him feel trapped. What you need to do is gently put him in the position to make the decision for himself. You probably know how to achieve this better than we do...The idea of checking out an open meeting together is a great one. You might also ask him if he'd be interested in reading the AA book before going to a meeting. It's a cheap enough book and if you're not able to get it right now there's a free pdf of it on AA's [website](http://www.aa.org/bbonline/)...Let him know that you support him and that you want what's best for him. At the same time know for yourself that this isn't an indefinite thing and at some point you need to get out if things don't improve. I say this out of compassion for you; drunks make terrible partners and friends. ..Hang in there. I hope you find a way through this. My best to you.
