-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10aqfg/how_to_win_the_struggle_against_alcohol/

**How To "Win" The Struggle Against Alcohol**....*Another Wall-o'-Text^  from Ambivalent_Fanatic*....As we approach our 4000th subscriber here on SD I thought I would make this post especially for our newcomers and our lurkers.  You've joined a very powerful community that I truly believe is a force for great good in the world.  Together we've helped a lot of people get sober and stay that way.  I'm one of them.....If you are anything like the kind of drinker I was for most of my career you probably suspect you have a drinking problem but you're not willing to admit you're a full-blown alcoholic.  You have such negative associations with that word that it just isn't in your vocabulary.  You don't live under a bridge you've never had a DUI you aren't dying of cirrhosis so while things aren't great they're not nearly as bad as they could be.....For most of my drinking life I imagined that eventually I would change.  But the flaw in my thinking was that I believed this change would only come after some major event that would force me to *grow up*.  And every time such an event would occur I kept moving the goalposts.  These events were:..* turning 21 (because I thought drinking would lose its thrill once it was legal)..* graduating from college (because I would be out in the real world)..* getting my first real professional job (because I didn't think I could keep drinking the way I was and still function)..* turning 25 (because there was a time when this seemed really old to me)..* turning 30 (ditto)..* getting married (because that would magically make me an adult)..* becoming a father (ditto)..* becoming a father for the second time (ditto again)..* turning 35 (see 21 25 and 30)....Each time I hit one of these markers I would simply shift my gaze forward and wait until I hit the next one.  Meanwhile I had two long periods of sobriety of about a year each from 18-19 and from 27-28 but I relapsed each time. I knew that I was "struggling" with alcohol but I believed that eventually I would win the struggle.  I was wrong.   I thought that my self-awareness meant that I was "working on it" and that eventually I would work my way through to the other end.  I was wrong about that too.  ....For an alcoholic like me there was only one way to defeat alcohol and that was to refuse to fight it.  I stopped struggling.  I stopped working on it.  One day a month shy of my fortieth birthday I stopped drinking completely.  No more trying.  No more thinking about it.  No more claiming that I was working on the problem.  I just did it.....Of course it wasn't quite that easy.   What really happened was that my wife whom I love beyond words told me she was going to leave me and take the kids if I didn't quit.  It was a very painful conversation.  But that was when I realized that nothing was going to change until I made it change.  ....That first moment of true honesty was tremendously difficult to approach.  But like all events we're nervous about ahead of time it turned out to be not nearly as bad as I thought it would once I was in it.  In fact it was tremendously liberating.  I didn't feel as if I was embarking on a great and perilous journey like Odysseus sailing home through dangerous seas and fighting off horrible monsters.  I didn't feel as if I was taking on more than I could handle.  What I felt was overwhelming relief.  I didn't have to fight the fight any more if I didn't want to.  I could just drop the whole thing and walk away from it.   I wasn't taking on a burden.  I was putting one down.....So that's what I did 812 days ago.  I've had many weak moments where I felt like chucking everything and giving in to my old self-destructive ways.  Sometimes I longed for the false satisfaction of succumbing completely to my disease and giving up caring what happened to me.  But little by little I've made lots of baby steps in the right direction and over time they seem to have added up to substantial change.  What I've really done is to choose life over death.  ....I'm writing this partly to encourage those who feel they can't do it and partly to remind myself of all I have to be grateful for.  Don't worry about the definition of the word alcoholic.  Forget about the word altogether if that represents a stumbling block for you.  Are you living your life the way you could be?  Are you in trouble with alcohol?  Are you a drinker who suffers shame guilt pain loneliness fear anxiety sadness or depression related to your drinking?  ....If so please remember it doesn't have to be this way.  You can make your life what you want it to be.  You can do whatever you want.  But if you're like me you can't do it with alcohol in your life.  You can't win the struggle against alcohol.  The only way to win is to refuse to play the game one day at a time.  Today can be the first day you make that decision if you want it to be.  We are here to help each other.  This is what we do.  And it really does get easier as long as we stay honest with ourselves....Much love to everyone ...AF
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent post. Thanks AF.
This says it all. Thank you.
As I reset my badge.....again....I thank you.
Thank you.
This is so perfect. When I finally stopped after being drunk every night for 15 years it was such a relief. I had gotten to the point that I was sick of drinking even dreading the evenings because I knew I would end up drunk and passed out in bed. The only thing uncertain was whether I would remember the night before. .  My husband finally took my son away and said I could have him back when I straightened up. I went to an AA meeting that night thinking "I'll do this for 30 days get a chip and tell him to shove it" and i could go back to drinking. But that meeting ended up being very powerful and motivated me to stop for good.  A man told me after the meeting "get ready you're in for the ride of your life" and that all these amazing things were headed my way. Well I didn't stick with AA due to religious issues but I have stopped drinking. No amazing things have come my way and like you I don't feel like I'm on a journey but I do feel liberated. My body feels stronger my face and eyes look better and I have a lot more money these days. I feel very grateful that I found this subreddit hearing other people's stories and seeing everyone cheering each other on gives me strength I never knew I had.  Thank you for writing this. 
[deleted]
This is the first time I've come to this subreddit. I sought it out because I want to gain control over my problem. Thanks for writing AF. This post is literally the second one I have read since coming here (I will share my story shortly) and it's great to see such a story like yours...One thing noticed... You always thought it would take a major event for you to sober up... and you were right. It wasn't until your wife threatened to leave that you woke up. But it took 20 years to find that event.
You have such an eloquent way of telling me what I need to hear AF..Thanks for the post and for reaching out to those who need it!  ;).
Thank you so much for sharing this.   I had a binge over the past week  and one of the toughest moments was my husband yelling at me that *"I don't want to go through what you had to go through! watching your mother die in a hospital from this shit!"*..(My mom died last year after abusing her body for decades with alcohol and cigarettes)..I really don't want that future for myself  nor for my husband.  He deserves a wife he can grow old with.   I want to live a long and full life.  ..Headed into day three of being sober  I can do this.   
thanks for writing this..."I thought that my self-awareness meant that I was "working on it" and that eventually I would work my way through to the other end. I was wrong about that too. "..This spoke to me for some reason I thought I wasn't an alcoholic because I knew I was one. This sounds completely ridiculous I know. I guess I figured if I was a real alcoholic I would be in denial of that fact so my self-awareness made me different from all those other alcoholics who deny they have a problem until they die or their family leaves them or whatever. Of course I was in denial just a more clever version. Just because I might be smart enough to make my brain go through a few extra steps of cognitive dissonance to achieve denial doesn't mean I wasn't in denial - I was denying my alcoholism by the very act of continuing to drink. Acknowledging you have a problem might be the first step but being "self aware" enough to know you have a problem doesn't fix anything. There are more steps than that first one. Eleven I think.
It's a great paradox - the only way to win is to admit you lost. Despite all the contrary evidence and commitments and recommitments and surface changes and promises and not-yets and rationalizations to figure out a way to keep the game alive... I never won. It's a heck of a lot easier to just admit defeat and not play and for me that's the wellspring from which peace of mind has slowly begun to bubble up. Wonderful post thanks!
Awesome post as always. Thank you for sharing this advice. 
One of the best explanations of what it means to surrender that I have heard. 
[deleted]
Thanks AF that was a really resonant piece. I've been moving around for a while and each new location was going to be the start of my new 'sober life'. I'd stall on quitting because 'hey in x months I'll be in my new town and I can do everything with fresh beginning then'. I'd delay and delay waiting for the right moment when I could stop drinking. Never happened. This time it's happening regardless of any external events. No more excuses...You're right about feeling liberated too it feels so good to quit the game!
Great post. Thanks.  . .Sometimes people ask me if they should quit their drinking. Usually they ask this because they are putting themselves through hell and are unwilling to admit that the alcohol is the problem. I ask them what things in their life they still like. Usually they mention the stuff that actually matters: their friends their jobs their kids school... whatever. Then I point out that if their drinking is as bad as they say they're going to lose all that. They will lose their families hurt their kids destroy their  health. Maybe not quickly. But maybe not slowly.  . .It's tough to quit drinking. But I've never known anyone to quit alcohol and regret it. "Fuck me I traded alcohol for superior health relationships and employment... *it wasn't worth it*."  . .But I do know people who have failed to quit drinking and their every bleak dawn is regretful.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"what I've done is choose life over death" well said.
I love this really inspiring. Thank you.
Wow. Amazing post. Thank you.
