-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10bnjv/my_almostrelapse_tonight/

I've been feeling really good all day.  I went grocery shopping and took my time to compare prices and nutrition info which is something I was never able to do when I was drinking.  When I was drinking I'd be in and out of the grocery store as fast as possible; not making any eye contact with anyone grabbing Chef Boyardee and soup as fast as I could and hoping the entire time that I wouldn't have to talk to anyone for fear of them smelling booze on my breathe.  So I felt really proud of myself for being able to take my time...That mood changed as the day progressed.  Around 8pm I started REALLY wanting a drink.  Liquor stores close at 9pm so I just kept telling myself that I could wait it out until they were closed so I'd have to not drink for the night.  I made it to 8:40 before I couldn't stand it anymore so I went to the liquor store.  I grabbed my usual drink and went to checkout...I ended up standing behind a guy who was clearly drunk and trying to buy more booze.  He was chattering away at the clerk about different mixed drinks he likes and a bunch of other nonsense (and trying to get other people in the store involved.)  When he went to swipe his credit card it was declined.  He tried swiping it 5 more times before he gave up and pulled out the cash.  Meanwhile a line had formed behind him and the clerk was clearly uncomfortable with the entire situation.  This entire time he was struggling to stand upright so he was leaning on the counter for all he was worth...As I stood there watching this all go down all I could think was "Holy hell... is that what I look like when I'm drunk and trying to buy booze?  Oh my god I think it is."..When the guy left and it was my turn to pay I just put the bottle on the counter and told the clerk "I'm sorry.  I can't do this tonight." and left...I was SO CLOSE to giving in but that random drunk guy totally saved my ass/sobriety.  I need to start reminding myself of things like this every day of why I'm not drinking because I know that random drunk guy wont be there the next time I get that crazy urge.  So thank you random drunk guy for reminding me of why I'm not drinking anymore.  Right now I am so thankful for him.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so glad that random drunk guy got you through the night!  Do you have support somebody you could call if you get a craving again?  Maybe hit a meeting share your experience with somebody. 
Really proud of you man.  Sometimes other people help us out in ways they don't even know.  Like the drunk guy you saw. Yeah that's what we ALL look like when we're drunk. It's not a pretty sight.  YOU MADE IT. Know why? You're bigger than IT.  Keep going bro. You got this.
Hey Great Job! Your eyes are open now right? Sober eyes are invaluable to getting clean. Seriously good job. 
Gotta be honest. Sometimes I'm glad the alcoholic thoughts come to me after the liqour stores are all closed. Then again I've been to a liqour store once since getting sober (took my wife there to get beer). I feel myself trying to sabotage my sobriety. Edit: By the way don't go to so many meetings man! Do what you can do. You' can't swallow all the steps at once. Just take it easy. Make what you feel like making don't feel obligated.
Brilliant work Craigles just brilliant. V proud.
Well done. That's an amazing show of strength. 
Good job!!!!
Holy shit dude you came closer than you think. If you have someone to call call them as soon as you get that feeling before you leave. Like when you first thought you could wait it out.. .I know people sometimes don't go to AA because of this or that reason but you can always stop into the chatroom on IRC for a while. It's ok to say what's on your mind.. .You *really* came closer than you think. If that drunk guy wasn't in front of you what then? Maybe you wouldn't open it maybe you would've but why take the chance?. .If someone already has given you their number **call them**. Trust me they won't mind. 
