-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/10c2kr/22_does_not_equal_5_you_cant_take_alcohol_out_of/

I see a lot of people talking about how they continue hanging out with friends and doing things that are incredibly alcohol-centric. There's a saying in AA that says: If you hang out in a barbershop long enough you're going to get a haircut...I can't expect to cut out booze and call it good while continuing to hold onto behaviors that lead me to the same place that I know all too well...This may mean discontinuing fraternizing with people who are heavy drinkers. I have to take a hard look at my relationships with these people. I could say "But they're my friend and I've known them for so long" Oh really? Take alcohol out of the equation. Are they still my friend or would the foundation of my "friendship" collapse?..There are some people who have no problem being in those kinds of environments and abstaining. THIS IS NOT A REGULAR OCCURENCE!!!! I am not a special little snowflake! We are much more susceptible to relapse when we **willingly set ourselves up for it!!!!**..In my sobriety I need to stop sabotaging my chance for a happy life and THINK for a second. "Is this a situation that I should really be putting myself in?" If the answer is "no" do you know what I do? I take myself out of the situation!
----------immediate responses--------

This was good to read. I've been sad over the past couple of days because I've realised how many friends I'm going to lose if I take alcohol out of the equation. But it is for the best I know I am weak and putting myself into situations where people are pressing alcohol on me is a very bad idea. So I've been staying at home so much lately and playing Skyrim to take my mind off stuff. Sobriety has to come first. 
looking back i have had two different kinds of friendships in my life. my first set of friends were my highschool friends who went onto lead your "normal" life. the second set of friends were my bar or drinking buddies whenever i saw these friends the party was always on. as my drinking progressed i left my high school friends for bar buddies. my behavior was accepted by group two hell it was even encouraged. i beleive as long as i was brought down to thier level of insanity it made them feel more normal. i dont know if that made sense but it does to my alcoholic brain. i've reconnected with group one who never left me- i just wandered away to a place i was more accepted. i still see my bar buddies a few times a year but i always have an excuse to leave after a short while so as not to tempt me to much
Amen. ..This is difficult territory too. A girl in my larger friends/drinking group and I got sober the same summer. We didn't know eachother had until we ran into eachother at a party &amp; neither were drinking and then at an AA meeting in town the next week. She dropped that entire friends crowd and to be honest we're not really friends. She's great she's got over a year of sobriety under her belt good woman I'd call her in an emergency if I needed too but.. We have very little in common when you took alcohol out of the picture. And she... At first and not at all anymore kind of blamed these friends for encouraging her drinking for being "bad influences."  It was hard for me &amp; for them because well no one intended that. She cut off people that did consider her a real friend and labeled them "bad." I don't say that to say anything about the woman she is today she's amazing &amp; not the person who walked in those doors over a year ago. Thankfully most of us aren't. ...But that friends group &amp; I are friends still. I officiated a wedding for two of them last weekend! Seriously it was an amazing blessing to be apart of their lives like that. They were more than my drinking friends. And as heavy drinkers they all were they've all supported me getting sober. Besides some of them doing a really cute freak out if I'm drinking water in a red solo cup they've all proved themselves real friends over and over again.  They'll cook dinners and invite me over we'll still go see punk shows together occasionally. I don't see them as often and that has as much to do with their lives as mine but yeah they're my friends. When they lose a job fail a professional test I'm one of the first to know. When I was too anxious to rely on AA for support early in sobriety they listened to my crazy and didn't say "just take a drink." They said "Just take care of yourself."..There were some friends a lot of people I saw daily at the bar that aren't a part of my life anymore. And I don't go to the bars of bad memories. One of them I have no reason to be in ever. Another I think I've been to twice and for short times and good reasons. I am in bars sometimes twice a month for good reason sometimes not for three months. I don't go looking for an excuse but I won't hide away from my life either. I really don't have to think about it. ..A good friend of mine in the program has spent a lot of time with drinking buddies lately in part because he has to make amends but more than just me have noticed his absence. Since he's a guy I let another guy friend make the call and ask him where his head was on the whole deal and just to affirm to him he was missed and wanted to make sure his headspace was okay without demanding that he hang out with us the safe AA crew instead of drinking buddies that have been friends since high school (we're all past college age now...) ..He's fine and there were subtleties of the situation we didn't grasp and he's being useful to his friends which is a good thing. But what a bad situation we would have put ourselves and our friend in if we'd have made assumptions about what we saw of his behavior. For that I'm glad there are no rules as long as I'm spiritually fit about where I can go and I'm glad my friends in AA aren't about to impose a conflict/stressor in my life that doesn't need to be had. After all we weren't given the steps so we could hide in the rooms our whole lives we found a higher power that let us live and that means a return to the community to our homes to "normal" friendships to interacting with and loving people who drink. Because it was never their problem with alcohol it was(is) mine. 
&gt;If you hang out in a barbershop long enough you're going to get a haircut. .Well your hair is gonna grow too so of course you're gonna need a haircut. 
I think a lot of this is true and good general stuff in early sobriety. However after working 12 steps and recovering it is no longer an issue. I can hang out in a barber shop all day and never get a hair cut and this is promised throughout the Big Book...From the Big Book 100-101: ..&gt;Assuming we are spiritually  t we can do all sorts .of things alcoholics are not supposed to do. People .have said we must not go where liquor is served; we .must not have it in our homes; we must shun friends .who drink; we must avoid moving pictures which .show drinking scenes; we must not go into bars; our .friends must hide their bottles if we go to their houses; .we mustn't think or be reminded about alcohol at all. .Our experience shows that this is not necessarily so. ..&gt;We meet these conditions every day. An alcoholic .who cannot meet them still has an alcoholic mind; .there is something the matter with his spiritual status. .His only chance for sobriety would be some place like .the Greenland Ice Cap and even there an Eskimo .might turn up with a bottle of scotch and ruin every .thing! Ask any woman who has sent her husband to .distant places on the theory he would escape the .alcohol problem. ..&gt;In our belief any scheme of combating alcoholism .which proposes to shield the sick man from temptation .is doomed to failure. If the alcoholic tries to shield .himself he may succeed for a time but he usually .winds up with a bigger explosion than ever. We have .tried these methods. These attempts to do the im possible have always failed...&gt;So our rule is not to avoid a place where there is .drinking  if we have a legitimate reason for being .there.  That includes bars nightclubs dances recep tions weddings even plain ordinary whoopee parties. .To a person who has had experience with an alcoholic .this may seem like tempting Providence but it isn't...Avoiding situations with alcohol is probably a good idea early on but after working 12 steps should not be an issue as long as your are in fit spiritual condition- and if you can't meet those conditions then you still have some work to do. I go to bars and nightclubs semi regularly and I always put my motives to the tests outline on 101 and check where I'm at spiritually. I have never had the need to avoid being around drugs and alcohol (a byproduct of being an avid electronic music fan) where I have had good reason to be in places where it is since getting sober.
I like people and I like going out and ALCOHOL IS EVERYWHERE. Plenty of alcoholics never drank in bars...The problem is in your head and your head is everywhere you go.
I'm not sure how I feel about this. Obviously you probably shouldn't be going to all night ragers and hanging out with active alcoholics who would love to see you fall off the wagon but where do you draw the line? Like last night I went to get something to eat with my girlfriend and we stopped at a place that had a bar. She got a cocktail I drank water. I wouldn't want to be hanging out there all night but am I just seconds from relapse because I'm in a place where people are drinking? I live in America people drink here. A lot. Unless I never leave my house there really isn't that much I can do about it. Their drinking isn't going to get me drunk and most of the time when I'm around a bunch of drunk people I'm not like "WOW they're having such a GREAT TIME!" but I'm seeing the situation through sober eyes and realizing that I'm not missing much of anything at all and I'm not being played for a sucker for paying $10 for a few ounces of bourbon and bitters...As a musician 90% of the places I play make most of their money from selling booze. Should I stop playing music altogether because it means I somewhat regularly end up in a bar for four hours on a Wednesday night? Should I not watch football today because I used to really like drinking beer and watching football games? 
[deleted]
Well I spend all my drinking time on reddit and the computer in general...And even when I'm sober I still do the same thing. And I relapse 10 times out of 10. And I'm too goddamn broke to get new hobbies.
[deleted]
This is a great thought-provoking post...I think of it like this: Let's say you love going to Disney Land. You and your friends go to Disney every week and you always have a great time together.  One day you decide to quit going on rides.  But you keep going to Disney anyway expecting to have just as much fun. You never will.  Because going to Disney without going on any rides pretty much sucks.  It's crowded it's annoying and it's dull.  The rides are the only thing that make being in that obnoxious environment worth it.  You can't keep going to do the same place doing the same thing and expect it to be fun.  You're setting yourself up for disappointment if not for eventual failure...Generally speaking I think it's a bad idea to hang out in bars when you're in early sobriety.  That's not to say that you can *never* go anywhere near alcohol - if you have a legitimate reason for being there that's fine. Go to dinner at a bar with some friends some people order drinks not (usually) a big deal.  But if you keep spending your Friday &amp; Saturday nights at bars just because that's what your friends do I think you're really hurting your chances. There's a difference between "Hey offtherocks want to come to Disney Land with us to see a movie &amp; eat some food while a few of us go on a couple of rides" and "Hey offtherocks we're going to Disney for the express purpose of going on rides want to come along and watch us do that while you sit there jealous and bored?"..And I think HPPD2 is exactly right. Once you get yourself to place where the mental obsession has been removed you can do all sorts of things without having to worry. I feel confident that I could spend the night in a bar and be no closer to drinking than I was when I walked in the door.  But I also don't want to do that.  Being in bars just doesn't sound appealing.  It sounds boring &amp; annoying more than anything...I'm probably not being very clear. You know it's a grey area. You've gotta be honest with yourself about your goals and your motives.  In my humble opinion if your main motivation for going to bars is "Because that's what my friends do" I think you're gonna have problems.  You can't keep doing the same things you did when you were drinking and expecting them to be just as fun when you're not.  They won't be.  It'll never happen.  This thing really is about having a completely psychic change lifestyle change yadda yadda yadda. At least in my experience.  
