-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/110irw/just_shy_of_two_weeks_on_and_the_excitement_and/

Wall of text - just shy of two weeks in and I have no one to talk about this stuff with...First I don't feel like I'm at risk of relapse. Second I'm not in any sort of mental health crisis. I'm really thankful for both. I've been going to AA meetings and seeing my shrink in an attempt to anticipate the challenges I knew were in the post so to speak...Here's the context:..I guess for the better part of the past two weeks I felt like I've been seeing the world with new eyes. I've spent better time with friends that I have in the longest time I've been eating better exercising shedding the beer weight killing it at work getting flattering glances from strangers and compliments from everyone I know at how healthy I look etc... In all it seems like there's no reason for me to be getting down on myself. ..But for the past few days all the old bad stuff I haven't been tackling has returned with a vengance. I've been getting stuck in my own head while spending time with friends and barely able to contribute to the conversations around me and when I have I've been beating myself up for falling short; not being funny enough being too self-centered not asking the right questions not saying enough etc... This is a frightening thing for me because my late father was a terribly pained and emotionally stunted introvert and I'm deathly afraid of being just like him...I've also been unable to shake some envy/pain at a relationship that didn't happen due in no small part to my drinking and the behavior that resulted from it. She and I agreed a few months ago that sure the potential was there for us to be great for each other but that we were in the wrong time and place to make a go of it without hurting each other and destroying our friendship. She has been very supportive since I quit drinking we actually spent my first full day sober together and I worked through how excited I was to be sober with her help and we've been hanging out a lot since then. But I'm still fixated on the fantasy of a relationship spontaneously appearing out the time we're spending together. ..On top of this it doesn't help that she (maybe) is seeing this guy who about 8 years ago swept another person off her feet who I'd been seeing but who ended it with me after my depression and anxiety stalled the relationship. I know this sounds kinda petty especially considering the struggles that others are going through here. But it's been beyond frustrating for me to see a similar pattern repeat itself. I really hate feeling the same way I felt when I was nineteen (I'm twenty-eight now) given how much good is actually going on in my life right now. ..So that's the context. Here's where I'm at:..I think I fucked up on my perspective when I set off on the sober road. I thought I'd fully convinced myself that I couldn't expect all of my problems to be solved by dropping the booze. I knew I'd face challenges in social situations and that the damage I've done to my relationships would take a long time to repair setting aside the idea of new relationships. But I guess in the back of my mind a little part of me expected sobriety to be a cure-all. And now it's sinking in that it's not. ..Have other folks here dealt with having a similar perspective? How did you handle it?..**TL;DR** : On the surface everything's going well. But some old demons and relationship anxiety are cropping up. I'm worried that I had unreasonable expectations about how sobriety would change my life/myself... 
----------immediate responses--------

This is normal. All kinds of problems will come up after getting sober. I suggest you go to a therapist who specializes in addiction therapy to help resolve some of what is going on. You are not your father. Don't worry about that. Give yourself a break as far as the socializing goes people who are good at it practice A LOT. You are becoming a new person. A sober person. This person will surprise you. You can do this but you probably can't do it alone. 
[Patrick sums it up](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3or61j/)..Coming out of a long period of daily drinking it took me a few months for my moods to settle down. [My moods swung pretty hard and I was sad a lot](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/s4j1a/clich%C3%A9_post_is_clich%C3%A9_perhaps_atheiststopdrinking/). I was a wreck for a few weeks. Eventually my normal became pretty awesome - and I was just able to be happy whenever to enjoy things...I handled it by just eating a lot of comfort food spending quality time with my 'nature films' and video games and forcing my face-meat into a smile like all the time. Your lizard brain can't help but feel a little better...Relationships are hard to manage when you're emotionally volatile though. You have stopped punching yourself in the brain every day until it went numb: you're going to feel weird for a while until it gets used to not being numb. Everyone will promise you that it gets easier after a few weeks or months. Relationship crap is WAY easier for me now like 1000% easier. Stuff that used to gut me for months is now just a week or two.
Remember in all life straight life or drunk life or drug life its not all up days.  On the down days try to get yourself up.  I have an odd example.  I was out of work for 10 years. I finally decided I was going to get back to work.  When I went to the interviews I psyched myself up by (almost) chanting I wll knock this out of the park I will be the guy they cant wait to hire.  It worked too.  I was so nervous.  I had been out of work for 10 years!  I was freakin but it did work.  And it taught me a little about self motivation...I am only off the bottle about 7-9 days. There have been some days when I wanted to stop and buy a bottle of scotch.  I held off.  Made myself go home and carry on.  Even though nothing stays new forever pat yourself on the back for each extra step you make...You might also try to increase your exercise or go to a yoga class.  Maybe involvement in a group that does something you are interested in (Cooking? Whatever).  To try to rechannel that time...Good luck
Oh my friend you have started a Journey. It has taken you years to become the person you are today. It doesn't go away in a few weeks...All of the feelings all of the hurt and anger are starting to come to the surface. You have been pressing them down using drugs and alcohol but they did not go away...You will get through this. Do you have a sponsor? Someone who has a couple of years in? Hove you designated a home group? ..Do yourself a huge favor. Go to a meeting every day go to a meeting as much as you drank. ..This does work but you really need to go to the meetings...Jump in make coffee set up chairs clean up. Spend more than just the meeting time with these guys...Remember that getting sober is simple. All you have to do is change our entire fucking life...PS; 29 years on September 8.
&gt;I've been getting stuck in my own head while spending time with friends and barely able to contribute to the conversations around me and when I have I've been beating myself up for falling short; not being funny enough being too self-centered not asking the right questions not saying enough etc... This is a frightening thing for me because my late father was a terribly pained and emotionally stunted introvert and I'm deathly afraid of being just like him. ...You can't beat neuroticism with more neuroticism. Sometimes you just need to have an unshakable belief in yourself against all odds and reason. 
I'm only a week ahead of you here but I can definitely relate! The first week was elation energy and excitement lots of plans for the future and then week two was a big crash. Seeing a lot of my issues in the cold light of day was a big downer and my  up at dawn off for a jog' attitude was replaced by lethargy and sadness. ..I put it in perspective as getting over an illness. Get lots of rest do some light exercise (stretching a nice walk) when you're feeling up to it lots of chicken soup and warm fuzzy movies. I'm feeling a lot better this third week and a lot more settled. Plenty of cravings (I quit cigarettes at the same time so that's been a hassle too) but I just keep talking to myself about why I've quit and what plans I have for the future...I'm dealing with some ex feelings as well and in the downtime it was very easy to fixate on what had happened and how I had messed up and to think that the situation was the be-all and end-all of that relationship and relationships in general. I've got a better perspective this week and I'm feeling more comfortable with the whole drama. I'm using the fact that I have personally (and I'm not saying you have) lost two great relationships by essentially pulling the same idiotic move as a motivating factor to make sure it doesn't happen a third time...As for the worries of being an introvert   relax on that front for now until you're feeling a bit better of course you're going to be quieter for a while when all these emotions moods and physical symptoms are going around   there's a lot on your mind. You'll get your mojo back   and better...Sobriety definitely isn't the cure-all   I wouldn't have relapsed if simply quitting drinking fixed all my problems the first time round. Plan ahead for a sometimes rough road you can do this..
Hanging in there OP?..I'm worried the same thing will happen to me.  I know you'll get through it so I'll hit you up for advice if I run into it in a couple of weeks!
I've read that you aren't fully out of the woods until the 3 month mark.  I know when I've quit in the past it usually takes me 3-4 weeks to feel really good again.  I seem to rarely go that long these days but when I do I feel like a whole different person...That being said it's possible you have other issues to deal with that won't necessarily be cured by going sober.  I'm sure a lot will be helped by maintaining sobriety but everyone has their demons.
