-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/110iod/fist_time_posterneeding_some_advise_guidance/

Hi /r/stopdrinking...Have been reading this subreddit for a couple of days.I need some advice / guidance.I'm a alcoholicI'm not disputing that.I keep on trying to convince myself that I'm not.I'm 2 weeks sober today. I've gone 2 / 3 months without a drink before but when I drink I'll drink until I black out and I'll binge as long as I can.Mostly I drink over weekends.I just want to stop.All the really bad things that have happened in my life was because of drinking.When I binge it takes me 3 / 4 days to recover fullymy family suffers in this time.I try and distinguish myself because I don't have to drink everyday.I know for certain I have a problem and would like to life without alcholol. Any advise would be appreciated...I'm 33.I've been drinking to excess since I was 16.Not once in that time just having one beeralways all the beers...Does it get easier? I reallyreally struggled tonightI thought there's no way I'm not drinkingbut pulled through...Tx
----------immediate responses--------

yes it gets better.  a lot better.  after two weeks you know day two is easier than day one.  there are bumps but it gets better.  I had the same problem.  when I drank all hell broke loose but the real problem was starting drinking when I was sober.  The solution I found was in AA.  There are other solutions but it worked for me.  This reddit is a great source of support but nothing beats face to face meetings with people who share your problem.  ..Try it see if you fit in.
Yes it gets easier. I too used to drink ALL the beers when I drank. One thing that really helps is your mindset. If you tell yourself "I am absolutely not drinking today" every morning when you wake up it really does help. It sounds silly but I know as soon as I let myself think "oh i'll have just a FEW drinks" my addiction would take over and I'd drink until blackout. It truly is a one day at a time process. It may help you at first to avoid people &amp; places you associate with drinking. I rarely go to bars ever anymore and only when there's a very good reason. I have also cut certain people out of my life. It has to be more than just a "I'm quitting one vice" sort of thing it has to be an entire overhaul of everything in your life that is paired with that vice. I didn't do AA and I feel fine without it but it does help a lot of people! For me it really helps to just have that one day at a time mentality I started working out daily and pretty much completely changed my way of life. Good luck!
It will get easier if you continue to MAKE it easier. This isn't a problem that will fix itself you need to work on it every second of everyday. Find yourself a meeting or inpatient or outpatient counseling. Get support it will make it much more manageable to know you're not alone. 
I had the exact same drinking patterns as you daily heavy drinking from 16-30.  It took me about 3 years to get to this point but it is relatively easy.  My grandpa just died and I'm dealing with it.  I had maybe an hour and a half today of bad cravings but that's it...At some point you are on a journey out and any drinking is going to fuck that up.  You will get used to thinking of drinking as a bad idea.  I know I do.
I know the feeling. Here is what happened to me. One night i realized that while it's legitimate to express gratitude towards others (like God your support group etc) I also needed to thank myself for staying on the path to recovery for the day that just ended. Every day I have a choice: to drink or not to drink. But I know that if I drink today I will not have the same choice tomorrow. Deciding to go sober when you had a drink the day before is a daring task. It is even impossible most of the time for us alcoholics. So the fact I decided to stay clean today and was able to actually make it is a direct result of the decision I took yesterday. This gives me hope that I will succeed tomorrow when I decide to go on. This is how I "bridge together" my 24 hours and it got me through some rough patches. Hope this makes sense.
