-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11eszr/a_little_about_myself_a_warning_for_those_sober/

Hello!..I'm 26 years old been sober for 6 days now and just stumbled upon this sub today. I was drinking again for about 1 year (6 months of it daily) after being sober for 2 years. I started being an alcoholic about 2 years before that. ..I knew what to expect this time the first 3 days were pure hell with no sleep and everything from auditory halucinations to shakes and nausea. Most of the symtoms subsided by now. I am left with a somewhat high blood preassure and some sublte shaking. ..But the reason I wanted to post today is to let you know how I relapsed. I don't know if it will help anyone to see the warning signs but I have to get off my chest anyway so here it goes: ..About a year ago after being sober without much of a problem for 2 years I was offered a beer after a soccer match I played. I had always had a coke or a malt beer that were always available. This time I decided I was gone long enough from the booze to drink one without a problem. I went home not even craving another one just enjoying the slight buzz and went to sleep. ..I repeated that over the next weeks then went on to buy a beer after soccer practice then one with the groceries every once in while always thinking that I had full control. I started noticing that 1 beer didn't give me the buzz anymore so it turned to 2. After 6 months I couldn't fall asleep easily without it. So I started drinking daily. ..It all escalated from there. I built a tolerance and I build it fast. In the end it was at least 6 beers every night. But mostly more. And binges on free days. ..So all that wall of text just to tell you don't trust that one drink. It is the start of a spiral that will go out of control in the long run. ..Now to my question: Have any of you been in a long term (3-4 months) recovery therapy? As in living in a facility and only going home for the weekends at most? Is there such a thing where you live (I am in Germany)?..Anyway thanks to those that read through all of this. Stay strong!..Edit: Thank you so much everyone for the great reyponses. You have given me a lot to think about. 
----------immediate responses--------

I was in in-patient rehab for two months followed by five months in a halfway house. I was fortunate to be able to attend a higher end facility and it helped me a great deal. The exposure to people with all different stories helped prepare me for the possible pitfalls. Sober eleven years now.
I only see alcohol as a way to get drunk I have never viewed it as anything but.  So if I ever go back to drinking it will be for that purpose there will never be a slip in my future...I am glad that you are back and I am sorry that you had to detox again.  
The bigger question is what happened that led up to you saying yes to that beer? Being sober is to build up mental resistance that's strong enough to say no when you are offered alcohol. What were the warning signs that led up to your relapse?..All the best and good luck!
I was in in-patient rehab for a month with minimal communication with the outside world. It would have been longer but my insurance ran out as I had left my job. I know there are 90 day in-patient programs all over the US as well as halfway houses and 3/4 way houses to help people re-learn how to live. Developing relationships with people who genuinely want to live a sober life after doing what we did for so long was probably the most important thing I had gained during that month of my life. It's a great realization that things really do continue to get easier every day.
[deleted]
haha yup i relapsed in a similar way too. I conducted the experiment and had a beer with no ill effects. well since that first experiment worked so well i tried it again and again then it was 10 years later and i was looking at a possible 20 year sentence...Experiments in controlled drinking only work till they don't. It's covered in the early chapters of the big book by the time i had relapsed the final time and read through those pages again and again in a BB study group did it finally dawn on me that is was no different than those some 60 years before me. ..It's a hell of a lot easier to go to some meetings a few hours a week than it is to drink or be hungover 24 hours a day 7 days a week...I personally have never done recovery therapy I have been fortunate enough to have AA handle my problems. But that certainly doesn't mean it can't work for someone else. the goal is to change no matter the method.. 
I was in a treatment center for 12 weeks.  It was the first time I didn't drink for that long and it was great.  When I got out I stayed sober? for about four more months which was hell and then I broke out.  I didn't start with just one beer a night it was more like 12.  I got sober? again for 6 mths but the same thing happened. I broke out again for a week and again it was hell.  I had been going to AA during this whole period... So before everything was gone including me I decided to get a sponsor and go through the Big Book with a sponsor and here I am today and i have never been happier in my life. I today believe that I am sober and that everything that happened had to happen. I could type all night but I won't. I wish you well my friend.     http://www.aa.org/bigbookonline/en_tableofcnt.cfm 
[deleted]
