-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11heu2/moderation_success_story/

Hello everyone hope everything is going well with you! :)..I came here knowing I had a problem but not really sure about how to fix it so I decided to take 30 days off from drinking then go back to it for 90 days and see how things went...Today I'm writing to share my success. I'm proud to say I was successful in realizing--and am now working toward /truly/ accepting and sharing--that I am an alcoholic. I have proved to myself that not only am I unable to moderate my drinking but that even the smallest amounts begin to have dramatically negative effects on my character health and reason in such a way that promotes a steady increase in alcohol consumption--and so the cycle continues. I consider myself lucky to have found the courage and self-awareness to be able to post here again and get back on the wagon...I'm not going to knock moderation--I'm sure it's great if you're not an alcoholic--but damn was everyone right when they said it "might be 20 years before you find yourself back [on this subreddit]" after going back to the bottle. It didn't take more than two or three weeks to break down everything I built for myself in a month of sobriety. Also after only 20 hours alcohol-free I'm already feeling the symptoms of withdrawal--something I didn't feel hardly at all even after five days before....I can't say whether I think the moderation experiment was worth it or not because although I'm proud of myself for getting back on the wagon and feel I have learned something I am not without shame and guilt over what I've done and let myself become in only six weeks time. I can however say with certainty that I'm most grateful for this subreddit and from here on out I'll try my best to be helpful to those also in this struggle...TL;DR: I'm an alcoholic. And I can't moderate.
----------immediate responses--------

Reading this is a good reminder of how crazy the alcoholic brain is...Despite writing this and MEANING it it still took me until now to get a grip on sobriety again. Here's to hoping this is the last time. One week baby.
Hopefully it was worth it because you realized you cannot moderate.  That is not an option.  All of the shame and guilt brought you back here so it sounds crazy but I am grateful for all the dumb shit I did.  All that embarrassment shame and guilt helps keep me from going out for more...Thanks for the honest post and welcome back!
the fact that it only took you six weeks to realize what was going on and accepting that you can't moderate is a huge deal. of course sticking with it is the hard part but once you know you are an alcoholic there is really no way to "enjoy" drinking anymore. now you know and you're making a pledge to stop that's awesome and keep it up. 
welcome back - this is huge [internet hug]
Thank you for posting your experience and welcome back. It's awesome that you were able to figure it out so quickly - sometimes the experiment runs for a decade or more - mine did.
