-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11htdr/thinking_of_quitting_drinking_but_struggling_to/

So I'm a pretty functional alcoholic who usually drinks two bottles of wine every night. Never drink during the day rarely wake up with hangovers able to function fine the next day and I go through intermittent periods of being sober and then binging (usually swap from one to the other every fortnight) but I know it's not right and it won't keep up... but I'm finding it hard to care or find a reason to stop. Don't really have many friends (not through fault of the alcohol have always been a loner which probably didn't help in regards to the drinking) and I get this feeling that since my drinking doesn't affect anyone else (getting black out drunk playing video games and drunk gifting games to random people seems pretty innocent in contrast to some of the stuff that could be going on) then it's fine to maintain this routine. Liver disease is a problem for future me and if it hits then oh well. It's like... the pros and cons list for keeping on drinking is stacked more in favour of pros. Anyone have any advice or motivational thinks I could use to stack the cons?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;the pros and cons list for keeping on drinking is stacked more in favour of pros. ..I didn't see you list a single "pro."  What are the pros exactly?
[deleted]
I use to do the whole two bottles of wine a night too. For me my stomach feels better esophagus feels better head feels better more money better mental focus better sleep more energy more awake during the day I can eat spicy food again better physical appearance better beach bod feel less ashamed less fighting in the house less apologizing the next day. Overall I'm much more relaxed drinking as frequently as I was made me a little edgy the next day. Nothing horrible but slightly irritated. I'm not sure if it's this way quitting all drugs but my overall life satisfaction has gone way up. I also cut out caffeine and started eating right. You'd be surprised how much a little diet and exercise can improve your overall mood.
I did the same thing just drank alone watching movies and stuff. That's not living it's hiding. Eventually my body started to tell me to stop and I wouldn't listen. My skin got all red and I was diagnosed with Rosacia. Then my feet started tingling. My blood pressure got into dangerous levels. And I gained so much weight. I looked red and bloated and was in awful shape. I had no friends no life no health no money and hated myself and the world. ..It's not a way to live. You have to find new avenues to fill that hole in you heart.  The first step is to stop drinking. How you do that is you decide you are ready to quit which it doesn't sound like you are ready to do. The alcoholic in you is trying to rationalize away any reason to quit and that's how alcohol works. ..So step one - do you think you can quit? If you are ready you would need to make that commitment. You can do so by stating it to us here and by requesting a badge. Do you think it's time to do that? ..For me I went to AA and got a sponsor and haven't had a drink since. It can be done but it all begins with your commitment to stop at least for a little while. ..Let us know if we can be of any help. We're all here to support you LB!
The reason will find you if you don't find it first. I did the passing-out-to-movies/games alone routine for years and while I didn't wrap my car around a tree or drink on the job I still got to a point where things felt just as miserable and empty and pointless. Alcohol and avoidance works for a while but it never solves any of the problems and really just makes things worse (i.e. lonelier and more depressed). The good thing is those problems can be solved provided we stop drinking. You can make new amazing friendships you can do fulfilling things with life you can move on. You may not think you're affecting anyone else (although you probably are even if it's just not calling people to ask how they're doing) but you are definitely affecting yourself. Learning how to grow and treat yourself with compassion is where the payoff is. But it has to start with stopping the stuff that makes you miserable and sick first...Also reason #2: you won't piss the bed.
You seem to be laboring under the illusion that you actually can quit like it's something that you have control over. That's pretty fucking arrogant if you ask me...People go years trying to string together a couple of sober days. But you're just gonna knock that out as soon as someone gives you a compelling enough reason. And no liver failure doesn't count...So what the fuck do you want? I would have thought that not dying yellow and convulsing in an emergency would be a pretty good pro but if it's not I'm not sure where to go from there. Quitting drinking won't make your dick bigger bro. Sorry.
Best Pro I have found for quitting as I have friends who care about me through AA.  When they don't see me they call me.  When I call them they pick up their phones.  Whether it is 3pm and they just got out of work or it is 4am and they were sleeping.  Conversely I have people I care about and who I will wake up in the middle of the night for.  These are new things to me and they rock my world!!! 
