-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11ipuo/ive_gotten_this_far_and_so_can_you/

It's been a re-invigorating 27 days with ups and downs all the way. But now that I'm here I just wanted to share a few things that have helped me get this far. ..1. Share your feelings. It does no good to keep your feelings bottled up all the time. Even if that means talking to an inanimate object. This is especially true for what I think is the most difficult time period of 2-7 days. ..2. You don't have to do it alone. Proven over and over the key to success in quiting drinking is support. I always thought I could quit on my own but it never worked. There's nothing wrong with coming on here or going to a meeting to try and get some support. For me it was all of you here my friends my girlfriend and my mother. When I was just thinking "oh woofuckinghoo I made it 3 days" and I would tell somebody they would say something like "hell yeah man keep it up!" There's nothing wrong with wanting a pat on the back. ..3. Learn a dangerous situation when you see one. I've been invited out to the bar with friends friends have asked to come over with a 12 pack to chill and there have been parties that I've missed out on. All because I just don't trust myself yet to put myself into a situation with booze in it. It's just fine to say no to these things. You see the situation and you get out of it...4. Eat. Especially during the first month if you've been on a bender for a long time your body needs time to recover. Things packed with vitamins are good but even the shittiest food there is wrapped in a grease-ball wrapping paper from your local fast food joint is better then taking a drink that sends you rocketing back into self-destruction...5. It's hard to sleep during the first week at times. This is completely normal and not to be alarmed with. What worked for me is anything that would tire my body before bed time. Sex sit ups push ups jumping jacks running walking lifting swimming climbing or whatever...6. My last little piece of advice that I never followed up until now. Sometimes a craving hits you so hard that it shakes you to the very core of your soul. The one that is just screaming in your head that it's time to give in and go back to drinking to say fuck it to all you've accomplished to get this temporary malcontent out of your mind. That's when you pick up your phone and dial somebody from AA or NA and tell them exactly what your feeling with every bit of vivid detail you can muster up to get every bit of negativity out of there. If you have no one to call go on the mIRC #stopdrinking channel on server irc.snoonet.com. Those folks have saved my ass from relapse more than once in this short period. Some times I like to just go on and listen to them talk when I'm feeling all alone. It's nothing to be ashamed of because everybody starts somewhere...I just woke up so sorry if my broken sentance structuring is terrible and what not. I woke up and felt like I should share this because it felt right. For my sobriety and for yours because we only keep what we have by giving it away...Much love to you all. -MCIS
----------immediate responses--------

Really great advice.  Thanks for sharing...Congrats on 27!
Great post and congrats!..EDIT:  Holy shit!  Just realized I hit the 3 month mark today!  Go me!  :P
Thanks a lot for this. Great advice and great impulse to get that down.
Congratulations on 27 days!  If you were anything like I was that is a noteworthy amount of time.  I never thought I would make it more than about a week my best record before this stretch of time but I can look at my badge and see that I've now made it two months.  It brings a modest smile to my face...I enjoy reading about the insights you've had on this journey.  One of the more important things you can do and one of the reasons why I believe AA has been as effective as it has been is to *share* with someone.  It doesn't matter who that someone is.  It is very hard to admit that you are wrong in a petty argument let alone to admit that you are seemingly powerless over any single thing.  But in doing so you acknowledge a vulnerable part of yourself and that brings awareness and that in turn gives you something to work with.  If you never acknowledge your problems you will never find a solution to them and so sharing your story and involving others is a good place to begin working with your self...I wish you the best of luck and I hope that you will find your bliss.  My favorite author Joseph Campbell offers this gem: "We must let go of the life we have planned so as to accept the one that is waiting for us."  My sobriety was unplanned but I think there is a certain beauty to it.  I feel like I am where I'm supposed to be.  After all I don't think it is fair to say that I would wish myself to be a lifeless drunk forever.  And so I hope that you will find that comfortable place the place that you are supposed to be.  It is easier to find without alcohol.
good deal MCIS 
[deleted]
This is all right on great advice. I'm glad you are doing well. This gives me a lift on a crappy day (not crappy in terms of wanting to drink just a meh kind of day here)..
