-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11mivp/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: I co-chaired my first meeting on Monday and did the chips last night.  I'm starting to enjoy helping out at meetings...Struggle: I've really been forgetting the 3rd step lately.  I'm trying to scheme my life to get the things that I want in the hopes that they will finally make me feel OK.  But they won't make me happy in the future because they never made me happy in the past.  I need to trust in my HP and let it go...General chat: Coffee need more coffee...Have another great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Triumph: got a pretty huge promotion at work that should start in the New Year and signed up to take some courses in addiction counselling. Career moves are in action!..Struggle: moving apartments again. Moving really stresses me out...General chat: Life is pretty fucking grand these days. 
Triumph:  Coming up on 90 days; the longest I've been sober in 25 years.  I can't recall life being this good.  I've also lost 20lbs.. .Struggle:  Trying not to over-think.  I love going to my meetings because they keep me grounded sane and help me from over-thinking.  They remind me to be grateful for who I am and what has happened and to remember that things could and can always get worse.. .General:  Starting in November I'm chairing my afternoon meeting (3 month commitment).  My sponsor also "volunteered" me to be a sponsor to a newcomer (he more or less recommended me and put us both on the spot).  I was surprised but I look forward to the challenge should the newcomer decide to accept me as a sponsor. .
Triumph: I realized that my co-dependency is hurting me and others so I began to work on that...Struggle: Not smoking it is a huge part of my drinking and every time I think about drinking I wind the tape through and smoking appears it stinks...General: I have not had any candy for three days...Sometimes when you are up to your ass in alligators its sometimes hard to remember that your initial objective was to drain the swamp. (The details will sometimes bog you down keep your eye on the prize)
[deleted]
Triumph:  I reconnected with a good ol' drinking buddy who has been sober in AA for almost a year.  I confided my problem to her she gave great support and offered to come to a meeting with me.  ..Struggle:  I have not yet been to a meeting.  Even though I think about it daily I come up with "great" excuses not to go.  ..Chat:  If you like trivia there is this chick on Jeopardy who has been blowing everyone away for the past week.  May be the next Ken Jennings?  
Triumph:  255 days today.  My last day as an unsigned 8-bit byte.  Wo0t!11111111...Struggle:  The days are getting shorter and it's messin' up my mojo. Nothing major but I can feel a change. Something to keep an eye on...General Chat:  [How did Baltimora manage to feature a webpage in their 1985 video for Tarzan Boy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r0n9Dv6XnY)?  I think they're time travelers.
Truimph: No longer struggling with being in bars to refuse a drink although its been 32 days since I've drank/smoked. Super easy to say no as of now with the holidays coming up and all...Going to my first AA meeting soon...Struggle: Hard to manage my back pain since my car accident but dealing with it a day at a time. Been avoiding weed and drinking to cope with it...My close friends and family have been super encouraging and could not ask for a better relationship with my parents. It has gotten better. Its been a super emotional 32 days but the most uplifting days of my life..
Triumph: This is kind of pathetic but I called in to a radio call-in show. I listen to it almost every week (and call in semi-regularly) and had absolutely 0 substances in my body and I could tell the host noticed. I used to call in while in various states of being buzzed (never drunk it's Tuesday night after all). I used to think that I needed alcohol to get over being nervous but now I realize that I have the clarity and precision to complete most tasks while sober and drinking alcohol lowers my inhibitions but also lowers my skill. By believing in my sober self I realize now that alcohol has nothing on confidence to do a good job...Struggle: It's been a while since I've done anything with any of my friends. Half of it is being busy and half of it is the sobriety. I recently had to stop myself when I was going to ask a friend if he wanted to 'grab a drink' sometime soon. I think I am going to try and recondition my vocab so I am suggesting my friends and I get together and do things that don't involve sitting and drinking beverages. Life's too short to spend endless hours on your butt over paying for beverages (this includes coffee)..General chat: I beat Diablo 3 with my Monk! The game was really hard and recently they patched it to make it a little easier. I used to finish off a few cans of beer while playing and I played for about 5 hours without even needing a Coke Zero. It's not really such a big deal but I've been playing the game here and there since May :P Anyone else play videogames?
Triumph: I went a week without any alcohol which is the first time I've done that this Century. ..Struggle: I had hoped for a bit more clarity of mind. Maybe it's just age and forgetfulness I'd always assumed it was because I was usually drunk but events and days are pretty blurry to me still and there have only been 7 of them. I'll have to keep an eye on that...General: My five week old daughter started smiling two nights ago - that I do remember. :)
Triumph: I'm at 9 days which is awesome and continues my longest streak in at least 3 years... i feel almost no urge to drink and have barely been tempted. ..Struggle: today on the way to my class--which i have been consistently unprepared for due to drinking in past weeks instead of doing assignments--i had an anxiety attack. my anxiety is the biggest problem since quitting drinking other than boredom and feeling useless. i had to turn back around and get on the train home to take a xanax. ..i feel kind of like a failure even though i know that tomorrow i can set up a much-needed appointment with the counseling center at school which my kind teacher recommended last week while giving me an extension on an assignment i STILL haven't done and talking to someone about it honestly and openly will help. also my teacher was very open to hearing what was going on in my life that was distracting me from my schoolwork but last wednesday night when we had class i wasn't ready to say out loud after only 3 days that i have a drinking problem i just recently confronted seriously and head-on. now i am just anxious to see the counselor and get my shit back together. i feel comfort in knowing that as long as i'm sober i can't do anything nearly as stupid as i've done in the past. i now have the time and clear-headed logic to realize that i just need to work hard to fix each problem in my life honestly and with effort. ..general chat: blah blah blah sorry to rant. you guys are great. i hope everyone has a great night. ..edit: sorry i didn't format this correctly at first. edited!
Triumph: catching up with uni homework - final assignment due November 2nd then this under grad is **done**.Struggle: beat my self up badly to get the bastard fucking (Foucault) essay. Emotional equivalent of busted ribs and black eyes missed meetings and procrastinated till the bugger was in..TIRED SO TIRED but sober today and nothing else matters
