-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11usij/one_year/

So I suppose it's my turn to do a one-year post. It feels weird. But also really rewarding! For a long time I thought "How the hell can anyone not drink for that long. They must have a secret." I've come to realize that it's just not drinking one day at a time and taking action rather than waiting for a light switch to go on...For years I had been a heavy daily drinker and didn't care (and couldn't find a reason to care) about pretty much anything. I suppose I was "functional" in the sense of I had a job didn't wreck my car and didn't do any irreparable damage (that I know of). But emotionally I was close to absolute zero just going through the motions every day. Things steadily progressed to the point where a year ago I was dangerously close to losing my life along with every amazing gift I had ever been given. Poof. That moment resulted in a feeling I had never felt before and hope to never feel again - total despair and defeat. I decided that absolutely anything was better than that feeling and walked into AA the next day. Things have gotten steadily better since then. Not perfect but workable. And that's a pretty damn good feeling. I've learned that I have a lot more to learn about sobriety and growth. But I've also learned that sobriety is absolutely possible. If I can do it anyone can do it. Hope is a wonderful thing...Primarily I've gotten to a year by not taking a drink one day at a time. A number of things have made that daily goal easier - to each his or her own but here's the stuff that's working for me: ...* I don't drink no matter what - 'Nuff said. Hard but if there's one thing I remember it's this..* One day at a time - More than anything else knowing that all feelings and thoughts will pass sooner or later has really helped me..* Journaling - There's a lot of crap in my head. It really helps to get it out on paper. Plus feels good to go back and read previous entries to see where I came from..* Meditation - Helps to calm my mind and gain perspective. Practicing mindfulness and gratitude has gone a long long way towards my feeling more grounded and at peace with life..* Exercise - Getting up early to work out not only gives me a reason to not drink at night it feels great. The body's natural high is good enough these days..* Being responsible - I used alcohol to avoid life. Avoiding life via other escapes puts me back in that bad place again..* Posting here - This is such a great resource and full of wonderful people helping each other out. I lurked for quite a while but now find this a great way to check in with other recovering people anywhere and anytime. If you're thinking about signing up and saying hi just do it! Talking to sober people starts to rub off after a while..* And finally AA - I tried most of the above (and more) in various combinations and never got beyond 45 days dry. Real life connections have been extremely rewarding to say the least. ..So that's it. I dig being sober and I don't take life for granted anymore. If you're struggling just take it a moment at a time. Things can get better if you let them. And reach out to someone - it may be hard but it could be the best thing you ever do. I'm an alcoholic but I'm in recovery with you all. And that feels pretty good no matter what day we're on...Thanks SD!..Also some ancillary benefits of sobriety:..* Returning movies to Redbox the next day because I actually remember everything that happened with only one viewing...* The fish in my fishtank stay alive longer than say a week..* My call of duty skills no longer experience a dramatic drop off after 5pm..* The poop thing - much better. You know what I'm talking about..* Waking up in freshly washed sheets instead of McDouble wrappers..* Spending $0 on Altoids because I don't need to disguise my breath poorly..* Relaxed mornings instead of a daily oh-fuck-I'm-late..* I can reference specific songs a band played instead of "Yeah killer show I think.".* Donating all my old 'fat guy' clothes..* I don't get enraged by birds waking me up before the break of noon..* New hobby: ice cream..
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome! And your list of 'ancillary benefits' of sobriety made me laugh. Those birds still have a place on my resentment list. lol
"enraged by birds"..That sounds like a movie.  Or a band name...Congrats!
Awesome man. A lot of what you said rings true for me too but the McDouble-wrapper sheet set and the ice cream hobby in particular are spot-on. It's amazing how much you can eat and not gain weight once you don't have an additional 1000+ straight ethyl alcohol calories you consume on a daily basis.
Thats a great post.  Well done my friend. I like birds. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09aN6Tvf6oo&amp;feature=related..By the way his sister overdosed.  A lot of addiction in his family.
congrats...
awesome post! Thank you!
Great work! It sounds like you are doing everything in your power to stay sober and be happy. Good for you and congrats on the year!! You should get yourself a gift :)
HaPpy dances and internet high fives man HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Congratulations! Today is day 70 in my sobriety and i am so thankful i made that choice as you did. You give me hope!.
Wow awesome post. I should read this every morning. Only a bit over 2 weeks here but man has life changed and the morning thing less stressed meditating exercise so key. Alcohol used to add so much stress to my life. I now even have a savings account. I'm sticking to this. Sleep is so good and waking up in dry sheets rested is the best...
That's great thanks. I'll give up today.
This is a beautiful post.  I especially can relate to the first one--being able to watch a movie and .."remember everything that happened with only one viewing."  Oy vey how true.  ..Ya done good pardner. Here's to year #2!  May the poop be with you! lol.
[deleted]
Sounds about right! Main thing today: not drinking. Tomorrow? Same deal. A year seems impossibly long at first but it goes by quickly enough.
&gt;Journaling - There's a lot of crap in my head. It really helps to get it out on paper. Plus feels good to go back and read previous entries to see where I came from...this. 
It made me smile to read this. I appreciate your gratitude. Congratulations!
