-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/11vs8c/teetering_on_the_edge_and_need_to_take_a_step_back/

Hello reddit stopdrinking folks. ..I wish I wasn't such a downer right now. But I feel like I almost relapsed today though I didn't take any action in that direction nor was I really planning on drinking. I just feel myself backsliding; I'm refusing to relax not sleeping and hurtling forward when I need to take my time be cautious and take care of myself. I'm not taking care of myself. It's true I have not quite learned to do it and lack discipline. But I'm not trying. I'm letting the asshole voice win instead and the resulting actions/behaviors/choices express self-contempt. It is so ugly and demoralizing probably moreso sober than it used to be drunk...I have been responding to good positive days incomprehensibly-- never winding down spinning myself out in my own head engaging in all manner of non-drinking unhealthy behaviors the moment I'm alone and doing everything possible to ensure I've isolated myself the next day (when isolation is the last thing I want or need right now). I am struggling to get to AA roughly every other day and when I don't go it's because I can't function. So the problem isn't that I'm 'not a meeting maker' the problem is why I don't make it when I don't. There is still some sense of dread and impending doom because I am still sabotaging my efforts. The more I do this in between my days I claim to be working on my sobriety the more I feel like a complete fraud...I have been stressed about school and putting pathological pressures on myself when I should be fostering calm and engaged in self-care. I also have some things that feel urgent to take care of but with planning they would be manageable. The problem is I'm not managing them appropriately. Even when I have a hunch what might be a good strategy I follow the contrary voice and take impulsive action And I am ruining potentially good days before they even start! Those are the days I could be using more wisely which would be rewarding and the rewards might reinforce positive ways of dealing. but instead I sometimes can't use whole days at all. It makes me miserable doing that to myself. The negative results just beget more of the same...So I don't really think it's quite accurate to say I almost relapsed. More like I just feel myself expressing the same sentiment I was when I was drinking: that I don't care. It seems like when you're hell bent on destroying yourself--even if you don't have access to your usual tools--you'll find a way. Why do I do this? I think it's time to unbend myself and say goodbye to this last phase of my life. There's nothing to feel about it not nostalgic or bitter or sweet (totally not sweet). It's just done...Now how do I stop mourning it and move forward? I don't want my past back or lost time I want my *life* back. And I apologize and feel a little ashamed in rereading this would appear like I'm throwing a big self-pity party for myself. That's a pretty warranted reading. I am also just feeling stumped and would like some advice or guidance on where to go from here. I seem to not want to let myself get off the ground. ..Thank you to <insert higher-power concept here> for keeping me sober today. One day at a time and all but tomorrow will still be better k? (that part's directed to myself)
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Hey thanks for posting I hear ya.  Remember there is no wrong way to stay sober.  If you gotta scream yell and cry to stay sober just do it.  You'll still be sober...And stop beating yourself up; alcohol gave you a terrific beating and feeling sore is normal.  Additional pain in recovery is typical but not mandatory.  ..Just let go of the unreasonable picture-perfect standards you have set for yourself and be the best eltronsaladvandal you can be for *today.*..While I've got some silly day count next to my user name that doesn't mean that I don't have days when I screw things up royally.  And I also have days when my best attempt to stay sober is to go back to bed and pull the covers over my head and hide...I'm human like that - emotionally fragile spiritually infantile and mentally self-absorbed.  It's not unusual just a little embarrassing to be all imperfect and such...Sometimes even my best efforts come up short and I can't get done what I've promised I'd do.  That when &lt;insert higher-power concept here&gt; comes into the picture.  I need support especially when my ego tells me otherwise...And of course when all else fails work the Steps...Please keep posting and let us know how it's going.
It's hard new sobriety can be a huge adjustment do you have a sponsor and/or numbers of folks you can call? That in and of itself is a whole other trip but gosh it's helped me no end. Mind you I had to ask my sponsor to be my "temporary" sponsor just to trick my demon brain 
