-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/123l3w/feeling_so_good_that_im_fearful_of_relapse_so/

Hi almost a week sober and yesterday I was happy at how good I was feeling the withdrawal symptoms easing to the point that I stopped thinking about them..But today I am feeling so good physically that I'm starting to worry about relapse.  I know because this is my third attempt at quitting this year...Back in June on the night of the 25th I was so tired of drinking and worrying about drinking and trying to find ways to stop drinking so sick and tired that I just... didn't drink. And suddenly it all stopped...It was so easy..After a couple of days I didn't even think about drinking.  It was as if a switch had been flipped in my brain.  I couldn't understand why I had felt so compelled to drink all these years.  ..After two weeks my body felt like my own again.  After a month it was almost as if the drinking years had never been..I just felt so free!  With all this glorious time!  It was so good...So I really really didn't understand why I started drinking again.  It wasn't even that I gave in to a strong craving or anything..It was the night of July 31 and I thought "Gosh not a single drop this whole month!"  Then it was past midnight technically August now and so I poured myself a drink...Second attempt October 1st..I was back to my old drinking patterns but I'd found StopDrinking about a month before read the Allen Carr book and was feeling bad enough physically to flip the switch again.  .Again it was easy.  But this time the desperation of the first time was gone knowing I could quit if I really needed to and it only took me 8 days to have that first drink.  This time simply because I had plans the next day and needed to sleep..And thereafter I just couldn't stop.  Again...So last Friday I consciously decided to binge drink all day make myself feel terrible flip the switch and focus on staying away from that first drink..Stupid idea possibly but it worked to the point of getting myself into the drinking-is-out-of-the-question mindset.  But my thought patterns are starting to following the familiar pattern of my previous attempt...What is this thing that makes me consider drinking?.In a way the initial craving of the first 36 hours is easier to fight off..I read a comment here when I first found StopDrinking that inspired me: "You don't have to drink even if you want to.".That helped when I was craving when my shaky hand was on the verge of reaching out for a drink..But now... I don't know what this feeling is.  It's a psychological craving in a way I suppose.  .If I understood it would it go away?.Or is there nothing to understand just need to ignore it?  .   .One problem is my only reason for quitting is health related..I only drink when I'm alone in the house so I have never hurt anyone never had any unfortunate accidents or anything nothing or no one to lose that I feel the need to quit for..So once I start feeling physically better the motivation to stay quitted dissipates.  Already I can no longer remember the dire pain that motivated me to quit 6 days ago...I'm sorry if this doesn't make any sense..I guess I'm hoping that by posting this publicly it will make me feel really stupid to go through it all again...I hadn't been here these couple of days but coming back and reading your posts is helping again thanks all.
----------immediate responses--------

Yep. Know what yer talking about.  ..The good news about quitting drinking is pretty soon you start feeling better physically you start getting your feelings back and you start taking part in life...The bad news about quitting drinking is pretty soon you start feeling better physically you start getting your feelings back and you start taking part in life...So...For me I had to find out how to live sober AND happy. That was what I found in AA. ..All Best..
"For me I had to find out how to live sober AND happy. That was what I found in AA."..I am with you OP because the quote above is what I am still looking for.  I don't know what the problem is whether its me (who else could it be?) situation chemistry whatever but it is driving me so crazy that I actually posted here last night with a very similar question...I don't have a solution I am simply writing to let you know that you are not alone.  At this point if someone told me that digging a 50 foot whole with a spoon would work I would do it...Best of luck.
I'm familiar with the switch you talk about. I think I had a flip like that myself at some point. I believe it's real...I've also heard tell about people who lost that grip and struggled greatly trying to get it back...The thing that makes you keep going back to it is alcoholism. There's nothing more to study or understand. I tried the same thing; studying it doesn't make it go away. Analysis is just another control strategy from a disease that tells you to control...If you're going this alone you should start talking to other alcoholics. The kinds of things you're talking about  - the forgetfulness the inexplicable cravings the downright insane rationalizations - are all regular occurrences...A healthy concern about relapsing is responsible and not entirely a bad thing. But remember that your actions alone will determine whether or not you pick up that first drink. Nobody's going to make you drink. Find your defense to that first drink and you'll be all right. Best to you.
