-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12hw5e/a_little_sad_after_4_meetings_this_week/

I feel a little sad after attending 4 different meetings over this last week and I just want to talk a little about it.   I am sad because to some extent I feel that so many people are really really struggling and seem to not be able to beat their addiction except for weeks or a couple of months at a time.  It is sad to me because and I hardly know how to express this but a part of me feels like I shouldn't have fallen into this trap because I am not overtly mentally screwed up.  I am definitely alcoholic but I am not bipolar or adhd or clinically depressed.  So many people seem to have a long history not only of alcoholism but mental issues as well and I don't think this is any secret.  ..Still I share a problem with the others and I not only feel like I need to successfully get sober for an extended period but I also really would like to see others succeed...Something else that bugs me a little is that some of the long-term sober people express that can never stop going to meetings and that even 20 years out they could succumb to drinking.  I'm not arguing this at this point: it might be so but it seems like such "white-knuckling" is pretty intensive and might interfere with other acheivements.   Even this week I haven't done much of anything but work on reading and attending recovery.   I haven't cleaned house nor worked on my classes---which I was doing when I drank (albeit not to a high rate)  ..But I am only in my first week of meetings so we'll see how things progress.  I know that I am not feeling myself yet and I need at least several more days before i reach that point where I am usually feeling "good enough to drink".  
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you're lucky with just being an alcoholic. I have some other mental health issues as well as being alcoholic but it all boils down to a very basic inability to deal with life on life's terms...Glad you're going to meetings. Also most of the people that I know with long term sobriety are not constantly white knuckling it. Meetings are just a part of their lives. If you ask them what their life has been like I bet you'll be amazed. 
Hey there frownyclown. It sounds like you've got a lot on your mind with this stuff. This would be a perfect opportunity for you to use some of the numbers that you've picked up at the meetings you've been to (you have gotten phone numbers right?). I'm sure that anyone at any of the meetings you've been to would love to talk about this stuff with you. That said I'm glad I get the opportunity too...I know how you feel about people having a rougher time than you. I've never been diagnosed with any mental disorders had a pretty great childhood was given every opportunity etc. I'm alcoholic though and that's bad enough. I will say that there's a little bit of a chicken/egg deal going with drinking and mental disorders so the original cause is hard to tease out...It used to freak me out to see people show up for meetings for a while seem to really get into it then just never come back again. Once I started putting my name in books for other guys it started becoming clear that most of them never even came back a second time. That's alcoholism for you...As you start getting comfortable with sobriety you'll see your relationship with your recovery evolve to where you're doing more things like you mention. That said it's important to remember that without your sobriety you can't be positive you'll have classes to go to or a house to clean so make sure to prioritize with that in mind. Today I go to meetings when I'm down and need a pick me up but also when I'm feeling on top of my game and am thinking about the guy who might be down and needing their pick me up...Feel free to PM if you want to share more about your experiences. I'm happy to listen or share what I've seen and heard.
I know what you mean. Addiction *is* sad really. Unchecked it destroys lives. Commingled with other mental health issues it can be even more difficult for some. I think you're spot-on in realizing it's about the shared problem and not differences. But you could also look at it in reverse: if many people with severe emotional issues got and stay sober why shouldn't you also be able to? ..What's not sad is managing your problem one day at a time and making something out of life again. Plus if and when you get a handle on your problem maybe you'll get an opportunity to help those who are still struggling. That's one of the key ideas of recovery to me.
