-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12ki7h/two_days_ago/

This is a little lengthy. Sorry...Two days ago I "volunteered" (you do get a small payment but it is very informal position) to provide child care for a group that meets twice a week. Since moving to a new place I lost all my old babysitting gigs and I missed the kids so I figured it would be a good opportunity..So I get there and am chatting with a woman who is making coffee while I wait for the woman I had been emailing. I'm getting more curious as to what type of meeting it is so I ask. It's an AA meeting. .I laugh to myself. I grew up with AA both my parents being in it. We went to all the potlucks and weekend camp outs all my parents friends were in AA. Even as I grew up when I was old enough to stay home sometimes I'd still go to a meeting with my dad. .I wrote a college essay about how I grew up in AA how I loved the people I found there and how inspirational they were especially my parents. How I would never have to go through the hardships they went through because I knew it wasn't worth it I saw it I heard it and I wasn't going to do that..Yesterday I was drunk by noon and I can't really say why. I was in bed and asleep by the time my boyfriend go home from work so I wouldn't have to face him. Over the past year+ we've been living together there have been several incidents where the topic of me not drinking anymore has come up. It was decided that there would be no alcohol in out apartment..But he doesn't drink and never has so what would he understand? And I would have an afternoon off from work have all my school work and studying done and think what's wrong with just a drink? .But I can't have just one drink. .I felt like shit by the evening yesterday and I still want just one drink right now. .I am a productive person yet I've given up hours and hours of being non productive and drunk. Why?.There are people who drink every night and "don't have a problem". They're okay with it it doesn't interfere with their life. This is the problem of not having a text book definition for what it is to be an alcoholic. It's subjective. It depends on the person. I've got addictive genes. .Tonight I'm going to go to my first meeting try and find new friends that don't socialize by going to the bar. .I'm terrified. .I feel alone. .I can't talk to the one person I want to about this (my dad) for fear that he'll think he didn't do a good enough job raising me or he'll blame himself (knowing my dad he will)..I can't even talk to my sister about it. I'm afraid of the judgement. And it's my own sister who I am very close with. And who has no idea that I've been struggling with drinking. .Most people don't I guess that is part of having a problem being an alcoholic is that you can hide that you have a problem. .Hey admitting you have a problem is the first step right? It's been a few years coming but I'm here. Ashamed embarrassed and guilty. But taking a step in the right direction. Right?
----------immediate responses--------

.The secrecy of this problem can be overwhelming. I'm going through the shamed and embarrassed part of my journey now too. I just keep reminding myself that yes I can be embarrassed and feel guilty but to let it motivate me to do the right thing for myself! Kind of a "damn it that was lame of me. good thing my choice to be sober came out of it!"  I haven't talked to my parents either. My mom told me "Just get pregnant then you won't drink anymore. Worked for me!" Sooooo not the most helpful. But I wish you luck and fortitude!
It's good of you to be here.  When you feel like your drinking is affecting you emotionally and in your relationship it's time to think hard about priorities.  How far do you really want to go down the rabbbit hole?  Do you want to lose your bf?  Do you want to get to the point where hiding it from your family is impossible?  How many more times do you want to look into the mirror with regret and guilt?..You sound like such a great person.  You have a lot going for you.  You have a good family.  Embrace that person give your self a hug and do what is best for you.  ..If your dad feels guilty; and really he shouldn't it isn't his fault you picked up the drink then help him feel proud about the fact that he gave you the tools to help yourself.  .
when i was drinking i isolated myself as well hoping to hide it from people which was a joke. it gets lonely and made me feel like everything was hopeless. but as you know since your parents were involved with AA its not. as a recovering alcoholic and father i would want to know if any of my children ever develop an addiction of any kind. to be honest i might feel guilty about it but i would also be there for them to help in any way i could. give your dad a chance we can suprise you sometimes
Your parents gave you a gift. You know that things are becoming unmanageable and you know what to do about it. Just go to the meeting introduce yourself as a newcomer and the rest will sort itself out one day at a time. You are absolutely doing the right thing. Thank God for alcoholic parents who bring up their kids in AA.
I don't know your sister but there is a good chance that she really might not judge you for telling her. I didn't want to tell my sister but one day I realized it was because A. I was ashamed of my self but I made myself think that it was a problem of her looking down on me and not my own self-judgement and B. I realized that I didn't want to tell them in case one day in the future if I wanted to drink again I wouldn't have to explain anything to her. I told my sister and she was so very happy and proud of me (and she is usually the dismissive one). She understood from having an alcoholic roommate so she was just happy that I caught on early. I was actually surprised with how relieved I was by telling her. But also I do understand that some people its better not to tell since I havent told my parents. But if you think that telling your family might give you more positive and helpful people supporting you then it might be good to rethink not telling them.
