-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12lrpg/update_on_my_situation/

so 9 days ago i posted to this sub reddit confused and asking for advice. i was going through some pretty heavy withdrawals hallucinations shakes flu like symptoms etc... i took your guys advice that night and went under the care of a doctor for two days and rode out the worst of it. upon getting out I've decided to man up and actually take my sobriety seriously i never want to go through anything like that again. i am know eleven days sober going to two meeting a day and working with my sponsor. its been hard these past eleven days i work at a bar and I've yet to have the obsession lifted. but i wanted to take this opportunity to thank everyone who gave me advice and i think its really cool this community is here to support alcoholics struggling with sobriety. thanks again
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats Macster.  Sobriety and working in a bar is a challenge I cant even imagine.
I have yet to have the obsession lifted. I don't know if I ever will. I do know for me if I go to meetings and talk to my sponsor I have a much better chance of staying sober than if I went at this alone. You're on the right track. Never forget how those withdrawals felt. I also had DT's  so I use that feeling as motivation to not drink.
Thank you for the update and its great to hear you're hanging in there. It took me a while to have the obsession lifted but it certainly has now. Stay strong and wait for the good stuff.
So happy for you! Hold on to the little victories that come in early sobriety. Things start getting better. Also don't be hard on yourself. You don't need to "get" everything all at once.
congratulations on 12 monumental days!
I love updates like yours! Thank you...**The obsession does lift but it takes time.**.. Working in a bar is not going to help though. It pays your bills I understand but hopefully a working environment more conducive to peace and healing will unfold in the future...One hour one morning one day at a time. it's a wonderful ride but expect rough spots. Hang on...you're doing it!
Awesome. Congratulations on how far you've come. My detox was my invitation to stay sober for good too. So far it's sticking. Keep coming back man.
Keep us updated :) good to see your bettering
