-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12oah8/1_year_ago_today_i_woke_up_in_the_hospital/

They weren't sure if I was going to make it.  I had a BAC higher than the one that had killed Amy Winehouse.   That is simply insane for me to think about now and to remember how I would poison myself every day because it made me feel "better".   I did that for 7 years.  It never made me better............There have been a lot of ups and downs.  Relapse depression sadness confusion apathy and denial. But the positive days FAR outnumber the negative.  I'm being promoted at work.  I'm healthier  much happier and better able to deal with challenges and stress.  I run faster which is pretty huge.  That has been a goal for a long time that I couldn't accomplish due to my drinking and the crappy health that resulted from a majority of my calories coming from vodka.  I used to put it in my Gatorade without a thought at all about how insane and backwards  and fucked up that is................It gets better and easier all the time.   I remember how difficult it was last November to push my grocery cart past the huge Holiday liquor displays.  These companies spend billions trying to convince us that it isn't the Holidays without Brandy in your Nog or Champagne.   The Champagne - that is still a difficult hurdle for me.  But it is time for some new traditions.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on staying strong!
It really is hard to understand WTF I was thinking especially the last 5 years or so when I had advanced to drinking whole bottles of whiskey. Insane and backward and fucked-up indeed...It sounds like you almost certainly saved your life.
There were many times I had a BAC that should have killed me. Eventually it was going to either through alcohol poisoning or a bullet through the head. Like you drinking NEVER made me feel better. Not drinking however simply was not an option. It was insanity...When i was drinking most of my calories also came from a vodka bottle. I rarely ate anything. I was physically ill everyday for years. Looking back at it now I'm amazed that I didn't die. I felt like I was going to every day...Remembering what it used to be like helps keep me sober today. I know that I am only one drink away from being right back in the same place. I have a healthy fear that if that were to happen it would kill me the next time...Congrats on your success. And thanks for sharing part of your story.
Nice one! Last holiday season was pretty stressful for me too - one day I was holed up by the window in a coffee shop to escape the holiday parties only to have a crown royal truck park their big logo right in front of the window. Great...That's awesome to hear about the good days starting to out umber the bad ones! Even though there will be bad days ahead it's a pretty good feeling knowing that on average things are way better no? Congrats and keep it going!
