-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12qgwg/anyone_else_have_especially_vivid_painful_dreams/

I know a lot of people have dreams about alcohol where they relapse. I haven't experience this yet but both times I've tried to quit I get these very vivid dreams the first few nights. In them my ex-wife shows up and tells me what a horrible person I am for what seems like hours. It dampens the pleasantness of a sober morning...I'm assuming it's just my brain making me deal with pain that I'd previously just drank away. Anyone else have painful dreams during the first few nights?
----------immediate responses--------

I did.  Woke up on various days angry crying scared....It lessens but the first week is a bear.  
After a few months of being sober your head will clear up and you'll stop having wacky/crazy/upsetting dreams as frequently is my guess.
You have a chemical imbalance that's starting to correct itself. At least it was for me.  . .You may even experience anxiety. I just worked out like crazy mid-day and drank chamomile tea/took valerean root near bedtime.. .You can read up on alcohol withdrawal on wikipedia; it's similar to benzos (valium xanax etc.) withdrawal. GABA receptors and all that. (I did a lot of research myself). The first week or so will be weird but you'll adapt slowly as your brain corrects itself. Take vitamin B's and Omega-3 stuff too your CNS is gonna be under some serious stress and chemicals will take a while to re-balance.. .It'll go away. You also may have awesome dreams too; the pendulum swings both ways.
Chemical imbalance my friend after a month you'll start sleeping like a baby.
I had those dreams to at the beginning I never knew why. I spoke with my sponsor and she told me that it is completely normal. One of my friend for the rooms gave a tea to improve sleeping and some melanin vitamins. They did work. Also I am taking every morning SAM-E. they have been amazing.  
I had never had one of those dreams where you think you woke up from your dream but your really still asleep. But then about a week after my go at sobriety this time I dreamt I started drinking again and then woke up relived it was a dream(but was still dreaming) 5 times in a row. It was crazy.
For me that was the worst part of it especially the dreams that took place in my immediate surrounding of where I was sleeping reality was lost track. 
