-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/12sllb/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: I chaired my first meeting and it went pretty well my nerves were pretty calm for most of it.  And I've started the ball rolling on getting some outpatient treatment in dealing with the emotions/fears that have started creeping in lately...Struggle: Feelings are coming out of nowhere last night I felt really really angry for no particular reason.  On one hand it sucked but on the other I was grateful to be feeling it again after numbing myself for so long..Also at work they are doing layoffs and salary cuts.  I'm kinda bummed that I'm making less money but I still have a job so that's a big plus...General chat: First sober wedding this weekend I'm curious to see how sober dancing goes ;)..Have another great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Yes it is good to still be sober I'm nearly done with my second week straight which will be a record for me.  I did have vague temptations but I really just dont want to drink anymore.  What a mess that was.  Cleaned house a little more an got good sleep yet again.  Looking forward to another good day.
Yay! It's Wednesday!  I get a day off work tomorrow. .Triumph - today will be my 7th straight day sober (a new record).  Thanks everybody. .Struggle - yes. Had a couple of times where I wanted to rip my skin off.  It's getting better (way better) now. Thanks everybody. .Be well. 
Last night was fun.   My BF and I were hanging out watching the election results.  I was keeping up on twitter which was lots of fun.  Hilarious comments there and I made some new twitter friends that are local which is always great..........I got a little sad when the results were called and everyone on twitter was drinking to celebrate.  No champagne for me obviously.   But on the way to the kitchen to grab a lemonade I noticed we had PopRocks in our candy basket and they were blue ones.   What could be more awesome than celebration by PopRocks I thought.   So of course we devoured those things and I sent a cute little tweet off about it.   Soon friends who were happy with their champagne were replying "You guys have freakin PopRocks?   I wish I had PopRocks!"........I think I will get some PopRocks for New Years now.   :o)
Triumph: got to work an old gig for the election and it was grand..Struggle: no motivation.  Gotta work on it. Also got asked out "for a drink" by an old friend and I'm playing the "do I say something or just shut up and drink soda" game...
Triumph: I deadlifted 375lbs x 8 this week..Struggle: I seem to be unable to control my temper and I'm increasingly impatient..General chat: I'm dating someone for the first time in 2 years (and it seems to be going well). I don't crave alcohol now lots of other things in life seem to be taking up my time now.
[deleted]
