-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/133ckv/i_am_so_bad_at_relationships_a_reason_why_i_drink/

Not a good reason to drink not the only reason I drink but a reason I drink. But I'm holding it together tonight posting here instead of drinking...A co-worker today asked me if I wanted to go over to his place after work. The anxiety kicked in  and I made up a lame excuse about having to work late. Now I feel like absolute crap and I feel like I'm 12 years old and I feel like going home and drinking until I can't even stand up let alone think about how socially inept I am. ..But I won't. In the short term I can get through this with absolute will-power. A saying I've read around here often is that a relapse doesn't start with the first drink it starts before that with some kind of trigger and I recognize this as that trigger. In the longer term I know I have to deal with these thoughts & emotions if I expect to continue to stay sober...Honestly I think I'm ready to go to AA I think I would go tonight but where I live there are no meetings Monday or Tuesday (or thursday).
----------immediate responses--------

I feel exactly the same way right now. Work is super fucked up. I am away from my family I am not even sure if my marriage is going to last and I feel like a fucking retard when it comes to very basic personal interaction. I was doing great up till about 4 days ago and it all went fucking sideways. This is exactly when I would drink myself into oblivion. I feel like crying now. I feel so helpless and exposed. This isn't any fun...Having said all that. i will go to bed without a drink today and go to work tomorrow and just keep going as that is all i can do. You are not alone for whatever that is worth I just felt the need to say it. Be strong. I believe in you.
As someone who only came here because I believe my hangover has some elements of withdrawal you can take this for what it is: ..You will learn new social mechanisms in time. Your social anxiety and general anxiety will reduce as you recover. There are long term effects to the brain as a result of alcoholism. I can't reccomend anti-anxiety medications but this is one of the reasons that they are prescribed for those recovering from alcoholism. I've seen people have extremely severe halucinations and posibly even strokes as they tried to stop drinking. This is long ago when I was an orderly. Thinking of this almost makes me glad that all that's going wrong with me is that my legs are twitching and cramping so badly that I want to scream. I think it may also be a slipped disc in my back if you're wondering why I'm even questioning what seems like a pretty likely withdrawal symptom. I sure wish I had health insurance to see a doctor. ..Edit: I also drink because of social problems. I've considered going to assertiveness training classes to help. I'd like to know if anyone's had any success with this.
I hear you. I also hear that you drink because you feel anxious in social situations. Yet your solution isn't to drink and then go out. Rather it's go home and get shit-faced by yourself. To my mind that's not going to make the social anxiety any better. Also and this was just me but maybe it will help you...I found that my anxiety greatly decreased about 3 months into sobriety. Alcohol turned on me. Rather than relieving my anxiety it began adding to it. I would recommend that you go to a meeting. There is absolutely nothing to be afraid of or ashamed about. And unless you live way out in the sticks (which you might) I can pretty much guarantee you that there is a meeting almost every night nearby.
Hey Dave. I do the same thing. From what I hear in meetings it seems like a very big number of alcoholics do. A lull in a conversation an odd flash over someone's face a failure to notice me in the room any of those things will send me into my head...If you're anything like me it's going to continue to happen. And all you're going to be able to do is talk yourself down. My story is full of conflict and drama but that's because I injected it. It's just a story I made up. In reality nobody spends all that much time scrutinizing me my schedule or my lame excuses. As surprising as it's been to me I'm no more messed up than anyone else. 
[deleted]
You're worth knowing sober.  It has taken me a long time to realize that I too was worth knowing sober and that the drinks just got in the way of people knowing the real me.  I was often afraid that I wasn't worth knowing and the drinks helped numb my social anxiety. Problem is I could never stop at 1 2 or 7 drinks. ..Finding triggers feels freakin' awesome!  It's like panning for Gold and finding a nugget.  Sure a lot of people might not appreciate or understand what you've found but you do and the other "gold miners" on here do too. ..Best of luck!
Have you checked out the IRC channel?  It has been a tremendous help for me.
On days when you don't have an in-person meeting you can go to the chat-meetings or online voice meetings at SMART recovery.  If you are in AA it is not the same program but you will still be in the company of like minded individuals.
