-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/136fzz/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: My best friends' wedding over the weekend has amazing.  I wasn't even really thinking about the booze around me.  I spent most of the night dancing with the maid of honor and thank god she couldn't dance either so we just winged it :)..Struggle: Trying to help a friend going through a tough time.  This is the first time I feel like I've been able to actually "be there" for her.  Sometimes when I talk with her my fear goes into overdrive thinking "Your advice sucks she's going to get pissed and call you out for being a shitty friend you're just making things worse for her".  I'm learning to recognize those thoughts and then push them away...General chat: One life goal is complete: I danced to Mumford and Sons over the weekend sober and with a beautiful girl :)..Have another great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Triumph: White knuckled 10 days of sobriety and I'm feeling great...Triumph/Struggle: Going to first AA meeting tonight tonight and super-nervous..Struggle: Identifying my triggers and doing something about them...Struggle 2: Getting through sunday evening which is 'get drunk to avoid what's coming tomorrow' day...Triumph: got outside last weekend for some amazing fun outdoor activites. Planning on doing the same this weekend.
[deleted]
Triumph:  My weight loss is up to 25lbs.  I'm not craving alcohol anymore.  Chairing the meetings is great fun and I get a lot out of it.  I'm looking forward to doing some "Alcathon" work around Thanksgiving.. .Struggle: Serenity must be renewed.  I can't take things (my HP) for granted nor can I get cocky.  . .General: I really couldn't imagine life without drinking but I knew that I couldn't continue living the way I did.  "Desperation is the elevator to sobriety" I've heard some say and that's what led me to ignore the doubt and fear surrounding the cessation of alcohol.  . .Now that I've got a little sober time under my belt life is so very much different than I anticipated.  It's better in ways I couldn't even imagine.  I'm grateful to be sober and alive today.  It took some work but it was well worth it.  
Triumph: made 30 and feel great about it. ..Struggles: WINTER IS COMING... Dark early getting miserable outside... I see it being a tougher few months ahead...General:  I've been binging on Boardwalk Empire great acting.  Any other series worth digging into?
[deleted]
80 days feels good.  Had a terrible dream last night where I was drinking and drunk and couldn't remember if I was supposed to be staying sober or not...it was strange.  Can't wait to be at 90 days.
Triumph: Finally getting through to people that this is right for me right now. Oh and that whole resisting drinking thing for almost a week now :D I can even leave work without going to the bar and NOT experience anxiety!..Struggle/Triumph: I've found a group that I'll be attending for the next however long but I have yet to speak (People from the chat prepared to be shocked I get super fucking shy there for some reason). Also I was presented with the first round of group infighting today and it kinda made me blah...Struggle: Tuesday and Wednesday nights are trigger nights for me. I want to go play Bingo at the bar with a friend of mine and the bartenders know not to serve me there... But at the beginning and end of the night I get strange tightness across my chest until I finally have my diet coke in front of me.
Triumph: another day sober..Struggle: staving off depression ..Chat: just checking in
Triumph:  Have experienced moments when I have heard the voice of the old self tempting me with possibilities of drinking and denying it control of my body and my emotions.  I hear you talkin' but I keep on truckin!..Struggle:  Oddly going to drunk driver offender classes made me think that drinking might be ok if I just don't drive.  The class taught people how to drink without driving by setting up drinking situations so that driving is not an option.  Didn't bother to try those options out...Chat: went to a bar to watch an aa friend (kinda have a crush on him) do comedy.  Was a good show and several aa folks were there so drinking was not even a thought.
Triumph: 60 days sober today...Struggle: sort of put on the spot during my AA class ( after I got my chip) and literally broke down crying before I even opened my mouth to share. I don't know what got over me. Maybe all this shame and guilt that has been on my shoulders. Which was also the theme of the session. But just bawling my eyes out for the first time with these ladies in the three weeks I've attended... I've been sober on my own for the past two months and only started attending AA classes because of my DUI court case. Everyone was so amazed that I only attend one class and quit cold turkey. But I have the strength to say no. I've been to plenty of bars and denied drinks. I did smoke once but only because my severe back pain got the best of me and only took one hit but not one drop of alcohol in 60 days. ..Only thing that bothered me is that one lady sort of pressured me to start reading the 12 steps book and I am not comfortable enough to accept this path maybe because I am agnostic. I don't involve myself in the opening or closing prayer. I just hold hands and look away.  Not that I have anything against them or think I am better. I am just on my own spiritual path...One of the ladies said " maybe you aren't and alcoholic and just got caught." I agreed with her but also said that drinking has only gotten me in trouble and not helped with any of my endeavors such as going back to grad school and getting my masters ( which I  need in the field that i am going for)...General: glad I am sober 60 days broke down some emotional walls enjoying the rest of my day. ...
Triumph: First date with a girl I've been chatting with for a little while. Didn't wear a mask or try to be anything I'm not. Told her I'm in recovery...Struggle: Started to feel overwhelmed at work. Why would they give all these complicated projects to an idiot like me? Maybe they see something in me that I don't...General chat: Listened to a new mix on the way to my date. dj-kicks by photek. Yissssss.
