-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13kbtm/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: I'm back into the gym after about 3 months off.  It feels great lifting heavy things again...Struggle: Work stress - I might be changing teams and there's pressure from multiple people over what I should do.  But I'm trying to keep that between 9 and 5..General chat: Holy Animal Crackers Batman it's almost a month till Xmas...Have another great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Yay xmas. I actually haven't drank away the money for gifts. :)
Triumph: I'm sober today and that's the most important thing. I spent many a holiday drunk and alone. I don't need to ever repeat that...Struggle: My son is failing several of his classes in middle school. It's really stressing me out and is causing arguments between me and my wife. It has not been very pleasant the last few days...General chat: I'm starting my Thanksgiving holiday a day early and am taking today off from work. After the last few days I need a day by myself to unwind. I'll probably spend half the day on Reddit.
[deleted]
Sick head feels like it is full of rocks :(..Struggle: making it to an AA meeting though schedule and circumstance conspire against me...Triumph: 16 days and feeling great! (well... mentally anyway. Physically for many of those 16 days)..General chat: at home sick lying in bed all day means I have all afternoon to read the 'big book'. Tried to do some coding this morning but the brain is not working so well while it's full of snot.  This weekend is my birthday but no temptation to drink because I'll be spending it with my family and they know I no longer drink alcohol (I've told them it's because I'm on a low carb diet). 
Hey - I made it 7 days today! Not too big a deal since it's not the first time but hey I'm liking that little 1 in the circle...Triumph: Did some extra chores instead of vegging in front of the tv. Read the Longform guide to addiction which was interesting...Struggle: OMG headed to family headquarters for Thanksgiving tomorrow. It's always a huge stressor and where I relapsed once after a year of sobriety. I'm going to be checking in here a lot tomorrow FYI.
triumph: tomorrow is a week. A frickin WEEK!! i dont feel like shit in the mornings i realized today that i'm no longer mired in the constraints that come with a perpetual chardonnay IV drip :p  ..struggle: steady as she goes?..general: gonna be so strange tomorrow - not skulking off somewhere to escape the festivities no yearning to get home and fill up that glass. i MIGHT even do something with my kids this weekend. i dunno though - that might be pushing it a bit ;)
Triumph: My second week is going well. The physical symptoms are beginning to abate. I am sleeping again (not passing out just *going to sleep*) and I was around others who were drunk without feeling like I was missing out or "not part of the party"...Struggle: Tomorrow is blues night at the bar downstairs and I'm supposed to sit in with a group of guys I really enjoy jamming with. The drinks are free for the band. I'm not going. One beer = six pitchers and fifteen highballs...General chat: My girlfriend who lives 5 hours away is coming to visit for four nights. Sexytimes are way better when you remember them!
Triumph - My kids are doing great and I feel like a good mother for the first time ever!..Struggle - I am eating too much junk food since Halloween. I need to start eating better. 
Triumph: Bumper plates came in yesterday so I started my Power-lifting work out plan pumped to get into a new routine.  Also I start a new job on Monday that I am really excited about!  ..Struggle: Grocery store didn't have any pork slabs so I couldn't make my usual pulled pork for Thursday/Friday. I love making pulled pork but I'll have to find something else to do so it doesn't turn into a bummer.  ..General Chat: New episode of The Challenge tonight.  I don't know why I love that show so much but it's pretty much the only show I go out of my way to make time for.  ..EDIT: Struggle is that it turns out that The Challenge isn't new tonight.  Bummer. 
