-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13r0t5/enough_is_enough_time_to_control_this_problem/

Hey reddit. Im 22 years old and have always been constrained by this dumb substance of alcohol. Ever since the early age of 17 I have always been in constant struggle to stay out of trouble. I am pushing a good 7 drinking tickets and each ticket is worse than the one before. I just recently got an OWI and this is the last straw. Since senior year in high school I have done nothing but put a strain on myself and more importantly my family. I have a beautiful girl friend ambition to get a job after college (which is going to be a struggle because of my past record) and a very supportive family that will always have my back. I have gone to a few AA meetings which they only helped for a week or 2 but before you knew it I was back at it. Im not here to express my pain but hopefully to be an example that you can over come alcohol. One more infraction and it's a wrap for me. Turning life around starts.... NOW! Wish me luck and i'm here for others for support
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome trilldubb8. I hope you know how lucky you are to be going through this at your age. I'm literally twice your age and have a dead spot in my life about 15 years long. From this guy's vantage you wanna get this shit right or else you're gonna end up old and just getting started with you life.
[deleted]
Welcome! Glad you found this subreddit - it's been incredibly helpful to me. One of the questions people here like to ask is "What are you going to do differently now?" It can be as simple as just talking with people about your plans or it can be doctors or therapy medication or meetings or all of the above. Good luck and keep us posted!
You're not kidding when you say "One more infraction and it's a wrap for me."  There can be dire life-altering consequences that occur because of one's drinking.  I was almost a felon that lost my job and would have been unable to return to my home and that was only after one run in with the law.  You get a couple DUI's and you can possibly face years of jail time not to mention what might happen if you run your car into someone else's after a few drinks.  All of these add up on your criminal record and make it harder to apply for schools and jobs... I've come to learn that drinking simply isn't worth it...I too am 22 years of age.  We are quite special if we can recognize a drinking problem and find a working solution while we're this young.  I've only been to one AA meeting but many of the people there had been struggling with alcohol for upwards of 20 or 30 years.  Our bodies and our minds will appreciate us much more if we can stop it here...You should hang out here for a while.  I owe my sobriety to this subreddit and the awesome folks that frequent this place.  I'm sure you won't regret it.  Good luck to you.  I hope you can reflect and see that the problems alcohol brings legal or otherwise aren't worth the short term and superficial feelings that it brings.
I was 23 when I got my third DUI. Unfortunately I did not see it as a wake up call and continued to drink for another 10 years. During that 10 years my drinking progressed until I was drinking all day long every single day. My life was hell and I didn't want to do anything about it until I found myself composing a suicide note. I was desperate enough to finally give AA a shot and was finally able to turn my life around...You don't have to make the same mistakes I did. By posting here you are already ahead of where I was at your age. You can get sober now or continue on the downward spiral that many of us had to travel before we were able to make the decision the decision that something had to change...Good luck to you. You can do this.
Wondering why AA stopped working for you? Stopped going to meetings? Didn't read the book? Do any work to stay sober? Its not magic takes work. Find a sponcer read the big book WORK the steps. It worked for me and I thought I was hopeless. Wishing you the best. Stay sober my friend.
I'd would like to say I have forgotten I posted this just 3 days ago and when I just checked a few minutes ago everyones comments took me by surprise that everyone actually took time and looked at my post. This place is awesome I know this is gonna help!
