-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13stgg/because_i_cant_sleep_i_decided_to_say_hi/

Hey /r/stopdrinking I'm a 20 year old college student who has spent the last six weekends getting plastered. I previously quit for 60 days then my friends/a party environment/my own stupidity led me to relapse. That was about a month and a half ago and I've been drinking ever since...This weekend I almost died as a result of my drinking. Every Sunday night I can't sleep and I stay up worrying about all the homework I didn't get done because I was drinking instead...This has to stop. Normally I'm not one for reaching out to people but I need some accountability. I just requested a badge and I'm looking forward to the rest of my life...Edit: Wow guys thanks for all the support. I think this will be much easier with a group of like-minded individuals to talk with and learn from. Here's to watching our badges grow one day at a time!..Thanks for reading and good luck to you too.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the subreddit. Seems you had a wake up call this weekend and have decided to do something about your drinking. By all means continue to visit the subreddit look at your badge post and comment and generally use it as the tool that it's meant to be. Reddit didn't exist when I got sober but I can certainly see its usefulness now...Many people here have gotten sober some on there own some with the help of AA some with treatment. One common thing that all of these people share is that they all did it one day at a time. Make a commitment each day to stay sober for 24 hours. Just for today. For that 24 hours make a commitment to stay sober and don't drink no matter what. Tell yourself that you can drink tomorrow if you need to but don't drink today. Go to bed sober wake up sober tomorrow and start the whole process all over...You don't have to drink again if you don't want to but it does take effort on your part. Good luck.
Welcome nonolonger. Thanks for posting...If you want to quit drinking you're in the right place. Make yourself familiar...Read the older threads. Read as many of them as seem interesting and/or relevant to you. When I quit drinking I didn't know half of what I know today about myself or why it was that I was an absolute drunk. It was only after hearing the stories of other people like me that I began to put it together for myself. When it turned out that I wasn't the only person who had the thoughts and the feelings that I did I was finally able to see that there was a solution to the root cause of my troubles...Please keep posting back. Ask questions. PM people at random just to see how they're doing. Drinkers love isolation and they will constantly tell you they've got things covered even when they clearly do not. It's an unhelpful habit...You've got people behind you. Use this support when you need it. I've got faith that you can succeed in getting better. 
Hey there are lots of other new people here too so welcome. I'm getting a big kick out of watching my badge grow each day. This is a great subreddit be sure to go back and read some of the old ones as well. Congrats on making the decision to be healthier and happier!
[deleted]
Hi NoNo. Post often. Look into AA or anything else that might help. There's a chat room. Read old threads.  There is alot of stuff at your disposal to help you get started.  Ask questions.  Don't feel awkward or out of place.  Most of us are just like you.  Put aside the money you're saving and buy something nice for yourself.  
[deleted]
don't die.  you're too young.  let's hang in there together and do this!
