-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13xjcw/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: Got most of my Xmas shopping done before December woo!..Struggle: Getting over a cold.  On the plus side is much less severe than it would be if I was drinking...General chat: Got our first snow this week hopefully it sticks around for Xmas...Have another great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Triumph: still not smoking eating regular breakfasts (sounds small but oh so huge there ar actual groceries in the apartment on a regular basis... Pinches arm)..Struggle: counting down to 90 days is making it hard to stay in the moment.really. hard. Late shift and no meetings not helping..General chat: summers here starting to clock 38 degree days yes folks that is Celsius. May be escaping Christmas new year for getaway detox day spa (yay)
Triumph: 2 weeks today yay!..Struggle: Stressed about holiday stuff like shopping parties food...General chat: My coworker brought me black mud from the Dead Sea! I think a spa day is in order. 
[deleted]
Triumph: Last weekend was my birthday and I had many chances to drink (at one point I was offered free rum while waiting to get in to a restaurant for supper). I held strong through it all and did not drink!..Struggle: This Friday/Saturday will be similar only worse. Multiple work functions/parties basically from noon to late saturday night where alcohol will be free plentiful and everybody will be drinking (doubly tough because everyone still sees me as a drinker). I'm a big fan of getting the heck out when there is alcohol around but I won't be able to in this case...General chat - what the heck is it with that /r/mylittlepony ad in the sidebar? Is it driving anyone else crazy?.
Triumph: 30 days sober today!..Struggle: Money is ... non existent in my life right now. Does anybody want to hire an ex-drinker with no job experience? ..General chat: I am in the mood for a melon icee. Has anyone ever had one of those? So. Good. 
My soberdometer rolled over to a nice number today.  Yay me! It feels good!  As an excuse I took the day off from work to burn some vacation time although I'm spending it doing a little bit of work anyways.  Mostly things are going swimmingly but I've got to get my chocolate addiction under control.  I'm grateful for having such trifling problems.  Be well everyone.
Triumph: Finally got a regular 8 hour work day in after a lot of half days (mostly due to sleep deprivation and crazy irritability) without even being tempted by Super Hot Coworker (c'mon we all have one) asking me to go out for my favorite tequila after work. Spent the money I would have used for wine all week on a ticket to a concert my man was DYING to go to so I have a temptation free evening of Netflix with my bunny and a boyfriend coming home in a fantastic mood from music not booze (I've never been so thankful he's down to grocery money for a few days). 10 days without a drink today and down to 2 cigarettes a day...Struggle: I CAN NOT FUCKING SLEEP UNTIL DAWN. I know it'll get better after a few more days I suffered through a lot of sleepless nights getting sober the first time and thankfully the anxiety is already wearing off but I decided not to buy any weed until I had at least a few weeks so I wouldn't just use it as a crutch but I could use a bowl right now. I'm also coming off a weird sudafed habit I didn't even notice I had until my teeth hurt and bled and I realized I was popping 8-10 every day to get through work for the last few months. I took 2 for two days then one for a day and none for 7 days but it's brutal to be this tired at work and know I can't pop a few to keep me going. ..General chat: Staying sober is making me crave healthy foods in reasonable quantities and I'm startled how often I was eating awful shit just to comfort the depressed anxious feeling I had from drinking not because I was hungry. It's nice to eat like a skinny girl without even trying. ...
[deleted]
