-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/13z1hs/i_cant_remember_what_i_did_when_i_was_blackout/

Hi guys I'm so happy I found this forum. I've been going through struggles with binge drinking for the past few years but nothing bothered me as much as something that happened this past Saturday night. It's fairly benign - thank god - but I need to get it off my chest anyway. ..I went out with some friends and when they were ready to go home I stayed out and continued drinking. It's very typical for me to keep drinking long after the people I arrived with have quit and make new pals in the bar. I am aware that this is highly dangerous but when I'm drunk nothing matters to me besides having another drink and socializing. ..This particular night I met a group of people who genuinely seemed nice (and I still think they are). We hung out for awhile and then I blacked out and woke up in the morning in the bed of a stranger. I was fully clothed and he swears he slept on the couch and I actually believe him. I really truly don't think anything happened between us. During the parts of the night I can remember he never even attempted to make a move or behave as anything other than a concerned human being who was hanging out with a very drunk girl. ..The problem is it's driving me crazy that I don't know. I just don't know. I don't have any memory of the way I behaved and that scares the shit out of me. I have a boyfriend and I love him to death...I actually remember babbling on about him to these people when I was out with them. I'm scared to tell him scared of how he'll react scared of the implications and the hurt scared that what I did makes me undeserving of his love. ..I'm so ready to stop this. I absolutely lose all semblance of control when I drink and I hate it. When I wake up in the morning sober it feels like another person was just running around in my body the night before. I'm so deeply ashamed of this problem. Where do I go from here?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
[deleted]
Ugh I'm so sorry. It was brave of you to post this and I guarantee a lot of us here have similar experiences. For a lot of us it's what make us think seriously about getting sober. Like I'm sure others will say take this terrible shitty thing and turn it into something positive. Start really thinking about your drinking and alcoholic behaviours. Figure out how you're going to quit or cut down significantly. Share those plans with friends. You'll start feeling better about yourself I promise!
Disclaimer: Not an actual doctor. Damn I need to change my username...You might want to see if you can do an Outpatient Harm Reduction program...This book was recommended by the substance abuse councilor I went to http://www.amazon.com/Controlling-Your-Drinking-Tools-Moderation/dp/1572309032..Basically if you are serious about moderation the general advice is to quit for 30 days then keep a log of every drink (you can do this via an app).  It worked ok for me in the short-term but then I just went from binging to drinking less but every single day. ..Why do I recommend something if it didnt work for me? It took trying to do moderation seriously and failing to make me realize I had to stop.  .."Recent research has found that young college binge drinkers who drink 4/5+ drinks on more than 3 occasions in the past 2 weeks are statistically 19 times more likely to develop alcoholism than non-binge drinkers though the direction of causality remains unclear"
You are here and say you are ready to stop this good for you! That can be the hardest part sometimes. One day....that's it. Don't drink today and if you are gifted with a chance at a tomorrow then rinse and repeat. So glad you are here stay strong. I for one am rooting for you.
