-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/149rvx/once_more_into_the_breach_dear_friends/

Here to try this again...I first posted a while back.  Felt pretty good about things then.  I managed to make it nearly three weeks without a drink but then the inevitable happened: I had a weekend with absolutely nothing to do.  Stress and boredom being my two primary triggers I spent most of that weekend drunk.  It's too bad as I had done pretty well.  I was even designated driver for a friend's party in NYC.  Surrounded by alcohol all night yet I didn't have so much as a drop...It's been the usual struggle since then.  False start after false start.  I feel good and get pumped up about life.  I tell myself it will be different.  I count all the good things I have going for me and try not to lose sight of them.  But then the compulsion wins.  I lose my grip.  I take another dive in telling myself the entire time I shouldn't.  I can't make sense of it--I just do it knowing full well I will hate myself the next day...It all started due to extraordinary stress.  That's all behind me now.  I got through my divorce and saw my ex-wife have two children with another man.  I lived through criminal charges hanging over my head.  I've got a good job and an awesome girlfriend.  There's no reason for this other than habit.  The stress that occasionally sets me off isn't even really that bad.  Sometimes I wonder if stress is just my excuse to do what I want to do--that it's really nothing more than desire.  ..I feel trapped.  I've tried to stop so many times that I'm starting to wonder if I am ever going to be able to.  Why can't I just enjoy life?..Anyway I needed to rant.  Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I think if you found your pants your stress might go away. ;)..Welcome back to the fold.  How do you think this time will be different?  Discuss.
You say your two primary triggers are stress and boredom. Let's look at that. I really don't like the word trigger. It's almost like an excuse to drink. Sure stress and boredom are uncomfortable: but I feel stress and boredom lots and I don't drink over it...So really it's your REACTION to stress and boredom that's the problem...It seems like you're making excuses. We drink because we want to the end. The stories we tell about relapses are important but take some ownership dude. Stop blaming everything else...And yes you can stop drinking and stay stopped but I doubt you can do it alone. You didn't write about any supports you have or USED when you were feeling stressed and bored.
Your post reeks of a really familiar feeling for me. Like helplessness desperation and resignation all rolled into one-- but I can hear the hope in there too. Even though 3 out of the 4 things I just listed suck I have good news; they're the exact same ingredients I needed to quit...I think what I did was turned the tired feeling of resignation on its side and used it to my advantage. Instead of "giving up" and drinking I gave up in the opposite direction; I gave up on trying to continue drinking. A feeling of relief washed over me. I realized I had been putting up a huge fight to keep drinking despite how hard it was. I could give up that fight. I could be free of it. All I had to do was give in to sobriety...So give up! For the sake of your stress which you can handle better sober. For the sake of boredom even- because how are you ever going to learn to fill your time with something interesting if you pick up a drink whenever it happens? For the sake of your life which deserves a sober you. Give in surrender stop fighting. You can be free of all the bullshit all the hangovers all the internal debates and rationalizations. Jump in with both feet commit totally and cave to the temptation within you to never drink again.
Wow. I could have written this post this morning. Thanks for doing it for me.  I'm not really in a position to be giving advice right now so I'll just say good luck and hope to see ya around here.
