-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14a50n/i_do_not_struggle_with_alcohol_but_im_afraid_my/

I (21f) have been dating my boyfriend (22m) for 7 months now. I know it doesn't seem long but I love him. We live two hours away and only can see each other on weekends. When we started dating I didn't know he had a problem. Before we met he had been to in-patient treatment for alcoholism and anxiety. He stayed there for two months. He was still in out-patient treatment when we started dating which he lied and cheated through to graduate. ..I became aware of his problem when we had been dating for about a month. He was drinking excessively every night we would hang out. I didn't drink with him. Around two months I told him that he had to get his drinking under control or I was going to leave him. He said he would drink less it didn't happen. I didn't leave because I love him and I can't let go of the hope that he will quit drinking. I just want to help him...He keeps telling me that he is going to stop drinking and he never does. He makes me promises that he will only drink a few beers for the weekend but I show up and he's already wasted off liquor. He starts drinking as soon as he wakes up on weekends and passes out really early. It's so frustrating. I feel like he can't even be around me if he isn't drunk. His friends even tell me that I need to convince him to get help. ..The worst part is he gets so extremely sad when he's wasted. He says he wants to kill himself everyone hates him ect. It's really just a big pity party. I just have sit there and listen to him.  He always starts drama when we're out with friends and he tends to turn social events into disasters. If he's really wasted he'll start blaming me for his drinking saying I don't want him to stop drinking. He says I won't want to be with him if we can't drink together. I used to drink a lot to try to keep up with him but I don't anymore because I get really sick. So at this point he is just trying to think of excuses to keep drinking. In the process he is blaming and hurting me. .. I never get angry with him even though I fucking HATE his drinking. I want to scream at him but I don't. I know he has a severe problem. I can't even talk to him about it because he gets so defensive. I worry about him so much because I have no idea how much alcohol he is consuming during the week. He lives alone and due to drunken phone calls I receive I know he sits there and drinks by himself.  It's to the point where I feel like I should talk to his family members so they can help him. I just don't want him to resent me for doing that. I don't know what to do. I can't handle him anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

As much as I hate to say this because I'm on the receiving end of it now but you probably should walk away and set a hard boundary.  My wife all but begged me to stop and has for many years but I did not.  It wasn't until she put her foot down after I did some really bad stuff that I've finally considered myself at rock bottom.  I'm not saying give up on him because I don't believe in giving up on the ones we love but you do need to protect yourself.  Will putting your foot down and stepping away be his rock bottom?  Maybe who's to say.  Rock bottoms are different for everyone some hit the bottom so hard they die or kill someone else.  Some figure out they have problems all on their own without any major consequences (those folks make me jealous at times) In my case I have kids that I love more than air and I'm hopelessly in love with my wife and imaging not getting back to them some day is my worst nightmare my rock bottom - only death or incarceration would be worse to me...Good Luck - I'll not comment much on telling his family.  I don't feel comfortable going there but from what you describe they probably already know...Protect yourself and best wishes.
I was in a very similar situation when I was your age. I wish I would've walked away and saved myself years of pain and bullshit. Instead I stayed because I loved him and I believed him every time he said he would cut back or quit. He never did not for any substantial amount of time...If you decide to stay with him I highly recommend Al-Anon.
&gt;I can't handle him anymore...It isn't selfish to walk away. Try very hard to imagine someone you love telling you the same story you told us. What advice do you give them? Something in this situation needs to change. Do you think it is going to be him? Then it needs to be you. If he's going to keep drinking (and if he's progressively getting worse that will also continue) you need to either get okay with it or start preparing yourself to get gone...I know this seems a little blunt but as an alcoholic let me tell you that we are falling knives we are the anchor tossed overboard that is tied to your ankle we are the looming disaster. This 'pity party' talk is not just for him it's for you too. Because when you try to leave him he'll tell you that you're heartless because you know how depressed he his. He'll tell you he's going to kill himself. He won't change any of the real problems he'll make you the problem. This is abuse and this seriously happens all of the time. Go to an Al-anon meeting and ask for a show of hands of wives who have had threats of suicide leveled against their threats of leaving. Lose count...You love this guy because he is better than he gives himself credit for. And the good news is that there is hope there is a future where he can be sober! But the drive for sobriety has to come from an emotionally honest and real place from within him. It has to be a desire that won't change when he's alone or if he loses his job or whatever else might come along.
I wish I had some good advice for you but I'm in the same spot a few years later (I'm f/26 he's 27). We've known each other for over 5 years and as we got closer I learned about his past hard drug abuse problems. Honestly knowing that he's kicked heroin and speed (stayed clean for years) made me sort of let his heavy drinking slide for a long time because it COULD be so much worse...Now we live together basically our generation's version of an old married couple. Over the past few years as I've gotten sober long term relapsed and gotten sober again now I started to see that he doesn't just drink he abuses alcohol. The "pity party" you described is something I've experienced more times than I can count. As the years have gone by his blackouts have gotten more emotional to the point of self harm very serious suicide threats destroying our apartment and when I was drinking as hard as he was some violent and verbally abusive fights...Now I stay with him out of love of course but too much of that love is this motherly fear that if I leave he'll drink harder maybe go back to hard drugs and ultimately hurt (or even kill) himself. He's reiterated many times that he tries to drink less so I'll stay. If that's true I'm terrified of what might happen if I leave. Keeping his depression at bay and enforcing bare bones rules like one beer on most nights instead of the bottle of rum I know he'd prefer are a big part of why I stay. I imagine my life with him continuing on this downward slope where I lose the boy I fell in love with and only stay to be a caretaker to the man because he'll die otherwise. ..I guess I want you to know that love can survive so many ups and downs and a relationship like yours can become a somewhat more stable home life one day but don't let yourself get trapped into staying in a relationship because you're afraid of what he'll do if you need to take care of yourself first. You may be where I am in 5 years and I truly feel like I couldn't leave if I wanted to until he decides to get sober himself (which would probably make me want to stay but such is life). ..Don't give up on your love for this man but make it clear to him that you love him too much to see him abuse alcohol like this and with the most loving intentions it's important to you that he seek some sort of help if he wants to have a healthy relationship with you. As much as my love has trapped me in taking care of an alcoholic maybe your man's love for you will motivate him to take better care of himself. ..If you ever need to vent or talk about your frustrations please PM me and you'll have an empathetic ear but better than that seek out AlAnon and you'll have a lot of support and wiser advice than I can give.
