-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14ftlm/6_day_and_just_wanted_to_say/

It's great. ..I've been struggling with being a binge drinker for several years now (I'm 25) and have woken up on Monday morning probably 100+ times saying to myself "That's it I'm done with this. No more drinking to excess no more black outs no more anxiety through Sunday and paranoia on Monday" but I've never stuck to my word...This week I haven't touched a drink since last Saturday night and one my my biggest triggers is when it gets to the end of the week and my brain tells me it's cool to have a few beers or a glass of wine. Nah it's never cool it always gets messy. So I've got through Wednesday which is sometimes a problem and I've got through Thursday which is always a massive problem now I'm determined to get through tonight and tomorrow night and keep this focused happy head on me and not swap it back for the drunken messy head that I am known for. ..Keep it up everyone! Have a great Friday.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats and welcome!..If you're ever looking for a place to chat you should check out the irc chat room - quite a few people hang out in there...Awesome that you've made it through these first few days and are determined to make though the weekend!
Add in "today" to that mantra and you'll make it. .."That's it today. Im done with this today. No drinking to excesss today no blackout today  no more anxiety today no more paranoia today."..Wake up repeat. 
I can relate 100% with your post. Thinking through the craving/drink and it's negative effects is one of the best tools out there if you haven't tried it yet. Have a great weekend!
Nicely done!.
Nice work! The week mark is big - if you can get through one weekly cycle of days you can get through another. I've found that planning fun sober stuff in advance of Friday and Saturday nights helps to keep my mind off those weekend-reward thoughts.
It always gets messy. That's for fucking sure. Great reminder and props!
28 here.  Similar story.  Same 6 days.  Stopped into r/stopdrinking to put myself in the right mind space for a sober weekend...Let me know how it goes for you.  Good luck.
Today is an awesome idea. Its how I live. My brain can't fathem forever always needed one more drunk when I quit forever. Today I stay sober one day at a time. 
Great job! It's those habit days that are the big ones. Break those over and over and soon enough you've developed a new habit...Eventually you get to the point where the solution is too obvious to ignore. Congratulations on hitting that spot. Keep up the good work.
You can do it! If you need someone to talk to hit me up. I often hang out on r/stopdrinking on Friday &amp; Saturday nights. 
Hey man! Thanks for kicking ass! I just wanted to thank you on reminding me of the anxiety I felt before the weekend or during it. And by anxiety I mean that feeling I had in my gut that made me feel like I was being electrocuted that would just bubble up until I had a drink in my hand.
