-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14i1n3/born_and_raised_in_aa_and_i_have_an_idea_for_a/

Hi guys here's a quick backstory.  First ignore my name it's a pun between my friends and I.  Now here's what I would like to do.  I am a 21 year old male and my Mom is and has been a single-parent my entire life.  She is my inspiration for this book.  She is 23 years sober and she reminds me almost everyday I am her sober "miracle".  She was told she would never be able to have kids because of the amount of damage drugs/alcohol did to her body...So let it be 1991 and I am born.  My mom is about 2 years sober and here's a summary of the "father" situation.  My Mom gave my dad an ultimatum: Either he is going to be involved fully in my life as a dad or not at all.  He chose not to be involved at all and after 21 years I can finally accept his choice.  I still have never met him but perhaps one day I would like to.  But that's a complicated subject in itself...While I was a toddler my mom could not afford a babysitter for her meetings so she would bring me.  Luckily the people were very inviting and were always willing to help my mom and would let me be there for some of the meetings and as I got older I would usually play outside in the playgrounds or use my skateboard in the parking lot or walk around the church.  The meetings were generally held in churches so it was typically safe for me to walk around the yard or the building...It is because of the people who are trying to live sober that my choice in life has been to never drink or do drugs.  I am 21 years old and 21 years sober.  I owe it to the "Alcoholics" who have raised me in my mom's AA group to live sober as a "thank you" for the years of helping to raise me and in particular I owe it to my mom.  I am her miracle and she has sacrificed so much of her life for me to be happy and living this way could be one potential way of thanking her...So I would like to write a book about my life so far in AA and living sober and I hope that some teenagers/young adults struggling with addiction will read it and be inspired to change. I believe if just one person who reads it gets sober then writing the book was worth it.  So I ask you guys do you think it is a good idea to write?  ..One final note: I have attended every single anniversary my mom has spoken in and will continue to do so.  She always mentions the fact that I live sober and how proud she is of me in her "speech".
----------immediate responses--------

I think it would be an interesting read and hell if it *does* help one person it would be totally worth it right? Some people might find it hard to relate to someone with such a different experience but it sounds like you could present a new perspective. And god knows people in recovery love reading books!
Wow your Mom is definitely to be congratulated and it's awesome that you lead a sober life to honor her sacrifices. As for the book I might read it now but I doubt anyone that you think might be helped by it actually would. When I was actively drinking the only people I could even stomach listening to where others that had been where I was and told me about themselves. I had no time for normal drinkers who just wanted to help let alone - no offense to you - any milk toast who wanted to tell me about their awesome sober life. Everything they said may have been true but they just had no credibility with me. ..So I'd say write your book out of love for your Mom as a gift to her and a way to remember your youth when you get older. Just don't expect it to actually reach many of the people that might actually be helped by it unfortunately. This disease uses every possible barrier it can too stay alive in a person and cynasism is the strongest weapon it has. I just think that works against anyone who "hasn't been there".
Go for it! The worst thing to do is not to try. Let us hear of how everything came out. I'd like a copy for my daughter when she gets older.
I think you've answered your own question with your final note.  You believe in the power of telling one's story.  So do it.
Congrats to your mom!.This is great idea but im worried about one thing...Quick backstory:.I was a heavy drinker since i was 16. Now im 29. Last 3 years of my drinking was a 24/7 constant. I reached bottom over 3 years ago..Then i tried to control my drinking for my girlfriend and for all relatioship. We broke up 4 months ago and i quickly hit my face to the bottom again. I saw my demon and i understand my problem..I went to rehab center for month intensive therapy and now im over 100 days sober and recovering....so....to be honest story of someone that never had a problem with alcohol won't be interesting for me as a "guide to change"...Now i will be very interested in this just to know how it looks like for a guy like you...Best of luck!...EDIT: BUT... i think i would love stories that you have heard... but this is somehow AA secret so i dont really know what kind of stories would it be like... maybe about how someone has changed during the years.
OP- Do you drink? Or are you making a conscious decision not to because of your past situation? 
It sounds like you have a lot of experience and passion about this idea that would be helpful to others. I think you should go through with writing the book not just for whoever might read it but for yourself too.
I think its a great idea. Always keeping in mind the Anonymous part. When I speak at meetings I always end with "If what I've shared tonight helps one person stay sober for one day then I've done my job." Someone did it for me. Your one special kid. 
This is a great thing for me to see.  I'm a single Dad and my daughter has been going to meetings since she was a baby (She's 10 now).  Hope her future is as positive as yours.
It's a good story and you should write it. But write it for yourself. And don't write it to make others sober write it because you have a story to tell. The more authentic you are and the deeper you dig in recollecting your experiences the more meaningful what you write will be and the more people will want to read it. I wish you all the best you're a good guy. 
I can really relate with the family history (my mother joined the good rooms about 26-25 years ago and hasen't looked back). Furthermore I think your unique situation would make for a great book detailing growing up in such a unique environment. (think a sober version of the Tender Bar) However writing a book about "being in AA" and sober without actually being an Alcoholic is like writing a restaurant review based upon a whiff of the kitchen. ..Your situation is so totally foreign its almost Nancy Reagan. I hope I didn't come off abrasive as I really do admire your decision to live your life in a way to make your mom happy.  Honestly given the genetic predisposition of this stuff you're probably playing with loaded dice anyways. 
