-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14ibu9/after_going_90_days_i_relapsed_im_currently_back/

Throwaway account never been to this subreddit before don't know why...Tonight is the first time i'm putting myself in a situation where I will be completely surrounded by booze and I cant get out of it as it's my wifes birthday.  I havent had many thoughts about alcohol this time around I had a sort of spiritual awakening (not god really just some kind of positive influence).  I really think I'll be okay tonight but my wife is worried which makes me worried.  I know what I'd be givinh up if I drank and a meeting would be nice but i just dont have the ability to get to one tonight...I dont know if I'm looking for advice or just getting this off my chest but thanks for reading..TL;DR formerly sober relapsed sober again.  Going out for the first time.  Wife is worried
----------immediate responses--------

It has worked for me - keep a carbonated drink in your hands at all time.  This keeps your hands busy and also keeps someone from handing you one.  That is about the only advice I have other than remember where drinking takes you and hold your wife close because she might not be there the next time you try and get sober.
Stay strong. making sure your drink is alcohol free is a good idea keep your soda in your hand. Don't take one from anyone else. Make sure you know whats in it. Feel blessed that you still have a wife to lean on lost my first one cause of this disease.
It sounds like you're planning to be weak. STAHP. Plan to be strong. Before you get busy getting ready to go out sit down and just think about what you've accomplished over the last few weeks the peace of mind that you've earned. Maybe even write down a few things and stick the note in your pocket for tonight...Then sit down with your wife and give HER some piece of mind. You have no room for "I'll try to be strong. Well I hope so. I'll give it my best". Take a stand. Tell your wife this is your present to her - she does not have to worry about you tonight. Not at all. And not only that you're going to enjoy yourself. It's her night and you'll do whatever you need to stay strong and keep it about her...Then you do this: if you feel tempted come here and post. Or walk outside go to the bathroom check out a couple minutes of a football game get into another conversation whatever. Don't just sit with that feeling of temptation change something - anything - and rock on. ..It's only a night. If you want to chuck everything in the morning that's a decision you can make then. Just don't do it tonight. You got this.
feetoarm's idea is a good one.  Keep your hands busy thirst slaked through other means and stay strong!
Sounds like your wife is very supportive so stay strong and make her (and you) proud. Consider it part of your present to her.
Re earning trust? Stay cool you can do this.
Give your wife a hammer for her birthday. Tell her you want to stay alcohol free whatever it takes...
How did it go?
