-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14l8yh/best_3_week_present_ever_i_think/

Today's been 3 weeks for me which I'm proud of but it's not as big of a deal as 30 days will be (personally). I guess I got a present though because my man (whose problem drinking I've talked about here before) told me he realized that he *thought* he was doing better but is actually at his worst. He finally had that moment when he lost his desire to drink and asked to go to a mofuckin MEETING with me. WAT...Needless to say I'm trying not to trip all over myself 12th stepping him. I'm starting this from the beginning too and I all I want to be is supportive here to talk him down in moments of temptation. I know what I need from him so I know what I should try to be FOR him. The thing is I should be a LOT happier about this than I am...His drinking has been my "way out" of this relationship that has had a lot of incompatibility issues from the start. I've never felt like I was meant to be with him but I love him dearly and have worked hard to at least give someone I care about so deeply a fair chance (living together for a year now). Short story: He's my best friend I'd go crazy without him never wanted to date though. He told me it's monogamy or I never see him again because he loves me so much so a year and half later here I am. My emergency exit for when I finally couldn't take the lack of chemistry or his obnoxious behavior or whatever anymore was his drinking. His raging alcoholism and my sobriety seemed like the only legitimate excuse I'll ever have to end a relationship with someone who means so much to me. ..I basically feel like an incredibly shitty person because since I got sober the first time years ago and realized what it can do for your life I've wanted him to get sober too. He needs it and now he FINALLY wants it. I'm 100% all about it I feel like staying sober as a good example is even more important now but I can't shake this feeling like the threats he's always used to keep me around and monogamous that he'd hurt himself or start shooting up again that he'd drink himself to death are going to turn into "I'll throw away my (sober months) if you leave." ..I feel insanely selfish either way. If I end it now I don't think he'll get deep enough into sobriety to see how much he needs it. If I keep sticking it out I might cause a horrible relapse. The idea that I'll fall deeper in love as we get sober together is a nice fantasy but it's clearer and clearer with each passing day that I have been drinking myself through every day of this relationship because I don't want to be in it...Thanks for letting me get this off my chest it's been weighing heavy on me all day.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey SluttyStonersAnon. I'm glad you got this out. You don't need this kind of stuff bottled up...As you probably know better than most of us recovery is tremendously stressful on relationships. Emotions run high and changes happen so quickly that it's difficult to know yourself much less evaluate an ever changing scenario with an SO...If your boyfriend sticks with recovery be aware that he might start having the same thoughts about you that you're having about him right now. My wife and I got sober together and one of the things we currently work on is figuring out just how compatible we really are and where. We certainly wouldn't be the first couple to get married drunk sober up then decide they dont' like each other that much...If he decides he doesn't want recovery or decides he wants to hold you hostage with his journey just remind yourself that his recovery is not your responsibility. If it takes going to al-anon meetings on top of AA get that ingrained in your mind. Stick around for now but keep your recovery your first priority. Given how messed up things were just three weeks ago (locked in your room if I remember) I think it's pretty amazing how well you've done. The fact that your boyfriend wants to go to a meeting shows just what a great example you are a living big book. Good for you. Be proud of yourself...edit: wrong number of weeks
&gt;His raging alcoholism and my sobriety seemed like the only legitimate excuse I'll ever have to end a relationship with someone who means so much to me...I think you have another more valid excuse (that you never need to share with anyone). It's that you were already walking around with an "out" in your head. As someone who did that for years I know of which I speak. I was in a similar situation got sober he didn't until he did. So instead of losing 2 years of my life to him I lost 5.  ..It sounds like you know what has to happen. It's a terrible difficult situation followed by lots of uncomfortable shitty discussions. I wish you all the luck in the world. PM me if you want to talk more about it. I'm always around. 
I got divorced in my 5 th year.  It was hard short version I was not capable of choosing someone healthy for me when I was active.  The trick for now is to stay in the moment.  More will be revealed when you are ready for it.
