-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14u02a/feeling_pretty_damn_proud/

My mom and I haven't been close since I was in my late teens/early 20s. She's become increasingly more negative and pessimistic standoffish even. It really weighs on me to get into conflicts with her so I just avoid her. I don't ever really talk to her unless she initiates conversation and I rarely see her unless it's at a family holiday/birthday get-together. It's just very difficult to communicate with her without things turning sour. Consequently I don't share any of my personal feelings or struggles. It sucks but that's how it is.  ..She remembered that I have a final tomorrow and texted me to ask about that. She wished me luck and when I replied to thank her I casually added "BTW I have decided to stop drinking. I think it'll be good for me." She responded asking me how much I've been drinking but also saying good for me. I merely said that all that matters is I'm not drinking anymore. She told me to not be afraid to seek help if I need it and I told her I was going to start attending meetings and that I had an online support group (you guys).  ..I can't remember the last time she told me "great job" or "I'm proud of you" or anything like that. But damn it felt good to have her say "Good for you." That's good enough for me.  ..So now my parents both know most of my close friends know and you guys know. Having such intense accountability is going to be one of my best defenses against the inevitable cravings I'm going to have to keep fighting off. I really am thankful to have found this subreddit...there is so much motivation to be drawn not only from the wonderful success stories but from the bitter accounts of relapse small failure and momentary relapse - and the subsequent perseverance of those who shamelessly dust themselves off and start again at day 1.  ..I am glad that I am here - on this path I've chosen in this community and generally just alive. Things honestly do suck for me right now but it would be a lot more horrible if I were still drinking. I'm looking forward to observing the difference that my first conscious extended period of sobriety makes in my life. And I've been through enough ups and downs to understand that the cyclical nature of everything in life should be carrying me upward pretty soon.  ..Thanks for taking the time to read. You guys are like my virtual AA.
----------immediate responses--------

This is awesome thanks for posting.  I think you're a great addition to this community.
Thanks for sharing!.."Things honestly do suck for me right now but it would be a lot more horrible if I were still drinking." ..I have this thought all the time. Sober life isn't awesome all the time. IT'S LIFE! But whenever things go wrong I can always remember that they would be worse if I was drinking.
Yay this is awesome. It's super scary to have those people to be be accountable too but it's kind of awesome too. Your mom is proud of you and that's great. Congratulations on a week and a big number 1 in your circle!!
Good for you. Lots of support will help. AA saved my sorry drunkin butt. Best of luck One Day At A Time!!!
Now that your finals are over I would suggest finding time for real time AA.  This is good but it lacks eye contact hugs and applause.
