-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/14x4mf/finally_took_the_plunge/

I'm 4 days clean and sober the second longest I have been since I first started drinking around five years ago. I've been attending meetings and focusing on this board a ton. I thought I would pop in a post to keep active in a few communities in this struggle. I live alone so that has been somewhat challenging but otherwise I've been pretty positive. I've been somewhat sluggish too. I'm not grocery shopping or eating much. I assume that this too will pass. Thank you all for this wonderful community and the support you provide. I imagine it will be invaluable in my time to come...Much love
----------immediate responses--------

Attending meetings and staying sober. What a great way to start! AA saved my life. Grateful for every moment. Love to hear from new members. Hope your program gives you all its given me.
It will pass. The first five days I was sober this time my entire body ached. I have arthritis at 26 lucky me and I think the booze was masking my pain. I laid in bed for five days. But I'm up now and trying to do yoga every day. Keeping myself busy in both mind and body are helping enormously. Also the IRC chat here has been invaluable. Hope you are doing well come talk to us if you need something! You got this!
Getting to as many meetings as you can will help the time pass and will limit your time alone which can be dangerous.
Congratulations. This sub has been a great help to me. I also live alone so it's great to have these posts pop up while I'm otherwise just lurking the front page. Helps keep me mindful that I'm not as alone as I usually feel. Keep up the good work.
This is a great place for reinforcement and support. Congratulations on 4 days! It does get easier with time. Be patient with yourself through this process; it can take a fair bit of time to clear the fog but it's worth it.
Welcome aboard (get a badge!) totally normal what you describe. Wrap yourself in cotton wool for the next little while or so..Keep us posted 
You may live alone but you have plenty of support from this great community...Congrats on the 4 days!.
Thanks for all the support guys. I just finished up day 6 and it was hard. I'm moderately irritable and anxious (constantly chomping at the finger nails and what not). I haven't missed a day of meetings. I cycle from extreme optimism to utter despair. It's nice to have some time between alcohol and me. I'm not going to give up. Once again thank you for the support. It means a lot.
