-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/150ans/54_days_in_and_i_feel_like_im_heading_for_a/

My sobriety was precipitated by a horrible breakup. Or a traumatizing heartbreak rather. I've been hung up on this girl for the past 4 1/2 months and I've been sober for the last 54 days. I'm also dealing with crippling depression and the meds I'm on don't seem to be working at all. I call the triumvirate of the heartbreak the sobriety and the depression 'The Three Headed Monster'. I'm feeling really overwhelmed by my three headed monster. I'm in an Intensive Outpatient Program where I spend 3 hours a night in group therapy with other addicts/alcoholics that doesn't leave much time for AA meetings and even if I wanted to go I'm really skeptical about AA for the same reason a lot of atheists/agonostics here are. I'm aware that there are agnostic AA Meetings but also it seems very rigid and inflexible. The three heads of the monster are all part of the same problem and they feed in to each other and make each other more difficult. When I first got sober I was doing a lot; cleaning my apartment hanging out with friends saving money. Lately the depression has taken over and I find myself spending most of my free time in bed. I'm still sober but it's not something I'm enjoying; I'm really white knuckling my way through it. When I'm lying prostrate in bed I ruminate over my ex and these really vivid memories torment me. I feel like I'm slipping back in to old habits; old ways of thinking and old behaviors. Every bad old habit except for drinking and that doesn't feel that far off on the trajectory that I'm currently on. I'm starting therapy tomorrow but it feels like that will be too little too late at this point. I feel like I'm at the end of my rope and I've been toying with suicidal ideation. I don't really have a question just wanted to put this all out there. I want to get back the momentum I had in the beginning before it's too late but I feel totally powerless over my inertia. Please offer some words of encouragement I really need it
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there - therapy really helped me when I was coping with depression and some of the other things you've mentioned and it worked for me after years of denial.  Today might suck but tomorrow will be something new.
wow. this sounds eerily like my experience. When I first stopped drinking I lost my job and my long-term relationship (unrelated causes) within weeks of my quitting. Crippling depression? Yes. absolutely. Your body and brain chemistry are going through many changes it is so hard but give it some more time it will get better. I am definitely not an AA person though I get that it does help others. Have you read the book by Allen Carr (over to the right side of the page here) It is really good and gives a really great perspective I think (just to have another resource). ..Also give yourself kudos for posting in here instead of taking yourself to the store for booze. I cannot tell you how much the people in here helped me--and when I first quit I was in here every day crying for help. My post may do nothing for you but there are so many amazing people in here that are so willing to help and are so wise and offer great advice. Keep posting in here every time you feel like drinking and please hang in there and keep trying things until something resonates with you. (I'm still doing this!) I can promise it does get better--and I would've NEVER believed it.
Why not just give AA a shot?  Lots of people there along with some atheists and agnostics who've dealt with heartbreak depression and sobering up.  Let other people define what their higher power is for them.  All that really matters is that whatever they have faith in it works for them.  So what if you don't believe in an all-controlling sky wizard?  All those sober people must be doing something to get and stay clean then right?  Why not go really find out what they're doing?  It's certainly not going to hurt.  Just take what you like and leave the rest.
C'mon buddy. If we can do it you can do it.  ..1) Remember that suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.  ..2) There's no such thing as "too little too late"...3) I'm staunch atheist and I've been to 6 meetings in the last week. Yes sometimes you will meet someone who goes on a bit about Jesus but if it keeps him sober who am I to judge?  .    All they ask is that you keep an open mind on spiritual matters and admit that you don't know everything there is to know. And I don't. Call it Love call it God call it Shiva or Thor or the Flying Spaghetti Monster. I just call it "The Force" or "Positive Energy of the Universe". And when I call upon it for strength I get strength. It might be a self-delusion but if it keeps a glass out of my hand I'm happy. It's not a room full of bible-thumping God-Squad people it's a room full of alcoholics...Just hit a damn meeting will you? If it doesn't work so be it but at least you can say that you gave the single most effective method anyone has ever devised to ensure sobriety an honest try.
[deleted]
In AA anything can be your higher power -even this sub-reddit!  .I could not do it myself.  I stayed in AA and never bought God.  .For a while I distanced myself over it now I shrug it off..What you are experiencing is the realization that alcohol was just a symptom of your problems.  The steps and you can minimize the god stuff are a good tool for getting a handle on the underlying angst..There are other tools.  Reaching out here is one of them..Keep fighting.
