-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1571jl/at_least_six_months_sober_what_is_your_personal/

I struggle daily with my alcoholism and consider myself damn lucky that my life is as good as it is. But I'm also not kidding myself about where I'm going to wind up if I continue on the current path. I've done a lots of meetings and reading and soul-searching and meditation and online stuff but I'm curious: ..If you've racked up at least six months sober what's your personal program? What's working out for you?..Thanks for weighing in....
----------immediate responses--------

I read /r/stopdrinking every day &amp; have read all of the archives.  I try to find things that work for me &amp; put those things into action.  I try to help others find their way.  I haven't been to AA but I've done a lot of the "step-work" on my own to some extent.  I think it's important.  ..I don't think alcoholism is about the alcohol. I think it's a flawed thought process. Sure there's a physical addiction and that's definitely about the alcohol.  But it's easy to lose a physical addiction - just lock a person in a room for a few weeks &amp; it'll be gone. What you're left with is a mental obsession. A flawed thought process. The desire to throw your hands up &amp; say "fuck it" while you take that little break from reality. That's the long-term problem.  I try to focus on that...I look for ways to change that thought process.  This includes learning to deal with unpleasant emotions in a healthy way rather than running from them. Unpleasant emotions are normal. They're usually a sign that something is wrong. I try to figure out what that something is and tackle it head-on...Regret is a killer. I've learned to let it go. I either fix the things I'm regretful over or I learn to accept them.  There's no other way.  Left unchecked regret will fester &amp; will eventually envelop your whole life.  ..Exercise helps. A lot. It's a healthy way to deal with frustration &amp; anxiety. When you exercise your body releases some of the same endorphins that it releases when you drink alcohol.  I have a crackpot theory that a lot of the unhappiness in the world today is caused by people not getting enough exercise.  I think that our bodies have a biological need for that endorphin release.  And when we don't get it we start turning to drugs &amp; other unhealthy behaviours to get our fix...Caffeine makes me anxious. When I'm anxious I want to drink alcohol. So I don't drink caffeine.  Avoid the trigger avoid the craving...I don't want to drink alcohol. I don't sit around missing it or wishing I could have "just one."  What I'm trying to say here is a bit hard to explain.  Think of it like this:  Back when I was 17 years old I'd never tried alcohol. I'd never taken a drink and I never longed to take a drink.  I think it's possible to get back into that mindset. You weren't born liking alcohol you learned to like it.  You can learn to unlike it too...I feel like I'm just throwing random things out there.  It's a hard question to answer because no one really knows *exactly* what they did along the way. And what works for one person may not work for another. Plus a lot of it comes down to effort.  I can say "Hey you let go of regret!"  One person might come back the next day &amp; say "Done!"  Another person might come back in a few months &amp; say "I'm still struggling to let it go."  Who's on the better path there?  I have no way of knowing.  Kicking this problem takes brutal honesty.  You've gotta be honest with yourself.  You've got to be willing to not cut corners.  You've got to *want* to fix things...That's why people always say "Join AA work the steps."  They're not saying it because they think the 12 steps are themselves the answer what they mean is "I followed this general framework and along the way I found what I needed to find. If you're serious about it maybe you can find it too."..Meh... I've rambled on long enough.  
Well I'm almost at 6 months.  Not a single AA meeting or anything and I am constantly around alcoholics and booze.  Constantly...I wanted to quit.  ..Did it and I'm happy with it so I'm sticking with it.  Sure I'd like a drink now and then but nah...EDIT:  Read some medical scares on [r/cripplingalcoholism](http://www.reddit.com/r/cripplingalcoholism).  Read about a 32 yr old with end stage cirrhosis looking for a liver or else he'll die.  That helped make it real for me.
The personal program for me involved getting a sponsor communicating with my sponsor and going to AA meetings to not feel so alone and maybe get inspired (although not all meetings are like that)....Also I found that being honest with my friends and acquaintances about my alcoholism is a good way to sort of train myself into acceptance.  What I mean by that is if you are not drinking tell your friends.  Tell your family.  Say to someone who is not in AA "I am an alcoholic therefore I do not drink alcohol."  It might sound weird and it might make them feel kind of weird but the first step to recovery (both in AA and I think in general) is accepting your situation.  You can build from there only when you've decided to be totally honest with yourself....tl;dr get a sponsor be honest with yourself be honest with other people
I was a heavy drinker for at least 20 of my 25-year career.  I stopped at 39 when my wife told me she was going to leave and take the kids if I didn't quit.  Something about this sank in for me.  Until then it was normal for her to go along with my charade that my hangovers were simply a result of not having gotten enough sleep.  She also didn't actually know how much I was really drinking because I did a lot of it in secret...So when she sat me down and talked to me that honestly this really sank in.  I didn't try to argue or defend myself.  I just said "Yeah you're right" about a hundred times.  I probably cried because back then I always cried...And I just decided to stop.  I realized that I was never going to be able to control my drinking.  I made some kind of mental leap that up until that moment I had never been able to make...Of course many was the time I had said I would quit and didn't.  But I never had said this out loud or promised another person...I cobbled together my first 400+ days of sobriety on my own.  I don't recommend this to anyone but it was what I needed to do.  I used a version of cognitive behavioral therapy on myself plus some philosophy plus some old-fashioned self-honesty.  I think that my years of therapy and study of Zen Buddhism while never enough to get me to quit had laid the groundwork for the self-awareness I needed to make it through day by day...There were days I felt I was white-knuckling it.  There were days I felt freaked out and scared and lonely.  Again I don't really recommend this method to anybody.  ..I discovered this subreddit after I had been sober well over a year.  At that time there were only a couple hundred members at most maybe even less.  I became a moderator shortly after joining because I had a relatively large amount of sober time.  Since then we have welcomed members with many thousands of days of sobriety. I think this is fantastic...For the next year or so I stuck to this subreddit as my main means of support.  I took great comfort in reaching out to other members who needed it.  People talked me through a few rough patches too...On the second anniversary of being sober I decided to conquer my fear of AA by going to a meeting.  It was a good experience.  Not great not stellar but definitely reaffirming.  I found to my pleasant surprise that as a result of coming here I already knew many of the bits of wisdom that people shared at the meeting and the things I had to say which were a result of my membership here were welcomed by long-time AAers as being valid and helpful.  That too was reaffirming because it means the work we are doing here is real sobriety work not just a bunch of internet chit-chat...I go to meetings sporadically.  I regard them as another tool in my arsenal. I spend a lot of time here and in our IRC chat room.  I wake up every day and remind myself to think of three things I am grateful for.  I lay in bed sometimes and try to imagine what the hell a Higher Power is and I have learned that even if you don't believe in a Higher Power making room for one in your life anyway is a tremendously helpful exercise.  ..Most of all I wake up happy every morning that I am not hung over.  Every day I find many reasons to be grateful that I am not still drinking.
Quitting for a year and then drinking for two years after that was the precursor that made the catalyst of SD so effective I think. There was the hope of remembering what it was like being dry for a year and then the proof of my misery in drinking after that. It couldn't get much clearer to me that I definitely wanted to stop it was just the stopping itself that was challenging...That's where SD came in. I finally got desperate enough to post on SD and the encouragement from people here made me think "Why am I doing this to myself? I know how to fix this problem. All I have to do is stop."..I guess it was the realization that drinking was harder for me than not drinking...Since then I've just stayed positive and worked at it every day. I come on SD for reinforcement. I take challenges head-on. Last time I quit I was still pretty miserable because I had it in my head that I couldn't do certain things if I was sober (like go to parties and such). This time around I'm not letting alcohol control me. I'll do what I want and I'll do it whether there's alcohol there or not. This is my life and I'm grabbing it by the balls. Alcohol doesn't get a "say"...I've accomplished more in the past 8 months than I had in 10 years (of drinking). The change is both positive and dramatic. It's never been clearer to me that if I want to be happy I have to stay off the sauce...I wanted it bad but I didn't even realize until I posted. It was like I had all the fuel built up over years of misery and I needed the hope-filled spark of SD to get started.
I kinda subscribe to the idea that if you can stay sober for a day you know as much as you need to stay sober another day. But all the hours of meetings and meditation and personal development spent over the past weeks or months pretty much has no bearing on whether I drink today and that's probably the most important thing to my recovery: taking action today. Practically that includes a lot of the stuff others have already mentioned here.
Stay honest stay open and be willing to do anything...I exercise daily help others daily laugh daily. I read two daily meditation books for people in recovery I read the Big Book and I moderate here...I take things as they come. I aim to accept myself for who I am. I see life as a process a series of moments that I consciously string together to form a story which is my life. I may not control the outside world but I sure as heck influence how I react to it...Change your attitude on everything. 
I went to AA because that's what I thought you were supposed to do. It's complicated: I was crazy. They were very good to me got me going in the right direction gave me the language and the tools and eventually got me through the 12 steps which were a very big deal. They taught me to grow up...I went to a therapist for about 3 years drunk. I've been about one year sober. It works a lot better when you're not drunk...I discovered SD a few months in. Ambivalent_Fanatic is not kidding when he says that the work we do here is real recovery work. Between daily AA meetings and daily time reading and discussing here I feel like I've received years worth of wisdom in only a very short time. I don't know how much of a toolkit I would have right now without that sort of immersion in recovery but I know that it's vastly improved by having both of these resources. ..Zen Buddhism is a big part of my program. Meditation has given me an amazing buffer between emotions and reactions and the things I've learned about compassion community right thought and right action all beautifully reenforce my 12 step lessons. I have friends at the Zen center I attend and I feel completely comfortable being open about my alcoholism there. ..In general when I'm not reading something related to what I hear in AA I'm reading some sort of Buddhist or other spiritual book. I listen to AA speaker tapes and to Buddhist Dharma talks. Both can be found aplenty online for free...Buddhism was where this particular lapsed Catholic ended up but I think that in general a spiritual framework is very useful for providing mental and emotional support strength patience as well as a less egocentric understanding of the life...For what it's worth my experience with recovery is that I'm always doing lots of meetings and reading and searching and meditation. Essentially my program is to never be outside of my program. Everything is a chance to practice if you view it as such...edit: received wisdom not gotten. I ain't got it I just been hearing it.
Plan is very simple to rebuild my own life just as it was (idealistically) planned in my early teenage years: mathematics computer programming do whatever worth and interesting in life!
I went to at least one AA meeting a day for 6 months.At the weekend I did 6 meetings because I didn't work at the weekends and I was terrified of being alone because I knew I would drink. After about 6 months and well over 200 meetings I came home to find a bottle of wine in my groceries. I couldn't remember buying it. Quick as a flash I unscrewed the top and poured it into a pint glass and raised it to my lips. That's how I always used to start my drinking sessions - a pint of white wine gulped down just for starters...I couldn't believe it. Everyone at AA had said "just keep coming back it gets better". But it didn't get better if anything it had got worse. How could a pint of wine just materialize in my hand after I'd been to all those meetings?  What had I done wrong? I'd done what everyone had said - I'd forced my way through every just not having the first drink. Even after going to over 200 AA meetings I genuinely thought that everybody in AA was white knuckling it holding on for grim death just like me - just not having the first drink. It was an absolute nightmare...I went to an AA meeting that night something stopped me from drinking the wine instead I poured it down the drain. I heard a guy at that meeting tell my story but he was 6 years sober and he didn't seem to have the obsession with drink that I had. From what I could tell the only thing he'd done that I hadn't was get a sponsor and ask his sponsor to explain the 12 steps and help him do them. Then the penny dropped. I was trying to do it on my own and it wasn't working...For some reason I knew that I could trust this guy and I asked him to be my sponsor right there and then after the meeting. It was one of the hardest things I've every done in my life. Me admitting that I needed help whilst I was sober was really really hard. He said it'd be a pleasure. He took me through the 12 steps in his own time outside the meetings I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe how patient he was. What the hell was he doing wasting his time with me?..After step 5 I felt a physical weight leave my shoulders it was unbelievable - it gave me the incentive to carry on and do a load of stuff I didn't believe in particularly step 7. When I was part way through step 9 the desire to drink just left me and it hasn't come back since. That was 2 and a half years ago and I haven't had to "Just get through the day without having a drink" since because the thought of having a drink doesn't even occur to me now. Life is so easy and very enjoyable when you don't have that nagging feeling about having a drink all the time..I haven't come back from the grocery shop with wine since then. Quite often I see half bottles of beer or vodka left in the street and I just walk on by. I'm not a religious person but what happened to me is nothing short of a modern day miracle. For 23 years I drank alcoholically. When I was drinking I just wanted more and more and more and when I wasn't drinking it was like someone was winding up a great big spring inside me - eventually I would just snap and have to have another drink. That doesn't happen any more and I'm certain it won't come back just as long as I continue to follow a few simple rules rules that have got absolutely nothing to do with drinking and absolutely nothing to do with 'just staying away from the first drink'. If I could just stay away from the first drink I wouldn't have a problem. ..The 12 steps is my program I wake up with a plan everyday. I usually end up on plan B or even plan C by lunchtime though but that doesn't bother me these days as I'm not too big to ask for help or admit when I'm wrong. These days I sponsor men just like my sponsor sponsored me and now I know he wasn't wasting his time with me quite the opposite. ..TLDR; My personal program is the 12-Steps. I stopped drinking and went to AA meetings but that wasn't enough. I had to work through steps 1 - 9 with someone who had already recovered from alcoholism before the obsession to drink to left me. And what's more I believe that as long as a practice steps 10 - 12 at least in some part every day that obsession won't come back...Good luck..
