-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15cocd/60_days_and_just_got_out_of_treatment/

Posted before I went into treatment for 28 days and here's my post-treatment update!..Learned a lot there and since it was a small group (8 to start and dropped down to 6 within the first week) there was lots of personal attention and close relationships with everyone there...I don't feel amazing yet unfortunately (though I don't know if I really expected a magic wand to be waved and *poof* no more problems) but I am definitely more self-aware and more involved in sober activities...Main things that I took away from the programming:..Coping mechanisms:..I've been dealing with things the wrong way for a long time - I've known this but I never realized just how damaging it was to me. Detaching myself from situations taking care of other people exclusively rather than taking care of myself etc. A lot of these things are good on one level but like anything else can be done to excess...Relapse Prevention:..I was always so confused when a relapse would seem to come out of nowhere. Super happy one day then antsy the shit-faced - boom. Turns out relapses start ages before you actually take that first drink or snort that first line. I didn't realize this and now am a lot more aware of my personal signs that I'm in relapse mode...Communication:..No I don't always have to be happy. I don't always have to plaster a smile on my face or run away from conflict. Talking my shit out when I have disagreements with people or even getting out of the habit of saying that "I'm fine" when really I'm dying inside. Help is hard to ask for but once you start you really can't stop. And that's not a bad thing. I don't have to pretend that everything is oh-so-perfect all the time...There's lots more but am on my way to an AA christmas party. I like that I won't have to look very hard to find a sober ride home :) I didn't get online much during my time in treatment but this sub helped me big time getting through my first 30 days leading up to treatment and I am so happy to have it to come back to...Thanks everyone and have a safe sober Christmas!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. I was really happy to read your post showed a lot of awareness and willingness two very important elements in my sobriety. Enjoy your party and please stay doing what your doing. Alcoholism / drug addiction is the only disease that kills you in front of our own eyes and its by shear Grace we ( I ) are offered a way out. 
Welcome back notwantedonthevoyage!
Great to hear you got something out of treatment!  Congrats on all of your effort and 60 days!
