-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15g2q2/four_months_down_the_drain/

I was referred here by a fellow redditor...A little backstory: I was an alcoholic for many years. A high-functioning one until the withdrawals started kicking in. I sought help kicked it relapsed kicked it relapsed and finally was four months sober. At my worst I was drinking a fifth of rum a night. The doctor told me I was going to die if I kept up with my lifestyle...Until yesterday. Christmas is always the worst time for me. You look at the achievements of your cousins or siblings and wonder where you went wrong. So as soon as I got home from my family gathering I bought myself a bottle and proceeded to just get completely smashed. And my roommates come home and try to pour my bottle down the sink. I get it. I shouldn't be drinking but you're not my parent. So I decided to talk a little shit because she was stoned and drunk off her ass and then I went to bed...It gets lonely. I'm seeing a few girls but there are so many things I miss about being in a relationship and living with someone. I don't really have a support system. My ex left me for my best friend in May and since then I haven't had anything that meaningful. The whole time I was at my family gathering everyone was trying to get me to drink...I'm regretting it. I'm never the person I want to be when I'm drunk. I always imagine myself as the person I was when I used to drink eight years ago. I'm the opposite of that now. I'm miserable I'm depressing and I'm not pleasant to be around...I suppose it's just therapeutic for me to talk about here. I'm not sure what advice someone could give me. I've struggled with substance and alcohol abuse for many years. And I felt like I had it under control but fuck it I blew an easy one. There's so much guilt in my heart now. ..EDIT: I wanted to add this because I want to be truthful as hell. I'm also struggling with opiates. I've been taking something around 5 or 6 7.5/750mg vicodin a day for the last two months because of my back because of the work I do. I'm terrified of the withdrawals. I've kicked benzo withdrawals alcohol withdrawals and fuck now opiate withdrawals? I really need to get my shit together.
----------immediate responses--------

The best advice I can think of is to get back on the horse and let this be a short blip on your journey.  Get a counter.  Keep coming back to this subreddit.  Don't drink today or tomorrow and then go from there.  Maybe hit up an AA meeting.  Internet hug?
You know you can do it...You know that drinking does not work for you...Tomorrow you start again and stay away from those who are trying to get you to poison your soul...  Maybe seek help as it is much harder alone
I'm glad you posted tonight and I understand how you feel. The important thing to remember is that what's done is done and you can't change that. However you can make the decision to not continue with this relapse. Try not to let the guilt get the better of you you're not alone with those feelings tonight. Tomorrow is a new day and if you can refrain from drinking after today you're not going to have to struggle through a protracted withdrawal again. Dust yourself off and carry on with the life you want to have you'll be even stronger this time. 
Some how if you are still drinking the statement " I kicked it" seems to be false. You never kick it you just learn to deal with it one day at a time. Ever try AA? Works for me one day at a time.  Turned my lonely regret filled miserable life into a life of freedom and happiness. 
Not down the drain. ..Now you know how to stay sober for 4 months. ..Your next goal is to learn how to stay sober for 5 months and see if you can push it further. You don't lose your sober time you learn how to build on it...Keep talking keep sharing keep quitting.
Forget about tomorrow - don't drink today...Christmas can be a hard time for anyone so don't beat yourself up.  Plus you were around people who were actively trying to get you to drink...  The good news?  You didn't drink while you were there!
Don't be too hard on yourself.  You didn't blow anything.  You are just learning what sobriety is about...I was a daily opiate/alcohol user for 5/20 years respectively.  I tried quitting just the drinking and I tried tapering opiates.  I tried therapy and exercise and willpower and a daily affirmation.  ..And then I just fuckin' went to rehab.  I wanted to do it on my own and couldn't.  You may be able to do it on your own and if you can awesome.  But don't think it's weakness or a failure to get help from others.  ..And AA saved my ass mainly because it's a place full of other people with similar struggles who are working on staying sober every day.  If there was some real alternative maybe I'd look into that too.  But AA is the best thing going where I'm at.  The religion talk and whatever is secondary to the support.  ..So good luck brother.  Keep trying.  You are worth it regardless of how it feels sometimes..
I suggest giving both AA and NA a shot better - a fair trial.  You can do either or both concurrently one doesn't rule out the other.  Between the two you have a better chance of finding the answers and methods that work for you - then stick with them. As to the God stuff you will make up your own mind.  I became agnostic in and due to AA (walked in the door or more truly dragged in the door an ostensible Catholic). AA officially doesn't care what you believe in as long as it works for you. My 'Higher Power' became the shared groups cumulative experiences strengths and hopes - has been working for me for quite a while now.  Come on in the water is fine - and so is the life you recover.. 
your opiate withdrawals won't be bad if you even get any withdrawals at all from the use you described
Get yourself to an AA mtg  this morning so you'll have that support system. You don't have to do this alone; there's a much easier way.
For me the person I was when I got here 1165 days ago *will drink again*. The key to staying sober for me was changing my life from the inside-out. I needed to build a life *worth* staying sober for because there are times when I'll just want to get smashed rather than feel whatever uncomfortable feeling I've got going on. ..I found that change through AA/NA. I was around people who have been in my shoes and got through it. They told me how they did it and it was up to me whether or not I applied their suggestions to my life. I showed up Agnostic opened my mind and really tried to believe in GOD and ended up an Atheist. The key was I was willing to keep an open mind...Long story short: I showed up suicidal and completely hopeless. Within 6 months I got hope back in my life and I haven't drank since. I have problems like anyone else but no matter what I don't drink and life has slowly but surely gotten better. You can do it too.
I know how you feel. I just blacked out after about a year of thinking I had my shit together. Don't beat yourself up. You can do it. We all make mistakes and we won't ever stop doing that. But we can strive to be better we can try. You made it for 4 months! Be proud know you can do better than that this time. Believe in yourself set goals you can do it!
Learning to live a sober life takes time so don't beat yourself up...I tried on my own a few times and it just never worked.  Something would happen that would make my emotions go totally haywire and I'd say Fuck It and get a drink...I eventually found a group of people who had pretty much the same experience with drinking that I did.  Some of them drank longer than I did some did things I didn't do but their feelings about drinking were the exact same.  Once I got over the loneliness of my drinking things got a lot better.  I wasn't a total mess of a human being I was sick just like everyone else in those rooms...I met all those people in AA.  And thanks to them I've been given a life I never imagined I'd have 6 months ago.  I'm learning how to deal with all those painful feelings of drinking without needing a bottle...TL;DR AA helped me get better slowly.
