-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15gbw9/today_was_the_worst_day_ive_had_since_detoxing/

Things have been going surprisingly well up until this point. I have not had any trouble turning down drinks during this holiday season albeit I am only at 13 days. I haven't considered myself an alcoholic for very long; I am only 21 and my heavy drinking outside of the occasional hard party only really started a couple of summers ago while ramping up dramatically after turning old enough to buy booze (last January). Regardless I managed to gift myself with a physical dependency on alcohol. I never had any problems with anxiety until this year. ..At this point I am struggling physically much more than I am mentally. As I get further away from my last drink I'm sure it will seem the other way around. However right now my anxiety while being steadily reduced still poses a large problem. I've been able to manage it pretty well so far but today it was nearly as bad as it was during my detox...I guess there are some good reasons why. Last night I was at a Christmas party which was relatively stressful. Not because there was alcohol around but because I was in a room full of people trying to make conversation and my anxiety kicked in... Regardless I got through it turning down drinks with ease and only a few moments of real discomfort. I came home browsed reddit/watched tv until about 2am (my regular bed time right now) and then tried to sleep. Except I couldn't. I was restless tossing and turning and the later it got the more that restlessness resurfaced my anxiety. It was around 6:30am nearly sun up by the time I fell asleep. ..I was woken up three and a half hours later at 10 o'clock by my family because we were volunteering this morning feeding the homeless/needy. I felt like shit. I knew from the start it was not going to go well. By the time we got to the church and had been thoroughly hustled around and tutored by the organizers I was shaky lightheaded wanting to puke or scream or both. I tried my best to control my breathing but it didn't shake the feeling. I just wanted out. I went and sat in the car. My Dad came out to talk to me and I had to hold back tears because I was so fucking embarrassed. My parents know by now that I am not drinking but they don't know that I consider myself an alcoholic nor do they know what my anxiety stems from. I ended up going for a walk by myself which helped a lot. The biting cold and fresh air was sobering. I eventually came back to the church where the feed was at but I couldn't muster up the will to do anything than to just sit in the corner. I felt like such a child. ..The rest of the day felt like shit too even after the anxiety had subsided. I always feel traumatized after episodes like this and it sucks. I do nothing but sit around apprehensive of the next episode. I did not drink though. Drinking is why it happened in the first place.  ..**tl;dr:** Lack of sleep and stressful events result in feeling the worst I have since my first 24-48 hours. I did not drink. ..I guess what I want to know is what were your experiences with anxiety while getting sober? Did it stop within the first few days? weeks? Never? Did you ever have an anxiety "relapse" like I feel I did today?..Thanks for reading if ya did. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Ok so I'm not a sucessful sober person but I have sobered up recently and am doing a lot better about my alcohol intake...Let me just tell you though YES! I know what you're going through.  The worst part is not being able to connect these awful things happening to you with alcohol withdrawal. It's hard to resist returning to alcohol to make the symptoms go away...I am a self-medicator. I struggle with anxiety. The bad part about quitting alcohol is that it does make your anxiety worse for a while. I would recommend taking a benadryl or a sleepy-antihistamine (I have a very strong prescription) to help calm you down and go to sleep. If you trust yourself maybe go to a doctor for a benzo prescription. For some people that is a good direction and help. For me I'm currently trying to avoid all possible addictions...I also remember the insomnia. I would stay up until 8 in the morning scared out of my mind of nothing and going to an early service at a church because I figured there my demons would have to leave me alone. ..That part of my life was the lowest. I was depressed anxious and honestly fucking terrified of nondescript entity...I can't write to you today and claim to be off the sauce completely. But I am past that heavy every day drinking.  It gets better. You just have to push through...Also whenever I'm having a panic attack I always say to myself "This anxiety is just my body's reaction to a lack of alcohol in my system. This is a physical problem I am trying to fix. This anxiety cannot harm me and I will not let it ruin ________ (whatever you're currently doing). Hope that helps. Merry Christmas!
I started taking anti-anxiety meds after I'd spent about 7 years drinking daily went off of them a year after I seriously started working on reducing then cutting the drinking out...I don't need them now at all. I have the occasional panic-attack-like feeling for a night or general anxiety for a day or two but like you I've learned some coping strategies. It goes away once I take care of myself and comes back less and less often as I build up a higher percentage of sober days out of my last 90...Going for that walk was _brilliant_. That is the best thing to do - you got yourself away from what was tweaking you and you put your focus on something simple and just did it. Loads of former heavy drinkers run or walk and are serious about how much that helps. From your story you actually rode out a pretty brutal anxiety attack quite well. Keep that up!..My timeline after drinking 13-ish oz of gin/day for about 5 years and then bouncing on and off of lighter drinking for about a year: ..week 1: fucking terrible. hands shaking and crazy wired couldn't sleep..month 1: totally awesome happy wired feeling..months 2-8 ish: clearer and clearer awareness that my situation in life sucked and I needed to change a LOT of it. Occasional grueling white-knuckle walks past the like 4 stores that sold booze on my commute back home every evening. Lots of time spent on self-care to alleviate anxiety and rage and depression (meaning baths porn tedious video games in evening)..months 9-24: totally capable me doing awesome things that would have scared the shit out of me a few years ago (live music gigs) punctuated with bouts of drinking every day for a couple weeks where I'd be depressed and increasingly irritable day-to-day every time. This always went away within days of me stopping drinking once detox effects wore off. (auditory hallucinations insomnia)..I'm relaxed in any situation that I get into now. Nothing scares or triggers me because Fuck everyone else. If something problematic comes up I face it and fight my way through it with full attention and effort and whatever bloody mess comes through on the other side is what's left and I'm always still ticking away in the middle of that. I did not grow up with this mindset. : D
This feeling was strongest for me around the two week mark but the times in between gradually got longer and longer... But this is *such* a win... To not drink and ride it out is brilliant in the first place add to this knowing you can you've done it today posting that you did is really amazing and an acknowledgment to your self. 
&gt; I did not drink...Victory!..Keep doing what you did...Everything else will follow in time.
I'm just over 3 years sober and I still battle anxiety. It has certainly gotten better though and I know that drinking will only make my anxiety worse while also burning everything else I've worked for to the ground...Keep not drinking one day at a time. I strongly suggest trying AA as nothing is more helpful than people who have been in your shoes *and got better*. Hang in there today it's worth it.
That sounds terrible; I'm sorry you went through that. ..I suffer from debilitating bouts of depression and anxiety; it sucks...Since quitting drinking I've had some insomnia...I've found that  melatonin works wonders; you can pick it up  over the counter at your local pharmacy for &lt;$6...It gets better.
i posted about having anxiety a few days ago.....lack of sleep and anxiety are huge problems for me.....i can only combat them with excercise ( walking for me ) reading (limited tv and internet) and forcing myself to shut down and go to sleep which means sort of giving up on the day and going to bed because i know that i will be tired and anxious if I don't get 8 hours of sleep.....i guess my advice is make exercise  sleep and sobriety a priority over everything else and your body will reward you
