-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/162ohm/i_woke_up_this_morning_feeling_great/

I feel great mentally. However physically my body is still in recovery. My fingers look like sausages my face is visibly puffy I havent eaten anything solid in....I don't know maybe 3-4 days... I can't keep water down my knee is causing me to walk with a limp and my body is covered in bruises at varying stages of yellow/black/blue that comes with healing....I've been here before many times. Each time I vow to myself that I will not let it get this bad. Swear to myself that I'd just drink socially next time... no more hiding in my house getting plastered morning till night days at a time....I know I'm ridiculous for thinking this is a problem only my close friends know about. A problem only my intimate partners who've had to carry me to bed could possibly know the extent of. But the truth is it's written all over me....I'm okay with all of this and I'm okay that my body will be in recovery from now on. I feel great because I'm at "that point" the point at which I'm ready to change. I don't care what it takes alcohol will not be part of my life anymore....**If you've made it this far thank you. I appreciate you for reading and hearing me out. I needed to be honest with myself and make this public statement. Here's a BONUS story about my first attempt at gardening and learning to live sober.**...I went to the store last night to find everything I needed to start an indoor garden. A fellow redditor in recover said gardening helped keep her occupied in the early days so I figured I'd give it a shot....I'm at the store determined to make the most perfect indoor garden ever or at least something that resembles a garden. It want it to be magical like my own little world and most importantly a hobby outside of drinking. I'm reading every package getting everything recommended making sure I have all the tools etc....I'm reading the back of a packet of seeds and I come across some instructions that just don't make sense. I go up to the lady in the gardening department an ask her if I'm going to need to make an additional trip to JoAnns to pick up the tools needed to plant these seeds. I show her the package and she's confused by the instructions as well. She gets on the intercom and calls for a manager. This attractive man comes over I explain my dellama and read him the sentience that's confusing me. He looks at me perplexed and says "no you just have to sow the seeds". I look at him smile and tell him "I don't understand how to do that (pointing at the packet) these are really vague instructions". He repeats himself " No Ma'am you just sow the seeds". Annoyed I retort loudly "I get that but I don't own anything for sewing I don't even think I have safety pins. What do I need!? Like some fucking string and needle or something?"...He can tell I'm serious and begins laughing hysterically. I'm visibly embarrassed (although I don't quite undersand why) my face is beat red and I'm so uncomfortable that I'm holding back tears thinking in my head that is would be a lot easier to get drunk and not deal with this shit. I can see that he starts to notice my uncomfortableness. Holding back laughter he explains it to me "sow is another word for bury or plant in the dirt" Once I realize my mistake I can't help but laugh....Laughing but holding back tears of defeat I tell him I'm trying to quit being a lush and that I was just looking for a new hobby. He gave me a hug his card with his cell number and told me to call or text any time I'd like....I feel like while learning to live sober I might have many of these moments. Moment where I feel like a fucking idiot for not knowing things normal people who havent drank in their every moment of spare time. But I am okay with that....I'd love to hear your struggles and how you learned to live without alcohol (or drug of choice). I'm very new to .this....EDIT: Spelling & Format. Sorry I suck at life right now. I'm honestly surprised that people read that whole thing thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; No Ma'am you just sow the seeds..Seems like a metaphor for life recovery. Unexpected advice.
That is funny. Not so funny that you can't keep water down. I am not a doctor but this worries me more than a little. .You will need do more than plant seeds to grow your recovery..You will need get over the shame and fear.  You will need learn how to get through days( plural) without the crutch or in your case wheelchair..Sooner rather than later you will need look at the myths you created telling you that drinking was necessary..Doing this alone did not work for me.  You need reach out physically to other drunks. AA -smart recovery -whatever.  This is a good start but after you clean up some you need to shake a hand and hear the word "welcome."
I like your story! ..Well we are all struggeling with something for me it's cannabis. Imagine that you don't only drink at home or at the bar hiding but also just about every time you meet a friend or do any activity. Real friends get swapped to smoker-fridends with whom you have a shallow relationship with that basically only has the cannabis in common. Why do smokers do it so often that it becomes a problem? Well the "lack" of a hangover is probably a pretty good reason (well ofc substance abuse of any kind is to get away from something reality). It takes no space in your pocket and it becomes a habit to roll and smoke when being bored/depressed/sad/happy/neutral. .Explaining why many of us still continue smoking is hard as the physical dependence is less than with coffee. Instead most of it takes place in your head (well you can also have trouble sleeping or anxiety but they are very light symptoms). One way to explain it is that it becomes somehow a lifestyle that is hard to break a spiral that goes downslope. You smoke alot you end up doing nothing you smoke more because you are still not doing anything and now you are doing something because you are smokeing. Woops it's a new day repeat...I imagine it's quite the same for alcohol or sugar. It is not the drug itself that is making us use it it is our own addictive personality that does it. We just have to get the thumbs out of the asses and do something about it...I've had breaks lasting a couple of weeks and it's quite surprising how different (but still not the lazy lifestyle might not go away and it's easy to join the spiral again) you are when you have cleared out everything from your system. Somehow you see things more clearly. .I have become more introverted without even noticing it myself and I've noticed that my memory is not what it used to be (It's not that I'm a zombie or something it's kind of hard to explain). I might remember doing something but I can't really grasp it somehow I don't connect any feelings or thoughts to some of the memories. However it's getting much better now. I think cannabis sure is a nice drug to use occasionally but the childish "culture" around it among young that it in someway would be OK to do it all the time is absolutely ridicilous. Why is it so much glorified? ...Well I just felt like writing. 
I recently read a book on recovery and the relationship between addiction to alcohol and ones addiction to sugar. I go through phases of recovery and quite honestly the only time I've enjoyed recovery is when I'm being extremely conscious of my nutrition. Along with that exercise definitely helped rid the toxins out of my system more quickly then being stagnate. The tough part about it however is that you have to be incredibly conscious of your being. The bad days suck the bad weeks suck too if you feed the fire of desire for alcohol your mind will bend reality in so many ways to the point that no ones words or text will suffice. I'm not in recovery right now so take that as you may.  
It's cool to see another female here. I keep reading most posts as being from guys (though I'm sure I'm wrong about some of them). I LOVE to garden and am kind of obsessed with herb and veggie growing in my tiny city yard. Let me know if you want any tips or encouragement.
