-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/163bd5/living_with_an_alcoholic_so_update/

I posted here in my first week of getting sober about my struggle living with a boyfriend who was drinking to the point of blacking out for days at a time. You wonderfully kind and sympathetic people were very encouraging and of course suggested I seek out Al Anon (wisely so)...One month ago my man told me he was done drinking. He had felt that his drinking was perfectly normal when in fact it had been getting worse and worse. I was elated but also worried about getting sober together. As my clarity of mind returned I was more aware than ever of how awful our relationship had gotten but also scared that leaving him would lead to an almost immediate relapse. ..Today when I got home from work he actually hugged and kissed me (I'm used to "You're home ALREADY?") and apologized for texting me all day about his drink cravings. He hoped that didn't make him a shitty boyfriend. I was floored because I know I'm his live-in sober support as he is mine and those texts make me smile because he's not at the corner store buying a beer when he sends them. I told him the last month of our year-plus relationship has been like a dream for me because I haven't been thinking about cheating AT ALL. Now I wouldn't put Slutty at the front of my user name if it weren't a little true. I don't cheat on him but I think about it constantly; I *thought* about it constantly. ..I was so scared of growing apart but I feel like I'm in love with this dude for the first time. It'll be a struggle it may not last forever but I feel so inspired to maintain my sobriety and help him with his because this is better than any honeymoon.
----------immediate responses--------

 Good for you. What are you guys doing to secure your new sober lives? Some support other than each other? 
This is awesome :) It's so important for us to appreciate the good stuff; "This too shall pass."
Hey I know you didn't mention AA in your post but if he needs someone to text about his drink cravings and needs sober support it seems like a sponsor would be an excellent person to fill that role.
I remember you. I'm glad things are going the right way. Keep coming back it gets better!..My wife has been going to Alanon for about three years now and she's gotten to where she goes there more than she does AA. 
wonderful. i'm also in recovery with my boyfriend. we're long distance now but were together on and off for about a year in the same city but we were drunk the whole time. now it's like we're getting to know each other all over again but for real this time. good for you guys :)
glad everything is working out for you and your boyfriend! 
Girl. I just discovered that when I'm sober I'm actually a  nice person. My SO and I have had the best 35 days of our relationship. It's crazy how much time I wasted being nasty and mean to people. I feel really lucky and blessed to have someone who is cheering for me and forgives me for all my bullshit. It's just all smiles over this way. So happy for you guys!
