-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/164m9r/frustration_with_the_vanguards_of_the_system/

Sorry if this is the wrong place but it feels related to stopdrinking I think:  .Clinical evaluation four weeks ago took 30 minutes to do and cost quite a pretty penny. For a DUI 18 months ago. I haven't been convicted yet (court takes a very very long time) so you could say I'm seeking out help on my own before it becomes ordered by the court.  .Evaluator loses my evaluation and is having me re-do it over the phone. This of course on top of being late to my initial evaluation in person by almost 15 minutes then only speaking for 30. In an unfurnished room at a DUI "school".  .That coupled with her feeling it necessary to tell me she's a "recoverd" but still life-long alcoholic (you never fully recover right?) of her own kind of put me off guard. Is that supposed to put me at ease? I'm more afraid it's a sign that I'll get a bad evaluation because her struggles will be projected onto her clients.  .I don't know... it just feels soooo well uncomfortable and not quite right.  .Tentatively so far what I've got is verbal only suggestion between 6 to 12 weeks of outpatient group therapy but I won't get any final decision until I do the evaluation again.  .So before I get anything officially signed or faxed from her I'm kind of considering asking for my money back and not do this specific evaluation again. I mean she lost my evaluation...  .Would it be worth it to ask for my money back and use it to pay for another evaluation from a "clean" evaluator?  Or would you want your evaluation from someone who has "been there"? I'm definitely conflicted myself.  .UPDATE: Just got off phone with evaluator we did my evaluation again over the phone and she seemed very responsive and compassionate. 15 minutes phone call. 1/2 the time as the first but this felt sooo much better.  Turns out we were on the same page anyways with estimated "time". 6 to 12 weeks outpatient and that's what she is faxing to the court and my attorney. With the freedom of choice of centers too to find the one that works best with my schedule. I'm so incredibly happy right now over something so small.  .TLDR; Don't lose your shit when you get frustrated folks!
----------immediate responses--------

A Clean Evaluation? Who better than a person in recovery to fully understand where you're coming from. I understand your frustration but my guess its The State your from doing this eval? Probably swamped with work.
What are your motives here?
&gt;you never fully recover right?..The full title of the AA "Big Book" is:  Alcoholics Anonymous: The Story of How Many Thousands of Men and Women Have Recovered from Alcoholism 
