-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/169rzv/unsure_what_im_doing_but_so_still_drinking/

I know this isn't an uncommon issue so I guess I'm just looking for some feedback from people with more experience than I have. My partner and I have been together for the better part of a decade and have a great relationship. We are both heavy drinkers if you go by the official definition: more than 14 drinks per week for women. Shoot we could easily do 12 drinks a piece Friday through Sunday and then during the week we would either abstain or limit ourselves to a few drinks per night. We have gone for weeks at a time drinking daily or close to it and then weeks at a time when we only drink Friday/Saturday...As the years creep on she has had an easier time controlling her alcohol intake and I've had a harder time. Especially in party situations she can easily stop when she feels satisfied or has a good buzz. I on the other hand often keep going for another few rounds and wake up feeling like shit. In the past when I've cut back or quit she has had very little problem cutting down while I've struggled...So on to the issue: she loves craft beers and brewing her own beer and in fact is having a brew day with our neighbors this weekend (great timing for me to take a hiatus or possibly quit right?). Right now we have one of my favorite stouts in the fridge. How do you guys deal with this stuff without stepping on toes? She knows I'm taking a break but I haven't told her I'm thinking about quitting completely.
----------immediate responses--------

Just be open and honest with her.  You might be surprised with her reaction and future actions now that you are thinking about quitting entirely.
If you are in a place right now where you really don't want to deal with even being around any alcohol drinking then HideAndSeek's way is the only thing to do in my opinion - you need to put that on the table. If you come forward openly and simply with like a need to just blow off some social occasions right now for a hiatus of either planned or open-ended time it seems to me that it's not too much to ask for some understanding with that. If you communicate your concern for how this is affecting her which you clearly have it seems to me like that will help this kind of "we need to talk" go well...Good luck however you decide to handle things. 
Try something few of us ever do. BE HONEST! Talk to her tell her how you feel work together. You'll figure it out.
my SO and i used to drink together like every night. eventually after some years it became more and more clear that he could stop after a few drinks whereas i would pretty much always get wasted if i started drinking. when i first quit it was awkward for a little while when he would drink even though i was still struggling with quitting. we would talk about it. now after 3 months it doesn't bother me at all its not awkward and our relationship is waaaaay healthier than when i was drinking. just be honest about how you feel and communicate with your partner about what makes you comfortable/uncomfortable concerning alcohol especially early on. good luck to you. 
It does sneak up on you.  Add to this the fact your tolerance may be changing.  This is fairly common in women...She sounds like she will be respect you it will require some modifications of life style.  Craft beer day? (Combine hobby and addiction wheee)..Suggest you find a program of recovery. (AA worked for me but there are others).  Doing it alone even in loving environment is very hard. Al-anon for her might be something to think on.  And while you are at it maybe shift your mutual hobby towards cooking gardening ?...
My SO and I don't share favorites in terms of drinks but he ALWAYS asks me before he drinks if I would mind. If I say yes then he abstains. He never orders drinks while we are out to dinner and is generally my number one fan. He has even begun questioning how much he drinks and has cut back A LOT. We are a team and we try our best to operate that way. Be honest and open about how you feel. It seems like you guys should be able to support each other in quitting but if she's not ready it's going to be more difficult. Maybe she can change the location of the brew party to the other people's house? Seems like a reasonable compromise. Good luck!..EDIT: I really feel the need to add that if you share a home together that is sacred space. It's for both of you to live in and feel healthy and happy. If you don't feel healthy and happy drinking or brewing beer it should not take place in your home. I don't think it's fair that you would have to find someplace to go so that you're not uncomfortable in your own home. Again honest discussion time!
