-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16dzq2/here_it_goes_attempting_another_tool_in_the/

I'm 29. I'm an alcoholic by any definition of the word that I've ever come across. I've been using alcohol and drugs since I was 14. As I got older and realized the consequences of illegal drug use I eventually became a full time alcoholic and haven't really used any illegal drugs for the last 7 or 8 years. The only exception is cannabis which is basically something I'll use if I'm in the mood and it's around but again due to potential legal consequences I don't pursue it...The last 4.5 years have basically been a consistent nightly binge of 15-20 drinks (basically a 750ml bottle of vodka). I might go 1 or 2 days sober every few months for various reasons. During the last 4.5 years I've achieved a few stints of prolonged sobriety. I'm overweight and the 2 longest periods of sobriety during this time both coincided with sort of holistic wellness approaches to getting healthy. I think I was sober for something like 10 months 2.5 years ago and 42 days this past summer...Prior to this past summer's sobriety things in my life were OK. I literally mean OK as in mediocre. I have a good job and make decent money. I'm married and my wife was being fairly supportive and understanding and gave me the benefit of the doubt when I fed her lines about trying to get sober. But after relapsing and going back to habitual nightly black out sessions this last time my wife has clearly had enough...I only drink at night. On work nights that usually means between 7pm-3am and on weekends anything goes as far as when I stop drinking in the morning. The sleep deprivation alone makes me essentially a zombie during most of my sober time...I literally have zero friends outside of work where I live now (moved here 4.5 years ago hint hint) and all of my friends in my hometown are the party type. As with all of us there's a lot of history and more to the story (I mean after all I haven't even mentioned any of the sad frustrating traumatic type of things that I use to rationalize to myself and my wife why it's OK to drink tonight) but I think this is a good start...I've done the doctor psychologist psychiatrist and therapist thing. Each of those tools helped for a bit but as the story goes this or that led to something and I would lose that tool or put it away and return to not caring about the fact I am essentially committing slow suicide. I've got many of the physical hallmarks of someone who's used and abused his body for so long -- liver heart and I'm sure a lot more. I'm certain my brain has begun to atrophy. But today I haven't had a drink and today I'm going to (try) stay sober...**TL;DR** I'm a drunk and I want to get healthy. I'm going to check into /r/stopdrinking everyday and take it one day at a time and see if this resource is the tool I need to make a difference. Today is day 1 of my sobriety...*EDIT0:* 01/11/13 6:07 PM Alright I'm leaving work and heading home and driving past my usual stops and liquor stores. Wish me luck that tomorrow I wake up on day 2.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I've done the doctor psychologist psychiatrist and therapist thing...You've tried those but there are still more options. There's inpatient treatment outpatient treatment AA SMART recovery. You haven't tried everything so don't give up...I did try everything and AA was my very last resort. I went there out of desperation because I had no other options. I didn't expect it to work but it did because I was at the point I WANTED it to work and was willing to do absolutely anything to try and stay sober...Whatever tools you choose to try be willing to do whatever it takes. You really need to find a way to change your thinking so that you WANT sobriety MORE than you want a drink...You can do this. Be willing to try everything.
Maybe stop in an AA meeting. The only requirement for membership is a deisre to stop drinking. Saved my sorry ass. My options were AA or a slow alcoholic death. Guess what I chose.
One day at a time and you might talk with your doctor to get some medical supervision of your withdrawal your intake is enough that there will be some shakes at the least..AA worked for me. Didn't think it could because I was special and different.  Truth is I am a run of the mill drunk.  Therapy did not work because I lied avoided and rationalized.   You can do it just not alone.
[deleted]
So I made it through night one. Today is a new day and today I am going to stay sober. This only being day 2 in some ways makes it even harder and I know tomorrow will be even harder. For me it's breaking through 3-4 days and getting a solid week behind me before I feel like I've accomplished enough sober days to make starting over too high a cost. That might not make sense but today is day 2 and I'm sober.
