-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16k666/anybody_struggling_with_alcoholism_and_another/

Hey all..I've been struggling with depression for about the last ten years or so of my life.  Been drinking for the better part of the past eight years.  Quit drinking on Dec 30th 2012...And frankly I'm pretty freakin miserable currently.  I'm not thinking about drinking as I've eliminated that option but I'm not experiencing the bright excited energy-filled days that so many other sobernauts are basking in...So I'm seeking advice or insight on obtaining some form of consistent happiness from those who can relate those who can't those who have struggled through it and those who haven't.  ..Please advice me!..PS: Just to get some things out of the way:.I have a full time job a girlfriend a gym regimen and a fair list of hobbies and friends.  Halp meh. ..Thanks all!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
[deleted]
you're going through post acute withdrawal syndrome man. It could be a few weeks yet before things get noticeably better from my understanding. Some sort of seasonal affective disorder could be playing a role too -- this time of year is rarely as bright and exciting as the summer (at least if you're in a cold climate like me)...Try doing some new things with your friends and gf for now to mix things up? Hope everything goes well.
[deleted]
Depressive alcoholic here. Been there done it all. ..The things that worked? AA for the drinking Jungian counselling lots of exercise and vitamin D for the depression. ..Some temporary (and life saving) relief from medications for depression. 
I am mildly bipolar (cyclothymic). I will say that it is far easier to quit when in an upswing/hypomanic rather than downswing/depressed. My last sobriety break was the former and it was a breeze -- which is why I broke it 90 days later. I figured I wasn't an alcoholic after all and could quit anytime. ..This time around I've been in a down swing a pretty major one for me. The thing is I totally realize that the drinking does not help and is very much contributing to the severity of the downswing. It's a catch-22 situation. ..I saw a recommendation here awhile back for Seven Weeks for Sobriety and I bought the book and read it over xmas. I am following that program (modified somewhat). My plan isn't to quit completely just to scale back to light drinking every now and then (like once a week). But I have made this connection: I self-treat my mood swings with alcohol. If I swing too high a glass of wine brings me down a bit. If I swing too low a glass of wine helps bring me up at least for a little while. And then if the drinking gets out of hand my nutrition suffers and if that happens my moods get more and more out of whack. It is all connected. ..I am rambling but I'll add that in the past when I've taken lithium (no longer on it) I completely lost all taste for alcohol. I never thought about it. If I had a glass of wine with dinner or something I could barely finish it. Right now one of the supplements I'm taking is lithium orotate which you can get over the counter. I can't say if it's helping because I'm taking a whole bunch of stuff to get my nutrition back on track overall but I suspect it may be helping. I did drink this weekend. Friday night I had one glass of wine and I could barely finish it. Saturday night was more of an "all bets off" night and I had maybe 3 glasses over the course of  many hours. Sunday I was back on track. We will see what this week holds but I really am feeling better calmer more even keeled. ..Long winded way to suggest you may want to work on your nutrition. ....... 
I suffer from bad social anxiety and that was a huge cause for my excessive drinking.  In fact it was the only way I was able to be around people I didn't know for a long time.  Over time though I noticed that whenever I was sober my anxiety levels would shoot through the roof.  It got so bad that the only time I wasn't feeling anxiety was when I had alcohol in my system.  It was at that point that I realized the drinking was making things worse not helping...Eventually I was able to sober up successfully (semi-succesfully there have been exceptions) and one thing I noticed that once I had really kicked the habit and gotten into a regular lifestyle without alcohol my self confidence went up and my anxiety went down.  It was like all the self medication I did and all the things I craved that I thought alcohol was providing I was able to achieve on my own once I actually quit.  It didn't happen overnight but sticking with it and focusing my attention on hobbies (I picked up guitar) and just living life sober really helped with the anxiety problems I was going through...Best of luck!
**YES**. The only advice I can give is don't ignore it seek professional help. ..To a certain extent it will get better with time but you can't really say how much better or how long (for me 70 days has only brought marginal improvements. Many others see a total turn-around).
Depressive alcoholic and addict here. I sobered up in rehab on 4-4-12. First two weeks I felt better. Then once I left rehab and rejoined the "real" world life started to suck. In the last nine months I've gone through foreclosure repo bankruptcy and as of this upcoming Thursday a finalized divorce. I've been on lexipro Effexor (one I can't remember) and I'm Prozac now to little avail. ..I'm sober now which made me re-evaluate my life. I realized our funds were fucked up which lead to all the things listed above. Once I was clear headed again I realized my then-wife had fucked all our finances up bled dry my reserve cash and because of that I divorced her. There is over $25k missing from everything I had that I can't account for. This sent me into a huge depressive stint that lasted two weeks. ..However I STAYED SOBER! Honestly I don't know how. It wasn't my "higher power" as I'm an atheist. Trust me there were several times where I almost broke. I would drive up to the liquor store sit in the parking lot for a half hour or so then leave. But I STAYED SOBER. And you can too. I wish you the best and I hope you find the right combo for meds that will allow you to find comfort in this crazy world. If you need anyone to talk to or even just an anonymous friend to vent to feel free to pm me. ..Most people say "it gets better" but I haven't really experienced that yet. My life is different now but not necessarily better. 9 months now and I still feel very insecure depressed and downright angry at times. But I'm still here trying to piece my life back together. If I can do it anyone can. ..I heard a saying in rehab that has meant more to me than anything that was taught there. Another person had a tattoo that said "Everything is beautiful and nothing hurt." I realized that basically this describes the feeling I had when I was fucked up. It was such a powerful feeling but it was not reality. I wasn't living life I was escaping it. Not anymore and never again will I live that way. Sorry to ramble but I'm hoping you can relate. 
I have bipolar disorder...Alcoholism makes things tricky. It's hard to treat your mental health while your drinking but it's hard to stop drinking if you've been using it to self-medicate. ..When I got sober I spent ten days in-patient for detox. Then I moved to an intensive outpatient program during which I ALSO saw my psychiatrist 2-3 times a week to work on psych-med management. ..It is really REALLY important to treat BOTH the depression and the alcoholism TOGETHER. If you have to take extra anti-depressants NOW to get through this period  IT'S OKAY - They can be reduced later after a period of sobriety with the help of therapy meetings etc...It sounds like you really have a lot going for you - You have a lot of reasons to get your shit together. Good luck.
It took me nine months after I stopped drinking to start going to meetings and I only went to meetings because nothing else I tried was keeping me from wanting to kill myself.  ..It took me maybe longer than it should have to learn what AA had to teach me but it has been a constant source of happiness for years now.  Frankly in the early days it was more a distraction but even distraction is useful...Also look up "post-acute withdrawal syndrome" on Wikipedia.
I have bipolar disorder and am an alcoholic. I had been unmedicated for 4 years while my drinking was really out of control. I managed to stay sober for a month before my mood/thoughts got the best of me and I relapsed. At that time I realized I needed to be back on medication if I wanted to stay sober because for years I'd used alcohol and drugs to control my moods (when depressed I'd either drink or take Xanax to pass out or take something speedy to make me happy and when manic I'd drink in attempt to slow my brain down). I've been on medication since November but I'm going through our county mental health people so they put me on just an antidepressant for a while which made me manic and I ended up relapsing again because I couldn't sleep. Now I'm taking several different medications and am doing a little better. It's been rough getting to this point and for awhile I thought it would be impossible for me to ever get and stay sober. I'm also aware that my medications will continue to need to be adjusted and that my mood shifts are something I need to learn to deal with. I also go to AA and some of the people there are of the opinion that I'm not sober because I'm taking mind altering drugs. I just ignore them and trust what my doctor says regarding that issue.
