-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16oufm/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: I did something this week which scared the shit out of me - expressed to a friend that I have romantic feelings for her.  It was tough but I'm grateful that I did it...Struggle: My friend doesn't share the feelings that I have.  That hurt to hear.  But I also know I can't control that so I'm doing my best to accept it.  She did take it well we talked it over and continued to hang out afterwards and have a good time.  I think we'll still maintain a friendship but I'm not sure how I feel about that right now...All throughout this though the urge to drink hasn't come up once.  That in itself is blowing my mind...General chat: Fuck colds.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;General chat: Fuck colds...Damn right. 
That's awesome NoMoreBeersPlease!  Glad to see that even trying situations aren't pushing you back to your demons...For me.....Triumph: We had a happy hour in our office the other day.  I did not drink even though the beer and wine was flowing.  One person came up to me and asked me about it.  I told him that I have a "moderation problem".  I've heard him say the same thing in the past.  He asked me a few questions about my sobriety which further enforced my belief that he's in recovery too and then we started talking about other things.  But I'm starting to feel much more comfortable talking about it with others...Struggle: Nothing to report...General Chat: I'm feeling great!  I'm down to 257 (from 288 in July and 268 on January 1).  My wife and I are as close as ever too!
[deleted]
Triumph: I am progressing I am growing..Struggle: I'm having to fight tooth and nail for every inch of progress and it's happening soooo slowly...General chat: My boss is awesome (except when he's being a dick).
Triumph: I did some standup comedy last night and did one of the best sets I've ever done. I had a great time and I'm really proud that I've been able to remain in the standup comedy scene (and stay funny) while not drinking...Struggle: The standup I did was part of an ongoing contest and I did not move on to the final round. Also I found out that my girlfriend feels like I've been neglecting her so I'm pretty stressed out about that...General chat: I got a "woop woop" type call out from the audience when I mentioned how many days I've gone without alcohol. It might've been my mom but I hope it was a kindred spirit.
I'm going to a new meeting tonight. It's supposed be a young peoples meeting. I'm excited to meet some sober people my age. 
Triumph: Had a great day. Day at work was good had a few good laughs with friends went to the boxing gym and had an awesome workout didn't eat unhealthy stuff...Struggle: Getting a little bit concerned that I'm falling in love with a girl who is going to leave this country in about 9 months. Sucks!..General chat: Everything works fine and smooth. I took off and [flying](http://images2.layoutsparks.com/1/66973/airplane-cloudy-height-air.jpg) away into a brighter future minor turbulences...Some chillout music to relax.... enjoy it with a tea or any other non-alcoholic beverage ...:  .http://listen.di.fm/public3/chillout.pls
Triumph: finally got my trophy for winning a fantasy football league. I also visited friends for whom I house-sat while they went on vacation...Struggle: The reward four house-sitting was a bottle of vodka that my friends picked up on their trip to a music festival. I don't even like vodka (bourbon and scotch are my poisons of choice) but I caught myself eyeing the full bottle as it sat on the living room coffee table during the visit. It also reminded me that I'm not really "out of the liquor cabinet" to anyone but my girlfriend about my quitting. Am I living a lie?..I knew I couldn't take the bottle of vodka home. I called my girlfriend and arranged to take it to her house. I'm sure she and her gal friends can use it to mix up some sort of party concoction the next time they all get together. This incident marked the worst craving I've had since I swore off. Even though I've got plenty of important and fun things to do that I don't want to be hungover for I really want to drink a few beers and sling some bourbon. But I won't...General chat: I guess my honeymoon with sobriety is over. Now it's time to settle down and live together.
Triumph: Two euphoric days of unbridled hope optimism and shameless dancing. The past three weeks (one of the longest times i've been without the drink!) have been horrific and much tougher than I could have ever envisaged. Three weeks straight i've spent sombrely thinking remembering regretting self-loathing doubting predicting and bargaining so two (albeit still sleep deprived) days of genuinely laughing and dancing (a term I use very loosely here) a la Jim Carey have relit that inner fight. I know it sounds daft and idiotic but its about the fact I managed to let go whilst sober. Although I feared it to be a myth I've discovered fun is not synonymous with alcohol and in fact the results of pushing through those inhibitions without the need for alcohol are infinitely more gratifying in comparison. ...Struggle: Jeeze I'm a bitch to live with. It's a constant tsunamis of passive aggression only worsened by my inability to sleep. And rather bafflingly I've seemingly been lumped with a bundle of screaming emotions that constantly want tending to or feeding or soothing. I can deal with them about as well as I suppose I may be capable of carrying out multilevel surgery with my feet. Today the gown is on and my socks are off. I'm as prepared as I can be and there's nothing more I can do but turn around and face what I've ignored for so very long. ...General chat: This triumph/struggle/general chat is an awesome idea. 
Congrats on 192 days! ..Triumph: Learning that I can't whatever I want without consequences and 44 days sober!..Struggle: Eating a whole pint of SO Delicious Chocolate ice cream. Ugh. ..General: Allergies restlessness and missing my SO. ..Glad everyone is doing so well love you guys!
Triumph: My head is so clear been kicking ass at work.  I was lying to myself about how much drinking was impacting me.  ..Struggle: Evening cravings and trying to get up the nerve to walk into a meeting...General Chat: It needs to warm up already I'm ready to go camping already!
Triumph: shared for the second time in AA cried again but because I had to deal with a bit of depression/anxiety unexpectedly earlier this week. Talked to my best friend and parents about it feel so much better. Who would have thought that a hug would make things so much better? Haha. Still not drinking people/co-workers are amazed at my will power but most of them don't know.  They don't need to knowthe reason why I don't drink or cut back on drinking. =]..Lastly I taught my first two private yoga clients! Getting into the swing of teaching better but definitely practicing. =]..Struggle: depression every once in a while because I am trying to fit too many things into one schedule. Working on applying for Grad School getting a second job and applying to an OTA program. .
