-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16phk7/struggling/

I do not get much positive feedback about my quitting drinking but I realize it is for me and not for everyone else.  Today is the first time (stopped drinking 11 days ago) that I really could use a drink.  I had a crazy morning and a slight headache and just feel meh.  I think a drink would make me feel better - in reality it wont - but it feels like it would.  I thought about pot but I am really trying to just stay sober.  ..I am going to put on some tea and hope this fades a little.  It doesn't help I have a box of wine in the fridge (S.O. is still drinking)
----------immediate responses--------

11 days nice job!  I remember how hard the first couple weeks were for me.  This is something you should be really proud of.  Congrats...This will be a whole lot easier if you can get the alcohol out of the house.  Moments of weakness have a way of sneaking up out of nowhere.  I've managed to quit for 11 months now but to be honest with you I don't know that I'd have made it 30 days if I had a case of beer sitting in my fridge the whole time.  All it takes is one crazy thought &amp; before you even think twice you've thrown it all away...Is there any way your SO will agree to not keep alcohol in the house at least for the next couple of months?  It's not forever just until you get some more time under your belt.  It'll improve your chances dramatically imho...Get out of the house if you have to.  I have a plan for when I have an urge.  First I go for a run or walk. If that doesn't work I eat something.  If that doesn't work I call someone or go visit a friend.  If that doesn't work I try to lose myself in something - TV a book a video game a project cleaning etc.  If that doesn't work I go to bed.  Even if I'm not tired.  "Urge too strong day over."   Because I know that as long as I don't get out of bed I won't drink and the urge will be gone by morning...Again none of this is forever.  The urges get fewer &amp; farther between.  But you're in a really critical time period here.  You can't get to day 13 if you don't make it to day 12...Again great job.
Good job on  11 days. That's huge! Advil usually helps when I have a headache. Sorry to hear that your S.O. isn't being supportive. It really helps to talk about it with people who have the same problem though. Good luck and stick around ok?
[deleted]
tea and early to bed kept me in a good place.  Made it to day 12 which is pretty cool.  I have sworn off drinking before and never made it longer than 10 days.   
