-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/16tgh5/1_year_today/

1 year today. No booze pot cigarettes or any other drug. Its been an amazing year. i graduated from college got into my top choice physical therapy program got into the best shape of my life and improved my relationships with my family. I was finally sober enough to give back through volunteering and helping friends and family through hard times. I have always thought of myself as a motivated kind intelligent person. When i was drinking and smoking that was not the person i saw. Now I am finding who i am without drugs and you know what? i like the guy i see today...Your recovery may not be as smooth as mine but rest assured it is possible. I hope this serves as motivation to someone out there who is struggling. Have a great day r/stopdrinking!.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!
well done !!! one year thats a massive milestone !
Congrats man.  That's awesome.
huuuuuge! 
Growing up!  That's some powerful stuff.  I can relate.  Big bros hug.
[deleted]
congrats
Way to go!
That's the best. Congrats!
Nice job dude!.
Happy birthday! And many moooorrrre....!
Thanks for sharing the joy! 
[deleted]
Great job.  Very inspiring to me.   Thanks for posting. 
[deleted]
Nice one I'm getting there myself. Looking forward to this day. 
Way to go.  Today marks my 100th day and I have to say.  It's getting easier to be around people drinking and smelling the booze on their breath with out drinking.
Awesome congratulations you kick ass!
Wow! Congratulations mate! :)
conGrats!
Thank you congratulations and I like the tone. "Everything will be all right in the end... if it's not all right then it's not yet the end." -- Exotic Marigold Hotel
[deleted]
[deleted]
Awesome post. Congrats!
Congrats! You are an inspiration to us all...Everything you said about school fitness and relationships has been true for me as well. It is my daily motivation to stay sober.
It is helpful thanks!
That seems like a dream come true.  Congratulations that is awesome.
Congrats that's impressive! What is your best advice for someone who is trying to quit? Especially the first month? Addiction is tough... We all enjoy it while in the fog but not the aftermath.
Way to go!  Although I don't know you I am genuinely proud of you.  That is an amazing accomplishment.  Keep it up and spread good words to others that are struggling.
[deleted]
That's awesome! Very inspirational. .
Congrats man!!!
