-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/172gqs/why_is_this_so_difficult/

I am really struggling with quitting.  I don't really understand how my brain works.  I wake up every morning telling myself it's time to stop and all day long I will read stopdrinking but once I get home I just start drinking again as if I have no control.  I know I leave myself too many outs.  No one is there to hold me accountable because I haven't told anyone my real intentions of quitting.  I think I'm still too scared to go to an AA meeting or admit to my wife that I'm an alcoholic even though I'm sure she already thinks I am.  
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you're not truly ready...When I quit I told my wife that night (while drunk) that I was going to quit.  But I had made the decision.  When I woke up the next day I sent an email to those that were important to me (and who affected my drinking the most) announcing to them that "for both physical and mental health reasons I am not drinking anymore"...This made me more accountable than just telling my wife.  Now my family friends owner of my favorite pub close drinking buddies and my therapist knew my intentions.  Being a "stand up guy" I knew doing this would prevent me from lightly giving in...And it worked.  My friends were receptive and supportive.  My wife appreciated my act of commitment.  And two months later I haven't had a drop.  I know I'm still early in my recovery but I feel like I've put in a great start and am building the tools I need to deal with the times it'll get hard...Good luck.
I wish you can see it. There comes a time when it's you VS the bottle. You need to take the stand. No one can make the jump at your place. One day I said to myself: "the fuck with this I won't have that drink and I am going to an AA meeting". Period. No plan no expectation no nothing. The hell with God my wife and my job. I just surrendered. It's like they say: Just do it. Think of it like diving in a canadian lake. Cold. But doable.
Most likely you are at the point where logic and willpower are almost useless. I have been there myself. One way out of this is that your drinking might mess up your life bad enough that you can overcome. Another way is to go to a rehab where the choice to drink will be removed from you for a while. .There is always the possibility that one day (without any major traumatic events) you finally stop on your own. The problem with this is that it could take years to accomplish and it might never happen...I chose the 30 day rehab to give me time to regain my willpower over alcohol. Before that I was never able to make it more then 2 or 3 weeks without finding myself getting drunk against my own better judgement. 
It is as difficult as you make it. 
I spent years doing exactly that.  Wake up swearing I was gonna quit only to find myself drinking that night.  [I wrote this once explaining how I got past it maybe it will work for you too](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/v9fc1/stranded_in_japan_and_looking_to_quit_drinking/c52hdmp)..Telling your wife would be a great start.  Like you said she probably already knows. Things will change for you after you say it out loud...Best of luck. You can do this.
Again it takes time. 7 years ago I started noticing that I had a problem. And I wish I could put 7 years of sobriety on my badge but I can't. But I do look back and see all the phases and changes I've gone through. Everyone handles recovery differently but the first step is truly admitting you have a problem. I did go to AA but only after 2 years of saying"I'm scared to walk in that door" I knew I wanted the help but didn't want to be THAT person sitting in a smoke filled room with stale coffee and sob stories. Then i realized..oh my god that is me. And I'm a drunk. .Until I moved forward and accepted my problem nothing changed. I don't understand how my brain works either. I definitely fell into some kind of insanity 11 days ago that thought I NEEDED a drink or six. .AA got me started on the road to sobriety 5 years ago. But then I found other resources and also a good therapist as well as anti anxiety meds. It's amazing the changes I've made but it's taken me 5 years to get here. I won't go back to nonstop drinking again. Even when I fall it's about how fast you pick yourself up and keep moving. Ask your wife for help to talk to listen. I couldn't have done what I have over the last 7 years without my husband. Hang in there. 
