-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/175kl8/even_if_you_failjust_pick_yourself_up_and_try/

Last weekend I had one drink.  Just one but I could just feel my sense of accomplishment fade away as the guilt creeps in.  I wasn't around people who support my decision not to drink and they honestly don't think I have a problem.  I was extremely disappointed in myself but I went home  got some rest and the next day just started anew.  ..I'm accepting that its ok to fail and realizing how hard it is to completely stop drinking in a world where NOT drinking is seen as some sort of social blunder.  ..I just want to encourage anyone else out there that is struggling  or who has slipped up.  Even if you slipped a little bit or a lot you can always start again.  Don't listen to that voice telling you that you can't do it.  It's a liar.  
----------immediate responses--------

This is a very important reminder - slipping/relapsing is one thing but forgetting and removing the understanding you have a problem is another.  Anyone who is and knows has their foot in the door to a life of sobriety if he/she follows through.
Evening - sorry to hear of the lapse but in my attempt to be an optimist in recovery - I think it's impressive you found the strength to stop at 1.  It seems you've walked away with a lesson and although I would share that same sense of internal disappointment it's probably made your resolve stronger.  For myself I am still certain that a single drink would wind up in a multi-week bender.  ..Sorry as well to hear about your friends.  Perhaps it's me being in my 30s I've been lucky that most people seem supportive and don't try to push a drink.  I do hear a lot of "you're not an alcoholic" because I maintained a seemingly responsible life despite being drunk most of my waking hours.  ..I do have a question of definitions - in the community of recovering alcoholics is a sip or a full drink considered a "relapse"?  Will it forever be considered a relapse once you'd discovered you're a full blown alcoholic?  I'm 6 months sober with a life ahead of me and starting to realize the gig is up forever.
Some of the saddest lowest days of my existence have been the morning I wake up after breaking a good run of sobriety by drinking.  My first thought in the morning would be "I fucking got drunk last night".  Then comes the avalanche of regret and feeling like an absolute loser the self-doubt and self-pity...But all I can do is try to learn something from those slip-ups and hopefully not let them turn into another several solid years of drinking.. .I am excited for the day when my thoughts are not constantly tainted with thoughts of drinking.  I know I will only get there if I can put more and more time between me and my last drink.  This can only happen if I pick myself up after I slip.   ..Thanks for this post it is a good reminder for us.
"Even if you fail...just pick yourself up and try again" a very inspiring words.
Only ONE?? I hope it was not ONE bottle of vodka :-). I think a relapse is the worst thing about recovery. The next day is the most miserable ever. So happy you can come share this.. Best of luck!
I slipped and started again too.  Haven't slipped in nearly 18 years this go'round.
