-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/175vzc/i_got_a_mental_health_diagnosis_and_it_was_highly/

So the past month (and really past decade) I've been struggling with my mental health. I finally reached the end of my rope and got help. I've been diagnosed with bipolar depression (which I wasn't expecting and am not comfortable with yet) and an anxiety disorder (which I knew). I drink to get drunk usually on a weekly basis and if I am feeling anxious at night I will have anywhere from one to three drinks usually to try to relieve the feeling. I've gotten myself in stupid and dangerous situations before while drinking and I wanted to quit anyway - I can feel myself becoming dependent.  Anyway now that I am under a doctor's orders to stop drinking does anyone have pro tips on how to stay sober?
----------immediate responses--------

56 days doesn't exactly make me a pro but that's okay since my tip is as simple as it gets. You stay sober by not drinking. At all. Ever. Even when you're emotions feel overwhelming even when the stress seems unbearable. Call a friend join a recovery group or hit up r/stopdrinking for support advice or just to vent. There are solutions to your problems but CH3CH2OH isn't one of them and it never was...Good luck. You can do this.
Pro-tips? Unfortunately no...Like a lot of other things I wish were complicated not drinking is fairly straightforward. Also unfortunately I've got a terrible memory so I have to remind myself not to drink very often otherwise I'll get cocky and think I'm all better now and can start having a couple with the guys. So jog your memory I guess that's a pro-tip...Figure out why you've been drinking in the first place. Drinking was only great for me because being sober was miserable. My mind told me a lot of crazy things about myself and my life that kept me drinking and kept me drifting off in a self-centered delusion. Once I started to get a peek behind the curtain I was able to start piecing together a person who was truer to my own nature rather than what I thought I needed to be. If you drink you've got a curtain to peek behind too.
[deleted]
Trust and believe that if you address the mood disorder appropriately it'll remove your need for alcohol. The psycho-pharms are far more efficient at mood regulation than alcohol is. ..Be patient though - it may take awhile to find the right med combo. It helps if you are not drinking while you experiment and tweak your meds so you can figure out how they are affecting you. ..Also as others have pointed out here and there in this subreddit benzos are often used to help with alcohol withdrawal so don't be shy asking your doc to give you a benzo schedule for that. You really shouldn't mix benzo's with alcohol anyway -- be mindful of that! -- but I bet you'll find you don't need the alcohol because the benzo's work better on your evening anxiety. ..Good luck and check out r/bipolarreddit too. 
