-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/

An alcoholic is characterized by how they react to alcohol not by the type of bag around their bottles or their tendency to embark on movie-cliche-drunk behavior or the amount of cars they've wrecked or marriages they've ruined or jobs they've lost or nights spent in jail or on a park bench or amount they drink or the amount of time they've been drinking or anything else like that. ..An alcoholic is someone who experiences a fundamentally different reaction to alcohol than your "normal temperate" drinker. Once an alcoholic takes a drink the phenomenon of craving is set off. A physical compulsion and mental obsession for *more* kicks in after the first drink / drug. An alcoholic is someone whose body and mind react to alcohol in a way that makes it hard or impossible to stop once they've started or stay stopped when they put it down. ..This reaction to alcohol (and other mind altering drugs) is a fundamental part of the alcoholics mental and physical makeup. This phenomenon of craving does not disappear or fade over time. It doesn't go away if we go to detox or dry out for *X* number of days / weeks / months / years. It doesn't change if we switch up the type of booze we drink or the places we drink in or people we drink with. It doesn't go away if we start exercising or seeing a counselor or getting in touch with our inner feelings. It doesn't go away because we've finally gained the self knowledge to realize alcohol is causing us harm. The only defense we have against the power of the phenomenon of craving and the way our bodies and minds react to alcohol is to avoid puting the first drink or drug into our systems one day at a time. By doing this we are afforded a daily reprieve from the consequences booze has in store for us and that's all we can ever ask for. ..If you think all alcoholics are skid row bums or regularly embark on Hunter S. Thompson style escapades go check out a few AA meetings in the wealthy part of your nearest city or it's affluent suburbs. And if you think you don't qualify as an alcoholic because your brain is running around in circles on overtime to come up with justifications and excuses and more palatable terms like "problem drinker" I've got news for you: Non-alcoholics don't spend any time at all wondering if they prefer the term "problem drinker" over "alcoholic." That kind of thinking is the mental part of your disease working its magic to push you back towards a drink because *you were never really that bad*. ..Minimization justification denial - these are the mental tricks your alcoholism uses against you. Alcoholism may be the most insidious enemy you have yet faced because it speaks to you in your own voice and thoughts. Your best defense against these kinds of mental stumbling blocks is to get honest and familiar with your own story. This is one of the biggest reasons why people in AA tell their story again and again even after years of sobriety. By taking a good long hard look at our established track record with drugs and alcohol and then getting honest about it to another sober alcoholic we learn more about ourselves than we ever would mulling it over in our own head. Because that's where my alcoholism lives - in my head in my thoughts - and if I give it a chance it will quickly manipulate and justify my history of drinking into a convincing argument for that most dangerous lie: *"I was never really that bad."* If you have a proven track record of drugs and alcohol causing problems in your life but are struggling to find reasons or ways to avoid the label of "alcoholic" that's the lie you need to be worried about. Because as soon as you start believing it you're going to be drinking again. And if it wasn't "that bad" before the progressive nature of alcoholism is sure to make all those *"but I haven't done _______ yet"*'s come true. ..I'm Dave and I *am* an alcoholic. 
----------immediate responses--------

this is an amazing post.  i hope it reaches those who need it...i was moved by the part of Non Alcoholics and the labeling of being a problem drinker or alcoholic. ..I'm jeremy and i'm an an alcoholic.
This is great. Think this is the #1 thing people struggle with at first along with (atleast for those new to AA) the word "powerless". Powerless describes the reaction of the alcoholic brain to the effects of alcohol. It does not mean one is mentally weak or lacks self control. It is similar to a diabetic being powerless over their reaction to sugar. ..I remember sobbing hysterically when I realized I might be an alcoholic. Now I think its good news. I spent years seeing various therapists psychiatrists and on as many different medications as you of think of. None of the diagnoses (bi polar borderline depressive anxiety disorder) ever quite fit until I tried admitting to alcoholism. It fit perfectly. And the good news is its totally manageable and I know what I have to do to do manage it. Boom. Easy. Now I can get on with the rest of my life.  ..My name is Jamie and I'm an alcoholic :) 
Anyone who hasn't gotten step one should read this. Thanks for posting this.
This is fantastic.  Thank you for sharing.
Even before my accepting of the fact that I was an alcoholic or me thinking that it was a problem I likened my first drink as a bit flipping and I was off to the races.  ..I had no control or ability to stop.  My only mission was to get the next drink.  ..Being a "tough" guy it was difficult for me to accept that I was weak and couldn't do it alone.  The hardest part in my journey was accepting......   And I mean truly accepting that I was an alcoholic.  ..As long as I don't take that first drink the twelfth one will never come...Thank you for the post.  
Thanks Dave.  You hit the nail on the head. If you don't mind I'm going to forward a copy of this to my home group mailing list credit to strange sobriety of course.
Great post. It's funny I remember reading some of your earlier posts a while back glad you seem have come a long way and really "get it" now. 
What a fantastic post. After going to my first AA meeting yesterday (well not my first EVER... but first in many years and the first one I actually liked and resonated with) and ironically it being in a affluent area it really opened my eyes. ..Having to announce myself and say I was an alcoholic was so hard.. I choked up and could barely get it out. I didn't share any of my story or anything else but other people could tell how hard it was for me to take that first step to get myself there and came up and hugged me at the end of the meeting...I always tried to convince myself for so long that I was never really that bad.. and that yeah I drank a lot.. but yeah I WAS that bad. Each time I would say I'm just going to have 1 as soon as that first one went down I wanted another and another and another and another. It never ended...My name is Kate and I'm an alcoholic.
Thanks for this. As a "high functioning" alchoholic the hardest part has been recognizing that I have a problem. Well that was the hardest part until I actually tried to stop drinking.
Well anecdotal confirmation: I am not an alcoholic. Occasionally I go to really terrible parties and i have this craving experience occasionally after a really stressful day I have it. When I have a drink at home on an ordinary day or am hanging out with people I know and love I want one or two...But that doesn't mean I don't worry or self evaluate carefully. Minimization justification and denial could characterize what i wrote above too.
I'm saving this to remember in the future thanks!
WOW wow wow. That was so well put. I hope that post reaches someone who needs it. I'm Jackee and I'm a compulsive overeater and drug addict.
&gt;Non-alcoholics don't spend any time at all wondering if they prefer the term "problem drinker" over "alcoholic."..I love this man. Non-alcoholics never ever wonder if they're alcoholics.
My first post on this subreddit was literally asking what the difference between a "problem drinker" and an "alcoholic" was. I realized pretty quickly after posting it that I was only trying to get justification that I may not be an alcoholic. I thought maybe if I was just a problem drinker it would be something I could eventually fix.  Well I know now that I'm an alcoholic and that means I really cannot drink ever again simple as that.  Also I think it doesn't matter much anyways. If alcohol negatively effects your life or you think you might be an alcoholic you might as well quit. It's just not worth the trouble.
This. This is amazing and what I've felt but couldn't put into words. Thank you. 
Only by admitting that I had a problem was I able to find the solution. .My name is pair-o-dice_found and I am an alcoholic. 
[deleted]
Like AA's Big Book points out (not pushing AA here).."...These observations would be academic and pointless if our friend never took the first drink thereby setting the terrible cycle in motion. Therefore the main problem of the alcoholic centers in his mind rather than in his body. If you ask him why he started on that last bender the chances are he will offer you any one of a hundred alibis. Sometimes these excuses have a certain plausibility but none of them really makes sense in the light of the havoc an alcoholic's drinking bout creates. They sound like the philosophy of the man who having a headache beats himself on the head with a hammer so that he can't feel the ache. If you draw this fallacious reasoning to the attention of an alcoholic he will laugh it off or become irritated and refuse to talk. Once in a while he may tell the truth. And the truth strange to say is usually that he has no more idea why he took that first drink than you have. Some drinkers have excuses with which they are satisfied part of the time. But in their hearts they really do not know why they do it. Once this malady has a real hold they are a baffled lot. There is the obsession that somehow someday they will beat the game. But they often suspect they are down for the count."..However......"There is a solution. Almost none of us liked the self-searching the leveling of our pride the confession of shortcomings which the process requires for its successful consummation. But we saw that it really worked in others and we had come to believe in the hopelessness and futility of life as we had been living it. When therefore we were approached by those in whom the problem had been solved there was nothing left for us but to pick up the simple kit of spiritual tools laid at out feet. We have found much of heaven and we have been rocketed into a fourth dimension of existence of which we had not even dreamed."..I too am dave and I'm an alcoholic.
Thanks for this. I have been wrestling with this thought. I decided i didnt want to wait for something REALLY bad to happen. It's that feeling of "more" that is where I finally had to admit that I was afraid of where that path would lead. Nothing good was coming of my drinking "habits".
  Well again by this definition I'm not an alcoholic.  I scored about 20/40 on the test here.   The more I drink the less I want to drink.  It was just a habit and a bad on at that. . I still need help to keep off of it.  Too much is certainly bad for my health.  But places like AA where you HAVE to be an alcoholic to feel comfortable there are of no use to me.  .
God fucking damnit I have read this post nine times in the past two hours.  I hate it but it speaks to me.  Why am I still struggling with Step One and all of its connotations? Fuck....fuck....fuck.  Ugh.  .
This post just inspired me to look up meetings in my area and find one that's in 25 minutes.  Going to my first meeting ever.  Thank you.
The thing with most people unfamiliar with alcoholism is that it is far more frequently associated with negative connotations.  When combined with the fact that it is a life-long prognosis one travels through society with the stigma of semi-pariah status compared to those who've never suffered.  In my experiences at least someone is a "recovered addict" in the past tense but one is always an "alcoholic" - even when in recovery - for the rest of their lives.  What I'm trying to say is that the label "alcoholic" goes further than that of "addict" in its permanence and social implications (in the humility of my opinion)...But what you said is extremely well-put.  Thank you very much...I am an alcoholic but I am also Daniel.  I am learning what it is to be both.
[deleted]
Bam.
[deleted]
The A word was a big obstacle for me. I finally decided I could think of myself as a person who really had to stop drinking do so and sort out if I am an alcoholic later. The longer I go without a drink the more comfortable I have become thinking of myself as an alcoholic. 
I'm ipoopgreatness and I'm an alcoholic.
I'm moved by the time it took to write this post. Thank you. I personally did not find it helpful. I don't care about whatever label is given to my need to drink. I need some suggestions for how to stop. How to get to work and not panic about when my next drink will come from. to not feel the crushing guilt of seeing my friends and family hope i get better. Alcoholism is not about craving. Its about needing alcohol to get through a relatively uneventful morning. It's about being malnourished but unable to eat. A rose by any other name will still prick you. .I'm Pav and i'm a fucking drunk. 
**Excellent post**..really hit the mark!..That's how my inner alcoholic voice feels right now after reading your post: http://i.imgur.com/VbKAxbF.png
Ohhh... oh. :/
Really great post. Hits home for me. On average I only used to drink twice a week but when I did I couldn't stop. I would keep drinking and drinking well after blacking out every single time. Sure I wasn't an alcoholic in the sense of drinking all day every day but I was sure an alcoholic. I still am. It was getting worse and worse and the amount of alcohol I was consuming in a single binge was just ridiculous. Haven't had a drink in 11 days and don't plan on ever having one again.
Excellent post!
[deleted]
This is some unsettling stuff for me. I don't like it one bit.
An uncomfortable post. I won't lie I honestly wish I hadn't read this.  ..Nothing against you or anything it's just......I don't know. 
[deleted]
&gt; Non-alcoholics don't spend any time at all wondering if they prefer the term "problem drinker" over "alcoholic." ..Bleagh. See this is what I think and I assume I'm an alcoholic. I get that physical and mental compulsion to just drink more whatever it takes swigging from a bottle of vodka when my friends aren't looking. Worrying that the box of wine is almost empty though there's about 4-5 servings left. Thinking about where the closest gas station is to get more...But I only get like that a few times a year. The rest of the time I can have a beer a glass of wine or two and be done with it and sit happy. Which goes against everything I've read about alcoholism...I feel powerless a few times and it makes me hate myself. I've driven drunk a few times and afterwards it feels like I was possessed and unable to control myself such a crash of self loathing.
Wonderful post. Thank you for writing this. 
I am just now getting the courage up to admit that I am an alcoholic...I work in a veils that prevents me from being able to go to meetings..I don't know what to do...when I am off work I start drinking early like 9:00am..I nap then fix dinner ..trying to hide it...I only drink once a week but I always drink until I pass out...I have had this problem for years...I hide alcohol &amp;have found wine or beer hidden in my bathroom and didn't even remember hiding it.of course as soon as I find it I have to drink it...I don't drink daily &amp;I don't get the shakes etc...but I ono its a problem..as stated before a non alcoholic never wonders if they are an alcoholic...I need help I just don't ono how to get it 
This sounsd like AA ideology. They think making you feel weak helps. I think it is bullshit. I will never say "I am an alcoholic" because it sounds like saying "I am weak" and fuck that. We don't get motivated by less pride we get motivated by more pride. I don't see the value in meetings either. I would never have achieved anything in my life if I had not felt that I am better than most people and this just goes against the grain of it. All I need to do is to find something else to do at home on evenings and weekends that is all maybe I will start watching TV shows or something (videogames bore my as of late) then I will just gather my strength and do it the same way I did other hard stuff before.
"Alcoholism is the most insidious because it lies to us with our own thoughts and words"
*tears in my eyes* as I read this and realize that this is me. This is going to be printed out and laminated and kept as a reminder of my truth. I think parts of it might also help other people who can drink normally to understand what it feels like to be an alcoholic just a thought. thank you for your wise words and another "Aha" moment in my journey. .
I am really glad you posted this.  Super informative.  Thank you a lot.
Summed up my situation better than I could ever.
It may not be everyone's cup of tea but I find that video games are an excellent way to distract myself from drinking. 
i love balls
