-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17lh8p/i_was_almost_tricked/

Well guys as some of you have read my recent posts it seems like month 5 has been a challenge. A challenge because I have made it so little thoughts keep entering my mind that I can control it now. But I have soldiered through...Well I have a friend who quit drinking shortly after I did. And we stopped drinking for different reasons. Neither of us has said" I am never drinking again." So when she told me she drank for the first time on a business trip I was not upset or disappointed in her. And she admitted that she enjoyed it but does not want to go back to drinking like she did. She wants to just drink on special occasions. She has not drank since she has been home. Cool...Well last night I attended a play for the first time since I stopped drinking. "Freud's Last Sessions" at the Cincinnati Ensemble Theatre. Check it out if you are in the area. It was a gorgeous night and I was withing walking distance from the theatre so it was a treat to take the walk. I enter into the theatre and suddenly I am filled with desire for a glass of wine. Oh wine. One of the reasons I stopped drinking was because my last year consisted of me drinking at LEAST a bottle most nights almost 2 every night. On the weekends I would wake up at 6 am finish what i had left while relaxing with the tv take a nap then get up go to the liquor store and replinish my supply for the remainder of the weekend. Dear Lord. Enough is enough right? Um yes. All that to say I love wine and I have not had any in 5mths. So here I am dressed up on this beautiful evening excited to watch a thought provoking play...and I.Wanted. Wine. ..So here comes the voices." You have been so good its a special occasion." " It is a slippery slope Lora." " My friend did it and seems okay." "You are not your friend. You are Lora. You spent 17 years completely distracted by alcohol. Your mom is a severe alcoholic. YOu have not had a relationship with her in a decade because she is drunk all the time. She tried to quit so many times and failed. Each relapse made her drinking even worse. It is in your genes. Your dad abuses hard core drugs. It is in your genes."..I text my best friend since I was 16 to tell her I was thinking about it. Spent some time texting her. I text my friend who recently drank on her business trip. She advises thatif I am at all hesitant not to do it. And then tells me how good I have been. I then ask her this" Since you drank on the business trip now that you are home do you find yourself wanting it again."..Her answer " Yes but I know I need to keep it in check so I have not."..And with that response I chose to NOT drink. I look over to see a coffee pot poured a cup and just having the cup in my hand coupled with her last response was all I needed...And this is what her response meant to me...The first couple of months all I did was think about not drinking. All the activities were new to me because I was experiencing them for the first time without drinking. Aside from the holidays and the 5 month challenge for the most part I am finally at a place where NOT drinking is normal for me. If a glass of wine while watching a play will possibly send me back to having to remind myself daily not to drink then forget it it is not even worth it. ..Success!
----------immediate responses--------

Yay!  Good for you!
Wow that's some amazing resolve.  Great job!
You are amazing. Keep it up don't go back to it...It will not taste as good it will not feel as good and you'll regret it immediately after. We're here for you :)
that was one hell of a temptation congratulations for making the decision you didnt regret in the morning
That is awesome! Well done! I certainly don't miss all the anxiety around trying not to drink too much. Much easier and relaxing to not drink at all.
Go to the play looking amazing stay amazing all night long way to go bluekitty
&gt; If a glass of wine while watching a play will possibly send me back to having to remind myself daily not to drink then forget it it is not even worth it...Great insight and an awesome reminder to me. Avoiding the rekindling of the compulsion is a HUGE reason to avoid drinking. Even if I'm "successful" in  a single outing why the hell would I want to restart the exhausting daily conversation with myself? No thanks...Nice job.
Good for you!  Very inspiring account.
Maybe it will be helpful to confront your brain the next time it tries to convince you to have a glass of wine. Your brain is lying. It does not want "a glass of wine" - it wants *at least* a bottle! What the hell does one glass of wine do for you anyway? Let's be serious: We're after a drunk not a drink. 
Nice job.  Keep strong alcoholism *lies.*
This is amazing. The fact that you go through all these emotions about wine and that you write about it. The fact that we all gather around to read these stories share the emotions and then write comments. All this proves two things: it's pretty clear that we are alcoholics and it's also reassuring that we can do something about it by supporting one another. Feels good. Thanks for sharing. 
