-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17v40b/day_6_here_this_is_starting_to_seem_too_easy_and/

The first 2 days were very tough but now on day 6 I feel I can keep this up forever. Sure I still think about drinking constantly but the thoughts are very easy to push out of my mind. I haven't gone to AA meetings since Friday. I am worried that this sense of confidence could be my downfall into relapse. Any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

Go to a meeting...By meeting I mean talk to another alcoholic either at a formal meeting [my choice] or a simple conversation...The wider the base the higher the wall.
Hi sobersally.."Don't get cocky kid." "Stay on target." and whatever other Star Wars quotes are appropriate...I think it is okay that things are going easy for you.  They went easier for me than they have for a lot of other folks.  But one thing I recommend is to guard against thoughts along the lines of: "I'm okay now I can handle *one* drink."  because that right there is a big fat lie and lots of us suckers have fallen for it.  One drink becomes two becomes ten becomes another ten years drunk...I also expect you are enjoying a sense of euphoria that seems to come to most of us after we slough off the withdrawals.  As this fades be ready for some less than rosy feelings.  Do not use them as an excuse to begin drinking again...Be well.
This is a pink cloud. It will pass and you better damn well hope you've built a strong enough foundation when it passes or you'll be right back to the bottle. I made it about 30 days sober out of detox before I started drinking again and it picked up right where it left off. I started feeling a little better and got cocky. Alcohol brought me to my knees again within two weeks. It was only then that I started to take AA seriously. You can skip the pain of that by building a strong foundation and I'd highly recommend doing just that. Because if you do pick up again you may not make it back for years if at all. 
As you'll learn in AA Alcoholism starts in the mind not the body. (Doctor's Opinion)..Being worried is your natural defense to something new. ..If you have a sponsor call him/her. If you don't get your hand up at meetings and start telling the group you need one NOW...Start going through the book and your worries will disappear...In the Big Book there are PROMISES you can look forward to...Look on pages 83 and 84. ..Do the program and you'll be fine...I hope you never drink again. 
What worked very well for me was to get involved in services within AA. I focused on the two groups I prefered (I could not get myself to make a choice!) and attended the monthly business meetings. I got involved by agreeing to certain tasks. I went through most of them from preparing coffee to cleaning up -- up to being secretary and even president (I just ended a one-year term)...It is interesting because you get to meet other members over non-alcohol related issues such as logistics or supplies. Of course the topic of sobriety usually comes back through the back door and it always makes for special and enjoyable occasions. It also changes the dynamics of your relationship with AA because all of a sudden you get yourself more blended into the groups...I Also made some very good friends along the way. You might like this.
Hi sobersally. Congratulations on the 6 days. That's really a big deal...Like you I didn't really have that hard of a time quitting. I was pretty far in so physical withdrawal really did a number on me but after that I was actually in ok shape. I went to AA to help avoid relapse but that's been the extent of any serious suffering. It's not something I offer up because it's not really helpful to most people but that's been my journey...In some ways I wonder if people like us don't have it a little tougher staying sober. I'm regularly bedeviled by the thought that "maybe I'm not really alcoholic" because I don't crave alcohol all the time anymore. Never mind that what I do crave when I crave is the sort of satisfaction that only a couple of twelve packs can bring. Never mind that I've drunk so much in my life as to have sustained semi-permanent nerve damage. To my alcoholic mind the fact that I'm not hopeless is just an invitation to keep pushing it...My advice to you is to make sure and not forget why you quit. In a somewhat related vein you need to also make sure not to compare yourself to other drinkers. Keep your focus on *your* problem and why *you* ended up quitting. So long as I'm not thinking about other people's drinking I know what I need to be doing. It's only when I start to think of my experiences in terms of others that I get off my beam.
Go to another meeting my friend.
[deleted]
Why have you quit?  Do you continue to have good reasons to stay sober?  
What happened to your 90 in 90 you said you were doing?
Set yourself a goal to go along with quitting drinking. I decided to work out every day and I know if I drink I will be to hungover to work out the next day. Go to an AA meeting every day if you can. I also recommend going out to places where people do stuff other than drinking. Try looking at a local college They have a lot of great programs with fun stuff to do :) Keep it up!
That is your brain getting a relief. That feeling is awesome but do not avoid meetings for any reason. I am sure you still had work and school when you were drinking and you never missed those "meetings". One thing I have learnt about my many relapses is that I subconsciously plan for it. At one point after a long period of sobriety I decide that I am completely healed from alcoholism and decide to give the bottle one last try. Then I go down that nasty road again. Do not prepare for a relapse prepare for more sobriety.
Shit -- I'm in the middle of day 3 now for the first time in over 20 years... fucking terrible. I hope it's better on day 6. Good work.
