-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17yh6k/virgin_sobriety/

Forgive the salacious title.  This is my first time going the sober route.  I keep reading here and other places about people's lapses/slips/relapses and hearing that they are a normal part of he recovery process.  But the stories make me fearful.  Currently I feel confident that I have made the right choice and I feel committed.  But folks who have lapsed/slipped/relapsed felt confident and committed too...Does anyone get and stay sober on the first try?  Is there a relationship (direct or inverse) between the "severity" of a person's drinking and their success? ..Is it reasonable to assume (hope) that I can do this without backsliding?  Any stories out there?
----------immediate responses--------

As someone who's tried and failed multiple times I can say that generally when I've tried in the past I haven't been mentally ready to quit.  I really knew before I even started that it wasn't going to be forever.  I always hoped I could just be a moderate - casual drinker.  ..As I start on the path of sobriety this time I feel like I'm mentally prepared to do this forever.  I'm still going to take it one day at a time but I'm not hoping that I'll "be cured" and be able to be a casual drinker anymore.  I think that's a big part of the difference between people who are successful and those who aren't..From what I've seen sometimes the more severe drinkers actually have better chances for success because they've hit a harder bottom than maybe some people who're "trying" to quit instead of just quitting...I think it's perfectly reasonable to assume you can do this without backsliding.  In fact it's a requirement.  If you don't believe in yourself then it won't happen.  If you can truly honestly say that you're ready to give up drinking and that you want to give up drinking and that you will make giving it up a priority then you can definitely do it.  .I finally feel like I can say yes to those questions and so I finally feel like this time I stand a good chance..Good luck with it!
You have a legitimate question. I think it takes a while to figure out what the notion of time has to do with recovery. AA uses the formula "one day at a time". We have all tried different formulas (never on weekdays never alone never two days in a row and so forth). It did not work and here we are sharing in this forum (could be worst btw...). There is no easy answer but let me share my experience on this...The reason why I am able not to drink today is mostly because I did not drink yesterday. If I had I know that I would currently be fighting alcohol like hell or most probably would have already given up and would be drinking. Decades of experience tells me that. I had a moment of grace a certain moment and I took the opportunity to break the drinking cycle. Say thanks to God or Papa Smurf. Now it's up to me...Knowing that I know that if I don't drink today (like from now to midnight) the odds are pretty good that tomorrow I will not drink. I am not 100 % sure but I have a fighting chance. And as months and even years go by the more you are sure. But there is always a litle doubt that remains. Like the pilot that stays on even when the gaz is turned off. In my experience the day an alcoholic forgets about his condition is the day he gets in the danger zone..
I lasted for a month on my previous "try" but I did it with no support and no investigation into what I was doing.  In the end it was the "I'm okay now I can handle a drink or two" fallacy that was my undoing.  It took about seven more years of drinking before I surfaced again.  Now I am armed with knowledge and support and plan to stay above the surface...There is no reason why someone can't get sober the first try but there are many reasons why many don't. 
[deleted]
Yes stayed sober on the first try. So far anyway. One day at a time. Went to detox inpatient treatment active AA involvement. I was so scared of relapse that if my sponsor said "Jump" I said "How high?" I was hungry for recovery...Started with and never lost an absolute total to-the-core-of-my-being respect for the power of alcohol and its ability to destroy my life. ..
I'm on my first time. I was drinking all day for about four years drinking daily for at least 15. I quit because of medical problems and was scared shitless of relapse so I started going to AA. That got me started on a path that I'm proud to call my own.
It's true that most everyone has tried to quit &amp; failed. I've woken up thinking "I'm quitting today" only to be drinking by 6pm at least 1000 times. But I don't think it's fair to say that relapses are a "normal" part of recovery.  Relapses are sign that you're doing something wrong. If you're doing things right you can see a relapse coming &amp; take action to head it off...I seem to ruffle some feathers around here every time I talk about this.  It's just that I sometimes get the sense that people use the "relapse is a normal part of recovery" mantra as an *excuse* to relapse.  Relapse isn't a normal part of recovery any more than driving through San Francisco is a normal part of driving from Chicago to St. Louis. Yeah you can do it and still get there but it's not the preferred route. I don't think people should be waking up in SF saying "oh well I guess that's part of it" they should be asking "How can I get a better map?"
Short answer; yes.  Relapse is not a requirement.
