-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/186xa9/90_day_checkin/

Hey All.In all the previous times I quit I relapsed within 2 weeks. Usually 10-14 days but sometimes as quickly as 3 days. THIS time I felt no pain. It has been great so far and in 90 days I have felt zero desire to drink. On perhaps 2-3 days I did *think* about drinking but came nowhere close to yearning for it...I have been mulling this over the past two years. Trying to understand what's going wrong and why it's so tough to stick to the decision. The answer FOR ME is that I never truly accepted that a) There is absolutely nothing good to be gained by drinking alcohol b) At no point in time would I want to go back to drinking because of a) and lastly c) I have the power to change things for my own betterment. ..I have been to a few social engagements where alcohol was served. No worries there. I hosted two events at home but served no alcohol. I was quite apprehensive how that will go but it went really well. All my friends didn't ask anything and nobody seemed to be out of sorts because there was no alcohol. My wife just sent out a note to everyone that no alcohol will be served and everyone was fine with that...I wish everyone the best. I'm still only 90 days into this so I hope I can stay the course as well. My next check-in will be at 365 days...thanks and cheers to healthy living JZ :)
----------immediate responses--------

Killer man! ..I hit 90 days 10 days ago and it felt great. It was also remarkably easier than I thought it would be. In the past I've made the usual promises to myself (e.g. no drinks on weeknights except Thursday and Friday only wine only beer no bars only three no booze for a week etc.). They always ended in failure. ..This time I grabbed it by the horns. "NOT A DROP FOR A MONTH" I said. Concurrently I started working out playing squash and focusing on my career. The net benefits were immense. The fat started disappearing and the shoulders started popping out. After 30 I was like "Fuck this shit" and I kept going. The benefits continue to accrue at an alarming rate. I'm down 20 pounds I've got so much time and my life is alarmingly better. I am in control for the first time in a very long time. ..Like you I realize that there is no upside to drinking alcohol.  Sure I could have "two beer". But I now know that I have never once in my fucking life wanted "two beer". I don't get drunk off two beer and that's my real goal. Numbers one and two are the prelude to numbers 12 and 13 which is what I'm really after. Given that I'm now cognizant of how that detrimentally affects my life I have zero desire to do it. ..&gt;I hope I can stay the course as well..That is 100% up to you.  I know you can do it. 
[deleted]
Fair play to you. Every day is a success.  Glad to hear your wife is supporting you.  Good luck.
