-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18b814/four_ounces_of_courage_part_2/

After my second relapse I decided to start writing a first person prose story about my struggle with alcohol addiction and quitting. I was reading the stories in the back of the big book and a book called Terry - by McGovern who inspired me to start writing on my struggle in first person as it is so hard to understand what happens inside the mind of an alcoholic who relapses and continues to relapse despite all of the logic that points to the benefits of abstaining...PART 1: http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/180xlq/personal_story_on_my_struggle_with_sobriety_in/....**Delivery**..	My body rustled under the twisted damned sheets on my mattress on the floor. ..I lived in my Moms basement. It was too early to start the day whatever it might consist of but it was never too early to start drinking in the depths of a relapse when your mind has lost sense of what time or day it is. I knew it was the beginning of 2013 and I'd started drinking sometime around Christmas but none of that mattered. I'd gotten someone to fill in my shift at my part time job so I could just keep drinking. I'd saved up barely enough to keep the drinking going through the vacation but I knew if I really needed it my mother would always be there to supply me with my favorite medicine...I'd gotten pretty good at developing a memory of the inventory of the amount of alcohol I had left hidden in my room. I didn't hide it too far away from where I would sleep. Sometimes I'd sleep with a full bottle of vodka close to my pillow and wake up in the middle of the night to shift my weight and clasp the bottle and hold it up to the light to make sure it was there and it was full most of the time. There would always be at least enough for a morning drink to wait for the liquor store to open or for the delivery guy to get to the house if I couldn't muster the strength to get to the store. That morning was a delivery morning...I pushed myself into a sitting position and reached around me with my hands feeling for a bottle of wine. This time I thought I'd stick to wine. Wine was less potent than vodka and less likely to have the same effect of essentially driving me insane as the last relapse. Wine was fine  It would do if I had enough of it. I never had enough of it...I found a bottle at the foot of the mattress. Empty. I found another empty under the mattress against the wall. I stood up and started to panic a bit. I could have sworn there was at least a little bit of wine left somewhere anywhere. I looked at the time. It was about 5:30 AM. Way too long before the liquor store opened. I thought about scavenging through the house for my mother's wine which she'd begun to hide in new and elaborate places so I wouldn't find it. That was her way of being a good parent to me...I reached deep under my desk and found it. A 1.5 liter bottle of white wine about half full. That would do until the delivery service opened. I immediately poured a water glass full and took my first big sip then I went upstairs to grab some ice so I could taste the lukewarm wine less. The less I could taste it the faster I could drink it...The sun rose and I couldn't quite focus. I wasn't really enjoying myself. I found that my mind was starting to play tricks on me. I'd feel a wave of anxiety come and go no matter how much I drank. I'd turn on a video to watch and as I would watch it my mind would wander to endless worries about how I was ever going to stop again what people at work thought about me or if I'd be able to stay awake in time to get the delivery. I'd wonder when I should sleep or if I could sleep how much water I might need to make it through the night. ..When the clock hit 9AM I had my phone ready to dial the only number I had memorized.  Speedy's delivery!  It was like calling a dealer. No judgment and fast straightforward booze to your door...It would usually take about 20 minutes for them to get to the door but after I had finished the last of the bottle and was starting to get ancy I would walk upstairs to check if anyone was home or awake. I wanted them to arrive and leave incognito. I even considered calling them to drop it off at the house two doors down so I could trudge out there in the snow and wait to collect it so no one would know I had 3 liters of wine entering the house. I even considered calling to order four large bottles instead of two because why bother needing to call tomorrow? Over the months of daily alcohol purchasing I'd learned that no matter how much I bought the next day I'd always think I needed more to last at least through the next morning when the going got tough...My mother was up and walking around the house. I really didn't want her to know. She'd gotten fed up with me calling ambulances and reaching out to my cousins for help during my last relapse. She wanted me to be in better shape to go on the trip to last through the flight. The doorbell rang...I ran to the door and opened it and closed the door behind me.  Hi! White wine?  I asked politely...He set his bag down on the ground and took my debit card.  Okay that's two citra's 1.5 liters   The front door flew open and my mother walked out in a rage... No! No alcohol to my son! You will not sell alcohol to him! I am his mother and this is my house it's 11 AM and this will NOT happen!  She screamed. I was caught in the most pathetic situation in my life. 25 years old in my pajamas at 11 am living with my mother telling a booze delivery guy not to sell me wine... I have to buy it!  I reasoned with her.  He ALREADY PURCHASED it from the store! It's been ordered! It's a service! .. I can always return it...  The man said... You buy this wine you can move out right now.  She said. She didn't think of it this way and I didn't know it at the time but she was actually saving my ass...The delivery man gave me a long silent look of disgust.  Get clean guy.  He took the wine away the one thing that I needed now to kick the feeling of self-loathing at my pathetic situation. I went back inside... Fine! I'll quit! But I don't want to go through fucking withdrawals again! I need valium or something. I'm going to be sick I'm going to be vomiting and I won't be able to get on that flight. I can get it in Thailand and I Thought I'd wait till I get there to get sober!  I was hyperventilating and considering getting my shoes on and trudging 2 miles in the snow to get to the liquor store. I forgot taxi's existed. I started to put my shoes on... Justin you're sick! You are killing yourself! .. I just need to calm down! I just wanted that wine just for today just to get through so I could get on that fight and make it on the trip and quit there where I can get what I need to get through withdrawals  ..My mom thought for a moment.  If I give you one glass of wine. ONE glass of wine right now will you promise me you'll make it on the trip with me? I spent 2000 dollars on that flight. You're coming with me. .. Yes. Yes I will.  She gave me a water glass full of wine with ice... Okay that's it then. You can have that and  and we'll get Valium in Thailand then. And you can stop there. ..I took the wine to my room and immediately thought about my game plan to get to the liquor store. In my room I gulped the wine down put my winter boots on took my back pack and proceeded up the stairs towards the front door... Justin!  She saw me as I opened the front door.  Where are you going? .. I'm walking. .. Where? .. I'm walking to the L.C.B.O. .. If you go out that door there won't be a home for you here anymore. .. Then what am I supposed to do? I'm gonna start shaking soon I'm going to need medical attention! I can't do this cold turkey! It's dangerous given the amount that I've been consuming daily!  I shut the door and walked back inside and sat down.  God damn it what do I do? ..My brother looked at me from across the room he was just waking up.  How long has it been since you've been  I mean I've seen you you've been drunk for three days now. That's seriously fucked up! .. Yeah! I'm gonna die if I stop drinking dramatically right now! I'm so scared. This is fucking scary. .. And now you are going to just walk two miles to the liquor store in the snow  You're ridiculous man. .. It's either that or the hospital or rehab and I might not make it on the trip.  My mother needed me to go on that trip. She wanted to escape her life so bad but couldn't do it alone... Then we're going to the hospital. Right now.  That was the first time my mom really took strong action directly at the problem. A few minutes ago she was giving me a glass of wine to tide me over and now she was giving me a choice: get dropped off at the emergency room or be homeless...I didn't know where else to go. I didn't know how to stop if I had stayed home and I didn't know if I even needed medical attention. For whatever the reason whether I needed to or not I went to the emergency room and got in line to wait to see a doctor. To say what? To say I can't trust myself anymore? To say I'm afraid terrible things will happen if I stop? To get Valium? Yes  That's what they'd give me lots of valium I hoped...NEXT PART: http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18f6z0/four_ounces_of_courage_part_3/%5B3%5D.
----------immediate responses--------

Very compelling.  You are a great writer.
Thank you for your writing! I hope you will share more installments. It's a harsh thing the events that take place in our minds while in the throws of drink. I know my internal dialogue and how fucked up it gets. This is a good reminder lest I forget!.
Hey man really enjoyed that. Good stuff. 
