-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18maru/when_did_life_become_fulfilling/

Hi all tomorrow is eight weeks without a single drink. (Okay on accident I had a sip of a vodka tonic because I wasn't looking at what drink I was grabbing) I had given myself some idea that at this point it would be great somehow I would find meaning in everything! And life would be beautiful! It is harder than ever. My relationships are struggling now more than ever before and personal mental issues are becoming almost unbearable. My schedule is making is really difficult to find professional help not only that but just having a hard time finding openings for new clients. .Back on track here though. How long did it take for others to get 'better'? I don't really think about drinking honestly sometimes I just get jealous that I simply can't enjoy a stiff one like those around me. I just can't seem to find anything positive since I stopped drinking and I thought that would be the case. .Any feedback is greatly appreciated thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Well all of the things you're mentioning were there when you were drinking but you were also adding the damage and burdens of alcohol to the mix.  You're just more aware of things now and can fix them...You used to have time to drink and to deal with hangovers so you should have time to do more than you did before.  If you're really overwhelmed maybe you should cut down on some of your activities so you can focus on what you need or at least have less stress..
Do you think you might be able to find an hour to check in on an AA meeting? Lunchtime meetings are very popular. The sorts of stress you're describing are things that a lot of former drinkers face. I bet you that if you go in and just listen for an hour you'll feel at least a little better. My standard wager is a can of turtle wax and I have yet to lose.
&gt; I just get jealous that I simply can't enjoy a stiff one like those around me. ..Are you sure about that?  Are you sure you have a valid reference point?..What I mean by that is... OK there was this 80's TV show called [Alien Nation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alien_Nation_(1989_TV_series)).  Aliens came &amp; lived on Earth the writers got to do commentary on social/racial issues without actually talking about race it was grand.  Now these aliens because of their different chemistry &amp; all didn't drink alcohol.  Alcohol had no effect on them.  Which I think makes no sense from an organic matter standpoint but what do I know.  Instead of alcohol these aliens got drunk on sour milk.  A human would drink sour milk &amp; feel a little sick but an alien he'd drink that stuff like it was whiskey...This is getting a little twisted.  I should probably just delete that whole Alien Nation example but I'm leaving it there because it was a quality show and people should be reminded of it.  ..OK. My point: when your friends "enjoy a stiff one" it is nothing like when *you* enjoy a stiff one.  They don't feel the same way that *you* feel when you drink.  Alcohol has a different effect on your mind &amp; body than it does on theirs.  So you're jealous of a feeling that they're not even experiencing.  You're not jealous of them for being able to have one drink you're upset that you can't get drunk...If I hear that someone is having one drink I think "Why would anyone want to have just one drink? What's the point?"  I drank to get drunk.  Not to enjoy one drink.  If there are people out there who enjoy having "a" drink and not getting buzzed or tipsy or out of their mind drunk I have to admit I have no idea what they're talking about..."I hope they find a cure for alcoholism then I'll be able to drink all day long."..Don't be jealous of others for their being able to drink.  It's a different thing.  If you could drink like they can you wouldn't even want to.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank you all for the feedback. I think I'll just have to wait it out for professional help as of now I just don't see the logic or reasoning behind living. Not because of not drinking not as in oh lord what's the point of life without booze but I guess now that I'm sober other mental problems are getting bigger than I can handle. I'm so glad I stopped drinking to feel this way.
