-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18q9an/first_week_down_struggling_about_the_idea_of/

Not a huge achievement for me right now just because of what my problem with alcohol is. I was tempted once at dinner with my parents. I've told them that I intend on stopping drinking they are mildly supportive. They don't think I have a problem but I sure as hell haven't told them about how shitty my behavior is when I do drink- they just know that I don't do it often. I know that they know that I've driven drunk a few times and turned a blind eye to it because it wasn't too obvious but either way- I don't think they care either way as to whether or not I drink. The reason I was tempted I think is because I want to be perceived as an adult and because I still feel that drinking is necessary to be social...I kinda cheated because I didn't go do anything social this weekend. I hid in my room watched television and drew all weekend. No temptation no social anxiety no fear of being awkward no problem. So I am really scared about the idea of getting out and being social without alcohol. Especially since I have very alcohol-oriented friends right now. And I'll be going on vacation with one of them to New Orleans in a month. I tried to talk to her about not drinking and she basically wasn't having it. My hope is going to be to get away with soda water/diet cokes and hopefully not draw any attention to my not drinking- but I need to figure something out. I might try to talk to her again. I told her about my fear of blacking out how I think I am more happy when I don't drink- she said things like "drinking is different here" and talking about partying being my wingwoman and stuff like that...I am deeply worried about my current social life- which I know is bad I have to choose between no friends and very alcohol-oriented pressuring friends. I am also worried about my future social life I will be moving in a couple months and I really hope to make good sober friends then- or at least friends that have alcohol as a secondary aspect to socializing not the primary source of enjoyment. But I don't know how. I've always used booze to socialize. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well I know what you're feeling. I used to try to come up with excuses as to why I couldn't drink around my buddies and I would always tell them prior to going since I was worried. But it back fired since I would make it awkward beforehand. ...So my advice is to not tell people and just got with it on the fly. Try not to bother people with how it makes you feel because it may be a downer. Just stay positive and be like ill be the best wing girl ever and just stay sober. ..The best thing to do is attack this head on don't be scared. accept the challenge. Also try to stay super excited so people won't notice you not drinking. ..I've also noticed that the more people try to get you to drink the more uncomfortable they are with their own drinking...So have fun don't worry about this you're a great person. If you ever need support while you're out post here or message us. We got your back. ...~Eric 
I'm on the same page. Luckily I was always pretty introverted to begin with so the social change wasn't too bad. For example if we my brother were to quit drinking I believe the social separation would hit him a lot harder...Anyway be honest. One trick most of us use here is saying "I don't drink" as to opposed to "I quit drinking." That way people won't bug you to join the band wagon. Second and I apologize if this is too candid but if your friends can't support your decision then you really need to evaluate your friends. It's one thing for your friends to be frustrated with the sudden change but if they refuse to accept your tough decision then that friendship will surely deteriorate. On the bright side those who will accept your change are ultimately your friends--and hold on to those. ..When going out we use alcohol as an emotional trigger (I know this is a terrible analogy but it is like how Mario turns invincible with the star powerup) However what you don't realize is you can easily recreate those emotions WITHOUT alcohol--with practice and confidence. Certainly it will take a while but considering most people are stiff and timid we use alcohol as a stimulant to be the people we secretly want to be socially. Now you have the chance to become that person without the stimulant. ..Welcome to new perspective! It's going to take time to adjust but you're going to have to spit right back at social norms...I hope this helps. . 
AA is a great option for getting the support you need and finding sober people who know how to have fun without drinking. You are right to realize you cannot continue drinking without serious problems. And hanging out with drinking buddies will not lead to a better healthier happier life. ..Anyone who truly loves you will support your efforts. If they don't it's probably because they have a drinking problem themselves and your quitting is a threat to them and/or they don't want to lose a drinking buddy. We find out who our real friends are at times like these; it's not easy so get support from people who understand and can help you learn sober living skills. You'll find them in AA or SMART recovery.
