-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/18vkjd/advice_50_days_cravings_are_manageable_but_im/

I've been drinking a ton of coffee and tea since I quit. My doctor says its normal for me to want a lot of that because my body is trying to make up for not having the beer/other drinks. But Im really craving the taste of beer. Anyone have success switching to non-alcoholic beer? My friends have told me I probably shouldn't do this since they think it could be too much of temptation? Anyone have any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

Temptation is one way to look at it. Here's another: why continue to like the taste of beer if you can't drink beer?  That is why not develop new tastes new cravings?  It's not impossible. Ever move across the world to a place where you didn't have access to your favorite foods?  With time you stop missing those foods. With time you develop new favorites...I don't think you miss the taste of beer at all. Well I suppose it's possible. But it's much more likely that you miss the feeling you associate with beer than it is that you miss the taste of beer. In other words your animal brain misses being drunk. Not the taste of beer. But for the sake of argument let's say that you do miss the taste of beer. Do you really think that an O'Douls is gonna scratch that itch?  Come on it's an *O'Douls*.  You'll drink it and still be missing the taste of actual beer just as much probably even more...Just my personal opinion but I think fake beer is a bad idea. For the above reasons. There are like 100000 things out there to drink. Only one of them is beer. Surely you can find something else to like and crave that isn't a byproduct of rot. 
[deleted]
i usually go for a ginger ale or a root beer. to me they have the same finish on the tongue that a beer did...i'm too soon in my sobriety to partake but my 25 year sober mom drinks N/A beer every once in a while and has no problems with it. she was an addiction counselor at that. ..it's up to you to decide. 
In my opinion it's not a good idea...In my opinion I think you may investigate getting some advice on 'cravings' too. I go to AA and craving is discussed regularly. Not pushing AA but am suggesting if you haven't already finding some "help"/meetings/guidance on you're recovery now...Many people feel fine up to a certain point (depends on the person) then it seems like a good idea to drink and they do...An incomplete understanding of the problem will lead to an incomplete understanding of the solution...O'Doul's is not your answer IMHO....Here is what the AA Big Book says about "craving" (again not pushing AA here it's my experience).."We believe and so suggested a few years ago that the action of alcohol on these chronic alcoholics is a manifestation of an allergy; that the phenomenon of craving is limited to this class and never occurs in the average temperate drinker. These allergic types can never safely use alcohol in any form at all; and once having formed the habit and found they cannot break it once having lost their self-confidence their reliance upon things human their problems pile up on them and become astonishingly difficult to solve."
I've tried the O'Doul's Amber when I've had cravings for a good craft beer thinking it would be an acceptable substitute.  It really wasn't.  I mean yeah it tasted like beer...but the satisfaction was gone.  It took me several weeks to finish that 6 pack and I can't see myself purchasing that again.  I'd rather have my Italian sodas.
[deleted]
I drink NA beers when I want the taste of beer. I like the taste of beer. And there are some really good ones out there. I usually drink 1-2. Since I do not catch a buzz from them I do not feel the need to keep drinking them. it works for me. :)
Try it if it makes you relapse you can always quit drinking again if you want to as it is your recovery...I don't do that I've thought of it but it seems against my nature that being I just wanted to be drunk...I made my own beer and wine so sometimes taste was important near the end not so much.
This sub seems to be against NA beer but I have no problem with it and sometimes I'll have one when I'm in the mood for that taste. Saint Pauli Girl makes a decent one (way better than O'Douls) - I've had a few and it hasn't made me want to relapse and since you don't catch a buzz you never want to have more than one or two. I say go for it if you think you can handle it.
I'm with you. I miss the taste of extremely hopped beer. But I'm afraid of NA beer because it might trigger a relapse. I just think of missing the taste like a casualty of war now. I can't revive that dead companion. Just gotta let it go.
[deleted]
I have drank the non-alcoholic beer on occasion. Since there is no buzz I don't have the urge to drink the six pack (like I would have done with regular beer)...Try lemon-aid as a cold drink and slice of lemon in hot water - that is what I prefer now....
I think it's up to the person - me I relapsed after having non-alcoholic beer the same night.  My mood and other factors were at play.
Occasionally I'll drink a Bloody Mary without alcohol but with all the fixings. It helps curb that craving interestingly enough and it tastes a hell of a lot better than O'Douls. :)
