-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1950qo/boyfriend_is_mourning_the_fun_he_had_when_he_used/

We started dating and he was a once a month black out drinker. Would drive act like a moron put himself in danger and put our relationship at risk. He's tried to stop multiple times but this time he's accepted that it's a bigger issue for him than he'd like to admit and wants to grow out of the lifestyle. The problem is we live in a town notorious for our drinkers and alcoholics. There's really not much else to do- art museum some nature but it gets very hot. ..Most of his friends are still young and drink to get trashed. All of his best relationships were built on drinking getting shit faced and just partying. I on the other hand have had plenty of friends who were sober or didn't drink (religion moral beliefs etc) and still knew how to party and have fun. Obviously right now I don't want to take him to bars or music events where heavy drinking is involved since this is so new to him. I know some of his friendships are toxic but I also don't want him to have to lose his friends because having me only is unhealthy as well. Last night was the first time rather than running to the bar and relapse and have a drink he stayed at home and was very very down (still an improvement!!). ..He didn't want to talk too much then but what I was thinking was reminding him how much better he feels now not being hungover and anxious and sick then having a night with a friend blowing off steam that he can't even remember. Also telling him that he should be very upfront with his true friends and see if theyd do something else with him (I don't think they would though). Maybe reassure him that he's taking a vacation from "fun" and in the future he could still enjoy the atmosphere without being dangerously intoxicated like I do. I've also stopped drinking for him but still like to go out (which I'm also sacrificing for him). ..I have a feeling he might just genuinely enjoy the lifestyle. Some people find it romantic I on the other hand am no bullshit and see it for what it is: a big fat fucking weakness. I was an addict as well (many years ago fully recovered) and I had a shift in my thinking to seeing addictions as deplorable which is a useful deterrent. I think he's stuck in a time warp of his best years of his life and won't move on from them. That might be a harsh way to word it but it's the best way I can describe it. How can I show him how to move on from that to enjoy better moments in life that don't revolve around the freedom and irresponsibility of being drunk? ..Have I bitten of more than I can chew? I feel like I'm also giving up a good part of my youth and ability to enjoy where I am to help him with his addiction. I see myself getting depressed because I can't go out and do anything with myself either because I don't want to be a hypocrite. We're moving to a bigger city in 7 months but I'm afraid that might be too long. I am upfront with him about everything except for this once piece. I don't want him to know how much it's bothering me that I can't go out for not wanting to leave him in fear of him relapsing. I know he'll find out eventually one way or another but I don't know how to keep us both happy...Any insight would be so appreciated...Just for some background he's never hidden alcohol would "blow off steam" once a month/every few weeks but always blacked out and would have huge lapses in his memory only after a few drinks. He was drinking much more frequently before we met. Was always drinking and driving because he never got "drunk" anymore (the feeling that is). He admitted the problem himself I'm just trying to be supportive. With me he would only have 2 or 3 drinks when we'd be out and would act normal. It's his mindset with his friend that overtakes him. I would love for any help because this is so confusing to me and I love him dearly.
----------immediate responses--------

suggest /r/alanon..in short he has to be done for quitting to stick
You can't hold his hand through through sobriety. He has to do it for himself. It looks as though you need to focus more on you less on him. Don't forget that you can't do anything for him if your own sanity and sobriety slip away as a result of your boyfriend.
[deleted]
You're a recovered addict that drinks? Yikes!
Whew! That does sound confusing! I'm sorry you are dealing with this there are no easy answers. Without knowing him it is hard to say. I feel like there *is* a time of "mourning" in sobriety when you let go of the lifestyle some friends and the idea that drinking is fun for you is put to death. I couldn't tell you if that is what he is feeling and it will pass or if he really hasn't *chosen* sobriety yet and is struggling with what he ought to do as compared to what he still wants for himself. ..I feel lucky that my friends have been very understanding and more than willing to do alternative things when I informed them I am not drinking. It would be so much harder if I had to dismiss *all* the folks I hang out with instead of just some. He must be dealing with a sense of loss and loneliness. Even if they were in reality drinking buddies and not friends it doesn't negate his feelings. ..I think it is awesome that you want to support him in this and that you have tried to show solidarity but I do worry that you might grow to resent him because you feel like he is limiting your choices. People are right in saying you can't hold his hand and do this for him. A support system is awesome but only he can really do this for himself. I think you are right in seeing that you can't be his only support. It puts too much pressure on you and isn't healthy for either of you...On that note I guess all I can offer is practical advice that you have probably already heard and thought of. It made a huge difference to exercise get my protein and veggies on and take vitamins. I picked a few nearest and dearest to share what I was doing with recovery. I use this subreddit as a broader support system of people going through the same thing. I picked up old hobbies and new ones. ..Can you get him to join a gym or fitness class? Those endorphins make a difference and he would be mingling in a healthy environment. Would he be apposed to AA or SMART if he can't rely on his current friend set to support his choice? Is there something he has enjoyed doing activity wise or something he has expressed interest in that you guys could do or take a class on?  All I can think is that if all his buddies rely on drinking as the sole source of entertainment and he feels like he has to sit at home alone all the time he is probably finding that very depressing and maybe getting him to get out and about could change his mood a bit...Sorry I probably haven't been very helpful : ( I wish you the best of luck!
[deleted]
May or may not be alcoholism that's always up to the person but I see someone who chooses to go out once a month and hoot and holler as less of a alcoholic and perhaps more as a problem drinker but that's all semantics. It sounds like he can have 2-3 drinks without needing to close down the bar so it might not be an issue of alcoholism but more his social circle who he hangs with and how they choose to drink/consume alcohol...There was a paper floating around recently about how blackouts can happen to anyone if they drink too much too fast something to deal with a spike in blood alcohol content so blacking out isn't necessarily the sign of an alcoholic but if definitely points to a lack of careful decision making with alcohol. ..This may be my own reading into things but it kinda seems from what I can read in this post that you want him to change and it almost seems like he isn't really in that head-space. Any accuracy to this? I just take it because I can almost picture his friends calling saying they're at the bar and him looking over at you and then sighing and being like "I'm sorry guys I'm staying in tonight" or whatever. ..Does he think he's an alcoholic or does he think he just does dumb things while drinking? Is he committed to not drinking for himself or because he feels pressure from you? ..Just trying to get a little more background because just from reading this I get a feeling that this is a way more complicated situation other than a "he wants to quit but can't" kind-of thing.
AA for him Al-Anon for you. The rest takes care of itself.
