-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/196w29/broken_computer_2_days_before_deadline_for_life/

I want my 2 months so bad. i've relapsed twice since i quit in october and I need to remember now how fucking punishing it was to relapse. I need to save my money buy a new computer go to work stay there all day as long as it takes to get this proposal done and sent and then... well what look on the bright side justin you can go check out more book at the library get more research done do your art series and do other projects once this is all finsihed... No more macbook pro no more entertainment just be creative with time like we did back in the day. drink caffeine and take benadril anything but drink. do not drink...im going fucking crazy right now because normally when everything starts going to shit like this i'd fuck it all and drink but that would mean that everything i have worked hard for sober lately losing 50 pounds taking my life seriously getting well reviewed at work saving money for a new computer (which i was already planning) and working on new DJ mixes for new jobs all of that will go away if i choose to drink. I have to get through the next weeks and everything will be okay.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this Justin.  Relapse won't just fall on you like a meteorite.  The next few weeks may suck a little bit but they'd suck even more if you give up your sobriety.  You know that.  We're all here with help and encouragement.
Your sobriety is a gift to yourself and your accomplishments are the result. You've come so far. You can do this! If you aren't feeling it come talk to us!
From your post you know what you need to do.  Do whatever you have to do to stay sober.  Go to a meeting join the webchat (sidebar) see if there's a recovering alcoholic you can have lunch with and talk to...I've read your other posts.  They're amazing.  Your story is really captivating.  I want you to succeed.  And I think you can!.
Because I use AA I would recommend the same...White-knuckling it sounds...insane. ..There's a part in AA's book that says:.."Some of us have taken very hard knocks to learn this truth: Job or no job - wife or no wife - we simply do not stop drinking so long as we place dependence upon other people ahead of dependence on God (of your understanding)"
This is part of life. Computers break trees fall on loved ones rhinos raid our bathrooms and steal our toothbrushes. OK maybe not these last two things but the bottom line is that these are challenges that happen to all. Life on life's terms. They are not the end of the world. They are just pains in the ass. The good news is that each of these challenges that you overcome in sobriety will make you stronger for the next challenge. Do you want to look back on this as an inconvenient speedbump that you managed to make it over or as a point where you relapsed and added another chapter to misery and self loathing?
[deleted]
