-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/19garv/i_have_been_drinking_tonight_but_put_my_last/

I don't think I really can articulate what is going on with me right now. I hope that in the morning I will post more and can get feedback from those in this subreddit tomorrow. It will be a struggle tomorrow because I only work 4 days a week (4 10 hour days) so I have a 3 day weekend while my wife will be at work all day tomorrow. When she is not home I drink. I catch up on the shows that I have missed on tv. I used to sit on our balcony and chain smoke while I watched the missed shows and drink  (my usual is cheap whiskey with diet coke) but 3 months ago I quit cigarettes because of e-cigs. /r/electronic_cigarette really changed my life in that aspect. I have not had a cigarette in over 3 months and since I started drinking I have never gone longer than a week without a cigarette so that is a major accomplishment for me. However I still drink  my usual whiskey and diet. When I am out with my wife and friends I will volunteer to be the sober driver when she deserves to be able to drink because she rarely does  and will never drive under any influence because she is a substance abuse councilor . When that is the case I usually can limit myself to be in the legal limit to drive but once we get home I usually take our dog out so that I can drink from a pre-mixed drink that i have made that is in either the bag I take to work or in the back of my car. I feel horrible because of the amount I drink without her knowledge especially since she works with addiction all day. I have more to the story but I should finish the water I have and go to bed before I try to stay up all night. 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh boy. I have been chronically single for the past year and my parents live in a different state but my local friends never knew how much I drank. I would party with them but as soon as I got home I would take myself to smash town and get solo wasted...The way you mentioned sitting on a porch drinking smoking and watching TV all day sort of triggered an urge in me to drink. I have always wanted an outside television mostly so I could smoke. I ended up smoking a lot indoors (so gross) but I actually stopped smoking cigs a couple days ago cold turkey. I truly believe alcohol and nicotine is like milk and cookies for me. I love the cheap whiskey and cheap cigarettes I romanticized my life that I am a dirty dog I am a trasher. My goal in life is to get trashed. Today I feel different definitely not a trasher anymore. I seek wholesomeness and minfulness now.
[deleted]
It's not the drink that's your problem...It's your thinking...Notice when we wake up sober we 'think' about drinking again?..Listen to these guys from AA explain [why](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJonyeCQadc).
I hope we see you here today! 
