-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/19n2ag/i_need_to_let_go_of_a_friendship/

I quit drinking last May and I couldn't be happier with the results. My life has done a 180 from the misery I was living in and I have no intentions of ever going back...During my drinking I was a party girl. Getting dressed up and going to the bar every weekend and sometimes weeknights was pretty much all my best friend and I did. She was my sorority sister my partner in crime and my number one drinking buddy. We were inseparable. I would go to her house on Fridays bring a bunch of clothes and stay the entire weekend. Even our nights in involved alcohol--wine and a movie when we decided we wanted a "chill" night...As my drinking got heavier and heavier and my behavior got more and more embarrassing she let me know that she thought I should pump the brakes a little. She told me this expecting me to learn how to just have a couple of drinks and still have a fun night. When I realized I couldn't do that and I had to give it up all together we started spending less and less time together. Now the distance is undeniable. Whereas we spent all of our time together before now we see each other maybe twice a month during lunch dates that feel a little forced...My biggest problem is that I don't think she was supportive of my decision to stop drinking and my admission that I had a problem. She still invited me out to the bar even when I had just gotten sober and she knew I was still struggling. A couple of times I went just because we were celebrating a birthday and I wanted to at least show my face and she would ask me to go order her drinks at the bar. When I expressed my discomfort with going out to bars she would invite me to get togethers at her house insisting I could come because it wasn't at a bar and then would make gallons of liquor punch for everyone. Eventually she pretty much stopped texting me unless she needed something--usually to dog sit for her when she had a crazy weekend planned and she couldn't be at home. She never seemed to make the slightest effort to make me feel comfortable or encouraged about being sober and while I know that's not anyone else's responsibility it was disappointing. I asked her to come to an AA meeting with me just as a show of support--both my parents and my boyfriend have come just to be there with me but she said no right away. Without even hesitating. ..It's clear to me that our friendship has reached an end and it's time to go our separate ways but she was such a huge part of my life not even a year ago I'm having a lot of difficulty letting go. I'm not a confrontational person at all and I try to avoid conflict. She invited me to a "girls' night in" with a couple of our other friends this weekend and even though I knew I wasn't interested I still told her I'd come. It was the first time she had invited me somewhere in months and I felt obligated to show up lest they think I'm blowing them off. Now all I can think about is how much I don't want to go. I guess I'm at a bit of a loss...Do any of you all have experience with having to cut off people close to you after getting sober? How did you handle it?
----------immediate responses--------

Partner in crime mutual enablers yes - but friend?  It seemed so at the time... I had some similar relationships that withered and went away...For myself while I was drinking if someone got sober it scared the shit out of me.  I DID NOT WANT TO DEAL WITH THE QUESTIONS THAT WERE RAISED so I moved away.  Her asking you to fetch drinks is just plain passive aggressive in a nasty way.  You can do better in AA and out and perhaps some day you will see her at a meeting... but until then let it go.  She has your number if she decides you have something she wants maybe she will call..AND congratulations on your strength and recovery
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yea and I haven't spoken to a dear close friend of mine in about a year. I'm going to visit him in May. I thought of it as a temporary "time-out" period. I'm sure he'll want to go out for drinks or bring over a keg and throw a party but hopefully not... but yes I had to cut it off with a close friend for a while.. .His wife was more understanding about it but he caught some hell out of the whole situation from her somehow so our relationship was kinda strained. I think his wifey wanted him to quit too. He doesn't have the problem I do.
The program of AA is clear on how to handle this...Do you just go to meetings or are you working the steps with a sponsor?..
I have. Had a friend who drank and used just like me. We were very close. I just stopped returning his calls and texts. If I was going to go somewhere and found out he was going to be there I changed my plans. We used to be close but alcohol and drugs was our main bond. Time passed and now he is a stranger and that is a good thing. So to summarize stop contact and wait :)
Close childhood friend from like 8 years old. Became drinking buddies in college. Cut him out of my life at 29 as our relationship devolved into a horrible thing. We caused DUIs for each other even.  .When I told him I stopped drinking and he kept trying to get me to drink I had to come to the hard realization that maybe he wasn't my friend after all because he didn't want to support me making something better of myself.  .He also talked about me behind my back about problems stemming from a drinking and driving incident that he had a direct hand in. He couldn't be bothered or fucked to help. He walked away when it wasn't "fun" or "going out to party" anymore.  .Turns out he was manipulative selfish prick with a drinking problem of his own too and in some retrospect I think he felt intimidated by my resolve to say no to drinking.  .You're probably not going through something as extreme but it hurts but it's sometimes necessary. Good thing is new friends and real relationships will happen.
Good on you for kicking ass first of all. 290 days! That is fantastic! This is just my humble opinion but when your friend told you to pump the breaks and then acted the way she did afterwards it sounds like she was saying "whoa chill out. You need to keep it kind of cool because if it becomes too obvious we have a problem we might have to do something about it and ruin the party" Judging from her behavior it sounds like she didn't really want serious help for you but just wanted to continue fucking off without consequence. The fact that she would pressure you socially to come out to a bar when she knew you were having a hard time and go as far to ask *you* to order the drinks is pretty wicked. It sounds like when you stopped being useful as a partner in crime for her and she couldn't tempt you back into the fray she floated away. I'm sorry she wasn't there for you and I am sure you probably miss having what felt like a close friend in her. It is hard to lose someone that you spent so much time with even if it is their actions or major life differences that cause the split. I'm wishing you the best and I hope I don't sound too mean (about your old friend) when I say you deserve better friends than this : )
This is a common problem for people who get sober.  Their friends want their drinking buddies back.  Don't forget that Alcoholics are not the only people who fear change.  Everybody does. She wants the comfort of her old life back even if it costs you.  Everybody is selfish by nature.  by asking the question I think that you know what the answer is.  Alcoholics usually do they just need reassurance.  Embrace your new life and enjoy it. Whatever you choose I wish you well.
Glad you posted this. I am going through the same thing. I am upset because all the time and effort I had invested in this friendship all seems upsetting now. Now that I am in AA she doesn't call or want to hang out. And it wasn't until yesterday that I realized that its mutual. I don't have much in common with her. I found that my new friends in AA are more genuine than she ever was. It's tough. It's a big change. 
