-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/19pky3/what_a_nice_night/

Last night I did something crazy something I haven't done in what feels like years.  I had a nice relaxing evening with my significant other and didn't drink...In the years since my daily drinking began there has been the occasional "dry-day."  But I have never enjoyed those.  Those were the days where I was irritable and frustrated wondering why I wasn't drinking.  Hell I'd be having a much better time if I were.  It was impossible to focus on the enjoyment at hand when all I could do was look forward to the next morning the next afternoon ... the next time I would be drinking.  ..This time was different.  Armed with the knowledge that I had made the decision to give up the alcohol I was able to focus on the present rather than some abysmal reward awaiting me in the near future.  I have always been an attentive husband a careful listener - but this time I might actually remember the entirety of our conversations.  What a hell of a thing that is. ..I am very grateful that this subreddit exists.  I have never had any ability to control my drinking habits.  Not since day one.  And I am a rather private person.  This is not a problem I would be comfortable talking to with the people who surround me in this small hard-drinking city.  And not something I will want to speak of to my wife right this second - not until I have enough time under my belt and have built up enough currency of believably to show that I'm truly dedicated.  What this subreddit provides to me is a group of people struggling through the same problem to whom I can make myself accountable to.  People who understand won't judge and will encourage.  And that really makes an incredible difference.  So thanks to all!
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome! Keep this feeling in mind the next time you have an urge. 
 To remember that I'm not missing out on drinking so much as drinking has caused me to miss out on so much. .Thanks for this.......... I'm writing this down. :)
Best of luck. Deciding to quit for good (rather than to "take a break" or "get things under control") has made all the difference for me. I am a very private person too. I have no interest in meetings at least for now. And my wife obviously aware of the fact that I have gone from drinking every day for 13+ years to 14 days sober has remained a quiet observer to what I am going through (she knows me well). This subreddit has been my one connection to others going through similar experiences and I'm thankful for it. 
I have also made the decision to wait a while to be sure that I am truly dedicated. My close ones know who cares about everyone else. ..Good job! It gets easier! Keep it up!
Wow I feel the exact same way about this subreddit.  Its great to have a community of people who understand me and or are going through the same things at the same time.  Also this subreddit is incredibly non-judgmental and encouraging. 
[deleted]
/r/stopdrinking is amazing.  It's so good to know I'm not the only one with this struggle.  AA meetings are groovy but it's different when there's the layers of physical appearance and different stages of recovery.  Here it's just words badges and the desire to stop drinking.
&gt;not until I have enough time under my belt and have built up enough currency of believably to show that I'm truly dedicated..At this point that's entirely up to you. If you can do one you can do two. If you can do two you can do three. If you can do x you can do x+1. This could be a defining day in your life or it could be just a single day you didn't drink. Stay strong and plan out your shit. There are ups and downs and you have to be ready to ride the ebbs too. ..If you stick with this you're going to have a lot more time and energy on your hands. You're also going to have a lot more clarity if you're like most of us. This clarity may have you looking at aspects of your life that you do not like and this is not always pleasant. Have a plan to deal with this. Inventory the things you don't like in your life and work on making them better. You will finally have the ability energy and time to deal with them now. ..It's not all about just not drinking. There's a holistic element to all this. For many of us a perception of no control pervaded our existence. I can tell you that I for one have recaptured that control but it took work. It's simple in theory but sometimes hard in execution. However anyone can do it. ..Post here frequently listen to your body stay healthy exercise and eat well. You too can enjoy the satisfying feeling of watching that number beside your name grow every day. But only if you choose to. 
Wonderful to hear about your 'present moment'.
This subreddit has made an incredible difference to me too. So thank you and everyone else for being here!
