-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/19t8cu/what_a_day/

So Ive been sober for 16 days. I got layed off today. When my boss handed me that paper work the first thing I thought about was how mind numbingly drunk I was going to get. I called a close friend who is actually an old drinking buddy who is sobering up too. I told him what happened and my plan to buy 5 bottles of merlot. He just asked me to think about it twice. I was feeling pretty weak. I called the local AA office to see if they needed any volunteers. They said they had all the help they needed but they gave me the address of a local meeting. I then youtubed a AA speaker. The speaker talked about relapse. The video was about a hour and fifteen minutes long. I listened to him the entire way home. When I got here I opened my big book and started following along. I think I have won today. I just wanted to say thank you to everyone involved in this subreddit. You all have truely been an inspiration to me. It will work if you work it...Im not much of a writer. I hope that was coherent. 
----------immediate responses--------

Man so sorry about your day. But you rose to a shitty day and kicked its ass. Tomorrow you can plan what's next. I hope you can be good to yourself today and know that tomorrow will be better. Hang in there!
that friend/ drinking buddy sounds like one cool cat..way to stay on track!
That's a hell of a tough thing to deal with.  You took some really smart steps in seeking out a friend and other resources to help you cope.  You can and will bounce back from the setback of the layoff and at least you don't have to bounce back from a relapse this early on in your new sobriety.  Great job hang in there!
Sensational writing.  Thanks for posting.
[deleted]
Wow you did great and now I'm going to scower YouTube for AA speakers and I never thought of that before. Thanks for the great share I'll have another weapon to help me with soberity in my pocket. ...~Eric 
[deleted]
