-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/19yazp/the_beginning_of_my_journey_again/

I quit drinking on 3/2/13. That's the date of my last drink and given my continued involvement in the AA community and this as my home away from home of sorts as its always been (reddit). I wish i had joined with you guys earlier. I always knew this sub reddit was there but much like my first two months at AA i didn't take it seriously. Well I've been awakened of sorts and I'm going to continue to work at this until the day i die...At this moment as it stands my quitting drinking is life or death. A home or the street or a life with freedoms or a life in jail or worse six feet under. I wont let my parents bury me i cant do it to them or my two brothers. When i went to my first two meetings in January (not a new years resolution but something I've wanted to do for a while and also circumstance) I did not take it seriously at all. I saw it as going to be with addicts in a religious institution...Being an agnostic by trade and generally smart person this was hard. Step three although incredibly simple was almost as hard as taking my therapists advice of going to Alcoholics Anonymous in the first place. I didn't want to believe i was an alcoholic. I didn't want to believe I had a problem; I was simply riding the pity wagon to death town. Long story short (I'd be glad to give you the long version when I am ready) I drank again last Saturday and as my therapist would put it who has been though AA multiple times over and turned his love for helping others into a humble career; " A head full of AA and a belly full of booze is the worst combination"...I felt incredibly guilty of drinking and this Monday I finally reached out to a co-worker whom i knew was in the program for many years and had offered his help prior to this. With warm arms and a heart of gold he brought me to where he went to his first meeting. He knew everyone in the room they knew him. The same kind of people i wrote off two months ago suddenly seemed like the best people to surround myself with. This friend has just in this past week become my temporary sponsor until i find someone I would like to sponsor me...Sitting in on this meeting with him On the verge of tears finally realizing I had been so stupid to not see the problem I had with alcohol when it came time for the coins I got a nudge from my friend to go up for my first my 24 hours of sobriety coin. It was met with applause and cheers from everyone in the room. I hadn't felt that warm fuzzy and togetherness in as long as i can remember. This was Wednesday night...I cannot get over that this program while incredibly simple in its goal and membership requirements could empower someone so much in a brief hour. A program i was going to write off and fall again down the slippery slope with alcohol. I am no saint by any means and I know I will be tempted again with alcohol; and I most likely will relapse at some point as I have in the past and every alcoholic does at some point...My sponsor is bringing me to his current home group on Sunday and next Wednesday we will be back at the first one we went to where I will graciously accept my One week of sobriety coin. This coin like the 24 hour one will not leave my side or my pocket until i get another. I finally got a big book wednesday which i am currently up to page 91. I have called my temporary sponsor every day since monday and the guy who gave me the big book whom i exchanged numbers with at the meeting...I graciously accept and humbly will take any criticism advice or anyone who has anything to say. It will be more than appreciated. I'm sure I'll find this to be probably the most understanding of all the sub-reddits much like AA is in itself. An accepting place that; if you have a desire to quit drinking or think you have a problem just go. Thanks to anyone who reads this has any comments or questions or anyone who is willing to help me in any way. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

This sounds like a much better plan.  For myself I could not have done it without AA. And I too thought I was too different unique whatever for it to work for me.  .Congratulations. O d a t
all i have to say is: if you don't drink tomorrow i won't either. ok?
Excellent!
Welcome back! Like Slipacre said this sounds like a much better plan. I for one think you're gonna be all right. :)
Wise and inspiring. Thank you for sharing this one-week sober alcoholic appreciates it.
[deleted]
