-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ad29j/relapsed_after_7_months_and_waiting_for_a_space/

About 3 weeks ago I had to go to the ER for Alcohol Poisoning. That was the eye-opener that what I thought was control was only a misguided thought. I started detoxing at home and ended up back in the ER a few days later because of a withdrawal related seizure...I'm trying to get into a county detox center (Which is all I can afford) but they have limited space and all spaces are first come first serve. I've been calling and waiting for what feels like forever. They told me I should keep drinking until I can get in to avoid a possible second seizure...For all this time I thought I had control of my drinking and I know I need to stop but the solution medical professionals have given me is to keep drinking until I can get help from said medical professionals. I can't afford a hospital so I need this detox center...Has anyone else been through anything similar? I don't want to drink but I have to until I can get help...It's so frustrating because I'm sleeping on my parent's couch just to have someone there in case I have another seizure and I have to drink as much as I have been right in front of them. I don't want to do either of these things but the detox center people the hospital workers and everything I've read online say I have to keep drinking to avoid another possible seizure...This is just so frustrating!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey craigles stay strong.  Do what you can to remember what right now feels like because you can look back one day and remember that you climbed up from this point...I didn't do detox but a good friend of mine did county detox.  She had to go in every day (you have to check in to wait for a seat) for about three days in a row before she got in.  On one of the days someone tried to kill themselves while in the waiting room.  She was very grateful that as tough as she had it she had more hope in her heart than that person.  ..She's now five months sober and grateful that she got that bed...It's awesome that your parents are letting you stay with them.  ..You'll get through this.
Seven months is a good chunk of time. How did you stay sober that long? 
I have worked in a detox unit for over a decade.  When a new patient comes in for alcohol or benzo detox it is safest if they come in drunk or loaded or both if that is the case. The medical complications while detoxing these can be high.  You especially should never detox these drugs on your own if you have a history of seizures (even 1 seizure) your chances of having another seizure while detoxing are higher because of your history.  We occasionally have families who will not let the patients drink prior to admit thinking they are helping them and all it does is put the at risk. We understand why they do this though they are trying to help.  We would rather bring you down than try to play catch up.  I hope you get some help soon and stay safe.
