-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1aeg3x/first_aa_meeting_today/

Ignore the 368 days it's actually 3 bc I accidentally submitted 2012 instead of 2013 on my badge. .........I went to my first AA meeting today...It was held in a bank with around 20 people mostly white senior citizens staring at Styrofoam cups of coffee and exchanging small chatter before the meeting began. We sat in a square room with a tattooed man in a Tool concert shirt leading the introductions...He began with the serenity prayer. Mostly I've encountered this on angsty teenager's Tumblrs or a Facebook status. But in this context with everyone united by illness it took on a new meaning. It isn't about problem sets employment or indifference toward school. It's about relationships. You can't change people; you can only change yourself.  Once you realize that you sometimes have to give up on them and move on... ..Number three: make a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understand him. I lost God when I was a child but I'm slowly reconnecting. Not God as a man in the sky who governs and creates but a belief in my support system and myself. I've accepted that I need help and I cannot do it alone...Number eight: make a list of all persons we had harmed and become willing to make amends to them all. My name is at the top of a long list. Before I can apologize to others I have to forgive myself for what I have done. That means taking responsibility and reflecting on how I've hurt myself. After that I will be better equipped to make amends with my loved ones. ..Number nine: Make direct amends to such people whenever possible except when to do so would injure them or others. I'm worried about this because the person who hurts deeply may be afraid. I'm not sure what to do about this one right now but it's ok. I pray that she'll forgive me  and realize that I'm living my amends. I hope that she's happy and one day she might have faith in me again... ...The Tool man asked if it was anyone's first time. I raised my hand and said that it was mine. The old timers laughed and said welcome. One man with a cane and a scar said  fresh meat  while chuckling to himself.  I smiled and let them move on with the meeting they would be celebrating birthdays today and would turn back to me at the end... ..A middle-aged Mexican man wearing a Longhorns pullover and cap said that he was an asshole when he was drunk. He became a different person every 3pm after work. He was the only other brown person there yet I didn't feel connected. His experience was so general (that you're a different person when intoxicated) that I couldn't help but glaze over...A woman wearing a reindeer hat shared a couple of sentences. She accidentally included the last name of another member leading the group to remind her that John Doe should be John D. ..A woman with a kind face and her sad smiled husband held each other's hand until they spoke. 20 years prior they had met each other in recovery. For sixteen years they remained sober until one night they decided to drink together. They had never seen each other drunk so when they did they hated it. They recovered relapsed and are recovering again...A thirty-two year old 70-aged said he would be preaching tonight. A groan let out everyone could tell that this guy was the grandpa of the group. Bearded and overweight with the nickname Slim he rested on his cane and said that the first time he went to AA he hated it because it got in the way of his drinking. They told him to not drink between meetings and to come back. Those assholes he said jokingly so when he came back the next week he hated them even more after they said come back again. ..Another man with a cane was turning two. He had relapsed after being sober for a decade. His wife not an alcoholic took away his tokens because she knew that he could earn him back. She had faith in him and held him upright whenever he drunkenly stumbled. She knew that he was ill and forgave him because he was trying. Today she gave the same token that he had lost two decades ago. It was touching to see the lifetime of that coin and the pain attached to it...I instantly liked Ron the Truck Driver. An elderly man from Chino with a turquoise watch and warm smile he had stopped drinking when he was 21 after spending too many mornings trying to remember the night. He laughed as he made change for himself in the collection hat explaining that he was nearly four decades sober. Some of these people seem to want to help others more than themselves. He's one of them; I can tell that he's a good person...Finally at the end I told my story. I was a 22 year-old college student who was dismissed from college after I was institutionalized from a suicide threat. Like everyone I had been hurt and chose to drown myself in alcohol instead of confronting the problems maturely.  I've let my self-pride interfere with my recovery saying that I could do it alone. I have let down my loved ones but I'm committed to earning their trust back. In thirty years I want to be that old guy who looks at the 22-year during his first meeting and tells him that he's never alone... ..These birthdays come with plastic and metal tokens. As these people share their coin is passed around for everyone to touch and reflect on other's success. The short birthdays are plastic and adorned with basic designs. The long ones are nicely decorated metal with pebbled texture to contrast the large numbers...Mine is silver with a sunset and text that reads  never alone again.  The other side has coffee cups that read  Fellowship is the meeting after the meeting.  As soon as I held it I knew that it became my most prized possession. It's a tangible embodiment of my acceptance to receive help and take the steps toward recovery... ...It's strange to think that I have a common history with strangers who are twice my age half my complexion and 100 times more sober. Through alcoholism we've entered what millions of people struggle with. We've suffered disappointment alcohol's temporary relief and the realization that we're sinking...22 years. I was told a year ago that this would be the best year of my life. As it turns out it was the worst. But I'm determined to make 23 the best of mine. To love my friends improve my skills and remain sober. This year I will finish my degree run a marathon and live in California...I feel new. Like how I felt for a few minutes after I poured 12% regret on the asphalt and congratulated myself   saying that I would be better tomorrow. But those celebrations faded quickly when a couple of days later I'd be nursing a beer and diving into the nightmares of this past year. It won't be easy though and I'm prepared to handle that. I'm stronger than how I feel...For once in a long time I cried because I was happy...The next time I hope to cry will be when I'm handed my degree. I can do it because I have the resources ability and focus to remain sober and improve my life... ..After the meeting I walked to the 7/11 that I had bought twelve packs from many times. Jasmine the employee who I had befriended because I was a regular customer smiled as I rang up sour warheads instead of a beer. I'd like to think that she was proud of me...I walked out and made a silly face to myself after I had barraged my tongue with sour bombs. I smiled knowing that my hope had returned as my coin made memories in my palm.
----------immediate responses--------

