-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1an6p5/coming_up_on_2_years_sober/

I can't even believe it's been this long. I've worked a great program met some awesome people and have completely turned my life around. Once I felt I had a handle on my drinking I decided to branch out and further better myself. 5 months ago I started dieting and joined a gym and have successfully lost 30 lbs so far. This enhanced my happiness tenfold and am now brimming with a newfound confidence I never thought possible...I've been a redditor for awhile now and it wasn't until tonight that I realized "DUH" there is probably a subreddit for people in recovery! ..The dilemma I'm facing at this point in my life is I feel out of place. Like I don't know where I belong. My friends are super supportive (my best bud is the one that staged my MUCH needed intervention) and I owe the world to them but I barely see them as much because I don't like going out to the bars. I can handle being around it that doesn't bother me much though after awhile the smell can kind of get to me. I get less cravings being around them drinking and more that feeling of jealousy. Like "Its not fair that I can't do this." Childish thoughts but it's true...Then there's my "sober crew." This is more difficult to be around because out of all the people I met in rehab and my 6 month stint in a sober house myself my room mate and one other person (lets say out of 25) have relapsed. I suffered from hard depression in the past which lead to my initial downfall so when I see more and more sober friends relapse I become more and more depressed. As hard as it is to see though I am ALWAYS there for them when they need me...So here I am uncomfortable around my sober friends and feeling out of place with my life long friends. I still see them on a regular basis but I find I enjoy spending most of my time at home playing video games watching Netflix surfing the web etc. ..Basically I feel like a million bucks. Im 30 and feel 10x better than I did anytime in my 20's but I just feel... lonely. I guess what I'm wondering is who else has felt like this? Kind of caught between two worlds neither of which feel right?..Thanks for listening and I hope to get to know a lot of you. :-D
----------immediate responses--------

It is scary and painful when people i know relapse. It really upset me for awhile but the disease of addiction is ruthless and I learned to "hang with the winners" as they say in AA. It is good to "be there" for other people but it's important also to set boundaries so we don't get enmeshed in other people's addiction. ..Without the friends made in AA I'd be lost. Role models with long-term recovery gave me hope. From them I learned how to have a satisfying productive and joyful life...in spite of losses challengesand loneliness sometimes ..Staying at home for entertainment is fine but it's not enough. AA has many fun gatherings such as speaker meetings potlucks dances and game nights. I also volunteer my time as a speaker sponsor and meeting chairperson. ..If you have two years of sobriety you have learned a great deal and know something about staying sober. Congratulations on your hard work and fighting through tough times. (Are you being treated for depression?) ..Thank you for your post. I know you will get helpful comments. This is a great site. Take care of yourself! 
Maybe try making some new sober friends who just don't drink rather than those who've had addiction issues? Thanks for your post
I've been sober for over a year and a half and I'm 27 and have an idea of how you feel. The craving to drink is not a problem so much as the social aspect that pretty much everyone I know drinks and most do often. At this point in my life I also know the lonely feeling but also know that your lifestyle is all about what you make it. Exercise and diet are the absolute best things that you are doing for yourself and never give that up no matter how busy you get with responsibilities. Also see if there's any groups or clubs where you work or go to school. Never try to stop meeting new people with similar interests. Challenge yourself to get out there. You might be currently single and maybe when you find your significant other that loneliness will reduce a lot because you will have someone there that you are crazy about that won't care if you are sober and you can meet people that she is friends/family with that feel the same way. I plan on joining outdoor clubs/fitness clubs/church groups after I finish graduate school and surrounding myself with people with interests other than just going to bars/clubs/drinking is a way that will get your surroundings away from temptation. I'm definitely not saying find new friends and leave your current ones but branching out and getting out might be the way to forget that lonely feeling. 
