-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ans6z/relapsed_8_times_in_2_months_but_today_have_my/

I haven't posted in a while but today I have 30 days and my first star and I know there are people just beginning who are struggling people who have been sober who are struggling and even the old timers who struggle just like the rest of us. So I just wanted to share that it's been about 2 months since I started really trying this time to stop drinking. That first month I'd make progress 3 days 2 days 5 days -- but I relapsed easily 8 times and kept resetting my badge and starting over...Well I finally found a combination of things through trial and error and never giving up that has worked for me to get me to 30 days one day at a time. Relapse happens. It can happen after 1 day 5 days 30 days 90 days 20 years. It just happens. Big deal. There's no perfection in this life. You just pick up the pieces and take that next day like you took the sober ones you had before: one at a time...Stay strong brothers and sisters.
----------immediate responses--------

Relapse is a big deal. And it doesn't "just happen".  Happy you have 30 days but it sounds like you're treating relapse as par for the course something people should just expect and be OK with. That's not how it works.
Awesome post thanks for sharing. 
I unfortunately have seen numerous times when a relapse was fatal.  Motorcycle into truck suicide overdose liver etc.  it is not pretty..I do have another drunk in me but another recovery?  I am going to do EVERYTHING I can to not have to find out..
Congratulations - that's a big milestone
Not trying to be a dick congrats on the 30 days but it's not always a relapse you can't lose something if you don't have it.. you know?..otherwise i used to relapse 3 times a week.
You didn't describe how your new plan is going to work when the other 8 haven't but my advice to everyone is:..Those who do not learn from their mistakes are doomed to repeat them.
