-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1au6km/am_i_an_alcoholic/

I have been drinking heavily for about 12 years. It started off as weekend binges and I didn't really drink much during the week. Slowly it started seeping into my daily life. Then when I met my husband we fell into partying. Hard. Cocaine and extacy and a ton of booze every weekend. For the first 4 years. We got into fights and said and did horrible things each other. The past  year and a half we both have decided to try to cut down. And we have. But we are still splitting a bottle of wine a night. And I'll almost alway have a few vodkas. I have even hidden bottles in the trunk of my car. I've bought the little bottles and I'll keep them in my jacket and down them while I'm walking the dogs. When my husband has a hockey game which is Monday and Thursday nights I look forward to cooking and just getting wasted by myself. I make sure I'm in bed before he gets home. He doesn't mind my drinking but I just don't want him to know how much. Also I tend say bad things and start fights. So it's very destructive. Being drunk feels different to me now too.i can put back 2/3 of a fith easily (I'm 5'2' and 105 lbs) and then get up and hit the gym & work all day no problem. I just ignore that dizzy feeling. I've almost come to like it. Right now I'm lying in bed where I've been all day after a night if binging and a few snorts of cocaine. .  I just read what I wrote and it looks so ugly. I think I have answered my own question. I want to stop and have looked up and found several AAmeetings in my area. But I haven't gone yet. I want to take those Monday and Thursday nights and hit the meetings instead of blacking myself out. I'm very nervous to go. Like its going to make it too real for me. I don't know if I will have withdrawal symptoms phisicly but mentally I know I will. I'm struggling now to not have a beer to take the edge off.  Sorry for the long post. Anyway any advise would be great. .       
----------immediate responses--------

First off you could take the test on the right.  Only you can really answer the question.  It sounds like you have a few of the symptoms.  AA will help.  You should look for people you can identify with and have a chat with them. Good luck.  Your thinking about it and everyone starts there.  Good luck on your journey.
Funny how we have the answers to our own questions when we have the courage to be honest. ..With the combination of alcohol and drugs and your petite size you are dancing with the devil. As for withdrawal telling your doctor how much and how often you drink allows an evaluation for what is needed for a safe detox. Alcohol withdrawal is serious business and should not be taken lightly. Sometimes medication can provide a safe withdrawal and less misery which makes success more likely. ..You are wise to be asking for help. The only requirement for AA is a desire to stop drinking. It saved my life. Maybe it would do the same for you!
[deleted]
Thanks for posting this. I think you're making a great decision to go to an AA meeting. You should know that going to a meeting doesn't have to mean anything at all. You can go and just listen - it's very laid-back...The people in AA know all about the kind of drinking and drugs you're doing. Nearly all of them have done the exact same thing. When you go into the meeting they'll know where you're coming from no matter what they might look like.
I haven't read anything but normal people typically don't hunt down a forum about alcoholism and ask if they're alcoholics. But only you can decide that. Or in my case every doctor I've ever been to.
Your story sounds so much like mine. I am also petite have been with my man for 12 years (we're not married though) and we partied HARD up until about a year ago. I quit cocaine 4 years ago (a year before he did) and we both quit smoking weed about 8 months ago. Alcohol is our last bastion. Like you I would also drink while he wasn't home and go to bed before he got back so he wouldn't see how shitfaced I had gotten...Like others have said take the test on the right so you can get an idea of where you're at. I'm just starting out on my journey and haven't gone to any AA meetings but I stop by this subreddit several times a day. It has helped me so much. I figure that since I've been wasted for 20 years I should really put in my best effort to see what it's like to be sober happy and truly present. Good luck on your journey...and check in on this subreddit!
Hiding booze guilt shame drinking past your self imposed limits inability to stop despite consequences. Yeah I'd say you probably know the answer. ..It's a tough thing to admit. And it takes a lot of courage and humility to ask for help with it and go to a meeting. But it's also liberating in a very big way. Admitting that I'm an alcoholic was the start of the recovery process. It gave me an understanding of what was going on and only through awareness and acceptance was I able to make progress. When the problem is admitted the solution becomes possible. And the solution is simple: don't drink no matter what. Hard but simple. ..I hope you make it to a few meetings. I hope you find the courage and humility necessary to introduce yourself as an alcoholic and ask for help. I hope you hear something that you can identify with and I hope you stick your hand out to that person afterwards and thank them. AA is all about hope - surrounding yourself with people who drank like you thought like you acted like you and still found a way to a life worth living without the booze. .
If you feel a need to ask....It's a sign. 
I highly highly recommend Caroline Knapp's book *Drinking: A Love Story.* As a working woman you might identify with a lot of her story. And yeah you kinda sound like an alcoholic to me -- but go to some meetings and see what you think!
Thank you all for the encouragement and comments. Well I ended up having another crazy weekend. So I went to my first meeting last night. I'm going to a women's only meeting tonight after work. Last night was pretty hard for me and I'm looking forward to not feeling like that again. 
