-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1bclu2/perspectives_on_the_secret_of_granby_lane/

So a friend had me watch this video called The Secret of Granby Lane.  It's available to watch for free online here: http://archive.org/details/TheSecretOfGranbyLane..It was part of a Catholic TV show and it's about an alcoholic named Matt Talbot who I only just discovered was a real person: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matt_Talbot..Anyway while several members of my family are former alcoholics they all got sober long before I was born so I don't really think I understand the mindset of a person struggling with addiction.  Which might be part of the reason this particular piece of media has been bothering me so much so I was hoping that I could get some feedback about it from people who DO understand where the character is coming from...The caption to the video says that it has something of a cult following among some AA members and I frankly find that a little disturbing.  The film basically paints the guy as a saint for trading one form of extremism (alcoholism) for another (asceticism) and that just doesn't seem healthy at all to me.  ..Anyway if anyone has seen it or can take the time to watch it I would really appreciate it if you could share your opinions with me.  I found the ending of the story to be genuinely disturbing and I'm wondering if it's because it IS disturbing or if it's because there's something about it I just don't get...Thanks!  :-)
----------immediate responses--------

AA has no opinion on outside issues but there is one quote from the book "Alcoholics Anonymous" which might explain how Matt Talbot was able to stay sober for 40 years - it's describing a conversation between Dr Carl Jung and a chronic alcoholic patient of his called Rowland Hazzard:.."The doctor said: "You have the mind of a chronic alcoholic. I have never seen one single case recover where that state of mind existed to the extent that it does in you." Our friend felt as though the gates of hell had closed on him with a clang...He said to the doctor "Is there no exception?".."Yes" replied the doctor "there is. Exceptions to cases such as yours have been occurring since early times. Here and there once in a while alcoholics have had what are called vital spiritual experiences. To me these occurrences are phenomena. They appear to be in the nature of huge emotional displacements and rearrangements. Ideas emotions and attitudes which were once the guiding forces of the lives of these men are suddenly cast to one side and a completely new set of conceptions and motives begin to dominate them."..It strikes me that Matt Talbot was a man who underwent such a profound psychic change - one necessary to put an end to his alcoholism. ..AA is all about trying to achieve and maintain such a spiritual awakening without recourse to any specific religious dogma or practice which appears to have figured greatly in the case of Matt Talbot. AA is a spiritual program of living that can be easily acomplished by the athiest and agnostics as well as any person of a particular faith or sect. In AA it's down to the individual to choose and cultivate a higher power of their understanding. If out and out asceticism floats your boat then good luck to you. Me I'm happy just abstaining from alcohol and I welcome with open arms the rest that life has to offer (in moderation) but then I have the fellowship of AA to help me - Matt Talbot was born too soon for AA...
If you are looking for reasons to bash AA - this could possibly be stretched into one.  Thing is his writings help some people so does the bible or the Koran for that matter - nobody is forcing you to read them..And there are other points you might use to bash AA too but why bother?..Another point:..If you have family members who are recovering alcoholics they probably have your number to several decimal points.  You simply may not like what they are saying.  ..
what's unhealthy about getting sober???  no--you really just don't get the horrors of alcohol addiction--so why are you so disturbed???
