-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1beiln/sometimes_i_feel_a_bit_shaky_and_then_i_think/

I've had anxiety issues throughout my early 20's and I used to think i'd have to be drunk all the time just to avoid not getting a panic attack. The single best thing I have done to treat that anxiety since deciding to quit in October (but relapsing twice) was quit drinking alcohol. I was a nervous wreck obsessed with having a drink near my bedside in case I woke up in a panic and I sometimes did in the dampness of my own sweat. ..I need to realize that the bottles of wine on the kitchen counter upstairs are there because my mom decided to have people over and serve them wine and if i'm around it and feel shaky and even get a thought in my head that I could have a glass it's a gateway to the total insanity that alcohol brought into my life. I need to remember that i'm always either a nap a good rest a healthy meal or a short bit of exercise away from feeling alright again and that this underlying "shakiness" that I feel may just be me getting used to what it is to be human and sober growing up. Having nerves is just a part of life and it's good to have a sensitive mind. When I feel things these days I usually feel them very thoroughly. The best is knowing authentically that I am happy in a moment because of no substance or thing helping me escape from life but just sober authentic happiness. I cherish that and try not to be a victim of sadness and misery. ..I sleep better than i've ever slept. Alcohol inhibits deep sleep and agitates the mind which is probably why I used to toss and turn and wake up almost hourly during my heavy drinking. I am grateful that I can sleep a solid sleep. I'm just new and so getting used to the luxury of sober sleep is great. It's a solid cheap habit. I must remind myself of all the simple benefits of being sober every so often when dwelling on the tiny off feeling of being alive so heavily from time to time...I just felt like sharing. I couldn't be around the easter evening dinner party tonight. I had to go outside and go be with sober friends for a couple hours. It's leagues beyond where my mental state would be right now if I had taken a drink even just a few short hours ago...Good night friends. It helps to see the progress around here.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome! Keep up the great work!.
Congrats!  I'm in my early 20's and have anxiety issues.  I use alcohol as a crutch to fend off anxiety which of course is stupid because it leads to massive panic attacks when I try to quit.  Just went through my latest insane withdrawal a few days ago.  feeling much better now.  It's great to hear that you are feeling revitalized!  Thanks for sharing!
Yea for me the worst thing for anxiety was drinking. It actually was the *cause* of my anxiety in the first place and I drank more to relieve it. It didn't work out too well.. .Glad you found out about sober sleep it really is the best.. .I drink lots of chamomile tea.
I have found that visiting people who are in detox helps me as much as them . Probably more. I get to see what I was like at that time.  Not making any sense when I talk denial fear confusion and shame.  I let them know there is hope and they remind me what it was like. Priceless sobriety tool 
