-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1bihwf/where_do_your_cravings_come_from/

I watched this movie last night and it was the best recovery flick I've ever seen. It stayed true to the recovery process had an accurate showing of AA and really catalogued the main struggles (at least for me) that recovery brings on...There was also a scene very early where the protaganist drank a beer in the shower before going to work. Watching her do that and remembering how good 420s tasted in the morning in the shower brought on a very powerful craving for me. Probably the strongest I've had...Do you still get cravings? How are they brought on?
----------immediate responses--------

In AA a craving is what develops after taking the first drink the obsession is what leads us to the first drink...With that out of the way nothing brings on the obsession to drink anymore.  The last wistful desire was while watching CBS Sunday morning a year or so ago when Dan Aykroyd was promoting a vodka he was producing and sitting with the interviewer while both were munching on a corn beef sandwich while sipping on a tumbler of the stuff.  I thought that'd be cool to sit with Dan freaking Aykroyd who seemed to be having a blast and sharing in that moment.  I recalled the warm feeling in my stomach when the alcohol would land and the mental fuzzyness that would follow. Dan didn't seem quite right though. He seemed a little to hyped up.  Just like I used to be when setting off toward another buzz.  Then I thought briefly and realized I had no desire to put myself and those I love through the misery that follows even that first drink.  And I was OK with that then and still am now.
I still think about drinking and/ or using; but then I think about *not* drinking and/ or using.  I don't want to live through that hell again.  Good luck to you.   Keep trudging. 
No.
Cravings are extremely rare for me. I haven't had a *serious* craving since around the 3-4 month mark. But when I got them I could usually identify one of two triggers. Either I had a bad day exaggerate that bad day to the point of "my life sucks i hate everything" and just want to hit the fuck-it switch. "What's the point of being sober if my life is still going to suck?" That sort of thinking. But then I do something like get some exercise or fresh air and those feelings magically disappear...The other trigger is getting nostalgic and sentimental about the good ol' days drinking with friends and family and how much fun that would be. But it turns out I have fun with those people regardless of whether I'm drinking. Not everything I used to enjoy is still enjoyable to me. I used to play with stuffed animals and imaginary friends too but I grew out of those as well...tl;dr I don't get cravings much anymore but I've learned to analyze where they're coming from and how to counter them.
Nope. I even bottled a bunch of booze and didn't have a drink. I was amazed at how I didn't want it.
Thats' not craving. A craving is the physical reaction when you have already drunk some alcohol and you crave more and more and more. It's this craving which defines the alcoholic. What you are describing is what comes after an alcoholic stops drinking something far worse. Something that centres in the  mind - a mental obsession with drinking. If left unchecked this mental obsession will always take an alcoholic of my type back to drink. Then of course once I have the one drink I'm doomed again because the physical craving kicks in...The longer I stayed away from booze the larger the mental obsession grew - the obsession that someday somehow I'd be able to safely drink like normal people without the craving for more and more and more coming back became so large for me a few months after everytime I stopped that I always gave in...Eventually I learned that this obsession was a delusion and if I wanted to stay sober the delusion that I culd ever drink like other people had to be smashed...I no longer have such a delusion - it has been removed from me. It's been close on 3 years since I had an obsessive thought about alcohol. I haven't even had a drinking dream in that long which proves that it has been removed from my subconcious as well. - Nothing triggers me these days - absolutely nothing whereas before everything used to - waking up everyday was my triger. ..Good luck - if you do as I do the obsession will be removed. All I did was show up at AA meetings and become willing to try something new. The more I practice the principles contained in AA's 12 steps in my daily life the more assured I am that a lifelong obsession with alcohol will never come back. Without the obsession I need never take another drink and If I don't take that first drink the craving will never come back.
No cravings here. ..My life has improved far far to much to "crave" a liquid that will probably kill me or at the very least make my life way way worse. ..If I was ever faced with a craving I'd look back to the fat sweaty depressed anxious weak stress-out irresponsible slob I was five months ago. I'd compare him to the fit slim strong calm responsible healthy dude looking back at me in the mirror. It's not even a choice anymore. 
Mine are random as fuck. My mom was showing me the tulips that have started popping up in her garden which reminded me of a Facebook photo of a sprig of mints a friend of mine grew which caused me to hear an obnoxious yet still subtle little whisper..."you should have a mojito". So I guess I still have some work to do ahead of me. 
Like raevie has said my 'cravings' usually come up from either deep feelings of help-/hopelessness or nostalgia for my drinking days. I should also note I've had a desire to drink at the start of the few drinking functions I've attended...But very shortly after thinking things through I know drinking would only make me more worthless more hopeless so it's not desirable against that. And when I think of the 'good ole days' or stare at my peers as they sip their drinks I quickly realize how much more I make them laugh when I'm sober how much happier I am to spend time with them without the blur of alcohol and the desire fades...I'm not saying this will be enough to keep me sober long term (I'm still really new to this) but the obsession I had with drinking is already so diminished compared to what it used to be.
