-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1bmzas/i_thought_i_had_this_beat/

A while back lets say a year ago...I was a real piece of shit.  I drank nonstop and did every drug you can think of.  I burnt bridges with family and friends and lost my apartment my job and my pets..So almost 3 months ago I decided to change my life.  I went to rehab I moved 300 miles away from home and set out to make a new life for myself..I started going to NA and aa every opportunity I had I have a sponsor and I'm trying to do the right thing..I found a job a place to live and a little bit of dignity.  I could look at myself in the mirror and be proud.  .My family started to notice after awhile and my little brother told me how much he loves me and how I'm his role model because of the hardships I've faced. And I've always persevered.  My life is not easy it actually sucks.  But after 80 days clean and sober I started to see there was a better life for me all along... And I was proud of myself..Then...I stopped going to meetings I stopped talking with my sponsor and I stopped caring so much because I felt like I had beaten this.  My addiction was magically cured..But it isn't and wasn't.  I am an alcoholic drug addict.  It's a fact of life that I recognize.  I know I'll never be cured but it's so hard to do the right thing.  A week ago a person I know offered me xanex.  A lot of it for cheap. After 80 days clean...I didn't even hesitate I didn't even think about it.  I bought them...just out of impulse. .I didn't think it would be a big deal but it was.  I took 31 xanex in 2 or 3 days.  I have absolutely no idea what I did after that.  My memory is gone.  Apparently I went to work all fucked up and my boss noticed.  I initially lied but then told the truth because he knows I struggle with addiction.  I didn't get fired just reprimanded.  I feel like a fool because there is now almost a week of my life missing out of my memory..I told my sponsor and my NA and aa groups as well.  They are so supportive of me and I don't understand why.  I'm a piece of shit addict who can't get it together.  Everyone tells me I am beating myself up too much over it but I can't stop thinking about how I let myself and my little brother and my family down.  Addiction is hard to beat. .With the memory loss that comes with xanex I have bruises cuts scrapes and knuckles busted up.  Who or what did I hit?  I lashed out at my aunt and uncle and tried to extort money out of them...why??? I don't know...I don't remember anything.  I even called the police to see if I had any warrants cuz I just don't know.  .I sincerely want to get better and I know this is a quit drinking forum but alcohol is my doc.  This time it just happened to be xanex that I took.  I don't know why I'm writing all of this down for others to see Maybe somebody who's struggling can learn from my mistakes.  It does feel better to write it down though.  .If you read all this and you think you have a problem...seek help now because addiction only leads to heartache and misery and will destroy every aspect of your life
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you are taking the appropriate steps to deal with your relapse.  Just keep it up. 
ur a drug addict as am i what we do is use drugs and drink it goes against our nature to recover be clean and sober ur aa and Na groups are supportive because they understand its one day at a time one minute at a time in my expierence ive learned two things there is a god and im not him keep it up bud get out of ur head u know what uve got to do help some one else and reach out for help as well i dont know u or even ur name but i care about you and i wish u the best.-Dumpy
You've been standing up you got knocked down and now you learned about that and you're standing up again. You're doing what you need to do. Hope you don't beat on yourself to much for getting knocked down and good on you for standing back up. 
You've stumbled and dusting yourself off.  Be proud that you still know what you are.  A lot of folks forget and move back into denial...it's happened to me before...Benzo's are a helluva drug - freaking hate benzo's with a passion (my addict brain loved them)
You've stumbled and dusting yourself off.  Be proud that you still know what you are.  A lot of folks forget and move back into denial...it's happened to me before...Benzo's are a helluva drug - freaking hate benzo's with a passion (my addict brain loved them)
