-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1bpxpl/relapse_45_days/

I'm still fairly buzzed but I will try my damnest to be coherent. I've been working a lot out of town. I got the urge to have a beer. I thought that 45 days sober ment I could have a social drink. It does not. It lead to a bout of depression.  I'm mad at myself. Ill reset my flair...
----------immediate responses--------

Mind sharing what happened? I struggle with the idea of having a casual beer with my Dad in a few months or some similar instance and then falling right back into old habits. It would be nice to hear a firsthand account but if you're not game I understand...
It happens unfortunately. Best of luck to you sir one day at a time.
45 days sober is not trivial. You did something great for yourself and you're about to continue doing it. Take the learning and keep on your path. Your days will add up pretty quickly again. Get some sleep please don't beat yourself too badly. 
Thanks for telling on your self and welcome back!  I know how you feel and I've let myself down big time more than once.  Just accept the idea that you needed more information about alcohol in order to stay sober and get your badge back!  Thanks for posting.
[deleted]
Hug. See you tomorrow. 
That sucks Wenedot. I have been using AA techniques and going to meetings. I call fellow alcoholics. I aim to show some humility. But I still sometimes find myself asking if I want to risk it and have another drink. Thank you for sharing. Relapse stories help realign my own bearing and give me thought into what I want out of the next 24 hours. I wish you the best. Please post more.
I recently took a job that requires travel. Back when I was drinking this would mean non-stop drinking the whole trip. Now it means I get to go to new AA meetings in new towns and meet new people. It is awesome!
I got to 40 and blew it.   Later I got to 39 and blew it.  ..Then I learned what you just said:  I cannot have a drink ever because it turns my life to shit.  Embrace that.  It is not bad news.  In fact it is the key to your happiness.   And everyone else here for that matter.  ..Be mad at yourself for forgetting that if you must.   But keep it brief.   If you have to get mad at anything make it the alcohol.
Most of us have 'slipped up' on multiple occasions just keep trying. Don't be too mad at yourself go over what lead to your drinking and learn from your actions. 
I can't tell you how many times I've gotten 30 60 and 90 day chips. I keep my sock drawer filled them to remind me every morning what it was like to come back that many times and that I don't have to do it again even if I want to drink...It's never too late and the key is to learn from it when it happens. Keep showing up. Once you get through a rough day of wanting to drink you get to the other side and realize that it's possible and it's like a whole new world opens up. Reach out!
