-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1brnlz/struggling_today/

Just over 3 weeks without a drink.  It's the first nice day out of the spring in Philly and everyone is out enjoying the weather grabbing a drink outside and generally looking ecstatic.  Girls are getting done up and there is just an awesome vibe out in the street right now.  My brain is telling me that I have this drinking thing under control that I can go have a few beers and enjoy the weather just like everyone else.  It's saying "so yeah.. this stopping drinking was just a phase.  Look! Look at how much fun you could be having!!"  I know this is a sickness and it really does fuck with you.  ..What really sucks is that I can't just go out there and enjoy it sober.  I mean I'm sure that I can.. I enjoy being around people all day.  It's just the urge to drink is in the back of my mind the entire time that I become overwhelmingly anxious and can't focus or enjoy myself until I get that first beer.  How do you guys get over this?  So much of my social life has revolved around drinking for the past 10 years I don't know what to do with myself.  
----------immediate responses--------

It is hard to find the resolve to stay sober on your own. That's why so many of us are in a program; AA SMART whatever. These programs can help you learn to live as sober person in a world full of drinkers. I'm a year in and my life without booze is 100 times better than it was before. Still there is no way I could do it alone. This s/r is a great resource but not not a replacement for connecting with other alcoholics face to face. Good luck.
[deleted]
Think of the morning after!
I've been dry for about the same amount of time. I've been trying to go out as much as i can as my cravings are strongest when i'm alone with my thoughts. Other people drinking doesn't bother me once i tell myself before i go out that at least for today i wont drink. I then go out with friends and interact as much as i can with others. I always have a drink in my hand. Usually a water or a soda water. I sip it and take a deep breath after. Usually the craving goes away. It helps if your friends know you are sober. A quick warning though. after i get back home the cravings hit really hard. So have something to do planned for when you get home. All the best. I hope some of this is helpful..
In NY there were sober softball leagues when I came in bet Philly has something like that.  
I'm still working on this one.  However I don't think weather or life conditions are what makes us want to drink.  We will always have a good reason in our minds.  Also this whole being sober thing is still pretty new and may take some getting used to.  
[deleted]
Well for me it helps me to watch the people that drink. Like it looks so fun at first but as it goes on you'll see all the negative shit that comes with drinking. But you should try something new today that you wouldn't normally do. You have to associate good weather with other things than drinking. Try to remember that when tomorrow's nice the same people drinking today won't be out enjoying it. You will though if you stay sober. ..Also you have to stop thinking of the positive shit with drinking. Find something really negative about and think about that when you feel the urge. Like I remember how bad off I was when I was drinking and remind myself everyday so it stays fresh in my memory. .
