-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1bto6a/advise_to_be_social/

I need help.  I am a 37 y/o gal who just quit drinking on Monday.  I used to be a very social person and due to the fact that I live alone I really need to be around people on a regular basis...This week has been way harder than I thought but I have been going to meetings so that I can be around others yet not be tempted to drink.  Every day if I can make it till 9 pm (when the liquor stores close) I know I can make it though that day...So already going out and about I run into people whom I don't want to tell that I'm sober (because I am afraid that if I mess up it will then be a public opinion about me) and they always are throwing comments out about getting drinks together or whatnot.  So far I have been able to handle it...Tonight I have a good friend's graduation party...she when back to college for a second career.  I missed her actual commencement due to the fact that I lied and said I was sick so I could instead sit at home and get drunk as I always do...So I was getting out of the shower while getting ready to go and I had this panic that I couldn't go...I just couldn't make myself be in that party atmosphere.  I asked myself "Elisabeth are you just causing drama? Snap out of it!" But no matter what I continued to panic...Luckily I had a number of a person that I got from my first AA meeting and I called her up and asked her how I could deal with social situations.  I mean I feel like the sooner I get out there the better.  She advised me that it was okay to stay home and just send a card instead of struggling through something that I wasn't ready for...So my question in all your various situations how long did it take before you were able to face the world sober??..This week has almost been the hardest thing I have ever emotionally had to go through and I feel like I am letting my friends down. ..Please help.  :(
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
You are not letting your friends down.  They will respect you for what you are trying to do when you meet them and tell them the truth.  I am not saying you need to tell them straight away.  When you are ready and comfortable should be ok. They will understand if they know you.  Don't be too hard on yourself for missing this one night as there will be many more in the future.  When I was in your shoes I too felt like a 'bollix' but if they are your friends THEY WILL understand.  Good luck. 
I tried to hit the ground running and socialise as often as possible. I avoided the parties where i knew i would drink and started with small lunches and gatherings where i was comfortable with people. Then i went to a few bigger things as a DD. I did not want to isolate myself. Since i usually did most of my drinking alone I found the cravings relatively bearable when i was out...Word of warning i find that when i get back home I really want to drink...it attacks me like a fucking tiny yappy alco-dog. So i need some activity to keep me busy...If you can manage it keep going out. Talk as much as you can. What i found surprising is how little anyone cares about YOUR drinking. It shocked me that it wasn't even a blip on their minds. They were all too busy drinking and having fun!
Perhaps if you didn't feel obligated to discuss your status with other people it would be easier--but provided you have a plan so that this doesn't make it harder not to drink. I try to think through where I'm going and what I will do--I will get nice ice tea or a ginger ale or hot tea--playing that forward so that I know what I will order when asked and don't have to think. ..In any case I do not feel obligated to explain my drink choices. If someone asks I'll just generally look surprised at the question and say "because that's what I want." I would answer that once the second time would be more along the lines of responding with my own question such as "why did you choose to wear that shirt today?" if I'm feeling fun; or "none of your business Slappy" if I'm getting churlish. That really doesn't happen often at all. Maybe a couple of times in the last 6 months...I think your friends would understand--if they are more than drinking buddies--that you are doing something difficult and brave which you are. You're not letting them down I think as much as you are being a good friend by taking care of yourself and your health. I hope that they understand that and that you can have some empathy for yourself. Good luck and it will get easier as you sprout these new wings.
I think you're doing a great job if you're already thinking ahead to getting out around people. Meetings are perfect for this and I think if you keep showing up for those you'll see that they provide the perfect atmosphere for you to practice being in social situations. I did a lot learning to hold my head up and make eye contact in AA. I also learned a lot about pasting on a smile and faking it until you make it...For me confidence came slowly but once I started to add days up I couldn't help but have a little more of a stride in my step. I think you'll start to see that change too once you get a little more comfortable in your skin.
