-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cc8d3/just_poured_10_beers_down_the_drain/

When did going to the gas station buying a 12 pack and then wondering if that will be enough for the night become the norm? Better add a bottle of wine to that. Drinking 9+ beers every single night. Didn't realize how excessive that was because it's become normal...I don't even want to go out and do things with other people sometimes (though I force myself to) because I know I won't be able to get as drunk and then I'll have to worry about a DUI. I might be too tired by the time I get back to pound 6-7 more...My apartment is a fucking mess. Trash overflowing tons of pizza boxes and 12 pack boxes. I legitimately didn't connect this with my drinking until I read about this in a few of the other threads. My thought process: "Well I just need more trash cans"..I've been through worse phases than this. Like when I lived with my parents and didn't have a job or anything but this feels somehow worse...I'm fucking sick of this. With all the goals I have if my boss knew that I lived like this he would never look at me the same way. I know this probably isn't as bad as a lot of people. I struggle with the label "alcoholic" because I'm relatively goal oriented in other areas of my life. It still feels like I'm living. I don't drink during the day (though that was starting to change on weekends...)..Posting stuff like this on the internet is hard because there's no way people can really *know* you you're just choosing what to provide about yourself...This isn't the first time I've tried to stop. I know what I want out of life and I need to figure out a way to stop using alcohol. The idea of being sober sounds great. I want this really bad...I don't think I will have any physical issues with stopping. I hope not at least. I'm glad this community exists.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
If I were in your position I would harness my stress and clean my apartment at the very least get rid of the pizza/beer boxes. Then I would log onto www.aa.org and find a meeting near me and attend it. Preferably tonight and at latest tomorrow. My two cents
This sounds exactly like me a year ago. Always making sure I had enough to drink around the house especially for after I got home from the bars. Thinking I'm ok because I didn't drink in the daytime. Messy apartment. Thinking I don't have a problem because even though I drink every night I don't get sloppy or black out drunk and other guys get way worse than I do. You're in a good place right now dude. If you're like me the physical side of detox should be relatively easy. Sleep will come difficult at first but it gets so much better. Pour your energy into cleaning your apartment. Get some physical activity. Even walking in the park is a great start! Eat well.  Lean protein like chicken breast or fish over greens. Drink lots of water. Watch out for those sugar cravings! See if there are some support groups or there in your area but don't rely on them completely. Someone to be accountable to is a good thing! Do your best to stay positive and know that it does get hard sometimes but it also does get so much better! Also message me any time if you need to vent or just need some advice or encouragement!  You can do this! 
Dude I'm *right* where you are...Everything in my apartment is literally the result of five years of drunken neglect. Nothing's been cleaned in all that time there's bottles and trash everywhere I barely even *remember* what my carpet color is but I'm sure by /now/ it's a different color than it originally was.....Yesterday (Day 1) I couldn't sleep so around 2AM I took out about eight bags of trash and cleaned the bajeezus out of my shower; even had to clear five years' worth of gunk out of the drain...Now my apartment consists of an utterly trashy bathroom with a gleaming tub and the rest of it is a complete wasteland with a three-foot-square clean patch. An outside observer would think it's utterly ridiculous...Fuck hypothetical outside observers; I'm making *progress* and so are you. You're able to *realize that you're in a bad place* and you *want* it to end and that's very significant...It feels overwhelming if you look at the big picture. But take everything just a little bit at a time. For me the two problems (drinking and "hoarding") are just "too big" to deal with without breaking them down into tiny almost microscopic chunks...Our apartments seem like metaphors for our lives don't they?..You can't clean the entire place in one day. Instead clean your tub one day. The next day maybe clean your toilet. Or do however much you're comfortable with doing while still creating some kind of improvement. ..For me my project today is to collapse all of the empty 12-pack boxes in my bedroom and collect all the empties in there. I'm getting tired of walking to and from my bed being an *adventure*; drunk-me just never cared (and rarely left the bed anyway).
[deleted]
Alcoholic refers to nothing more than how you react to alcohol. ..http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/..Read through that - a post I wrote about my coming to terms with the label despite not "qualifying" as the skid-row old unemployed divorced drunk. 
You know what is one of the greatest thing of sobriety is? To not worry if you have bought enough booze or how to get more booze especially when others around you are satisfied with one beer and simply enjoy the conversations. ..Alcohol made me demotivated. My apartment and especially my kitchen was always looking like a mess loaded with empty bottles and left-overs from the last drunk fast-food-binging. I had the luck that once a week a lady came over and cleaned my rooms but the days between TH and MO weren't pleasant...Good luck! You can do it. Even I've made it to 5months+
After about 48 hours of detox I threw away all the beer cans in my apartment and calculated the price (in dollars) of each. I was at around $400 by the time that was done. That's about 2 months worth. Not to mention the (at least) $100/week I spent at the bar...So that figures out to about $1200 in two months. I make about $900/month so that's 2/3 of my income and I'm looking at the low end here...I'm totally at pauper level but quitting the booze has made me feel like a prince...EDIT: Due to a shoddy connection this got posted to the wrong thread but it's still just as applicable here. Stop now before your booze is 2/3 of your income!
That was me 138 days ago.   I eventually went to buying 18-packs every afternoon.   And then the big nightmare was when the store was out of those.   Do I get a 30-pack?  Because that's just asking for trouble isn't it?..Right.  Cutting out of work early to drink 16 beers on a Tuesday is just plain Tuesday.   But 19 or 20 beers?   Whoa there.  That's over the line...That is not sarcasm.   That is a conversation I used to have with myself...I'm very glad you want sobriety really bad.  That truly is the key.   Find enough good people to talk to and you can have it I swear.
&gt;I struggle with the label "alcoholic" because I'm relatively goal oriented in other areas of my life. It still feels like I'm living...I can understanding struggling when it comes to identifying yourself as an alcoholic. I struggled with it for a long time. Most alcoholics are relatively goal oriented in other areas of their lives. Most of them would never dream of making the kind of poor decisions they do when it comes to drinking. ..&gt;Posting stuff like this on the internet is hard because there's no way people can really know you you're just choosing what to provide about yourself...There is a great solution for you. A way for you to become more intimately involved in your recovery... a support group such as AA. People will be able to truly know you and you will be able to know them. Give it a try!. 
[deleted]
If you choose to do this and make some serious changes in your life for your health and goals I promise you - you will experience a happiness unlike you've ever experienced before. Keep those goals and keep busy at the beginning of your sobriety. Every day sober you are making progress. You can do it and you will want to be around people with a more passionate presence than ever. Walk with us!
Found a term that accurately depicts my situation a stinkin drinkin messaholic. 
[deleted]
