-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cefb9/update_finally_told_my_wife_and_got_a_sponsor/

The conversation didn't go as well as I would have liked but it could have been a lot worse. She's upset about the deceit but has offered her support and even applauded my courage for speaking out....I have a great daily AA meeting that I've been attending for a couple of weeks. But until I was able to be honest with my wife I knew I wouldn't be able to begin counting days....So here goes. I've been struggling with this for 20 years +...**UPDATE:** I'm on day 6 and feeling really good. An amazing thing has happened that I never would have imagined I have gained self respect. I don't think I've ever had it before. I've faked it and gained strong confidence in certain areas of my life over the years but underneath it all I have always felt a deep sense of shame and lack of self worth since I was a little boy....I started heavy drinking in my early teens and then began abusing drugs shortly thereafter. Always trying to cover up or 'plug' the hole of misery I felt inside. That misery has gone and in it's place is a glow of self respect and confidence. It's simply an amazing feeling. Better than any 'high' I've ever felt and it's real....I understand that it's early days and it's not all going to be a bed of roses. But I've had a taste of what it feels like to like myself and be proud of myself and I'm not fucking going back to that hell hole. No fucking way....My wife also seems to be coming around. Thank you all for helping me stay sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Bravo! Keep coming back! 
Congrats! That feeling is you truly taking control of your life on your terms.  It's a great one indeed heres to day 7!
If you have some adjusting to do so does your wife.  It all will take time.
You're on a really steep part of this hill you're climbing and you're doing great. Glad you got a taste of something better--that's inspiring. Thank you for helping me. 
Your story sounds a lot like mine around early drug and alcohol abuse and the reasons why. You're on the right path and it only gets better! Congrats for starting over on a new life.
juat take it a day at a time. evrything gets better. am glad you found a sponsor to help you through the steps
Even at 14 months self respect self esteem and self loathing are things I struggle with...I am happy you are feeling better!  Keep up the good work.
[deleted]
and it has only been 6 days!  It gets better every day so long as you don't take that first drink
Way to go! Take note of this awesome feeling you have and keep it some where safe and close to your heart. Use it as a reminder/tool down the road if you are feeling low. We are all here for you.
Wow! Way to go. It sounds like the program is having an impact on you. Congratulations. Keep it up.
