-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1d0386/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: I ran my whole running route yesterday morning without walking. Woot!..Struggle: I'm struggling to be patient with a friend who reminds me of me five years ago. Gosh I was annoying...General chat: Man I love sleeping for many many uninterrupted hours. It's fabulous...Have a great 24 hours folks!..(This is the first time I've done a WuW. I really enjoy reading them each week so hope I'm not breaking any protocol!)
----------immediate responses--------

struggles: having a hard time getting myself motivated to start/finish projects around the house i know I have to do...triumph: got two offers on our house finally have the nerve to move something my wifes wanted to do for years...general: just happy to be sober. i had a head ache the other day and was comparing it to a hangover suddenly the head ahce wasnt quite as bad as i thiought it was
    /me looks around..What have you done with /u/NoMoreBeersPlease!?!  :)..Struggle: I've been getting some irrational depression and anger recently.  Of course that brings on thoughts of drowning it...Triumph: still sober still getting healthier still here...General chat: ahh sleep.  Sweet nectar.  Good sleep is one of the gifts we receive after we stop pouring poison down our throats.  Stupidly I stayed up late last night obsessing over a new purchase (I **need** a new mechanical keyboard my old one's luster has been depleted) and am dragging this morning..
Triumph: Had an extremely productive day yesterday. Went and had an eye exam and bought new glasses/lenses (haven't had an eye exam in over 5 years. It was long overdue) hit up a meeting set up a time to do my 3rd step with my sponsor and my job is starting to go a lot more smoothly...Struggle: Still having a hard time with a 3rd shift schedule and because I had such a busy day yesterday I was up for about 24 hours before I finally got some sleep. That made me a little bit testy towards my mother with whom I am already fairly short tempered with. I need to work on letting her be her without it affecting me...General Chat: After staying up for 24 hours I slept for 12 to find snow on the ground. Not much but still...snow. We've had one winter but what about 2nd winter?
Struggle: ten days sober and i'm impatient. I expect too much. I wake up really early and by the time it's noon i wish it were time to go back to bed...Triumph: running in the morning feels great. I can run faster and longer. I'm not hiding i'm trying to face the world sober and it's not as scary as i thought!..General: I'm so happy about my decision to quit. I'm still not sure how to reward myself (i'm going for 30 days sober). Suggestions?..Good luck everyone!
Struggles: pfft right now nothing! I'm on Cloud 9! This morning however I started to get very nervous about this new person I'm dating. I need to remember to not let my insecurities run wild and to surrender control to my higher power...Triumph: CLOSING ON MY HOUSE ON TUESDAY!! Going to do the final walk through on Monday so flipping stoked. I also procured a sponsor we are meeting up tonight for the first time...General Chat: I'm so grateful that today has been busy at work lately I've been so bored. I love a little excitement now and then keeps me on my toes!!..Happy Wednesday everyone!
Triumph: Started work today. FINALLY. After nearly a year of being unemployed and lazy. The job is going to kick my ass physically and I'll need to build some strength but I made money today for the first time in almost a year. Feels good man...Struggle: My job is 30 miles from my house. My SO is 1800 miles from me. I miss him. ..General: Got my wisdom teeth out last Friday. Not fun but they let me keep them. Going to make a necklace. ..Hope you all are well!
