-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1d5dw5/kicking_alcoholand_addictions_behind_a_pep_talk/

hi everyone. ..you know a lot of us have been or are just starting to or will go through the metamorphosis of quitting the drink...some of us may label ourselves as sober an alcoholic addict etc. and carry the weight of that label until who knows when. ..i am a proud alcoholic but i want and have been striving to become more than that: the self that uses kindness patience and understanding to deal with living.  the self that i always dreamed of but due to faulty wiring couldn't...the ' i can't do it' and 'sobriety is too hard' gets replaced with 'what's next!?' and ' i can handle this' and:..'even if things suck at least i'm clear headed enough to know that i am good enough for my self again and i am kicking addiction's behind by being the example i know i've always been.'..in my opinion it's a fucking cop out to give in to your own weakness by acting like a wounded victim because you don't have a crutch like alcohol to mask your real problems anymore. ..seek help! ..kick addiction's ass on all fronts.  if therapy is good for you- do it!  if you like a group setting try AA or SMART.  ..hell sit on an egg to see if it hatches  if that keeps you from using!..no more teetering on the edge of relapse...no more feeling ashamed or lost because you can't have the bottle...no more counting moments instead of living them...no more consent to weakness...no more looking down or away. ..no more 'i can't.'..my armor is my clear mind.  my weapon is my new found understanding. ..(if i can remain clear anyone can.).
----------immediate responses--------

Thankyou for posting this it makes my friday better and it sheds some light on my shitty situation right now. I know I can get through this I've done it before ill do it again.
Amen! Thank you! ..One more thing I'd add that I'm learning: there is NOTHING WRONG with feeling. Let yourself feel everything. Even if you're feeling sadness or fear be curious about it and explore it. That's so much more worthwhile than drinking! 
Looking forward to my first sober weekend in YEARS. Thanks for the pep talk! For me i realized that many of us focus on the negative aspects of being sober the whole 'what will I do now without drinking'  im thinking of all the things i AM going to do with the extraa time/money. Looking forward to it!
Bravo!
Well said~.
That's an awesome way to look at things. Definitely brightened my upcoming weekend. 
