-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1d7015/recently_been_going_to_meetings_and_im_seriously/

I am struggling with the possibility that I am an alcoholic but I am not entirely certain and am still unready to quit using. ..I am a child of a severe alcoholic (my family has a long history of alcoholism and drug abuse) and so I have an obvious predisposition to the disease. I have been known this for most of my life and have always been acutely aware that I am severely at risk. Despite this I have been drinking since I was 14 (I'm 24 now) have experimented with drugs and yet I always seemed to think that because my father was such a serious alcoholic that definition did not apply to me because I wasn't "as bad as him." ..I know I went through a series of college years when i was depressed and I was drinking every day and clearly had an issue with dependence. Now that I'm done with school I've been very successful with my job and can go days/weeks without needing to drink... however the issue is that when I do drink I lose control completely. I can never control the intake and almost always drink until I'm completely shitfaced-- often blacking out missing obligations the next day (calling in sick or being late to work; sometimes on weekends waking up at noon after a blackout after missing appointments in the morning) and putting myself in risky and compromising situations.This doesn't happen often (once a week/two weeks) Even now that I don't have the compulsion to drink everyday my tolerance has not subsided and I'm never "drunk enough" in social situations despite the fact that I'm conscious and ashamed of my behavior before/after it happens. ..I have a good friend that's been in recovery for 13 years and I have been going with her to meetings... however I am struggling with introducing myself as "alcoholic." I'm not sure if I am. I relate with a lot that is said during meetings but I don't have thoughts of alcohol everyday and I'm not sure I'm ready to stop drinking. ..Can anyone relate? Are these typical symptoms of alcoholism? Is this denial? Should I quit now? Help. ..EDIT : Thanks for the advice everyone. You've given me a lot to think about. Obviously I need to become more educated about this and start reevaluating the way I look at alcoholism. Seriously thank you. .
----------immediate responses--------

The harm in quitting is significantly less than the harm in continuing drinking. So you could look at it that way for now...I think the key is here your family history but the kicker is that when you start you can't stop. That's the hallmark of my problem with alcohol. I cannot stop once I start...At one point I did not have the compulsion to drink everyday but it happened. I don't know if that will happen to you but for the love of yourself put the drink down. It's benefits are minimal and there's a possibility of a world of hurt if you don't stop...Of course I would have never listened to this advice before my addiction got bad. I loved it too much and I was in deep denial...Whatever it is just keep going to those meetings. You don't need to qualify as an alcoholic. If you believe you have a problem with alcohol you're welcome in AA. ..Also welcome.
That's the waterfall effect as I call it. It's when you open the floodgates and you can't stop. It's pretty bad for your health to do this and you can get into lots of legal trouble too...Constant binges can cause [Kindling](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_%28sedative-hypnotic_withdrawal%29) . Basically every binge makes your withdrawal profile a little worse. It takes a long time for it to get bad but it will slowly get worse. ..Basically the hangovers might get worse and your overall outlook might get worse. The binges could get more frequent to compensate...Food for thought not everyone goes down the same path...
'Blacking out.'..Normal drinkers don't black out in fact most people woud be scared to death if they learned they been in a black out...Why would you risk the consequences of actions taken in a black out?
My definition of alcoholism is "the inability to predict the outcome". I too was able to go extended lengths of time without a drink but when I did drink look out brother. I became a blackout traveling drunk. I like to say that I came to "in strange places with strange people". Sometimes it would be 2-3 days later and the relationship and work repercussions were always very bad indeed. ..Have you started reading the book yet. If not please start. If you have one I would recommend starting with the "jaywalker" story. It helped me see the alcoholic behavior in my life pretty clearly. I think it is on page 29...It sounds like you may need to reevaluate your definition of what an alcoholic is it helped me when I did..
My dad was a severe alcoholic as well.  For several years all he did was drink all day every day.  Since he didn't have a job he drank Listerine because it was cheap.  He finally got his shit together and stopped...It took me a long time to realize that I was an alcoholic because I saw him as an example of what a true alcoholic was but there are different levels to it.  You don't have to let your life get as bad as possible before you realize that you have a problem...You don't have to drink everyday to be considered an alcoholic.  ..You don't have to drink in the mornings to be considered an alcoholic.  ..You don't have to suffer from DTs and withdrawals to be considered an alcoholic.  ..
Forget nit-picking the definitions.  You don't have to call yourself anything.  A desire to stop drinking is the only requirement...If you must belabor  look at definitions of binge drinkers. It is definitely a form of alcoholism. 
Share about not being able to claim the title about note being ready to stop.. share honestly no matter where you are in recovery. There  will be folks who identify.
