-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1dc5mw/how_to_lose_an_entire_weekend/

Man the past two days have not been good for me. On Saturday I went to see a friend and buy some Xanax from him (hey I'm only trying to stop drinking right?)..The rest is kind of a blur but apparently I smoked a cigarette (haven't done that in literally 2.5 years) and on my drive back decided to drink heavily...I remember waking up remembering I drank like it was a bad fucking dream. Then decided "Oh I guess I need to finish the rest of this" and drank all day on Sunday. ..I fucked up my sober time got absolutely nothing done (there was a lot I wanted to get done) and I'm really angry at myself. Combined with my spotty memory it feels like I literally skipped two days of my life...Trying to struggle with the embarrassment anger and shame about this. Promising myself to make an appointment with a psychiatrist. Here's to day 1.
----------immediate responses--------

Or you could hit a meeting sooner. NA AA SMART... helpful people in recovery standing by and ready to support you on your road to sobriety. Just sayin.
I know exactly how that feels. When days like this happend to me I would feel really guilty afterwards. I hope this could be a motivator for you to take your sobriety morr seriously.
[deleted]
If you're like many alcohol isn't your problem. It's the *escape* that's the problem. It's the desire to take that little mini-vacation from reality traveling by way of drugs. You drink and drug because you are unable to cope with the world on the world's terms. Switching from alcohol to another drug doesn't do anything to fix the problem..."My apartment is a mess so I keep the lights off that way I don't have to look at it. But I want to turn the lights on. So now I fill my apartment with smoke instead which saves me from having to look at the mess. But hey at least the lights are on now!"  ..You'd be much better off just cleaning up the mess..
Hey you woke up on the same continent you started on not married to a stranger with 3stepkids no felony warrants what's the problem?..Yeah it might be time to switch trains.
this happened to me except I started on friday night.  an ENTIRE weekend of booze (drugs) and like not one second of it sober up until Sunday night where I was drinking just to fall asleep.. by then I was too fucked up. I couldnt sleep was sweating shaking heart pounding.. all night I just laid there. I could not crossover to the peace that sleep would have been and I probably deserved it.  Up at 8:30 for work and was just a total wreck I went home took a lorazepam and tried to relax. I'm so FUCKING SICK OF THIS SHIT I tell you.  I keep posting and telling myself I'm going to be fine only to fuck up horrendously! (so yeah my badge is very very wrong.  Honestly I'm just sick of resetting it. 
