-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1dfab7/relapsed_this_weekend_might_be_going_to_jail/

Fitst time poster long time lurker. Super stressed out. I'm on probation for a dui. Went out and relapsed two weekends ago (haven't reset my badge.) It was the longest I had been sober in my whole drinking career 6 weeks. Went out again last weekend was DD on Friday. Thought I could go put on Saturday without drinking but I couldn't do it and caved. They ended up calling my color for my random breath tests and this was now my third miss. Probation told me it's three strikes you're out. Put my two weeks in last week coz I got a better job but didn't show up yesterday or today because I can't get out of bed so depressed/want to due. Probably going to lose new job too when they send me to jail. Counsoler said I need to do 90 in 90 which I know I do I'm just soo ashamed to show my face around those people/my sponsor telling them I relapsed AGAIN...Has anyone ever violated their probation and get thrown in jail basically even if they see you're trying to get sober? I feel like I dug myself a new rock bottom and could use some encouraging words.
----------immediate responses--------

The problem is and I mean this gently the judge won't believe you're trying to get sober if this is your third bust.  Judges who aren't in recovery might not get it and even those who are might think they're helping you out by giving you a last chance wake up call and throwing your ass in the pokey...Personally I'd go to work even if you think you're going to lose the job.  You don't want PO/judge thinking you gave up.  Also 2 AA meetings a day.  Better seeing their faces again than the faces of the sad sacks in jail while you twiddle your thumbs.  If you can get on a wait list for more intense treatment that will also show you are taking this seriously...If heaven forbid you end up doing jail time please please don't give up on your sobriety.  You might be able to do work release attend treatment in jail or find something else to do that will help your sobriety when you get out.  Maybe they'll make you serve some weekends...What I mean to say is I really really hope you don't go to jail.  All you can do at this point--which will help your probation and you personally--is fight like hell to maintain your sobriety.  Worst case scenario if you do go to jail it really isn't the end of the world forever just for right now.  You can make it through this.  And your experiences can keep you strong in the future as well as help you help others.  My fingers are crossed for you.
PS: if you have a mental health diagnosis get an appointment with your care provider ASAP.  Again it might help you and your probation.
How is going out and drinking "trying" to get sober?  ..Yes you're going to jail.  Yes you're going to lose your job.  I don't really understand what you want to hear.  That it's all going to be OK?  It's not going to be OK. This is the real world where actions have consequences.  Your life will continue to suck until you get sober for good. It's all up to you. 
[deleted]
Someone told me something pretty amazing at my last meeting.  He said "You weren't ashamed to be seen drinking at a bar were you?"  ..Me:  "No."..Him:  "Then why be ashamed to be seen at an AA meeting?"
&gt; Has anyone ever violated their probation and get thrown in jail basically even if they see you're trying to get sober?..Here is the thing no one is going to see failing three breath tests as trying. If you want to be taken seriously you need to step up. If you failed three random tests they are going to wonder how many times you drank besides that. They aren't throwing you in jail because you aren't trying hard enough. They suspended your sentence even though you put yourself and others at risk by driving drunk and gave you a chance to avoid jail time by changing that behavior. At this point there is no trying just doing. I wish I was saying this in person because there is no way to make this sound gentle in text. You can't change your past here. The best thing to do would be to try like hell to minimize the damage. Talk to your counselor go to as many meetings as you can squeeze in get yourself on a list for an intensive in or out patient program. Perhaps even check yourself into rehab while you await your hearing if you can. Put your car in the care of a trusted friend or relative even...When the time comes you can tell the judge what steps you have been taking since your last fail and how it was your wake up call. You can ask for a lenient sentence or to serve weekends to try and save your employment. They may or may not let you. I know you are scared and ashamed right now. The only way to stop being scared and ashamed is to take action and ask for help. I know it is awful to admit a relapse but go to those meetings! You are not the first and you are not the last it isn't anything they haven't heard! They want to be there for you let them!..This might be an asshole thing to point out but sometimes the people outside ourselves can see us and how we are tripping ourselves up more clearly than we can. I see something in your post:..&gt; *Went out* and relapsed two weekends ago ..&gt; *Went out again* last weekend..How many times have you gone out even if you didn't drink that night? be kind to yourself. Addiction isn't something to test ourselves with. Don't make it harder on yourself. Six weeks is awesome. You can do it again.
Relapses happen and I'm sure that people in AA are used to seeing members have them.  Even if you wind up going to jail it can't hurt to start working on that skill set that will keep you sober once you get out so that your time in jail doesn't happen again in a few years after another DUI...Go to work go to the meetings start building what you can for later.  A good foundation now will make it easier down the road.
&gt;  ashamed to show my face around those people/my sponsor..Those people are us. And for the most part we are a great group. We share a _____ that makes normal drinking impossible for us. Damn near everyone in the room has relapsed at least once you won't be judged. They are there to help you and help themselves by doing so. ..So... let this be rock bottom. It isn't all peaches and daisies but sobriety is truly amazing. Honestly it is a whole new life. ..Get your ass to the doctors office for your health and for a note. Engage your support group and be honest. 90 in 90. ..prayer never hurt anyone. good luck.
Yes I have. I regret it but you can't let the good things get away because of the bad things.
&gt;Went out and relapsed two weekends ago..By "relapse" do you mean you chose to go out with friends to a bar and get drunk? ..You can do this if you want to. At this point it doesn't sound like you want to. You know the consequences yet you still make the choice to drink. If you do decide that this is something you want maybe skip going out for a few weekends. Trust me it won't kill you. 
