-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1dghj3/this_is_my_rock_bottom_im_scared_and_alone_right/

This is the worst I've felt in my life. I wont go into details but I have slowly developed pretty crippling depression and anxiety which has fueled an increase in my drinking. My life has taken a downward spiral in the last few months not necessarily caused by drinking but also not helped by it one bit. I wont go into too much details its been a whirlwind of a year. I started therapy about a month ago and my last session I admitted that I wanted to stop drinking. I told my mom who quit for the first time about 2 years ago and went to rehab one relapse and has been sober a year. She was proud of me for admitting it to myself...Basically last Saturday night my roommate asked me to move out. Her mom owns the house and asked me to leave and didn't give a reason. It could be any number of reasons I don't think I was a terrible roommate but I also wasn't the best but I do know she wants to sell the house and it makes sense to have me gone. I have a friend who had to suddenly move for work and I should be moving into his place later this week which helps us both out. My concern is that the house he lives in is a "party house" and I'm afraid it will be a bad environment. I just don't know what to do.....I've been staying at my parents house my two cats are at my old place and my roommate is watching them.  Her and I work together and we worked tonight she could tell I am not feeling very well. I harbor no ill feelings towards her and will look back on my stay with her as a positive things aside from the challenges I'm facing. The scary part is that my parents are out of the country on vacation so I have been here alone. I've tried to call them every day and have not heard back except for a lone text from my step dad...I just feel so alone right now. I don't know what to do. I know that very soon I will be quitting drinking along side my cousin since we are both from alcoholic families. But I cant do it alone as I am fairly physically dependent on alcohol and don't want to stop without medical help. Its just hard because I want to talk to my mom about what she wants for me but I cant get in touch with her. What should I do? I'm uninsured and scared to go to the ER. My therapist said sometimes general physicians tend to over/under react and I will talk to him more on Thursday...Sorry for the wall text. I know this is a low point in my life but I am remaining POSITIVE that it will get better I just need some help getting there.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Why on Earth would you move into a party-house if you're trying to quit drinking?! BAD IDEA! That simply won't work. It just won't. Please do not do that.
If you are alone go to AA...There you will find comany AND SUPPORT...-Good luck Paul
Thank you for reaching out. That is not easy and it takes a lot of courage! I was in a similar situation. I was in several party houses while sober and moving home (when I could) was the best thing for MY mental health. You are the most important person. If you live near AA meetings or any SMART ( never been to one don't know but it help people ). Go to one. You can find support! Feel free to PM me if you need to talk! You are not a lone!..* AA  http://www.aa.org/lang/en/central_offices.cfm?origpage=373.* SMART  http://www.smartrecovery.org/
