-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1dpkct/advice_re_the_pink_cloud/

hello - so i am nearing the end of day 3 and i feel the pink cloud coming on - what are your experiences with getting past this? i have no appetite (but i am eating) and have been cleaning like crazy and have attended meetings daily and actually shared (something i would never do before and kept relapsing). thank you so much. 
----------immediate responses--------

Read up on Post Acute Withdrawal. It covers what you can expect. I'm on a phone so I can't but there have been posts here about it. 
On Dec 8 I quit for the first time in 30 years. I felt awesome more in control and happier than ever. I was on that "Pink Cloud" and here's what it did for me:  ..It convinced me that I wasn't "one of" those other guys at the meetings. I mean after all I hadn't ended up in jail or wrecked a car or got in a fight. It convinced me that I had I had this under control and that I really didn't need to do the work involved in The Steps. It eventually convinced me that my Pink Invincibility Cloud would protect me when I picked up.  ..It didn't.  ..Just because you feel great doesn't mean that there isn't a process to follow and work to be done. Don't allow yourself to be distracted from either.
"Pink Cloud" means "A feeling of elation typically lasting three to six months fol lowing the cessation of alcohol or drug abuse."  Why would you want to get past that? It's a good thing. Embrace it. .
Congratulations. Great job...The only thing you need to know about the pink cloud feeling - or about any feeling at this point - is that it too shall pass. Early in my moods went from great to gloomy to great again before I got out of bed. When things were going great great but when they weren't I could always hang on to the knowledge that no matter what I felt that would change soon enough. Enjoy the good and keep moving through the bad. That's what I can suggest.
Enjoy it but be sure to hit a meeting every day for the next 87 days. No joke.
The aim is to stay on the pink cloud as long as you can..Some folk manage 20 30 40 50 even 60 years...Good luck - After about 6 months I found myself on cloud 9. Thre years on I have discovered that above cloud 9 there exist cloud 10 11 and 12 - it just goes on and on. Life just gets better the more you learn to deal with it - one day at a time. But if you just stand still and carry on doing what you used to do you'll just get what you used to get - misery.
[deleted]
[deleted]
