-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1e00v6/how_did_you_learn_to_sleep_without_that_nice/

I'm surprised that on my third day without alcohol (in probably 20+ years - really don't know) that this is what I miss the most - the ease of falling asleep. I've always been a light sleeper and before I started drinking on a regular basis I really struggled with sleep...So this week on sober night one and two I tried Advil PM but couldn't feel a thing. I really just need to turn my brain off. The last two nights I've dreamt and obsessed about the stupidest things. How do you sober people fall asleep at night?..I typically drank between 12 and 20 ounces of 90 proof whiskey or vodka plus a few lite beers every night - I know some of you drank more and some less and the amount probably doesn't matter but that might make a difference in terms of falling asleep...I can't be the only one here that has this problem. What has worked for you? What got you through that first 30 days? Is it any easier now (those with long term success)? Thanks!.
----------immediate responses--------

For me: plenty of exercise and don't sleep late even if I was up late (can't--kids to school). So I may have a tired day but will sleep that night. Melatonin very occasionally. If I'm lying awake I generally read something engaging or get up and try to do something useful for a while.
Welcome to my world.  ;)  It's been a couple months now and I still don't sleep well...However I don't think I ever slept well.  Even when I was a kid I remember laying in bed all night awake...I think alcohol over the last 13+ years was one way of medicating myself to sleep...I take diphenhydramine (benadryl) now when I need to force myself to sleep but I don't do it very often so it will be effective when I need it..
I still have big problems with sleep at times.  When it's really bad I have a prescription of trazadone which puts me to sleep but makes me feel really hungover the next day. If I exercise I tend to sleep great and when I don't I attempt to use a meditation technique called 'Body Scan'...My primary reason for posting is to comment on the medications such as Advil PM - I would not take these unless I had a body ache + want to fall asleep.  Diphenhydramine (Benadryl) is the ingredient in these types of meds and unless a pain reliever is wanted why  not just go for the sleep aid itself.  Having said that I abuse Benadryl trying to get a good nights sleep so unless I'm having some major allergic reaction I don't use it...Good Luck - sleep does get better!
Lots of posts here about not sleeping In the first weeks. Your body is pretty smart but will need some time to adapt. ..I thought for years I was an insomniac and *had to* drink. ..Nonsense. I wasn't sleeping I was passing out. There is  world of difference it turns out. Hang in there. 
[deleted]
I started making myself get up earlier tried to be a little more physically active during the day and after a few weeks of that it was much easier to fall asleep. If your thoughts are racing when trying to sleep check out the links in /r/Meditation subreddit too it's helpful! ..Stay hydrated and don't worry your body will adjust!
When I first quit I was extremely worried about sleep.  And like a lot of things related to my early recovery I tried to make it easy on myself...I went and got some Benedryl ([active ingredient](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diphenhydramine)).  At first I took two a night.  I would take them about 60-90 minutes before I **wanted** to go to bed (so around 9:30 PM).  Then I made sure not to even think about walking up to the bedroom until I was actually ready to fall asleep.  Many times that was between 2:30 and 3 AM.  But when I went to bed I slept great.  I woke up tired sometimes but not hungover...As the weeks went on I tapered down to 1 Benedryl then none over a 6 week period (or so).  Throughout the whole period I still made sure not to get in bed until I was ready to fall asleep.  I think that was very important to my process...What I found was that over the 6 weeks the time I went to bed got earlier and earlier until I was going to bed around midnight (close to my target time of 11).  And close to the end I noticed that I didn't need the Benedryl anymore.  I am at the point that I just fall asleep within minutes of hitting the pillow.  I was NEVER able to do that before...Good luck.  And be patient.  Quitting drinking is a huge change for your body your mind and your life.  Expecting perfection on your third day is a lot to ask.  It takes a lot of adjustment and patience.
Alcohol has been shown to disrupt sleep not induce it. 
For me sleeping was the ONLY reason I drank.  My brain is so active all I wanted was to do was turn it off and I've always had a hard time falling asleep growing up. ..I know I'm only a few days back in but earlier this year I spent about 4 weeks sober. At about 2 weeks I went on a business trip for 5 days.  The first night I fell asleep around 10 and woke up at 8 (I NEVER fall asleep before midnight). "That's weird" I thought but just chalked it up to the travel. But the same thing happened the next night. And the rest of that trip. I came to 3 possible conclusions:..1. I was walking about an hour a day throughout the day. I didn't have a car so getting around was on foot. ..2. I wasn't using my bed for anything but sleeping in.  At home I'll lay around watch movies etc. ..3. California cast a glorious spell on me. ..I know everyone's experience varies but as someone who completely relates to what you're saying know that there's hope!  I've probably slept 8 hours total the last 3 nights but I'm still pressing on toward the goal. I'm confident it'll be worth it. ...
-edit- _BIG CONGRATS_ on three days. I remember my last few detoxes the first week was hell. I didn't sleep for more than three hours at a time. It took me a few weeks to get back to normal but it came back. Gradually but it came back. I conk out straight through the night no problem now. Hang in there tough it out...I've been drinking moderately for the last few months after drinking heavily for years. I was dependent on it to be able to sleep. Lots of water and enforced calming activities the last hour of the evening helped me. Don't expect to be able to go from stressful activity straight to bed. Read for an hour or meditate or listen to di.fm's "chillout dreams" station...It's easy to fall into sleep-disruptive habits when you've got a dose of depressant alcohol every day - things like too much light in the late evening too much caffeine (like more than 2 cups of coffee all day) getting angry at things right before bed fixating on ragey annoying things... I had to re-learn how to calm down at the end of the day. That boozey buzz is a nice anaesthetic and your body got dependent on it... once you slog out of the withdrawal you'll need to build good habits. ..That said some days I just can't sleep. Like today. It's not so bad. So I'm a little sluggish the next day... I'll need an extra coffee tomorrow morning and I know I'll sleep better tomorrow evening no big deal.
