-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1e5s3q/day_9_a_little_bit_of_a_struggle/

  So this is day 9 ...Yesterday I had a really awesome day ... Today I struggled a little bit  I found myself trying to rationalize "just" 1 quart of beer  But I knew that would have just been the beginning of my trip back to hell . Because for me 1 is too many and 1000 is not enough . So I get home from work (  without picking up that quart :)  ) . I grab my laptop and come and read some of todays posts . Then its like my mind just shut down I couldn't stay awake  so I took a nap and woke up feeling much better . I cant help but to think it was some sort of defense mechanism . Although  today was a struggle it still feels better than taking that  U turn back to HELL !!  I know that there will be many more struggles but TODAY i didn't drink  and that feels great . :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Way to hang in there! 
Good for you! Its hard sometimes fighting that lil devil on your shoulder  huh?! That fucker will try to rationalize why you should drink in any kind of way! I have thought about drinking at times but not letting it be an option is what has kept me sober. Keep on staying strong. So worth it. Even though I know I'm not going to drink again I still wake up every morning with so much pride that I'm so strong (and that I'm a better person  from when I was drinking).  Good luck. Keep it up. You've already gone so far! :) 
It is times like this that programs like AA and smart are worth the effort you have a meeting to go to people you can call to help counter the voice of rationalization.
9 day club! I struggled yesterday too.  Worked out really hard for three hours and then just slept the afternoon away after turning down brunch mimosas.  Went out to dinner for a birthday party and agreed to be the DD.  That helped a lot -- knowing I was the person people were relying on.  I didn't drink.  It was a good day. 
Every day is its own challenge. You met this one and saw it through! Way to go. =)
