-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ea5ub/hitting_a_wall_at_day_46/

Hello abnormies please help. I am at 46 days and I am really struggling. I have been really angry for a few days. I really figured that the time away from booze would help me professionally and personally. I guess it has but now I am dealing with some real shit on both fronts and I am really ANGRY that I can't go get fucked up to give me a break. Why am I busting my ass staying sober if my wife is still going to be on my ass about stupid shit and I still have problems getting focused and motivated at work? Is what they say in AA true and I really am suffering from a mental fucking condition where I tend to be a sulky prick all the time? At least if I had a few drinks right now I wouldn't be pacing the floor cursing out my wife kids and myself. Where is the serenity I am supposed to have? I am sober right now but I have been sitting at an airport for three hours white knuckling it and really wanting to just check out of the whole sobriety thing for a night but I know if I do I will destroy this whole fuckin narrative that 'yay I beat my drinking problem good for me- yay' and that I will just end up getting reeeealy fucked up tomorrow or the day after or this weekend or every fucking night. So I feel angry and pissy and am also 'poor me' and that makes me even more angry because its textbook shit you hear about in AA rooms and the answer is so obviously that I cannot give up now that it makes me crazy. Argh! Does anyone hear what I am saying or is this just self centered bullshit?..Update: thanks for the help everybody. You guys talked me off the ledge. The urge is gone and I am a bit calmer now. It took every tool in my toolbox though and I appreciate the help 'so freely given'
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds like me at 46 
[deleted]
Totally normal to be angry.  Don't let your lizard brain talk you into getting fucked up.  It'll just make things worse.  You know that and that why I'm guessing you posted here...I've never been to AA but it sounds like a meeting would really help.  I do smart and it helps a whole lot...Remember you are not having to choose between being angry or being fucked up.  That's your lizard brain giving you a false choice...Lift weights eat a cheeseburger punch a cop.  Whatever it takes.
[deleted]
The old adage HALT.  We know you are ANGRY but are you also Hungry? Tired? Lonely?  It is normal to have a pissy day/s but the trick is to learn how to deal with it without picking up.  I could always stop drinking but I could never stay stopped.  That's the problem.  A drink will remedy nothing.  You will be twice as bad tomorrow if you do.  Go with the flow.  It ain't easy but it is doable. Good Luck.
[deleted]
There is also such a thing as post acute withdrawal syndrome these symptoms can last several months or longer. Our drinking has changed our brain chemistry and it can take a while for these types of feelings to subside. For me it was the tendency to burst into tears at the drop of a hat.  Talk to your doctor and read up on withdrawal I found that improving my diet and vitamin supplements seemed to help. And when you're having those really shitty moments come here and vent! Believe me we've all been there and you will be able to get through it don't throw away those 46 days! I'm coming up on one year and I can tell you it does get better.
&gt;Hello abnormies..I don't know who you're referring to but this is an awful defeatist thing to say. There's nothing "abnormal" about not drinking. I haven't felt this normal in years now that I'm not walking around in a constant fog of numbness.  ..&gt;Does anyone hear what I am saying or is this just self centered bullshit..The latter mostly. The cure is understanding that simply not drinking will not solve all of your problems magically. It takes work in other areas to truly reap the harvest. 
In AA we learn how to change the sulky prick into a better happier being.  If we want to.  Some people seem to like it...Your dis-ease was having a temper tantrum.  That is all.
Naw man anger is just one of the symptoms. Sometimes it gets out of hand. Sometimes it gets REALLY out of hand.. .The thing is you really need to be selfish about the whole thing. Once you realize that you are **doing this sobriety thing for yourself and yourself only** things kinda fall into place.. .At least it did for me. I wasn't doing it for anyone else. Screw them ALL! I was going to be sober because if I'm gonna have a fucked up life at least I'm gonna tackle it sober. That includes ignoring the wife and kiddos sometimes just working out 'till I was exhausted playing video games rebuilding my carbs on my motorcycle just doing whatever I could... whatever *I* could to remain sober.. .Then things sorta fell into place. All of a sudden everyone was wondering what turn-around happened. The thing was that I had to get my own shit together so it's ok to be selfish angry and whatever else you're feeling. It'll balance out.. .You gotta do what you gotta do to be sober. Take care of yourself *first* because if you're a drunk you aren't in a position to take care of anybody.. .Sorta like putting the oxygen mask on yourself first before helping others on an airplane if you catch my drift.
