-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1eh8ec/137_days_sober_prime_pride_hitting_this_number/

I feel so proud of myself. I know I reached this goal despite the slings and arrows that my life is throwing at me. Life does not care that I am struggling against this lizard brain that keeps wanting a drink. Life keeps on throwing things at me. Sister is on the street arrested for causing a disturbance while strung out on Meth yet still finds a way to try to get my attention to fix things. Parents who need physical financial and medical help expecting me to fix things. Others around me sick with cancer expecting me to fix things. Love of my life still not forgiving nor accepting and she just doesn't understand yet expecting me to fix things. That is me the fixer. ..Being sober is only magnifying the pain making me realize I can't fix these things. I now understand the terms "The Anxiety of Facing Sober Reality" and "Son Of a Bitch Everything's Real". Alcohol used to deflect everything but I don't have that tool any longer. Spirituality isn't my bag and meditation is troublesome (ADHD). I have been prescribed Zoloft but I am going to try to do this confronting my Reality sober with feelings emotions contemplation and thought. I will try to alter my chemistry through /r/crossfit /r/Paleo /r/stopdrinking and maybe /r/Newfoundlander. None of these tools have really kicked in yet. I have lost weight. Bought new clothes. I feel strong and healthy. My coat is shiny and healthy. But the anxiety and depression still is that atmospheric pressure making it hard to breath...I have people who know what I am doing and professed caring and understanding. Especially my love who went sober with me in solidarity but she still doesn't get it. Though all these people exist and if I was in my right mind they would make a difference but perhaps that hasn't kicked in yet. I didn't expect to feel so alone...Regardless of the above I am doing it. My pride is keeping me moving towards that next prime. 139 this saturday. Then 10 days until 149.  My pride is taking me from prime to prime. Prime Pride...Thank you for listening /r/stopdrinking .../end rant..TLDR; Depressed and anxious but I am staying sober.
----------immediate responses--------

There's no shame in taking Zoloft. You've changed lots of lifestyle things and you're still depressed and anxious. Don't be a hero see if it helps.
It is your [alpha](http://redd.it/v7wzf) day!  Congratulations!..I don't mean to quote stuff at you but the thing AA people say about only worrying about the stuff you can actually fix is one of the few AA things to really resonate with me.  A lot of the things I tried to escape/numb/forget by drinking I can now (mostly) let slide by me as being beyond my control.  The more I can actually live this way the more happy I am so I strive to approach that ideal.  Some shit still sticks some of it even warranted and I still have to deal with it.  For the other stuff I deal with it as I can but if it's not something I can do much about well I try to let it go distance myself forgive myself forgive the other...Looking forward to your 149!
You should be proud of yourself.  Being sober is not easy.  If you have been prescribed Zoloft by a doctor I would concur.  It may make you life easier.  Don't forget that you are not divisible by anyone but yourself.  Work on yourself my friend.  I wish you well
I would recommend exhausting all natural remedies before taking a pharmaceutical drug. ..http://www.keeperofthehome.org/2011/01/treating-depression-naturally-supplements-herbs-and-foods-for-feeling-better.html..For me cutting sugar and most of the caffeine is helpful. I have some sleepytime tea that calms the nerves too. 
You're inspiring to me if it makes any difference. I've been drafting on your days for months now yours and others who have a few more days than me. ..I get it. Lotsa life crap to deal with and on the bubble for a bunch of it. Some days it just makes me laugh because most of that drama no matter how bad will not kill me. As long as I'm dealing with booze which *would* kill me then the other stuff -- I can manage that. I hope you get some relief.
It sounds like REBT or cognitive behavioral therapy could really help.  I can PM you some books I've read if it helps.  And SMART is based on REBT so it might be worth checking out...Totally your choice if you don't want to take the Zoloft.  I wonder however if you want to take it get some stability and then try to manage without it.  I say that only because antidepressants saved my life when I was younger before I ever started drinking.
Think how you will feel at 1823
I concur with absurdityLEVELrising for me the calm didn't start to kick in until I cut out sugar and wheat.....Exercise can only help. ..Everything is fair in pursuit of sobriety. [this was posted in r/psychology today](http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/suffer-the-children/201203/why-french-kids-dont-have-adhd) 
