-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ej207/anyone_use_aa_to_get_sober_stop_going_and_are/

The reason I ask is because I've used AA and have been sober for 7 months. I've also used a therapist and done a course of Dialectic Behavioral Therapy during this same amount of time. ..DBT is based off of buddhist philosophies---it teaches mindfulness not clinging to things outside of us and not trying to just force away negative emotions but coping with them as a part of life. It was created to treat Borderline Personality Disorder but alcoholics have enough similar symptoms that the skills have been effective in helping me with my alcoholism. I've done more intensive close work with my therapist than I have my sponsor---I've never called my sponsor on the phone. We meet for coffee to do step work and when I've been struggling I email them...I don't plan on just NOT going to meetings ever again or just quitting working on the steps. I think that they're helpful and especially with the DBT skills I learned in therapy. I also don't have a really negative view of AA---I see it as more of a beginners stepping stone into sobriety though than I do a life sentence. ..I've been going to less meetings lately and haven't been to one in a week because I've just felt disenchanted with it. And...I'm FINE. I'm productive and am actively working on creating the positive life that I want for myself; something that DBT has helped me to do as much as AA. ..So has anyone out there used AA to get sober stopped going and are still sober and content? What is your experience with it?
----------immediate responses--------

I've asked a similar question here as I'm afraid to be too lax with my recovery. I'm interested to see the responses you get. Here's the thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1eiysl/90_days_down_not_struggling_has_anyone_else_had/
[deleted]
[deleted]
nope. stopped AA....got drunk.
Your story sounds extremely similar to mine...I'm a little over 7 months sober as well and I haven't gone to a meeting in 3 weeks.  Once my "once a week therapy" was over I sort of just stopped going to meetings as well...I think it's important to really have a good support system and to be able to be honest with friends/family in case you ever need them.  ..I think the reason that AA does so well for most people is that it removes them from isolation which for me isolation would be the #1 factor for relapse.  I make sure that I talk openly with friends and family...For me I took the parts I liked from AA (honesty openness friendship) and try to establish that in my daily life.  I was never really a fan of the steps.  I also know that I can return anytime that I feel like I need to...So good luck to you and thanks for sharing.
I go about 3 times a week now versus everyday - I think I might drop that to 2 and eventually 1 around the 1 year recovery mark.  I wouldn't call it a stepping stone per se but it does get one engaged into sobriety.  ..I don't see how AA alone keeps folks sober but I'm glad that it does have that going for it.  I couldn't have done it without practicing emotional awareness through mindfulness and other techniques that my first sponsor suggested I stop...I don't view it as a life sentence but I do think I'll mostly go to a meeting x amount of times a year for the rest of my life.  I love beginner meetings with less than 30 days as it reminds me of what I want and who I was.  If life magically got perfect for me tomorrow and I stopped my sobriety reminder techniques (mainly AA or SMART) i'd forget what I'm trying to do and why I'm trying to do it.  Not sure why my mind can wipe and think drinking/smoking/pills are okay but it has done that before and I can't let that happen again!
So it took me a few tries over the course of a decade to get sober..I've had a lot of therapy and while not in it at the moment hope to get back to it too. I've always wanted to try DBT I think it would help a lot for some of my other self-destructive behaviors (school/work related.) I also started taking antidepressants about a week ago at my parents urging and my old psychiatrist's diagnosis as well. I'll let y'all know how that works out. ..I am a year and a couple months sober and I go to AA usually 2x a week now. After a few months what I was doing wasn't working for me and I switched it up. I tried a different meeting which meant a different home group and for me new women. I go to women'a meetings when I can now and they've helped me a lot in emotional sobriety. There are some meetings now that we're super great when I got sober and they're not anymore. I find myself frustrated at the cycle that goes on. So I don't go there..Occasionally I go to a meeting because I feel crazy still occasionally I go to a meeting because I want to self-destruct but mostly I go to meetings to check in with sponsees to listen and to be present (and sometimes share.) I go to be reminded of my powerlessness and realize how crazy I actually felt for a long time I go out of a sense of gratitude and to pass it on. If things are good it helps others to hear that. ..It's not the only thing I do for my recovery though. I backed away a lot from AA as I joined a church small group of people around my age. I realized how normal a lot of my emotions and thoughts were and how hypersensitive people in AA could be. I learned not to be as scared of trusting my instincts as I felt a lot of folks in AA were pushing me towards. ...So yeah I'm content with AA. I go to a women's meeting usually once a week I sponsor when people ask me to I go out of gratitude because my sponsor had 25 years sober when I asked her and I'm incredibly grateful for it. She does not need AA she goes because she can pay it forward by being present for hurting people the way people were for her. So that's another reason I think I'll keep going. ..
From how you described your AA it sounds like you were barely involved with it to begin with.  AA is not a detox program it is a method of gradually improving your ability to lead a good life and stay sober.  Doing it half heartedly isn't much better than not doing it at all.
I was sent to AA by a probation officer when I was 24 and I went about 5 times. I was finally ready to go a few years later. I stopped drinking but continued to use drugs for about 2 1/2 years. When I smoked my last joint is my sobriety date...I've worked the steps several times over my sobriety in which I've had good and bad times. I don't know if growing up is easy when you're young because I never did it but I can tell you that growing up in my 30s 40s 50s and now 60s is tough. I've had some wonderful times of great happiness and some hard times of desperation but I have always had a deep abiding sense of everything being OK as long as I keep in contact with my program. I don't think that AA is the only way to stop drinking and stay stopped but I tried quite a few other things before I got here and it's what has worked best for me...When I had about 10 years I heard a guy with about a year say much the same thing as you wrote above. He said "AA is great for getting sober and beginning a spiritual life but after a while you need something more." He eventually drifted away and the last I heard of him he was drinking and drugging. ..Bill Wilson said that the good is often the enemy of the best. If you think you've reached the limits of AA's usefulness for you that's fine and more power to you. But I can tell you that I'm acquainted with people with quite a bit more program-working sobriety than I have and it's obvious to me that I have yet to plumb the depths of what AA has to offer.
My experience with AA didn't work out that well.  Coming out of rehab steeped in AA essentially 24/7 I went to a halfway house and launched myself into it.  I think I did over 250 meetings in 90 days.  I won't enumerate the aspects of AA that I found difficult to align myself with but I did become more and more disenchanted.  The halfway house required at least 5 self-help meetings a week so I started looking around for an alternative.  I found Saving Our Selves on-line and decided to try to form a group locally.  It has remained a relatively small group for over a year and a half usually 10-12.  We meet Mon-Fri at 9 am and don't structure the discussion very much at all.  I've seen some pretty credible research that has shown that addiction support groups that don't focus strictly 'on topic' can be more helpful to people in recovery by providing opportunities for dialog that includes the stress of 'collateral damage'.  The people in the room all have a common concern so addiction issues per se are always going to come up.  Our practice is to let them surface in context and then we can share our experiences and ideas that might be of help.   Also this kind of interaction is more conversational and doesn't put anyone on the spot to talk.  Active listening is pretty therapeutic too...I'll close now but another time I'd like to explore the relationship between professional therapy and the 12 step approach.  My 'program' has evolved more and more toward the mental health side. Once I was sort of stabilized in sobriety I could really begin to see that it really wasn't as much about how I was drinking but how I was thinking and living...Anyway great questions...I'm almost at the two year mark and just recently texted my son and told him that I thought I was falling in love with my new life.  It can be pretty incredible.  ..Best of luck to you and all the others that are making a new path by walking it.
Yes sir I'm coming up on 2 years in August. I attended the program for 8 months and then made a departure from the program and am still healthy and sober.
I thought I could do that and I kept my joyous happy and free for a while. Then it all went away again. Not worth it.
Yes I went to Rehab in 1985 and was steeped in the AA-NA Program..I left there and put together a few years in AA sober relapsed in 1989 then went back to AA December 1990.  I worked the program very hard for about 7 years Did the steps speaking sponsored people  ran meetings commitee work etc. also  met my wife there. .Made many friends and immersed myself in sober living...After we got married we moved across the country and didnt really make connections with AA in our new town. This was probably because toward the end of my time in AA I think I was getting bored i figured out how to not drink. I figured out that I am the problem and my mind is the problem the drinking is a symptom.   I got tired of hearing the newcomers and relapsers and all the intra room drama. Also I did not like the attitude that if you dont come to meetings you will not make it.. they want to scare you into thinking they are the only way.  I remember at one time a popular saying was "Hit the door and die mother fucker" meaning if you left the program you were done for.  For some people though that is true. ..I am very happy today and have not had a drink or drug in 22.5 years.  Wife and I still happily married.   About 5 years ago i worked with a therapist for about 2 years now I go back when needed.  .I still use the tools from AA and mix them with other self help and Buddhist teachings.  ..All this being said I am still grateful for the tools that I learned in AA and I still beleive it saved my life. If anyone has a problem drinking I would not hesitate to reccomend they seek out AA.  But after 7 years or so I got the hang of it.  ..Honestly I am a much older and wiser now and sometimes wonder if I could have a drink or smoke a joint ?  I probably could if I could stop after one or two..  I am not sure I could stop  so I dont think i'll try it today.   Peace
