-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ekffa/tired_of_having_a_battle_in_my_head_all_day_its/

I feel like it's been getting worse lately. Last year I went 6 months without drinking I did drink a few times but it never was more than one night and had weeks in between drinks. Now I struggle to have one day between. I found it so easy last year and enjoyed it even. Now I just can't get that feeling back. All day I have a fight in my head "Drink!" "No don't do it" it's absolutely exhausting and I'm tired of it. By 3/4pm I've usually made my plans and give in just to stop the torment. I can't keep going on like this but I don't have the energy litterally. My therapist thinks I'm under weight and may have an eating disorder I can't battle this as well it's too much. I used excersing like walking the dog and cycling to avoid drinking but I really don't have the strength any more and can feel I'm pushing myself past the limit. I need things to do of an evening that's the worst time. If I've not bought booze by 8pm I'm pretty much safe. ..Sorry for a bit of a rant just needed to get off my chest. 
----------immediate responses--------

I live alone and of an evening I go to AA meetings. It's been over three years now since I've had a single head fight. My obsession about drinking went away as soon as I got a home group a sponsor and started to take the AA program seriously...Good luck - AA may not be for you but it was the only thing that stopped the head fights for me. My life is so much more fuller and enjoyable now I don't think about booze at all. The only way I know to stop thos thoughts coming back is to continue with AA.
This is called "white knuckling" and I sure know how crummy that can be. I'd be in the car on the way home from work and when I got to the fork in the road I'd look at the steering wheel to see if it was going to aim for home or the bar. I never knew until the last second. I tried every imaginable self remedy believe me. ..What does your therapist think of AA? A lot of 12-step meetings start at 7:30 or 8:00 and they are everywhere. Why not give it a try. If you don't like it they will gladly refund your misery. ;-)..I still don't know why AA gave me back my mojo I just know that it did and does. There's no need to suffer.
You didn't mention AA meetings or any other support group.  Your disease is as smart as you and it never sleeps.  It wants you dead but will settle for you in pain...I suggest you make an AA meeting and see if it doesn't work...
Read Anthony Bourdain. In Kitchen Confidential especially he details drinking every night and doing heroin with his friends until just a few hours before work popping some aspirin and then starting his shift...And then he stopped. And then he went on to do fantastic things...He along with Alton Brown inspired me to start cooking for myself years ago and now that's what I think about during the day -- what should I make tonight? I spend my evenings at the store buying fresh ingredients and making world-class food at home which is as time-consuming as it is rewarding. I've had cuisine I never would have tried and I'm totally full and sleepy by 9pm every night when the dishes are all put away...Hope this helps! 
[deleted]
I gave that voice a persona - a wacked out parrot who had too many acid trips and who did not have my best interests at heart.  A sponsee has a garden gnome mooning who talks with farts.  ..Find yours it becomes more manageable if you can diminish it ...Additionally I used AA.  Which worked for me.  Results may vary.
Has your therapist/counselor mentioned anything about [PAWS - Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome?](http://whatmesober.com/personal-writing-about-addiction-and-recovery/early-recovery/paws/). .Early sobriety really sucks.  If you've been drinking for a while your brain is programmed to need that alcohol.  Your body likes to remain in balance and when you drink consistently alcohol becomes the new balance.  When you take it away your stress hormones rise you get uncomfortable (or even sick) and your body wants you to know that it wants to get back into balance.  I'm oversimplifying it but those feelings you get are not about will power. They're a natural reaction to a state that your body has been placed in. . .The good news is that it will go back to normal.  It will take some time (and maybe support) to get there but it can be done.  . .Hang in there and take it one day at a time.  Tell yourself you won't drink for today and then don't!  You can do it one day at a time.  I had to tell myself that I would drink tomorrow.  I even planned it out. I knew which bar I was going to and what I would order but when the next day came I just focused on not drinking for that day.  Nearly 300 days later and I'm still not drinking...and my life has gotten better because of it.  I actually know where I parked my car!  :). .Good luck and keep coming back here.  If you need more support it's available.  Don't drink today!.
