-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1em7ds/anyone_here_sober_and_not_in_aa_curious_to_hear/

I had my last drink in the summer of 2011 and attended about 3 AA meetings a week through the next year. I found some great meetings friends and conversations which got me through that time. After that I stopped going to meetings as much after a move and some growing issues with the program. ..I'm now coming up on two years sober and continue my evolution into a better and happier person. Back in AA it was often said that anyone who stopped going to meetings or decided to do it their own way was quick to relapse but I rarely even think about drinking these days. I never forget where I came from-and therefore owe AA some thanks- but I'm a new person today and think my way is working for me (if anyone is curious I can share more details). I'm just curious if there are others here maintaining a happy sober life in their own way I'd love to hear your stories.
----------immediate responses--------

I stopped going to meetings (first detox/sobriety ages ~26-28 current sobriety 19.5+ years) about six months after I got sober this time.  I realized (after working my way up to a liter of gin/day while out on disability) that I was going to lose my best friend/wife. Yeah I know it's kinda cliche but at that time and for many years after it was the absolute basis of my existence.  So I did an overnight detox (just for the tranquilizer) and left AMA the next day and went home where she (who used to drink the way I liked to drink) had poured out all the booze in the house...I went to two meetings a day for about six months.  But when I started coming out of *daytime* meetings with a head full of tales of debauchery theft destruction moral failings domestic violence and more I knew that I didn't need more of *that* to keep my sobriety.  So I stopped going to meetings altogether. .. There was one guy at that daytime meeting that had at that time *ten years* of sobriety.  I can barely remember his face but I can hear his voice saying "I have so much serenity there isn't a damned thing that would make me pick up a drink".  I couldn't imagine what that was like (I was a "drink to get drunk" drinker due to depression from mother's suicide and generalized anxiety which wasn't even recognized in the early 1970s) but I wanted the serenity he spoke of...Well if that gentleman is still alive and still sober he has 30 or more years of sobriety because in October of this year I will celebrate 20 years just over 19 years without going to a single meeting...Just about a year after quitting booze I quit 3 packs/day of Newports and haven't smoked since.  And I'll be damned if I'll give anything *else* up. ;-)..
You just finally reach a point in your life where you have truly finally had your last drink. You are over it. The first year was hard for me after that I was good. I quit the day after my 24th birthday will be 6 years in July...Not drinking was all me but I do owe quite a bit to a very supportive now ex-girlfriend. That and I got the word sober tattooed on my wrist so when I reach for anything I see it. A constant reminder not to do anything out of line :)
I was talking to my sponsor today and mentioned how last year I would go to AA meetings because I was bored but never got a sponsor or read the literature. (*sidebar: This time around I have read the main books and am much more a part of the fellowship. I never made any friends in AA last year but this time I have been much more outgoing and social.*) My sponsor told me it would be much better to have a sponsor and go to zero meetings than no sponsor and go to meetings. I am going to work the 12-steps methodically. I like my sponsor. Its too soon to think about but hypothetically if down the road I do not mesh with AA anymore I would still want a sober alcoholic I could talk to when needed regardless of the 12 steps...Meetings ought to be about people Sharing Their Experience Strength and Hope. In my home group it is very rare for someone to share just their experience. Even if they talk about bad parts in their life they usually go full circle and discuss what positive actions they are taking or make light of their situation. Gratitude is felt throughout most the meeting. ..Last week I went to a so-so meeting. I forget the exact topic but it was basically a bunch of people sharing their experience in becoming spiritual. People talked about their own atheism and struggle with it. To me it was all blah blah blah. I was atheist too. Now I am spiritual. I do not need to hear it repeated in so many ways. That's the personal part of recovery God as I see him. After the meeting I told a friend and he explained it that no matter what he is no worse off than before a meeting. I realized I still felt better than I had before. There were some small parts that were inspiring...My home group is definitely the most silliest goofiest and overall friendliest I have ever been to so I never leave with a feeling of unhappiness of thought. Lots of funny folks I without a doubt get a laugh or many. In my searching for compatible groups there were some that felt like Debbie Downers I never go back to those.
Not much of a story I'm just not drinking.  The subreddit helped me get through the first month by giving me a place to remind myself why it wasn't wise to drink again and reminding me that certain cravings and responses were normal and would pass and when I moved 500 miles from where I'd been stationed for several years I checked out http://www.smartrecovery.org and did the exercises there and went to an online meeting or two because I know that times of transition are tricky.  ..The longer I don't drink the less I have any interest in starting up again.  I moved back to where my family lives and many family members are alcoholics or have issues with alcohol.  I love them but being around them - especially when they're drinking - is a constant reminder that I'm not missing anything...Trying to keep busy focusing on the future and not having that first drink has worked for me so far.
A lot of people are going to tell you that you are wrong and bad for dismissing AA. Dont let them get to you. i am a very involved AA member but the program simply is not for everyone.  I know people who are sober outside of AA who are plenty happy. The common thread among those people and AA people is having a strong social support network where they can openly discuss their feelings and their occasional urges to drink. ..That said I do think AA is a very good option. I don't know where you live but I  would encourage you to try different meetings and to work the steps with a sponsor who has something you want. AA can be a hell of a lot easier than going alone.
I've been sober quite a while with SMART Recovery after spending 10 years struggling with varying success in AA.  AA meetings depressed me and I felt worse after a meeting than before it... but I don't believe that's the experience everyone shares.  I'm not here to criticize AA; it just isn't for me...I found SMART to be much more logical practical and pragmatic.
I am beginning to believe that the different ways of getting sober make up a self-selecting mechanism so any conclusions we make from looking at one group will be biased away from some global norm.  And that this is tempered in that any categorizations that we could apply to any one group are not cut and dry (not all AAers are religious despite AA tenets using the god word not all DIY sobernauts shun group recovery activities etc)...This all goes to say that for the type of individual that seeks AA as a solution there may be a tendency to relapse if the individual subsequently leaves AA and this tendency may not exist for individuals that seek out other methods (SMART DIY etc).  This may be true (I can't claim it is) but on the other hand this "leave-and-you-will-relapse" admonishment may just be based on a legend that gets repeated again and again without any realism backing it up...I would very much like more quantitative studies done on recovery programs (including the "no program" program).  I think answering these kind of questions like the one you raise in a way that is based on actual unbiased data could help target a program for a type of individual and thus improve the odds for the individual to get and stay sober...Unfortunately I think gaining such knowledge is challenging due to at least two reasons.  The recovery methods I know about particularly in their initial stages rely on assuring anonymity.  Even with studies designed to preserve anonymity the subject may not be trusting enough to believe it will not be violated and so would not participate (I know I wouldn't have entered into any such study when I was just getting sober).  The other difficulty is that such studies can not target the methods that are not visible.  For example I got and continue stay sober without any organized method (unless you call this sub and the #stopdrinking IRC channel on Snoonet organized hah!).  How does one include that kind of sub-sample in a study?  And what about those that get sober entirely without any connection to a central organization (like my dad did)?..tl;dr: To answer your question: "yes" :).
I don't do AA.  So far so good. 
I'm not in AA. I rely solely on this sub a couple of hobbies and physical exercise to maintain my sobriety. And until now it's working very well.
[deleted]
I don't go to AA and I am staying strong. The urge to drink and thoughts about drinking are there (probably always will be drinking is literally everywhere) but getting less persistent day by day. ..BUT I quit drinking when I found out I was pregnant. I basically owe my sober success to my fiancee and son. When we found out about him we knew we could no longer sustain the self destructive lifestyle. I have seen parents (some family) try to maintain while raising kids both semi-successfully and unsuccessfully and I did not want that for my son on any level. Luckily my fiancee felt the same way and we both quit when we found out. It was hard. Really hard we had to change everything... he was in a band and I was pretty hard partier every night but we did it for ourselves and our family. He kept me strong. We did not let each other rationalize "normal" drinking. I have seen so many personal tragedies play out because of alcohol a few of them my own...Long story sort of short you can do it without AA. Of course you can only you are in control here! AA just makes it a lot easier because you are surrounded by people who want you to succeed unselfishly and who would never ever encourage you to drink. The people who are warning against going sober without AA just know how hard it is to toe the line alone. It's lonely when you don't want to be around drinking and AA provides that social outlet safely. ..I thought when I quit drinking that the people I loved would be happy for me. Many of them tell me they are but some of those same people have offered me drinks in my sobriety! They care about me insofar as they care if I am fun to be around and make them feel good. I have found that some people think I am making a statement to them with my sobriety. These situations are awfully alienating and lead to discussions I'm still too new in my sobriety to have comfortably!..I'm afraid if in the beginning I didn't have something or someone reinforcing my good decisions (or in my case two someones) I would have caved in to the social pressure or loneliness and just went to the bar. Or if this family never happened who knows where we would have ended up the drunk possibilities are too numerous and sad to imagine...I have quit without AA but I think my situation is a unique one where I have an amazing partner who is right there with me every step of the way. If he was not 100% in it with me I would be failing right now. I have even thought of going to a meeting just to meet some folks who don't drink to be friends with but I feel kind of silly because I've already quit. I know I would if I ever felt like I needed to and I think that's what it's there for. ..Great post! Thanks for letting me work some of this out through talking to you too. This sub is an excellent daily reminder that I can't forget what got me here. 
