-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1enujs/posting_for_accountability/

My first overnight visit with my kids ended at 5pm today.  It was a HARD reminder of what I fucked up.  7 months ago my kids and I snuggled to sleep almost every night...my wife and I always co-slept.  I snuggled them last night for the first time since police officers walked me out of my house and I can't remember a moment in my entire life I slept so soundly as I did last night.  I know they'll get older and snuggling them to sleep will stop but I still ponder the other moments in future time I've fucked up.  I want to live in the now and cherish what just happened but it's so hard.  I'm the closest I've been to a drug tonight than I have been in a long time.  ..It has caused me to miss my wife WAY more than usual as well... I've already emailed her tonight letting her know my struggles which could put me in jail and ruin future time with my kids....FUCK!@#..Took my beta blocker and trazadone like the addict I am and hoping I just go to sleep :( fuck!@#
----------immediate responses--------

Are you going to any sort of counseling?  I am concerned about you and concerned that you contacted your wife despite the potential consequences...I am glad you posted here.  Get some sleep and tomorrow will be better.
Stop making stupid fucking decisions and get help. If you are under court conditions not to contact your wife then don't fucking contact your wife. The last thing you need is a breach charge. How will that help your situation with your kids or your future. ..You're doing a good thing by staying sober. Don't mess it up. 
Ouch dude. I'm starting to try and incorporate some of the practices in the link below into my life and I'm finding them helpful. Me impulsivity is a major source of trouble for me...Hope your impulsive action last night didn't damage your situation. My daughter is six and she means everything to me...http://www.tarabrach.com/articles/RAIN-WorkingWithDifficulties.html.
