-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ez6xy/quick_question_regarding_my_habits_actually_its/

The long story: ..I grew up cycling- even have a few state championships under my belt. I never touched alcohol or cigarettes tried weed- did NOT like what happened to me. This was until the age of 18. ..I moved out of the house and few hours away to attend college. I got away from cycling picked up smoking and then drinking followed. It was never an issue in my early 20s- I was the 3 PBR at a party and totally blitzed guy. And it only happened at parties on the weekends. ..As time went on- the choice beer (can't do hard liquor- gag reflex kicks in immediately) got stronger and stronger. I am now a HUGE fan of IPAs. This passion started when I moved to San Francisco at the age of 24- and if you've spent any amount of time in SF you know what a big drinking city it is. As time went on life was good- I had my after work drinking buddies my GF at the time (wife now! :) was down to party and as such we all drank copious amounts almost daily. After a little while we moved out of the city to a much quieter town and we settled down a bit. I did find myself not wanting to go out anymore- but polishing off 4 or 5 strong beers a night became a regular lasting occurrence. ..Fast forward to present day. My wife has been getting on me for my drinking habits- she has slowed waaay down herself. We decided that Monday- Thursday are dry days. It's fine to have a couple of beers or some wine during the weekend- and occasionally get a little crazy if the time seems right. I tell you- my life has improved! No longer am I experiencing uncomfortable stomach problems nearly as much- and waking up without that foggy hangover effect (or a massive hangover) has been lovely. ..I still struggle with it a bit- but am trying to find my inner peace with why I do it. I guess you could say I am easy to blame a lot of things for my drinking so much- be it my father our roomate stress at work.. and so on. I'd like to think that I've got a leg up for recognizing these things and soon I can be just like everyone else that can manage to stop after one or two. I did test this the other night (yes violated the dry clause) and I had just one beer. I really paced myself and by 9pm when I had finished it (over the course of maybe an hour and a half) I was just feeling sleepy. It was good!..I guess my question is this: Am I on the right path here or just a hopeless alcoholic that is making excuses?..I've polled some of my friends that IMO drink far far less than I do and I have been very candid about my drinking to them. They unanimously agreed that while they too need to curb their habit (we are all approaching our 30s here) they did not see what I was doing a huge issue- but these are friends that might not want to abrasive. ..I don't know.. I'm just a little confused trying to find a happy balance of being 'social' without all the bad 'can't just have one' stuff. ..Any advice is greatly appreciated! ..[Edit] I am taking a road trip- long lovely weekend with the wife- departing in about an hour. If I don't respond I am very sorry please don't worry! Even though we have stocked the cooler for this trip- I plan on surprising my wife by hardly touching anything we bought. She is my #1 and I want to be the best husband I can be (and hopefully sometime in the near future the best father). 
----------immediate responses--------

Well...if you find you can control it and your wife is cool with it it doesn't sound like a problem.  If you find you can't control it or you can but it's difficult and cause mental anguish...then you probably want to reassess and think about abstinence...Have you taken the assesement test on the sidebar?
No one can tell you how alcohol affects you because only you know the answer to this.  It's also usually not a good idea to compare your drinking habits to others for two reason: (1) there are usually lots of variables that determine how alcohol affects each person both in the moment and cumulatively and (2) comparing works against a person who really is an alcoholic because they often use this as a means to justify their own drinking.  In my case I would often look smugly at people whose drinking was worse than mine and feel that it proved I wasn't an alcoholic because I wasn't as bad as them...Try taking the test in the sidebar or google AA's 12 Questions or 20 Questions.  These are self-assessments that allow you to gauge yourself honestly.  ..**Here is the link:  http://www.aa.org/subpage.cfm?page=71
If you can control it then you're good.   Personally I tried to do the Monday-Thursday dry thing a number of times but for me it's too easy to find excuses: sporting events friends in town work functions whatever.   "A beer" with a friend on Tuesday night turns into 5 beers with the friend and three more when I get home which turns into a hangover and anxiety and poor work performance on Wednesday which turns into a glass of scotch when I get home and so on we go until I give up on the rule altogether...For a lot of people there's two speeds: none at all or too much.  Others are able to find some middle ground.  If you find yourself slipping on the rules then it's time to reevaluate if you want to be a drunk or not. 
