-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1f2olt/no_more_than_buzzed_but_i_screwed_up/

I am okay with drinking 2 no more than 3 beers at most once a week. Tonight I went to play pool with some friends. I ordered a pitcher it was cheaper than 2 beers. None of my friends drank it so over several hours i finished the pitcher and went home. My neighbor was having a bonfire by himself so i stopped over to say hi and ended up drinking with him for almost 2 hours.. i didn't get *drunk* just real buzzed. But now I have terrible heartburn have puked from that can't fall asleep and need to be awake in 3 hours. I feel ashamed I should have been stronger. I just needed a place to vent thanks for listening. ..Every two weeks or so i have a very minor relapse like this but this is the worst. It scares me that i'll never be strong enough to be fully sober.
----------immediate responses--------

So you don't consider having two or three beers each week a relapse?
If you are an alcoholic of my type you'll never be strong enough on your own to stay sober. I can't stay sober on my own. I stay sober with the help of a couple of hundred other people that I have met over the last couple of years. We all help each other and we are doing pretty well...if you aren't strong enough yourself then perhaps you need to ask someone to help you. Perhaps you need to ask a whole bunch of people to help you people who are trying to stay sober too...Good luck - it helps if you don't drink. You can't get drunk if you don't take that first drink can you?
I used to be guilty using the rationale of frugality. Ordering a pitcher rather than drinks individually. Buying a 12 pack instead of a 40oz or 6 pack. But I always accepted myself to be a binge drinker. Bulk purchasing was very typical. It was not until my last month of drinking I specifically took steps to moderation. Less and less until my last night of drinking. I just didn't want any crazy withdrawal symptoms...I don't feel like I am being strong staying sober. I think I am just being stubborn. I like my 92 days next to my badge. 
Almost no one gets fully sober on their own.  Your diease is as smart as you and it never sleeps.  ..I suggest you contact your local AA and make a few meetings.  ...Good luck.
If you are ok with 2 or 3 then do that.  But my experience is this is a slippery slope.   .  I drank for the buzz - and beyond.  Not because it tasted so good made me two inches taller a lot more handsome for the effect..Like getting in a car putting it in first and saying don't shift.  .This lesson took many iterations before I accepted it.  I was lucky I got it before something really bad happened.
You might want to check out [HAMS](http://hamsnetwork.org/).  It is a website that discusses harm reduction and paths to sobriety.  .  .If you feel that your current 2-3 beers a week doable then you might want to have a plan for those times when you can feel a *drunk* coming on.  .  .There are strategies for cutting down.  However I would suggest that you take a look at what it is that you are trying to achieve/solve when drinking more heavily than what was planned.  .  .As for the emotional upheaval - it is a typical reaction from a night of heavy drinking.  Emotions bent out of control because your body can't regulate itself and is too busy trying to return to normality.  .  .Unfortunately for many alcoholics myself included this quickly passes and after a few days one is left wondering what the fuss was about.  .  .I would not worry about being "strong enough" to be fully sober. A lot of us were quivering wrecks when we decided to get sober.  The first bit may seem quite daunting but with support it can be traversed.  .  .If you are serious about sobriety then I would recommend becoming involved with any the groups that are listed in the /r/alcoholism sidebar.  .  .Just don't beat yourself up self-compassion is a necessary ingredient on the road to recovery..
[deleted]
[deleted]
