-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1f36t5/spouse_conflict_and_sobriety/

Love my kids been going to AA major drinking trigger is resentments towards spouse.  Worked the steps asked for removal of character defects let go of resentments sober for enough time (6 months) to realize that there is no love in this marriage.  Spouse is currently behaving in a way that used to trigger drinking but it won't as I a strong.  Don't want to drink don't want kids to suffer from divorce but if I stay in this marriage chance of relapsing is high.  Feeling trapped.  Seeking wisdom thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Obvious advice would be to talk it out with your spouse and maybe include couple's therapy.  If the love is truly gone but you both want to retain marriage in some form there may be a way to reach an agreement for a new relationship definition that keeps you together in some mutually beneficial way.  ..My only other thing to offer is that you put your sobriety first.  I think your kids will be better off with sober but divorced parents than the opposite.
I got divorced at 4 years sober.   Years of counseling  therapy chapter 9 meetings alanon ( some though the problem was anger not alcohol ). In the end I realized that expecting / waiting for her to change was not going to work.  And living in toxic environ was bad for me.  ..Relatively harmonious divorce all the therapy helped and I refrained from stupid acting out.  Kids were hurt as was finances.  Relationship with  one daughter is great the other is improving...Second marriage is so much better - kept my resolve of avoiding unavailable women.   Results may vary...Edit feel free to pm
As for the kids: it is better to be from a broken home than to be in a broken home.
Don't have wisdom but in a somewhat similar place. I don't think I've been sober long enough to know the answer that I want to live with; but do know that I will get to an answer and must. I recommend therapy not to "fix" things or get to a predefined goal but to help get clarity wherever it is that you end up. I got to a level of acceptance that is past anger and suffering so that I can keep sobriety make good choices and do so in a forward-looking way and not a reactive way. This has provided me a sense of freedom and possibility beyond that trapped feeling. Hope that makes sense. If not feel free to PM and I'll try again...Good luck. It's a tough spot particularly if some things aren't just black-and-white terrible like co-parenting. Why blow that up right? .
Great feedback all some more information:  couples therapy is in process; sobriety first is what is causing me to reevaluate my former priority of marriage first for the kids sake; I have no expectations of spouse changing my concern is can I change in a way to stay sober and make it work; have my eyes on a potential replacement spouse but that person does not know it yet but do believe that person is equally interested which complicates things a lot.
