-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1fgf2y/wife_still_drinks/

She's not an alcoholic. We are in couples therapy as well as me in addiction therapy. She likes to drink a lot but not to excess and she is resentful if I would ask her to stop drinking for me. My therapist reminds me that my drinking is my problem. More specifically I have a genetic predisposition to alcoholism (which we have established.)..I don't want to force her to quit because she genuinely doesn't have a problem. So how do I manage my life with her as a social drinker without relapsing myself? Is anyone else in this situation and how do you compromise?
----------immediate responses--------

You've explained that your wife is a social drinker but you haven't explained why that's a problem for you...Does her drinking bother you?  Does her drinking make you jealous or make you miss drinking? Does she keep alcohol in the house and do you find that alcohol tempting? Do you feel that by continuing to drink she isn't supporting you in your sobriety?  ..You mentioned compromise which makes it sound like you expect her to give something up or alter her behaviour in some way. What sorts of things would you like to see her change?
I sobered up while I was single so I cannot relate directly. But I still hang out with friends that drink and did so from the very beginning of my sobriety. I have an allergy to alcohol they do not. My friend is a Muslim. I can eat pork products while he cannot. I like to eat a low-carb diet so they eat carbs in front of me while I do not. I eat peanut butter while my friend has a peanut allergy so he does not...Does my Muslim friend get mad or feel weird about me eating pig? No. Is my friend with peanut allergy resentful that I love peanut butter? No. Am I mad at my parents for lying to me about Santa Claus? No. ..define: resent - *Feel bitterness or indignation at (a circumstance action or person).* Synonym: *take offense*..define: indignation - *Anger or annoyance provoked by what is perceived as unfair treatment.*..I understand the dynamic is a bit different when its just friends vs. a spouse. It would be great if my friends all on their own decided to stop drinking when I did. In reality since I have stopped drinking I have inspired many to cut down. Two of my friends were inspired by me and decided to become completely sober themselves...You may well find that if you get sober and improve your life she may find drinking less appealing. Drinkers are not as likely to have non-drinking friends but when one decides to become sober and shows that life is even more fun and better the other may be **attracted** to the idea of sobriety.
My spouse drinks moderately.  When we go to bed I can still smell alcohol on his breath even after he's brushed his teeth.  He came home once with a brown paper bag from the liquor store and I felt inexplicably blindsided and upset...I have asked: no gin and tonics please (used to be my favorite) and please give me a heads up by text if he's bringing something home from the liquor store.  I've noticed that he drinks quite a bit less just naturally since I am not drinking.  I've also noticed that he is more likely to drink his one drink while I'm taking a bath or while he's cooking--what I mean is he tries not to be in my face about it...He's offered to quit if I need him to.  I find the offer was as helpful to my psyche as if he'd actually quit so I declined...Good luck to you!
My wife does too. So what? You are going to be around people that drink.
I think there are probably a lot of us in that situation I certainly am. Ah jealously no stranger to me! First you can stay sober even though she drinks. The goal is to find a way to minimize your negative emotions when she is drinking since that may lead to relapse and relationship issues. Find yourself a tasty non-alcoholic drink to sip on when she is boozing it. Stay positive the only thing preventing you from having a great time is yourself! Let go of those negative emotions and cherish the time you are spending with a loved one. I know easier said than done. You will not be able to do this (none of us can) it is the nature of the beast and those times communicate with her that you are in a battle and would appreciate it if she did not drink that night. There have been a few times I asked my girlfriend to hold off for the night because I was struggling and she was more than happy to stay sober with me. 
