-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1fnjae/2_and_a_half_years_sober/

Hi everyone:) so I'm a 28 year old female and I have struggled with alcohol addiction for a very long time. However due to a number of reasons (2 duis jail time many blackouts both parents are addicts etc)  I can proudly say I am almost three years sober!..I have come a very long way. I have brought my gpa from like a 1.0 something to a 3.0 and i have two more semesters of school before i apply to my schools nursing program and I've fixed my horrible credit score. ..However due to personal reasons I do not attend any Aa or NA meetings...I was in therapy but lost my insurance due to changing jobs and I just got new insurance so I will be going back to therapy...A few questions......One I have been eating a LOT healthier but I have the biggest sweet tooth! Is this normal? Any tips for breaking it? I lost 15lbs when I quit drinking but I've gained about 8 back and I want to lose them again. ..I also get shaky alot. I drink coffee everyday and sometimes two or three cups. ..I  am also tired alotttttt. I work part time and I'm in school part time so my schedule is kinda hectic but I feel like I should have wayyy more energy than I do!..I see all these sober people running miles and marathons and I am jealous I can't motivate myself to do stuff like that and I feel like I quit drinking that was the hardest thing to do in my life I can certainly start working out at the least! But I go like three times and then quit! Wtf? I am pretty active I'm a server and I rollerblade/walk/etc. But not as much as I'd like...Now that I'm sober I feel like my standards for life are SO much bigger goals than before. I beat myself up ALOT and I wish I wouldn't but I just do...I also get scared because of so many people's mindset of if you're not following a program you will most likely relapse. But honestly I am so certain that is not a possibility for me that I don't ever have doubts in my mind about relapsing and I feel like those people are putting the doubts.In my head for no reason! ..I have a very small family and support group of friends but they are amazing and I'm grateful for them. I do wish I could branch out and meet. more sober people that aren't involved with any recovery programs sometimes I feel like I am the only one of my kind!..I feel like I'm rambling now but any input or advice is greatly appreciated!..This is also my first post on reddit woohoo :))..Michelle
----------immediate responses--------

I've experienced a greater desire for desserts and sweet things after a week or so away from drinking.  I usually eat very healthy even while drinking regularly maybe craving sweets is my body's way of asking for all that sugar it was used to having while I was drinking...I was heavier early in life and ate a very poor diet until the age of 17.  That could be why also. 
first off of all WELL DONE !!..&gt;One I have been eating a LOT healthier but I have the biggest sweet tooth! Is this normal? Any tips for breaking it? I lost 15lbs when I quit drinking but I've gained about 8 back and I want to lose them again....../r/paleo try it ... you sleep and energy levels will benefit enormously too.
Regarding sugar addiction for recovering alcoholics--a lot of interesting reading on this subject. I may be wrong on details but my understanding is this--as an alcoholic you were pumping your body full of alcohol which gets converted to sugar in the blood. Therefore every night your pancreas was overworked flooding your blood with insulin to control your blood sugar. This completely fucked up your metabolism which takes a long time to repair...This is part of why it is so hard to recover from alcoholism.. your entire body functions are rearranged to cope with a nightly binge. It isn't just your brain but every organ of your body dealing with this. And the metabolic stuff seems to take the longest to heal...Anyway by switching to sugar addiction you are not allowing your body to adjust its metabolism effectively creating the same problem you had with alcohol (albeit with far fewer consequences). ..I'm not a doctor but this is my understanding. I try to replace refined sugars with sugar from fruit an then ween off of it slowly...Coffee also messes with your blood sugar. But I like it too much to quit
[deleted]
