-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1fwlf8/get_together_with_family_for_funeral_struggles/

I'm here with my grandmother and my father and a few other family members I'm not familiar with. The drinks are pouring I'm struggling to keep my mind off what is in their glass. I'm having one of those moments where I think the universe is conspiring against me lol. I am texting some friends who are going to a party. ..Having some sober time under my belt I know where drinking will take me so I don't want too drink per say. However I'm sure lots of you can relate to how I'm feeling when I say I'm bothered by the feeling that I can't drink. ..I know I could easily pick up a drink but I really don't want to spend a night crying filled with remorse and disgust. ..I'm just writing this to get some of my thoughts out of my head as I'm the only sober one here. 
----------immediate responses--------

You say:..&gt; I'm feeling when I say I'm bothered by the feeling that I can't drink...But then you also say:.&gt;I know I could easily pick up a drink but I really don't want to spend a night crying filled with remorse and disgust...I doesn't sound like you *can't* drink it sounds like you don't *want to* drink...I might get a little down if I think about things I can't do but if I think about other people doing things I don't want to do anyway it doesn't bother me that much.  Maybe think of it more like that.  It's not that you can't drink it's that you're choosing not to...Whatever you do hang in there. Today will come &amp; go and whatever you're feeling will pass. As long as you don't pick up.  ..Best wishes.
Congratulations on your current streak and nice job on keeping it going. Something to keep in mind when you are surrounded by people who are partaking is that you aren't the one who is missing out. They are the ones missing out. What are they missing out on? Having their 5 sense intact the way nature intended for survival and life. What do you have that they don't? A clear understanding of what's taking place in your immediate surrounding and unimpeded judgement. It may not always feel great to have all of that awareness but operating in reality instead of a stupor is a sign of strength and is always an advantage if a situations calls for clear judgement and perception. 
Funerals suck.  But not having to worry about being the one who got drunk and said or did stupid things is a relief...Don't know if you do AA but slipping away to a meeting no you won't be missed can be a life saver at times like this.
