-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ghuvp/i_think_i_know_but_i_need_to_hear_it/

I've struggled with my drinking since I graduated college about 5 yrs ago. In true alcoholic fashion my drinking progressed and I've started getting in trouble. In the past yr I was release from my job got a divorce and served jail time. I have also relapsed during my 3yrs in AA. I have 76 day sober today but anyways I an so depressed looking back and seeing how my drinking has destroyed my life. I'm still working my recovery but I'm just so depressed and embarrassed at where my life is at the moment. Any advice will help even if it is" suck it up you did this to yourself"(I've herd that a lot).
----------immediate responses--------

The choice to drink is a reflection of your upbringing and what you've been through in your life.  It doesn't absolve you of responsibility but perhaps you could go easier on yourself knowing that.
I try to look at my past transgressions as things that needed to happen for me to get to where I'm at (in terms of recovery). You can't change what happened in the past but you can make the necessary changes today so that it's not repeated in the future. ..Try to think of yourself as someone who was very sick (if you subscribe to the Disease model of alcoholism then it shouldn't be too hard to do). You're no longer that person and the person that you are today/working towards being has an opportunity to rectify the mistakes of your past sick self.
I don't know if you did this to yourself. I think alcohol has a will of it's own. It wants to be your best friend and it wants to drive you off a cliff at the same time...Don't be too hard on yourself. Quitting is hard. Every day is a new challenge but facing life sober is the only way to really face it. Otherwise you're just a tool being used by a chemical. ..Stay strong. We're on your team. We want you to have the happiness you deserve. You can do it. Just don't drink today. Also getting a badge from the admins seems to help me a lot- I look at that badge and I count the days where I was able to be me again. After decades of being someone else. So nice to be me even with all of my flaws.....Stay strong I_wan. Read and post. We got this.
"reflections" by bliss n Eso.  
Today I believe I will learn one way or the other. That's progress for me because there were times when I thought I'd never learn. I much prefer the easy way of course but if I don't get it at least I'll learn the hard way...but I WILL learn. ..Somehow someway my greatest successes have come from my greatest failures. Not to the point where I'd actively pursue failure but to the point where I fear it much less. My experience has become one of my most valuable assets. I try to remember that I'm in the action business not the results business...I remember a time early in sobriety no job family had moved out car was broke down...I can almost hear one beloved (and since passed) sponsor of mine: "You're in the solution so it's time to pull yourself up and start carrying on like everything is going to be OK because everything IS OK."
Don't be too hard on yourself. You are working hard to change things. I do this to myself too. I've made big efforts over the last year but things haven't changed quick enough and I'm extremely hard on myself. Of course the self-bashing only helps one thing. 
[deleted]
I see you are in a recovery program.  Have you started working the steps yet?  There is huge relief and peace and serenity in the steps.  Find someone who has the type of sobriety you want and ask them to do them with you.  I will change your life if you are honest with yourself
It took me many attempts to get 90 days. I had reservations I had other ideas I had issues (and still do but don't let them deny my recovery.)..Your life will get better if you can stick to recovery.  We are not all rich not all are happy (but an incredible number are despite adverse circumstances) hell some of the AA members in prison i see every week are happy - they would like to be free but some of them are making the most of what they have.  ..Stick with it.  One fucking da my at a time 
I struggle with this too.   I have quit drinking because of the obvious destruction it has wrought in my life.   But acknowledging the destruction can make me feel like shit.   But ignoring the destruction is the path to drinking again -- so that's out of the question...There were two keys for me to solve this.   The first was to blame the alcohol that was in me for all this horror and not me as a human being.   It wasn't really me who did these things it was drunk me.   This gives me hope and allows me to heal and grow...Second once I have that hope I truly face all that I did drunk.   And a lot of it is horrific.   I don't ignore that.   I use that horror to reinforce my commitment to one thing that sober me can completely control - which is keeping alcohol out of my body.   The horror makes me angry at booze not myself.   And it helps.
Keep your head up I'm proud of you for facing youe demons
Growing as a person is the hardest job any of us have in our lives. Part of that is facing our own weaknesses. In some ways I feel a little lucky that a huge part of my own weakness came so neatly marked and bundled for me with a red flag of drinking plopped on top. Made it easier to identify what I need to work on...Many people go their whole lives driven by impulses and weaknesses that they can neither see nor understand. Congratulations you've found yours! Now what are you going to do?
You are driving. If you stare into the rearview mirror you will crash. Only glance back sporadically. Turn up the music look ahead and enjoy the ride.
I wish I had quit when I was your age. You have your whole life in front of you. No matter what your past your future is SPOTLESS.
