-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1gktvi/filthy_peasant_drug/

I'm fucking crazy and take a few medications to manage it.  These meds don't work well with alcohol especially when I was misdiagnosed and put on meds that made my symptoms worse.  The most reliable cure was alcohol; I could chug a pint of whiskey and leave the conscious world for a few precious hours...But during these vacations from consciousness I would routinely hurt myself act like a total ass to those around me (especially my saint of girlfriend who stayed with me during the bad times) and narrowly avoided going to jail many times due to the quick thinking of my friends...The strain of living like that was too much and the drinking was making the bipolar worse.  After a crazed night with Wild Turkey where I woke up to find my arm covered in cigarette burns I decided to quit drinking.  Not the quit drinking that lasts for a week or I just quit drinking X.  This was in September.  I've fucked up twice.  Once during benzo withdrawal in November (to paraphrase Arrested Development I had made a huge mistake) and once last month when I was filled with a strange restless anger that turned into a hypomania that weakened my resolve. This was also a huge mistake as my alcohol tolerance was low and the hangover lasted two days..I haven't had a drink in about 25 days and don't want another.  I'm in CBT right now and am finally finding new ways to keep myself busy find meaning in the suffering life and forcing myself into social situations without drinking.  I have a medical marijuana card and have replaced drinking with smoking medicine.  I know this isn't an ideal situation but one step at a time...It feels good to write this; no one really likes to hear about someone struggling with a socially accepted drug.  I've used this subreddit to get myself through rough patches by reading what others have wrote and I wanted to contribute.
----------immediate responses--------

sounds like you're kicking ass honestly.  keep it up and get connected.
There are a number of AA 'Double Trouble' meetings for people with mental illness and chemical dependence.  People who stay sober while on psych meds are my heroes.
As an almost 20 year Paramedic I think the medical marijuana is GREAT for you.  Never ever seen anyone anyone have ill effects or harm from JUST marijuana
Thanks for the support comrades.  I've been to AA meetings and have gotten something out of most them but the atmosphere and the Blue Book have driven me off (for reasons that don't need to be mentioned). 
&gt; no one really likes to hear about someone struggling with a socially accepted drug...I really like this. I want to post it on my facebook.
