-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1gucaz/86_to_0_now_back_to_10_thanks_to_you_guys/

I drank 10 days ago and you guys didn't let me spiral out of control.  You told me that what was done is done and that I'm wiser for the experience.  Thanks to your help I know I'm on the right track...My previous attempts would end in 1 bad night and after I would say that I was doomed to a life of drinking anyways so I might as well give up and start now.  That is the most vulnerable we can be I think.  You sit there hung over and recovering from the night before you feel like you've thrown all your hard earned days of sobriety away and you might as well give up.  Time to throw in the towel you're just not strong enough to beat this...Overcoming that wasn't easy but strangely I'm more proud of this 10 day badge than I was of my 86.  I didn't give in and fall back into my old habits.  I slipped up but this is the first time that I immediately said "No I can beat this." I owe a lot of this to you guys for your encouragement so I wanted to say thank you...Here is the original post.  If any of you are struggling or thinking of having a drink read what I wrote there.  If any of you are being over critical on yourselves or thinking of throwing it all away because of one bad night read how the community here responded to me...http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1g88jv/i_drank_last_night/
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
that's great. You slipped up but then were able to get back on the wagon again. I had a recent relapse but got back on the wagon after 2 weeks of drinking...I'm 18 days now beating you! (you'll never catch me!).
YES! You can beat this and are now doing just that--congrats! That was a great moment of clarity...Oh how I relate to the challenges of relapse. I could have shingled a roof with all the chips up to 9 months I had acquired over the approximately 5 years I battled with the idea of a drink being an option. ..The very last time around all the alcohol on earth turned into turpentine. From that new perspective it was strange that some people in this world can actually drink turpentine with seemingly no significant adverse effects. They're the weird ones!
Well done!
Great now the trick is to keep going and not fall for another pitch from your inner drunk.  What are you going to do differently?
I recently went from 170ish to what I have now. Went out to the old scene the old bars had one beer and thought ok. Even got soda water but people hadn't seen me for so long of a time they kept bringing me drinks. I needed a wing man my wife best friend or other friend who help me keep sober in group situations. I came home failed at 10pm not so much drunk but more defeated...You had that:.&gt;"No I can beat this."..Moment. I had a good talk with my wife and friends. Reset our rules and understandings and agreements. I had a company meeting last night where everyone was drinking very nice wine such nice wine but I kept up on the coffee and tonic (not mixed)..."No I can beat this."..Thank you for your words. You have made my day better.
Well done on getting back on the right track.  It can't have been easy so you should be proud of yourself.  You deserve this and don't forget it.  Good luck.
Don't get too involved in the whole "day count" thing. Think about this way: you only drank 1 time in the past 96 days. That's great. In fact you might be in a better place than if you were now 96 days with zero drinking. Because I'm guessing that your single drinking episode in the past 1/4 of 1 year furthered your motivation not to drink. ..You don't need to go joining any religions or using any vocabulary like "relapse."  You either want to drink at a given time or you don't. Sometimes it takes an additional drinking episode to figure out whether you really want to stop. I'm thankful that I got drunk a few months ago. I don't view it as "relapsing." It reminded me why I had taken so much time off drinking before that. One hangover later I was back to good ole' sober life which I'm find is much preferable to getting drunk every night...Another suggestion: sit down or take a walk -- whichever helps you think better -- and figure out what you want out of life your plan to achieve it and whether there's any room for drinking in that plan. Once you reclaim your life and start moving towards your goals you'll find that you don't ***want*** to drink because you're goal-oriented enough not to do something that could compromise those goals.
