-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ha9bk/struggling_tonight/

Hey guys. ..Today marks one week sober. One week since I went to jail. ..I've hit a meeting everyday and km occupying my time with studying and bettering myself. I'm still in the first few steps...but tonight is harder than others. ..I live with my girlfriend and she has been miserable since I was arrested. Saying I broke her lied to her let her down. I get that getting arrested isn't exactly the top of the list for qualities of potential mates but she's out drinking tonight with friends saying she needs 'me time.' It hurts with how little affection and understanding she's extended toward me and without us having sex I'm sure at a minimum she's going to solicit attention tonight. Beyond that...I don't know. ..She makes me feel like my disease is my own fault and to a degree it certainly is. My wrongs were mine and picking up a drink knowing I was alcoholic and then driving is my fault. I can't help but feel I WANT support as I stay sober...I don't need it though. I'm getting sober for me not her. ..Once again I'm ranting. I don't need relationship advice. Just a helping hand. 
----------immediate responses--------

You have plenty of reasons to keep on the path you've started.  It can be difficult but you can do it.  Hang in there.
[deleted]
Congrats on your week!  Focus on that...Drinking will make none of this any better.  None of it.    .This too shall pass.  With or without her.   ..At least you are not out there getting ready to drive drunk again.   .This shit gets worse.  I take AA into prisons.   Guy next to me last night is doing 5-15 YEARS for DUI. Think it was his best bud who was killed...
You will be alright stay the course it will be better for all involved. it's good to hear you are getting sober for you and you can see the difference in that and living for others. Bro it took three DUIs in a year for me to get it. I suggest you do something nice this weekend lighten the mood even if it is for a few hours. 
When we're drinking we don't realize what it's really like for the people around us. The reaction of your gf is pretty normal under the circumstances. She's scared embarrassed confused and worried which she's expressing as anger. It isn't the time to look to her for support even though you need and want it. Sorry...Your gf needs and deserves support too so right now it's important to stay sober and be patient. Do everything you can to not worry her. Be where you say you'll be; do what you say you'll do. It will take awhile for trust to build. ..Get support from this subreddit but more important from a group such as SMART recovery or AA. Go to meetings. It will help a lot and you won't be so lonely and you'll find lots of helping hands there. 
Im struggling too man! I went to a Dodger game this week and didnt drink...a happy hour work function and didnt drink...Even the thought of how miserable Ill feel tomorrow (which got me through the week days) isn't helping...I can sleep in tomorrow...it's just the disease getting us to cave. Drinking wont solve any problems. Stay strong dude. Im not going to drink tonight. It's not worth it.
Just keep not drinking and things will get better and better. Promise.
"I'm getting sober for me not her." THAT is what you need to keep telling yourself. Best thing you can do is remember this is YOUR life and you're doing what you need to do for YOU. Good luck buddy you're doing great!
Support will help. I know I couldn't have gotten this far without immense support from other people in the same situation I'm in who think the same way I do and who are staying sober. There are many ways to get this type of support. This community is a great way to do that as is any recovery program that involves being around other people. Personally I go to AA. Seeing the same sober people everyday going to dinner after meetings and hanging out with them helping others has made the difference and allowed me to maintain my sobriety thus far... and not be completely miserable while doing it. 
