-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1haegc/reflecting_on_90_days/

So finally my tag has hit 90 legitimate days.  What a great feeling...its funny that I personally attach so much meaning to a basically arbitrary milestone but this one feels like a pretty big deal and I am endlessly grateful that I have managed to arrive to this day sober and with a life that is really starting to come together.  ...Although I do not frequently contribute here it is a lifesaver to be able to read other's thoughts and struggles.  It keeps my own battles in perspective while also giving me some hope.  Anyway my key reflections:..* People suck - find the ones that don't.  Regardless of the location/situation I have found that it is so easy to get sucked down by negativity.  In meetings online at work.  I am slowly learning that even in recovery communities some people still suck and I just need to find the good people and stick with them..* Just don't drink.  So easy to say so hard to do.  I am getting to the place where the desire is starting to pass but just don't do it...just don't drink.  "Grin and bare it" and "fake it till you make it" were my two go tos in the early days.  Fortunately I don't struggle with the desire much at this point but man no getting around it temptation is a bitch and was for me early on..* Life is still hard.  I have had to learn to deal with life on life's terms.  Man life overall has been great but still I get hit hard by some things.  The most amazing thing for me has been the realization that life is actually a lot easier to deal with when sober.  I mean no shit right but still an amazing realization to get to live out.  Life is hard but making the hard decisions is easier..* Cut people some slack.  I have learned that other people don't have the same battle that I do but that doesn't give me a right to take out my anxiety on them.  They're still allowed to go out and have fun and I can too if i recognize that alcohol will kill me and I can have fun without it. ..That's all.  Just a massive sense of happiness about being here and wanting to thank you all for helping making it all possible.  Don't know what tomorrow holds but I'm staying sober tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations and thanks for the post.  90 days is a great milestone.  
Congrats!  I hit 87 days and then the pressure of 90 broke me...Well who am I kidding I used that as an excuse to start drinking again but at 87 days I'll admit it was the best i'd felt in years.
90 days is a long time! That's three months! I once heard a radio DJ talking about not drinking for three weeks and I remember thinking "why would anyone want to do that." Sounds like you're doing good..keep at it. 
Great job!
