-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hd7dr/what_now/

I've got a few things to babble about and you guys seem like a good sounding board...Well so I've been sober now longer than I can recall since I first started drinking. It is good but as I see others posting the novelty and "honeymoon period" is waning. I still have life issues to deal with. People can still be a pain in the ass. No surprises there but I'm thinking about drinking more and more. A month ago I might have a thought about drinking when I passed the liquor store on the way home from getting groceries and laugh to myself. Or wake up on Tuesday morning and think "well the liquor store doesn't open for a few hours better watch some South Park - oh...wait...I don't do that anymore?!" Now I have the same bizarre temptation but I am starting to rationalize it again. "Meh it's Sunday I can go grab some vodka after I hit Lowes and do the yardwork drunk it's still the weekend." Then rational me pipes up and reminds me how much it sucks to come off drinking. We all know where one day of care-free intoxication will put me right back where I was 2.5 months ago. Damn it. DON'T FUCKING DO IT. ..I cringe to think of doing anything hungover now. The only reason I am still sober is that I always have arranged to have to do something tomorrow. Tomorrow I have to visit the trophy shop work a few hours invoice a customer and have a phone conversation with someone I respect. I can't drink today if I want to do that stuff...."or can I hell I did it for years." DAMIT. Just one more day...A friend of mine pointed out at lunch on Friday that I forgot something mentioned to me a few weeks ago. Normally I would have attributed this to drinking. Now fuck my brain isn't working right. I've got nothing to blame or hide behind. This isn't what sober life is supposed to be like! Or is it. We make mistakes. Own them and grow for having made them. I thought sobriety was a cure-all and it isn't not by any stretch of the imagination. I realize that I'm not as smart as I think I am I make bad decisions attempt to hide from ramifications. But my wall to hide behind is gone. I'm out in plain sight. I miss my old excuse even though I only used it internally - i.e. I wouldn't tell others but in my head it was always "oh yeah I was prob drinking and just spaced it NBD"..One day at a time. It is easy to forget how shitty life was drunk all the time but at the same time I lived OK. Bills were paid and I had work to keep a roof over my head. The defeatist in me wants to revert back to that. Give up. Throw in the towel (or more literally throw up on the towel). I'm fatter than I was I was much slimmer when I didn't eat but a few times a week. ..So now that I've vented my immature and poorly developed frustrations lets focus on the positive. I need to. There has to be a reason for this torment. I'm more responsible. People can trust me to do thing when and where I promise. That certainly feels good. I do more things socially. I'm not cowering in my guest bedroom with a handle of vodka avoiding my family and friends. I can drive whenever I want. Who woulda thunk? I want ice cream at 1am? Not a problem. I got pulled over for speeding last week and wasn't shitting my pants hoping my BAC was under the limit after drinking last night. I knew I was a 0.0 I didn't smell like booze and I wasn't a dick to the cop. I got a warning. It was hard to get there a living hell of withdrawls and emotional torment but that small interaction seemed to make it all worth it. Or my parents are in town tonight and want to have dinner. Not an issue I'll see them at 6 when I finish work...this would have required days of planning when I was drinking. I'm free. For the most part I can shamelessly appear anywhere at anytime and be sober. How liberating. My family has noticed I'm less irritable and happier. Internal struggles aside I am. I'm a better person for being sober. ..So fuck that liquor store. I'll be damned if I have to interact with the sweet older cashier that didn't question my ex-daily purchase of Russian Standard and Camel filters. I'm heading to Lowes NOW 3 hours before the liquor store opens. I'm going to do my housework and I'm going to be sober doing it. I can't throw this life away. 
----------immediate responses--------

I hid behind alcohol sex drugs and food for a very long time. Once the curtain was drawn and I was exposed to life it seemed like a shit storm...Through treatment and AA I learned a lot about life that makes it completely bearable...1. You are not the smartest person in the world. In fact intelligence on paper and in school means nothing to no one people do not care about it and it doesn't protect you from ANYTHING...2. Expectations are brutal. When you expect sobriety to go a certain way you're gonna have a bad time. I am a tiny entity in a huge world that we don't understand. ..3. I create meaning in my life. Create a foundation you want and keep going...4. Your reactions are caused by you. Not other people...5. The next few hours are going to pass and it's up to me what I do with it. Make a choice.
When I was hungover..I didn't care if I failed and I coped with the failure by drinking more...a never ending downwards spiral. Life does't necessarily get easier when you get sober but you are better equipped to deal with it. Thank you for sharing. Stay strong.
P.S. Fuck that liquor store indeed!
I am learning more and more that alcoholism is not a drinking disease but rather a thinking disease.  I had to learn everything about my disease I could.  The people I found who had the best information were the people in AA. Since I have been willing to learn from them my cravings have gone my life is so full and fantastic.  This whole sobriety thing rocks!
Thank you. I too am hitting the mark where the novelty is gone. It was easy up to this point. I still had the fresh memories of the lady time I drank and how much it sucked. But it's getting so much easier to rationalize it. I completely understand where you're at with that. If I stay home and drink what's the worst that can happen? If I had a beer right now the world won't end. We are different though. I'm having a much harder time continuing to live sober. I came closer to drinking last night than I would like to admit. I had a stare down with a can of beer for what seemed like forever. I wanted to drink. For the first time since I quit I wanted to drink. I still want to drink. I want to get out of bed and have a drink right now. It's getting harder to tell myself no and that worries me. When I started this I knew it was the right thing for me but I'm not sure anymore. I'm glad you can look at the reasons you quit and remember why you made this choice. I hope I get there soon. I used to know I needed this. But I'm not so sure anymore. I don't know. I'm sorry for rambling. I just needed somewhere to think out loud. Congrats on making it as long as you have. I wish you the best of luck going forward 
Thanks for sharing. I'm going through some of the same feelings too so it's nice to hear/relate.
