-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hl6fn/rearranging_the_world_rearranging_priorities_but/

I've worked hard on practical things; organizing my schedule and activities to help my sobriety concentrating on my kids and my job carefully avoiding old friends and habits that would lead me to relapse.  What I have not done this time around is work as much on my own psychology or emotional messes.   That had been the strategy during past (failed) attempts to stay sober.  So far turning sobriety into a practical challenge rather than attempting to fight old demons has worked for me.  So many times I've read on here "just don't drink".  That simple advice seems exactly right on!  
----------immediate responses--------

I stay sober in AA.  One of the AA promises is the we will not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it.  Constructively working with others is one of the great things about the program.
That's great.  Advice I've seen (and given) is to try to make it easy on yourself.  Eventually one will probably have to work on their issues but getting to a point where not drinking is the "norm" is what I think to be the most important part...Good work dude.  Keep it up!  Ho ho ho!
Putting your house in order sounds like a very good plan to me.  It took me a long time before I was able to do that.  Don't forget where you spend most of your time (home &amp; work).  When the dust has settled and you have the time work on yourself.  For this alcoholic it was very critical.  You are right though.  No Drink No trouble that has to come first or the game is up.  Well done Santa.  I'll send you my list in December.
My experience is that I had to deal with the black hole I was trying to fill with drugs alcohol sex and other stupidity.  ..Quitting is much more than switching to seltzer...There are many ways to do this therapy did not work because I omitted details  about my drinking AA on the otherhand did work once I got over some things like not taking suggestions fear they would shove religion down my throat ( did not happen in the least) and thinking I was special unique and entitled to a loophole...There are other tools I use to move forward but AA and service are a mainstay.
Awesome! I'm of a similar mindset. The practical stuff is what everything is built on. There's some great quote I read somewhere along the lines of "Do you want to know what you actually believe in? The way you live your life every day is what you believe." I think that's really true: however we perceive sobriety it manifests through our own individual daily approaches. Sharing that really helps. Keep up the great work!
