-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hpgkx/dont_give_me_your_pity_give_me_your_shame/

Don't feel sorry for me...I don't have a big sob story. I don't have any DUIs broken marriages or estranged children. I haven't slept in a gutter and I've never injured myself or anyone else while drunk...I'm just a 22-year-old kid. Some people tell me that I'm too young to have a drinking problem that everyone my age drinks a little too much. They tell me I'll grow out of it as if it will magically happen without any effort on my part...Even some of you might agree with that. You might find my story laughable. "Come back when you actually hit rock bottom" you might say. Well I'm not here to gain your pity or to compete with your struggle. I'm just here to vent. I feel like I need to because it's an easier way of saying that which is so hard for me to say:..I have a problem...It was about 2 months ago that I realized my drinking had become problematic. I didn't see drinking alone as a problem. Even missing a few classes or showing up late to work (and drunk) didn't register. It took a ridiculously botched cover letter for a job and pissing the bed with my girlfriend in it to make me face the facts...I told myself I'd "cut down." No more whiskey just beer. I wouldn't keep alcohol in the house just drink at social events. But of course one beer turned into three turned into ten turned into God knows how many. I wasn't drunk enough to stumble or black out just drunk enough to embarrass myself at a party...So I told myself I was done. I didn't drink for 20 days easily the longest I've gone since I was in high school. It might even be the longest I've gone since I had my first drink at 16 but who can tell...But I slipped. It started off as a few drinks with my girlfriend's mother--I was meeting her for the first time and didn't want to seem square I guess. I might have had one or two too many but I didn't embarrass myself I don't think. I felt bad about falling off the wagon but I rationalized it...Just like I rationalized my beer at lunch yesterday. It was a holiday after all!..And like I rationalized the vodka I poured down my throat last night. And I rationalized being late for work today...The hardest part about having this problem is how easy it is to make excuses. It's so easy to "quit" when confronted with your shattered promises and you realize that your girlfriend loves the man you could be more than the man you are. It terrifies that I will invariably forget how I feel now. I'll fixate on a drink without considering the day after a drink. I won't go as far as to declare myself "cured" but I will tell myself that I can control it. Just enough to get me drunk and I'll be satisfied then I won't drink any more I'll say. Then I'll be wasted. Then I'll wake up. Then I'll be in the same spot I'm in now...It's my choices that have put me here. I chose to to be an alcoholic by deciding that booze would fix all my problems even as small as they are...I have a great life. I have a job a roof over my head and a girlfriend that loves me. I refuse to surrender those things. I have pride and shame. I have something else probably the most important thing of all: I have today and tomorrow. And I can do whatever I want with them...An alcoholic's promises are worthless so I won't make any. Instead I'll do my best to show you through example. I will live my promises rather than tell them...So don't give me your pity or your condolences. Instead give me your disgust give me your doubt. I don't need you to understand me I need you to challenge me...Right now I'm not who I can be. I envision that person and I want to say "that's me" but right now it's not. In a sense I am not me I am not here...But I will return.....Thank you so much for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I found that in order to stay sober I had to make a decision I didn't want to make... to give up alcohol and some days it was genuinely one-day-at-a-time.  It was helpful to do things I didn't want to do... not all the things but the important things...Keeping a journal was a big help as well.  It helped establish separation from my bad feelings and closeness with feeling good...It took time to heal but I kept up the work... the work of figuring out what work to do and the work itself.  The most important things for me then and still are the association I have with fellow former drinkers and the work I do proactively to be a sober person...IF anyone says you don't have a big enough problem to quit yet that's their flaw not yours.  Try to be forgiving.  ;&gt;
&gt; I don't have a big sob story. I don't have any DUIs broken marriages or estranged children. I haven't slept in a gutter and I've never injured myself or anyone else while drunk...A lot of people here have none of those things...&gt; Even some of you might agree with that. You might find my story laughable. "Come back when you actually hit rock bottom" you might say...Nobody should say anything close to that to you...One has a problem with alcohol if drinking it creates problems in their life the health and their relationships...If you feel that at 22 alcohol is doing those things to you it makes sense to make a change.  I tell you that if I could grab that little fucking asshole me @ 22 and shake him until he understood what he was doing to himself I would...Hopefully you'll find that alcohol really doesn't add anything to your life.  And that it's actually [Hip to be Square](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hkfqk/its_hip_to_be_square/).  And that at 22 you'll see that you can be the man you want to be without drinking...Good luck.  I found that being active in reading and posting to this subreddit helps a lot.  I also read the Allen Carr book in the sidebar.  And I attend [SMART Recovery](http://www.smartrecovery.org/) meetings.  All of these things along with the webchat (also in the side bar) help me get and stay sober.
Ape and JBH have mostly summarized it all and it's all great advice (from people who have been doing this a lot longer than I) but I just wanted to comment on something that you said in your post.....&gt; So don't give me your pity or your condolences. Instead give me your disgust give me your doubt...I understand the regret and not wanting pity but the truth of the matter is... obtaining sobriety and KEEPING it is really *fucking* hard. There are going to be times where you feel like absolute shit and unfortunately beating yourself up constantly isn't going to help keep you sober. Learning to forgive and love yourself will; having others around who understand love you and treat you with respect regardless of your shortcomings is also imperative. You definitely need to be challenged but you also need a lot of patience and understanding if you really want to walk this road of sobriety. Be kind to yourself and find others who can be kind to you as well...Best of luck to you; I know you can do this!
The recovery journey is rocky challenging and rewarding. Looking in the mirror along the way does not reflect the inner discovery and evolving of the person we want to be but it is real nonetheless. ..Eventually I looked with respect into my own eyes in the mirror. It will happen to you too if you walk the walk...With your whole life ahead of you the decision to stop drinking is momentous. It's a blessing to have the wisdom and motivation to take the step into sobriety now before alcohol eats away at your life any further.  
I won't give you pity disgust or even doubt. I'll give you company and the hope that you'll stick around. 
[deleted]
I've been lurking this subreddit for a couple of weeks and your post is the first I've related to the most...I am a 22 year old with a drinking problem as well who wants to change but doesn't know how...You're not alone in this struggle. People our age do drink too much but drinking too much and drinking all the time are different things entirely. ..PM if you wanna chat sometime..
You know what sucks the most? Having to have a drink to stave off the sweats the shakes to "feel normal". That's when you know that you are like it or not addicted.. .Oh I partied hard. I've done the same things you've done. It doesn't seem like you have a big of a problem more or less the same as me. I never hit rock bottom so to speak. I exercised regularly. My health was fine. EKG's liver enzymes BP heart rate blood work always came way in as a healthy human being. I went almost 500 days without a drink. Well more like in the 470's and I slipped up. Not severely but I did and I wanted to reset my badge just for my own records.. .I wanted to drink again. But I couldn't.. .The thing was sometimes just sometimes I wouldn't get a hangover. I'd get alcohol withdrawal. Now THAT sucked.. .You aren't too far gone it seems like. It's just time to change your thinking. Oh it's ok to drink but just put it off until tomorrow.. .Just don't drink today. . .You can drink tomorrow.. .Later rinse repeat. Just don't drink today.. .You don't have to quit forever. Trying to do that will make you insane at first. But all you need to do is not drink *today*. I know I know I know... it sounds like "one day at a time" mantra. But you can actually do it.. .Oh you'll slip up. We all have. For some moderation works. For some moderation is out of the question. Just give it up for a while. How long?. .Today.. .Not forever Today.. .Tomorrow re-read this response..
We are happy to have you! There is only one question that determines if you should quit drinking: Would quitting improve you life? That's it! No one gets to say if your disease has progressed enough for you to start treating it. I was in a similar (but a little worse) boat to you and I was ambivalent for too long because everyone said "It's normal!!" When I finally got treatment at 27 my therapist said "This disease has four stages you are at stage one. It is obviously much easier to treat now than later." More and more young people are realizing that this is REAL 10% of the population are alcoholics if you are part of that you just can't drink!
I'll tell you first off you're not too young at all. I was in &amp; out of the rooms of AA until I sat down at 23 and my last sobriety date is when I was 24. You're not too young at all. I never lost as much but mostly that's because I couldn't get it in the first place. I saw my friends growing up and maturing and I was stuck. You're really not that young. It's good you know there's a problem now...As for the self loathing... It won't keep you sober. You're making yourself the victim of your own story. Stop that. Do not grovel for scraps at the table. You are a freaking human being. You are a sick person trying to get well not a bad person trying to become good. I will not shame you because shame is stupid. Shame is a useless emotion. ..You have a limitation it's called alcoholism. That's okay me too. That does not doom you to being worthless shameful or forever unable to hold a promise. I'm an alcoholic and guess what? I'm trustworthy. It's possible. And many folks in many ways have figured that out. We're human we've all got limits. One of mine is my inability to tolerate alcohol like a normal person. That's not my fault. Some people drink a lot and never become alcoholics. I'm pretty sure I was at the first drink. I won't flay myself over what I didn't know. ..But now that you know this limitation it's up to you to be responsible about it. Learn about it learn about you. Start a program any program of recovery and actually do it. A cancer patient doesn't just look at chemo and sit in the rooms they take the chemo they lose their hair to get better. There will be times you'd probably rather lose your hair than go through recovery it seems impossible. It's not. And there are a bunch of people on your side...And last but not least get over yourself. Your writing style says you're smart. What you write about says you're self-centered. 
I wish I'd quit when I was 22.  I'm sure I'm not alone.  Keep it up and you'll  be giving yourself a great start in life.
I'll just say this much I'm twenty three and can relate to almost everything you posted. Shoot me a PM if you ever want to talk. 
I just went to a AA meeting this week where one thing resonated with me more than others.  People with drinking problems wish they could stop at 2 beers or a glass of wine but they WILL finish the case/bottle and if they can't have too much they don't drink.  Alcohol abuse is such a difficult to quantify but if you aren't happy with alcohol in your life then stop posting on reddit and go to 90 AA meetings in 90 days.  
