-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hsjoe/i_relapsed_and_im_glad_i_did/

Prior to this weekend I had spent a lot of my time in treatment staying sober for others/the wrong reasons. I had planned on going back to "just drinking once in a while" or "limiting myself to only a few drinks when I do drink" however now I realize that I can't take that first drink because if I do I sure as hell won't be able to limit myself at all. ..On Wednesday I hit 30 days sober and figured "Hey I'm not gonna make it to the next milestone anyways and I'm going to drink after treatment ends so I might as well have a drink tonight!" Not such a great idea. While nothing "bad" really happened while I was drinking I was still kicking myself for throwing away my sobriety. I had killed a fifth in one night no sweat when I relapsed and honestly that scared the shit out of me. If I can go 30 days without drinking and then "limit" myself to only a fifth then how much am I going to be drinking each night when I inevitably go back to drinking every day?..I'm really glad that I have finally realized that I cannot in fact limit myself and that the only course of action is abstinence. Also seeing that I am incapable of "drinking like a normal person" had finally allowed me to admit to myself that I truly am an alcoholic and I can't take that  first drink. Now I'm staying sober for me and not for anyone/anything else. Cunning baffling and powerful indeed!..TL;DR-tested myself with drinking failed learned I must stay sober for me and only me...Thanks for reading guys and gals. I look forward to using this sub as one of my tools.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you figured it out. 
Glad you got past that.No one can deny an alcoholic their experience.
You learned from it and to me it sounds like you are now ready. Very happy that you didn't have to stop by the local jail or hospital during discovery. As you noted if you can "limit" yourself to fifth in an evening were you to go back drinking full time I can almost promise you a trip to the ER in your future...Stay true to yourself and don't forget why you stopped drinking. .
For me that realization and accompanying worry ultimately killed whatever fun I expected to get out of drinking. I hope that you can take what you learned to heart and make it stick! All we get to focus on is today either way. You got it!
It sometimes takes a lot of research to gain acceptance.  Good look on our journey. 
Hope it all works out for you! Obviously you are unable to drink in a safe way so I hope that you decide to keep it that way.
I'm glad you learned this lesson and that it was a relatively inexpensive one.  The cost could have been so much higher.  It cost me 10 years to learn.  My own hope is that others can learn this lesson from our mistakes for free.  
[deleted]
The title scared me for a moment but I glad I read it wrong. 
Good for you for using the knowledge and tools you've already gained for yourself!  Happy day one. :-)
I do so well then start fantasizing about moderating my drinking.  No more!
Seems to be the way it goes for some regardless of interval. It happened about that way for me (about 30 days) it has happened to some with multi-year periods. You and I were lucky for me it was the final argument and it sounds that's true with you also. Others not so much - didn't make it back...Congratulations on your discovery..
Sounds like you've gained some incredible acceptance. It took me years to gain that and I know my relapse starts when I stop accepting that I can no longer drink. Your story has reminded me of that today. Thank you for being part of my sobriety! 
There's nothing that sticks better than the lessons you learn yourself.
you did not throw away your sobriety. you still have 30 days sober and if you so choose you will have another 30 days. I am glad you were able to learn this lesson about yourself :)
[deleted]
I'm not glad you relapsed because well it sucks in general but I'm glad it gave you that chance to reflect. I know when I relapsed after four months   it was not a pretty sight. One of my biggest realization is that 10% of the population are alcoholics 90% aren't. I'm a alcoholic and that's just how it is I can't drink! 
I have a very similar story. Went to detox got a quick 30 days doing outpatient counseling ended up with a drink in my hand because 'look at all the hard work ive done!' ..Didn't last too long thankfully only a week. But the way I lost total control over how I was drinking *the instant i picked up that first drink* was what finally scared me into realizing i needed to take recovery seriously. Hopefully it's the last time I need to learn that lesson. 
Hey OP! Great job! I had a similar thing happen to me: Last summer I got the prognosis from my doctor that if I didn't quit drinking I would surely die. So I quit but you know moderated some too. I would drink at "certain things" like a really good show. . or what not. .Sometime around late November I was sitting down to play a show after having 4 weeks sober under the belt and just said "fuck it! I have drink tickets!" And then proceeded to drink the ever living shit outta everything for the next six weeks...When the new year came around I realized I was do up for some follow up work on the state of my liver and it occurred to me that "one night" of drinking led me to "6 weeks of being a fucking waste". I haven't had a drop since and I never will again...I'm not going to say I'm glad I got loaded for 6 weeks straight but I'm glad as hell that I have the fortitude to know that I can't control it. So here we are!.
I'm happy for you that you were able to turn this setback into a positive! 
