-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hyvw5/here_i_am_again_my_third_try/

Sorry for the long post!..My drinking began to escalate in my third year of college I had just transferred schools (and wasn't 21 at this point) and had my own apartment. I was a high functioning alcoholic. On the outside - everything looked great. I had almost a 4.0 at a top school lots of friends making some side money everything seemed fine to my parents and observers...Except I was showing up to tests that I would ace drunk. I would write an honors thesis that scored highest in the class drunk. Going to class drunk was normal if it was anytime after noon. I never had a wake up call because I was excelling. I thought my behavior was "normal" and I thought that I was "pulling a fast one" on the establishment...Half of the years which were supposed to be the best of my life disappeared. By the time I turned 21 I remember one semester where I walked into the campus bar at the beginning and I felt like my only other memory was getting up to leave at the end of the semester. Almost four months totally gone. ..I'm 23 now. Drinking has cost me a lot. A lot of money relationships and I'm ashamed to say it - almost my life. That was my first wake up call...I made a bad choice after I graduated about a year ago with risky sex. Long story short my anxiety (which I have struggled with since childhood) took over and the stress put me on a several month long bender. I was contemplating suicide daily and drinking probably around 12 a day to deal with the stress and shame caused by my poor choices. Thankfully that nightmare ended with a negative blood test. ..After that I knew I had to make a change and be honest with myself about Alcohol: That bastard wants to kill me...While I was drinking I met a great girl. Unknown to me at the time her mother and father had struggled with alcoholism and her father sadly passed away young. We started to get into a relationship but I was afraid of taking it further. I didn't want to put her health at risk because of my stupid choices. Once I got a clean bill of health I started tapering down and finally quit with her support. She saved me. The times I spent with her were some of the happiest of my life. I never told her about my personal struggles...Now that I think about it - even though I didn't touch a drop for almost 4 months I was doing it wrong: I wasn't doing it for myself. I was doing it to protect her from the monster that I knew was inside of me and the same monster that took one of her parents. I wanted to give her a safe place. ..While I was drinking I applied to a few graduate programs because I didn't really have a plan when I graduated from college aside from "get good grades." Even though they were well ranked - I knew I could have done better on the entrance exam if I was sober. I got into two - one in my city and one that was an hour and a half away. I chose the one that was far away - largely because when I made my decision I didn't want my parents and friends to see my health deteriorate...Once I found out I was healthy - I realized immediately that I made the wrong choice about grad school and threw away a great relationship all because of some bad choices I made because of my Alcoholism. ..One day as I was walking through the grocery store at school I got a call from her and in my gut knew something was wrong. I remember it vividly. I was walking through the wine section on the way to get some eggs and I could tell from the tone in her voice that something was going on and I felt my heart sinking. I looked around and saw these bottles of wine looming above me. It was almost like the bottles were about to collapse on me like they were going to crush me. I had been sober for over 100 days at that point. A few days later I caught her lying. Once I lost trust I ended the relationship. ..After she left my life I sort of thought to myself "whats the point" and then predictably I started drinking again. I was already depressed stone sober in my grad program more depressed than I was when I was drinking over 10 a day - every day - for months. So I dropped out and moved back home to pursue a career I wanted and not the one my parents wanted for me...I thought everything was going to be alright...Except I found a neighborhood bar that I could walk to and became a regular. Everyone liked me. That's my problem - I'm a nice friendly guy when I'm out at bars. I usually don't get too drunk because of the cost I don't drunk dial or text because I'm socially engaged I never get angry. Of course - when I drink alone the monster starts to come out.. .After wasting around five months of my life and a few anxiety ridden blackout hangovers feeling bloated and emotionally numb I decided to stop for a month. I made it 28 days. ..I felt great I was saving a lot of money lost a lot of weight and was savoring the feeling that I had accomplished something. I knew where I was going to wake up. I was excited to make it to day 30 but then a friend of mine called and said it was our bartenders last night before she was going to move away. I caved. I drank one beer and went home. ..I noticed something though. The bar I liked so much had turned into a different place when I was sober. The bartenders were less nice the people seemed like fools. Even though I felt good about making it for 4 weeks - I felt like a failure not being able to get to 30 and then started drinking again...Today I'm hungover and worst still I missed a phone call with someone who is going to be my boss at a dream job (if they still give me an offer now). I told him over email I had food poisoning and overslept. In reality it was because I had a Jameson and soda a shot of Absinthe 6 beers and 2 bottles of wine. 18 drinks. Eighteen over a 10 hour period. On a Monday. ..Lately I have been forcing myself to make a list of how much I've been drinking each day. I'm disgusted and ashamed. I'm powerless over alcohol and that I can't stop once I start drinking. ..In the past three months I've been sober maybe for two days. I can't keep this up. I wont be able to do this job drinking the way I have been. I also got my drivers license and I've had nightmares about drunk driving - something I have vowed never to do. If I don't quit - I know that there is a chance I'm going to do something stupid like get behind the wheel...Since dropping out I've quit smoking learned how to drive and how to live in the "real world." I've also saved enough money to put down for a house. If I can get a steady job I'll be able to move out and start my life. A big reason I drink is because I feel alone. I want a relationship but I feel like I need to be sober before I can do it. My second time sober - /stopdrinking was a huge help and source of inspiration except I always had a feeling that I needed to participate. ..I've also thought about going to AA...It feels good to get this all out - as I've never really opened up to  anyone about the extent of my problem. Thanks for reading!.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm just a lurker on here because I feel that I abuse alcohol.  I have no real experience or advice to give you but from what I've seen the people on this sub are awesome.  They will have som great advice for you.  The reason why I am commenting is because my heart goes out to you when I read what you wrote it became clear to me that you seem like you are a very intelligent person who otherwise has his shit together.  Despite alcoholism you have done some incredible things.  You are so capable if you can do all that you have done you can kick alcohol too.  I also wanted to tell you that I understand the reasoning that you drink --because you feel alone.  I just wanted to say that you are never really alone.  You can always get on the computer and PM me and I'll talk to you and I'm sure a lot of other people on here would do the same.  I'm sorry this isn't really great advice I'm not an expert in these things...but I just wanted to tell you that you're already doing a great job in your life by succeeding through alcoholism I know you have the power to do this! Best wishes to you and don't be a stranger I think a lot of people here would love to help you through this :)
Thank you for sharing your story. ..Now what are you waiting for? Reach out to AA. Help is waiting for you.
Hi Eightwind. Welcome. I'm powerless over alcohol too. It's a thing. ..If you start reading all these old threads you'll hear people who sound and think just like you. I know I do...Read a little bit of [this book](http://www.aa.org/bigbookonline/en_tableofcnt.cfm). There are chapters and there are also a lot of personal stories. Some of what they think and do might ring familiar too...My point is you're absolutely not alone. I can feel lonely at my own birthday party dude. In fact I'm pretty sure I have. Like I said it's a thing. Go and talk to other drunks and you'll feel nearly normal almost immediately. Willpower isn't what you're lacking in this. Check out the AA in your city and see if you hear anything that sounds familiar there. Good luck. I know that you can get out..
Welcome Eightwind! I'm also on my third try and drink because I'm lonely. Drinking actually makes me feel more lonely and isolated so I was creating a vicious cycle. It got really bad when I moved 3 states away from everyone I know (except my husband) a year ago. I might have been able to make some new friends by now if I wasn't at home wallowing in the bottle. It sounds like you've got a good head on your shoulders so don't give up &amp; keep thinking about all the positive things that will come your way. Good luck to you!  
The best part about opening up and accepting the powerlessness then reaching out is the knowledge that you are not alone. I have been in AA for over 8 years now and not once have I had to look at the photographs in the frames to find out where I was in the morning or walk miles to my car hoping it was at the last place I remembered driving. I have not woken up filled with remorse and self-contempt in a very very long time. I may not personally agree with some of the things about AA (which I won't go into here) but the steps have definitely completely changed my life. Because it isn't really about not drinking - its more about how do I live sober? That's the hard part. I found the answer in AA and I have no doubts there are other places to find it that is just what worked for me. Just waking up being able to respect myself again makes the work (and it will take work) worth doing. 
Coming off a relapse or celebrating a big sobriety milestone the best thing any of us can do is stay sober just for today. Glad you're getting back to it - keep putting one foot in front of the other!
