-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hzqev/6_months_0_drinks/

Well it's official. It's been 6 months without a single sip of alcohol. This is the longest I have ever gone without drinking. And I did it myself. No AA no NA no god just me and my own sheer willpower. And of course this awesome and life-saving sub. Thank you guys seriously. I don't always post but just reading the posts here help a lot when I'm struggling...It feels absolutely great. I remember making it about 4 months last year before I caved and I remember thinking that it would take forever to get past that point again. I am extremely damn proud of myself. I still go to bars on occasion to hang out with friends to to play pool and sometimes when I'm feeling brave to say hello to a beautiful woman. Yet I don't drink there. Even the bartenders get annoyed with me sometimes for being that guy that always gets water but I could care less (tell them you're the DD and they'll stfu.) There are even a few beers in my fridge right now that I have no desire to drink that a friend left last time he was here. Another friend of mine recently asked me about this asking me if I should get rid of them as to not  tempt me . I laughed. I told her beer and alcohol in general isn't a temptation at all anymore. I am completely and 100% not tempted to drink in any way whatsoever. And that's an awesome thing to be able to say...The truth is is that I just don't like who I become when I drink. I become a different person. I'll make stupid decisions and do things I wouldn't normally do. And that's the only reasoning I need. I hurt people when I was drunk. I hurt myself when I was drunk. I let people down. And those are things I quit doing (at least not accidentally) when I quit alcohol. When I see those beers in my fridge I don't think of them as "one beer or two." I view all alcohol as something that I can't have at all because I choose to be a better person. That's why it doesn't even tempt me. I am so positive I never want to drink again I never want to become that terrible person I become when I drink that I *absolutely have no fucking desire to pick that back up.*..The differences between my life when I drank alcohol and now are many but truthfully there is only one big difference that I care about. And that difference is that I now plan for the future. I now feel a slight stability in my life that I never had before. My brother was recently in town for two weeks he just left this morning actually (he's the one that left the beers haha) and I already miss him like crazy. But we have some great plans in a year from now and the crazy thing is that I know **as long as I don't drink I'll probably reach those plans**. I can plan for the future now and look forward to it. I didn't have that before. I mean I would plan for the future and stuff of course but there was always that slight *who knows what might happen the next time I drink* playing in the back of my mind. I did crazy foolish dumb ass things when I drank and I never had a sense of permanence like I do now...I've also found my health and confidence rising dramatically. For the first 2-3 months my confidence was shot without alcohol. There was no way I could talk to that girl at the bar without getting a few shots first. But just recently I worked up the nerve to stand up and walk over to a table with 3 beautiful girls and introduce myself. That's something I never thought I could have done sober. I would have had to have a million drinks first. And I'm exercising a lot now too. Now that I'm always 100% healthy in my mind I want to get stronger I'm working out eating better trying to gain weight (too skinny) and actually focusing on stuff I never cared about before. Maybe it's because I don't drink so I need to fill my time with more things but it's working...The only advice I really have for anyone else struggling is to just not let yourself talk yourself into it. Your own mind can play tricks on you. Your own mind knows better than anyone else in the whole world how to get you to do something. And you can't fight with it. You have to just tune it out. You can't reason against your own mind. I'm not tempted by alcohol at all in and of itself like I said earlier but my own mind will sometimes try to tempt me into logic games that lead to drinking. I've gotten really *really* good at tuning my own mind out...I want to thank you all again for being so awesome and having the guts to share your stories and posts. Even the posts that talk about "Oh I couldn't do it I drank again..." help me. Every post here helps me so please don't be afraid to post how you feel. And by no means am I saying AA/NA aren't great programs. They just aren't for me so I hope I didn't offend anyone with that first paragraph. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

With full disclosure that I haven't actually tried AA/NA I must say they sound like a nightmare for me -- I don't do so well in most social situations. Thanks for chipping in with a success story from the path that I too have chosen.
Congrats and keep it up
Well done buddy. I hope to have the confidence you have as my sobriety grows. Thanks for the inspiring post!
Great job keep it up! Life does open up quite a bit to achieving bigger and bigger goals the more we stay sober. Hope things keep going well for you!
Great job and I especially like the advice about tuning your own mind out.  I use this as a technique too.  Just recognize that the thought is there and then let it slip away into the background of my thoughts.  It's still there for a while but its power loses hold as I move on from it to other things.  Congrats on six months keep it up!
[deleted]
Good on you but watch yourself and be careful. Never let your guard down when it comes to alcohol or it will snatch you right back. Continue to be involved in some sort of recovery.
Congrats I made it seven years on my own before. ..Good luck and keep coming back hopefully this sub makes it seem like you aren't alone.
