-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i1862/just_relapsed/

I have always gone to extremes with obtaining alcohol and this was one of them. My parents have a locked up refrigerator where they keep their alcohol (this has worked pretty well) but today I was home alone and found a way to break into that fridge and get some of the alcohol. I didnt want to but somehow the craving was a lot stronger than normal. And I had the equivalent of a glass of wine and a few shots. (Because I knew she would notice if I took more). This actually the third day that Ive been craving but I completely gave in and found a way to get to the alcohol..I know that I cannot drink the alcohol in the fridge anymore because it will become noticeable but in the mean time can anyone give me suggestions for curbing the cravings?? Ive tried tea but need other suggestions!.
----------immediate responses--------

Eat something even if you're not hungry...Exercise even if you don't want to.
Eating candy or something sweet helps with cravings...Go to AA or SMART recovery meetings. It's easier and more fun to stay sober with the support of others who understand. ..Why do you think you should quit drinking?
[deleted]
Post about that craving or talk to another alcoholic when it comes. That'll save you from making posts like this. Three days is a long time to stew on a craving.
Candy and other sweets can be good for cravings especially early on.  ..Plenty of people use the following acronym to assess and combat cravings - HALT:..Am I?:..H: Hungry..A: Angry..L: Lonely..T: Tired..Going through that list can help (e.g. take a nap eat a Snickers call a friend)...Good luck and hang in there.  
It sounds like you are looking for ways to be OK with the fact that you cannot obtain alcohol.  This is not sobriety.  Sobriety is about making a choice to stay sober and working a program to ensure that sobriety even if you are surrounded by booze.
I've stated this in several threads already and don't want to sound like a broken record but Allen Carr's book on how to control alcohol really took away the cravings for me. It took away the need for me to have to use willpower which in itself is self defeating. I highly recommend giving it a read. I was amazed at how easy it actually was to put the drink down especially after 23 yrs of drinking daily!
