-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i2aa6/advice_on_quitting_drinking_for_young_people/

I'm nineteen years old. I've been going to AA and I'm planning on doing 90 in 90. I like it a lot so far but I haven't found many people who have quit at a young age (under 25). ..I know I have a problem. However with my minimal amount of drinking years there's still some struggle with denial. I've shown all the signs the drinking in the morning alone self medicating compulsion constant fear and anxiety 12 hour hang overs trying to control it failing and the family history of alcoholism. I even did some damage to my pancreas and my liver...I guess what I'm looking for is not just knowing I have a problem but advice on how to accept it. Also if there's anyone who has quit around my age with anything to share. I'd like to hear and listen to people who have experience in this situation and how they have gotten through it. .Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol doesn't care how old you are. I am 31. I tried once to quit when I was 27ish and lasted about 90 days. I internalized everything before and it was only a matter of time before I started drinking. This go around--I'm open about my disease. I post here and read others similar stories. I have some sober friends I can text/call who are there for me now. I've made it clear to people I can't drink and I've  removed myself from the people who still tempt me to. I wish I had quit at your age. Now is as good a time as any to stay sober!
[deleted]
There are 'young people's' conferences and I know of at least one 'never had a legal drink' group...You aren't alone.
I think of it like a track team the marathoners who get sober at 60 middle distance events like me at 39 and the sprinters. Like you.  Each of us is exhausted and spent at the end...Welcome.  And find young people's groups or start one and go out to other meetings and recruit.  
Well we hear two types of stories about young people coming to AA: they either accept it and prosper from staying in the program at a young age or they go back out and need life to kick them in the nuts for a few years before they eventually get it and wind up back in AA.  The third story we never get to hear because the kid doesn't survive long enough to get back.
18 years old picked up 9 months two days ago. Don't listen to the voice saying you're not an alcoholic. It's easy to do at our age. We're really no different than anyone else here. Get a sponsor and work a solid program and you will come out okay.
I drank for decades and am still in denial.  Alcoholism does not care about time or age...Look for young peoples meetings.  Theres a group of young people in AA around me and I see them hanging out together a lot.  It's pretty cool.  If you see other young people at meetings invite them to hang out afterwards. Go out for smoothies and movies and shit.
[deleted]
I would approach this from two angles.  I'd check local groups for Youth/Young Peoples/Teen groups (Whatever they call them in your area) to get in touch with people of a similar age - people you could possibly relate to.  And I would also look for meetings with a large number of "old timers" who have many years under their belts so you can hear from those with experience.  Ask people at meetings if they know of any groups you may be interested in...I know of one Youth meeting in my area that has a huge turnout every week and the average age of members (I would guess) is probably early twenties.  I'm 27 and I actually feel really old when I go to that group but it's a good one...I can tell you for a fact that you are not alone at being young and quitting.  I went to a rehab facility for a month to jump start my recovery.  When I arrived three of the twenty-five residents weren't even of legal age to drink and throughout my stay there - as residents who'd completed the program left and were replaced by newcomers - I met several other individuals under 25 y/o...Many of the individuals I've met quit in their 20s-30s but they are now in their 40s and 50s.  They've got great advice to give but I do admit to feeling uncomfortable with some of their recovery stories because even though they got sober around my age there's such a huge time gap between where they are now and 20-30 years ago when they were actually my age...I'm just rambling at this point so I'll end with this;  Shop around for meetings you like.  There's no need to commit to one after going just once.  Find a younger meeting so you can relate to and talk to your peers on your level about what's going on with your recoveries.  Find a group with lots of "Sober Time" (50 or more years between at least 3 people.)  Get a sponsor and/or a friend/friends in recovery you can talk to every day.  Once you've gotten all of these things find other meetings to fill in the rest of your week as needed...Best of luck :)
There are many young people in recovery and on this subreddit; I hope some respond to your comment. ..You have more than a "problem" you have a disease. To help with acceptance it's important to do a thorough written Steps 1&amp;2. Doing so helps cement an understanding of the disease as well as accepting that you have it. If you need a copy I have one you can print and fill out. ..You're a good person with a bad disease. You would never have developed the disease if you didn't drink. Obviously you started drinking alcohol before the legal age limit and now you have a severe case of alcoholism. You never meant for it to happen.  ..If you had diabetes you'd have to manage the disease the rest of your life. Alcohol trust me is much easier to manage than diabetes. However your peers are experimenting with alcohol and drugs so it does make it tough I understand. This is why it is crucial for you to have a relapse prevention plan which protects you against alcohol use. ..Finding sober friends is important. For awhile you may have to settle for hanging with some older folks but eventually I hope you'll find some young people in recovery. ..I'm wondering if you have plans for the future and are in school. Staying busy with your education work exercise and hobbies will help pass the time and build your self esteem. You have your whole life ahead of you. Think of alcohol as poison to your system body and soul. Just as diabetics get sick if they have too much sugar so will you suffer negative consequences if you drink alcohol. Bummer but that's life. ..I hope you won't have to do more research to convince yourself because I assure you if you drink the consequences will only get worse. Best wishes to you young man on your recovery journey. Keep reaching out. Let us hear from you often!....
[deleted]
24 here. Find hobbies be active and creative. Feels good man 3 months tomorrow.
