-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i3c16/grrr/

I'm frustrated lately- I've been wanting to relapse and that's frightening.  It's been about 6 days and it's really wearing me down.  I met with my psychologist yesterday and I'll email my psychiatrist today and I think I'll write to Women for Sobriety today too.  ..There are a lot of environmental and situational triggers at the moment but more significantly I'm getting a little bit sober-fatigued and I'm starting to approach some inner territory that feels unknown and is thus scary.  I know drinking and that feels less scary in the the short term.  ..But just because I have alcoholic Stockholm Syndrome doesn't make it right!  So no drinking god damn it.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there.
Hang in there my friend. This will pass trust me...B
50 days is amazing great work! Can you do something to distract your brain? Lose yourself in a book or movie get some exercise reconnect with an old friend. Treat yourself to a new haircut or spa treatment. Check out some kind of support meeting.............. good luck to you be strong. 
Early sobriety can be overwhelming especially when that "inner territory" starts bubbling up. What you are feeling is normal. You are barely sober so hang on. It gets easier. ..Feelings can be confusing. When we're drinking we aren't feeling real emotions. Hence the expression "Feeling no pain." ..I learned some techniques which worked for me. ..* When you have an emotion ask yourself if it's happy mad or sad. Stop and feel it. Sink into whatever it is. If you feel like crying which I did a lot let the tears come. If you're upset sit quietly and feel the feeling. You may not even be able to name it. It helped me not be so triggered by emotions and I felt more in control. ..* Another "trick" I used related to events and memories which were too much to think about. Not only was I not ready to deal with them I didn't know how. I used imagery to put the upsetting memory for example in a box put the lid on it and slide it under the bed or put it in a drawer. It's "off the table" so to speak. When you're ready you can open the box and decide what you want to do. Often these are issues to work on with a therapist...I don't know if what I've said applies to your situation or not. One hour one afternoon one day at a time. Take care of yourself!....
2nd month had its own unique kind of challenges and I get it. Initial elation wears off and kind of a "what next?" started appearing in my head for a while. Hang in there it gets better; what next is not drinking next but other much better stuff.
&gt; alcoholic Stockholm Syndrome.  I have never heard of that before.  Keep it simple my friend.  No drink No trouble!
You have a choice remember that.
I know your exact feelings. Kinda fear of the unknown.. It gets easier I promise! PM me if you need anything.
Very grateful for all of the messages- tonight was actually a bit easier.  I wrote to both my doctor and WfS and if I feel significantly affected by craving tomorrow maybe I'll try an online SMART meeting or maybe I could go in to one or I could try out another AA meeting.  The responses certainly help by making me feel less alone.  Thanks!
