-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i3efq/i_can_be_done/

Well I made it to 100 but I did not do it alone. I have been in the fellowship of ironically NA (different atmosphere) but AA and this forum has helped me drastically. To sum it up this is what I did to get the here:    ..- Didn't drink    .- Decided I wanted to stop (did it sober)    .- Set up my support team (AANA /r/stopdrinking)    .- Read and posted comments/post at least once daily    .- If I didn't know I asked someone also told on myself when I wondered into stinkin thinkin.  .- Had an open mind    ..I'm going to ramble for a sec. It took me 3 yrs to get 100 days. I have tried on my own (failed) I tried to stay in the recovery rooms as much as possible (overwhelming failed) but I have found a realistic balance. My life is still hard b/c of my drinking but now I'm sober and equipped to handle it in stride. Sorry to be Clich  but life is a beautiful struggle now. We are all a little crazy. Here is my good crazy; I named my addiction and when I get the bad thoughts I think (talk out loud if I'm alone) "Nope Fred (my addiction) you are not getting me today!" or "whenever we hang out I am the one who gets in trouble." A little crazy I know but it works for me. It helps me not fight myself and attack the real issue my addiction. I am not the problem addiction is the problem but I am the one who pays consequence; it also doesn't absolve me of my actions due to my addiction. /r/rstopdrinking is the backbone of my support thank you all. You all don't cosign any bull shit and that helps a lot.    .**TL;DR** Living sober can happen just find out what works for you!!
----------immediate responses--------

Amen! Alleluia!
I love the idea of naming your addiction. 
What a cool Idea!  I never heard of that one before.  I will have to think long and hard for a name for my addiction because I am an alcoholic!  Well done on you 100 days again!
90 days is my biggest goal right now congrats on 100! you are an inspiration to me.
