-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1i466m/six_weeks_clean_and_sober_today/

i just discovered this forum last night so i thought i'd introduce myself. hope that's okay...this is my first thread ever on reddit and i'm a little nervous that i'm doing it wrong. >.> ..i'm 29. i drank for sixteen years. a year or so ago i had my first blackout i don't know what brought it on or why it took so long to happen really but it just goes to show that alcoholism is indeed very progressive. it never gets better only worse.  that spawned a lot of blackouts and confusion. i did things during blackouts that left me feeling traumatized very sorry for myself and like i was a terrible person. it took me a while to gather the motivation to stop moping and get sober. i started going to aa and na at the start of this year. i've had relapses but they get further and further apart and today i feel like drugs and alcohol are not a part of my life. i'm still trying to figure out what is. i live in a small town and don't have my provisional license yet so i can only manage one meeting a week and one or two more when my friend decides she wants to go to one/take me to one but i personally find they really help and i don't think i could have come this far without them. it's really good to see that there are actually interesting sober people in the world and they give me so much hope that life can be great without having to get fucked up. ..well i guess that's all i have to say. thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the sub.  Well done on your 40 days clean and sober.  It's a mighty achievement.  The meetings help me a lot as well. It is good to talk to people who understand what is going on with us.  Keep going to the meetings and when you get your driving licence you will be able to bring your friends with you as well if they want to go.  Well done.  Enjoy your sobriety.
[deleted]
Sounds like you're getting started on the right track with meetings and support. This is a nice place to come to if you want to vent or can't make it to a meeting. Keep making those connections at meetings and you will likely find folks that would be happy to bring you many of them have been in the same boat with license issues.
[deleted]
thanks for the warm welcome you guys. :) 
If your name has anything to do with your geographic location I can relate as I also live in a small Midwestern town am about your age and totally get it.  ..The demographics certainly make *me* want to drink a lot.  Boredom; blight; pretty much hopelessness all around you while you're taking in the sauce.  Only when you get cleared up can you see past it all.  ..Don't be afraid to post we all listen.  Thanks to help from others I'm past my 90 days of sobriety myself. ..Keep it up one day at a time. 
When did you know it needed to stop? Just recently graduated college and I have blacked out way to many times from drinking. A little less since ive been graduated but it happened again last night. It makes me feel terrible; Icant even put it into words. I woke up remembering nothing past like 11 all cut up friends had to carry me to a cab then into their place. Lost my wallet. I just cant do this anymore and I would love to get some encouraging words from redditors.  
