-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1idnob/at_some_point_it_just_has_to_end/

Some background about me. I am 35 years old. I have been a heavy drinker since my senior year in college so I have spent about half my life marinading my brain in gin. Nowadays I only drink beer since tequila and whisky have shown themselves to be too much for me to handle...I truly believe I am an alcoholic but I have a case that is lighter than most people's. I don't drink every day - I try to limit it to the weekends or if I'm hanging out with people. But really I like to drink alone more than anything. I like to be in my study on the computer with nobody else around. It's a fun way to pass the evening but it's awfully lonely when I wake up...I have a great job a beautiful wife and many children. My behaviour has to end but I absolutely am terrified of saying that I'll never drink again. The truth is that I can (and sometimes do) drink moderately. But I prefer to drink until I can pass out. And I loathe myself the next day...I find myself sympathising with so many things that posters in this subreddit write about. It's uncanny. Every other post I scream "I could have written that!"..But here's the hard part and this is the reason I made a throwaway for this. While the drinking is something I hate I hate more how lately it has made me not care about sexual continence. I am very happily married but within the last month I have gotten drunk surfed the internet for porn and then woken up and seen my internet history. This behaviour scares me more than the drinking and that is why I feel so utterly at the bottom of my barrel right now. For those of you wondering pornography and other associated activities are against my religion and it's eating me up like you wouldn't believe...Anyway I've talked this over with my best friend and my wife knows that I struggle a bit with alcohol but the realisation has been growing over the past several years and I really am terrified of what I know to be the truth: my life needs to move past alcohol...I am so afraid...I would say that you have no idea but somehow I think a lot of you have a pretty damned good idea about this stuff...I'm done. Thanks for reading if you read this far.
----------immediate responses--------

You don't have to say you'll never drink again. Just say you won't drink today. There's nothing that 'makes' anyone an alcoholic or not - it's a self diagnosis and if you aren't happy with your life when drinking that's up to you and nobody else...And I would agree many of us have an idea what that feels like. It's scary and it's daunting and it's frustrating depressing lonely... but it's a lot better on the other side. At some point it has to end - why not make that point today?
[deleted]
First there are many of us who have been where you are and have moved our lives beyond alcohol.    .Way beyond.   .We are not only not drinking we are often leading happier lives than we ever thought possible...There are a variety of paths.  Mine included AA.  There are other programs smart local out patient etc.  in my opinion a group offers the best chance.  Others disagree.   .  It worked for me but was not easy mostly because I got in my own way...Welcome.
Hey there welcome!..I very much had the same fear. I didn't know how I was going to cope with what's going on in my world without knowing I could drink. I was very afraid of the idea of no alcohol ever again. I still think about the future having drinks in it. And that scares me too. ..I was really tired of who I was. How weak I felt. I was able to moderate socially but when I was alone I'd go overboard. When I had bad news I'd go more overboard. Facebook was freakin' embarrassing sometimes. I talked to my mother late late at night sometimes I still don't recall all of what I said. I'm 36 she's conservative religious (drinking is a no no for her so she doesn't really even know what it's like) I'm not. The shame and guilt really weighed on me...I'd 'taken breaks' before and those weren't bad things but I'd never really committed. For some reason I knew this time would be different. I was tired of feeling like that and I decided the absolutely most courageous thing I could do was quit and build I life I could respect that doesn't have alcohol in it. I admire courage. I want to be a courageous person. I decided to take the most courageous path. I opted for an antabuse prescription to help keep me off the rocks and have been going to AA - despite my hang-ups about religion the support from others with similar problems is very healing...Plenty of people live happy lives without alcohol and have things they love and enjoy. ..I got bad news on the 2nd day of my sobriety (the thing on my friend's brain stem is indeed a tumor and inoperable she's 5 days older than me). Talk about wanting some bourbon. I still get bad news about other things too. And more and more each time I'm glad I didn't drink to cope. ..It feels good to me to know I have the strength to handle that news. It feels good to know that if there's an emergency late at night I can drive to the hospital. It feels good to me when I wake up and remember everything I did the night before. It feels good to work on my hobbies again. I respect myself a lot more. I like this guy much more and he does some cool things. It's also significantly reduced my anxiety...You don't have to commit to stopping forever.  But what do you have to lose by not drinking today? Or this week? Or this month? If you stop for a day waking up feels pretty different doesn't it? You know you didn't do anything you're ashamed of the next day. It feels pretty different after a week too.  And a month. I'm coming up on my longest sober streak in 5 years and my body and life are still adjusting to the change... But I'm happy with how I've handled things this last month. I feel more responsible and like I have more power over making changes in my life and I feel less helpless.
