-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ieea0/how_do_i_help_my_friend_stop_drinking/

One of my best friends has asked me to help him stop drinking. He has been an alcoholic before and has gone through recovery (quit for a year) and now has been drinking again for the past year and a half and he's essentially relapsed to his former state...I admire him so much for asking for help. He's one of the greatest people I know and I want to do whatever I can do to help him but I've never done anything like this before. Where do I start? How do I handle tough situations? His personality is such that he is very resistant to authority and doesn't like being told what to do which might make things challenging at times...Also all of our friends (including me) drink casually/socially. How can I deal with this as I'm trying to help him?..I know this was a little disjointed (and I apologize if this isn't the best place to ask this) but I just wanted to get this out there and get some guidance. Thanks for reading - I am grateful.
----------immediate responses--------

Take him to an AA meeting. &gt; [How to find AA meetings](http://www.aa.org/lang/en/subpage.cfm?page=28)..If he won't go you could arrange for an intervention but I recommend a counselor or interventionist to lead it. You can also capitalize on the common tools used in an intervention but it won't pack as much punch.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You can help but really only in a very limited way by being supportive and not enabling...  It is his responsibility to follow through...An open AA meeting is a good place to start.   Educating yourself on alcoholism is also good.  You might check out /r/alanon. Which is for family friends of alcoholics.
[deleted]
Ask him about meetings ask him about his sponsor and where he is at on his steps. Try not to sound judgmental when asking but curious this makes him accountable. Also it maybe best if he starts hanging out with a new group of friends in AA and not his old drinking buddies. Offer to go with him to an AA picnic/campout (there seem to be a lot of them this time of year).
Good on you for helping a friend. In my experience here's what you can do because what you can do is limited and ultimately whether he drinks or not is not your choice or responsibility. ..1: go do things that aren't centered in drinking. - I'm sure he'd like to go to a bar and try to pick up chicks but the removal of alcohol from the environment and also having someone else sober is really beneficial. ..2: don't nit pick him or get on his case about his choices concerning alcohol. - if he decides to go back to drinking that's his accord and you will have no say. If you don't want to be around him if he is drinking lay down a boundary and explain to him that if he is drinking you don't want to be around him. ..3: don't encourage his drinking (or be around those who do). - it's hard enough to quit without having peer pressure. ....I'm not sure what else. If I think of anything ill get back to you. I see a lot off AA getting throw around in this thread and I realize that not everyone likes AA but as someone in AA I can attest that it works if you work it. Maybe suggest a meeting to your friend? Go to an open meeting so that you both can go and so he has support. 
&gt;He has been an alcoholic before and has gone through recovery ..An alcoholic will always be an alcoholic whether they're drinking or not.
Stay sober with him and you know right now I am working on finding support groups for me.  I'm kinda nervous about going alone and whether I am even finding the right groups so maybe helping him with that research and offering to go with him will help...Be sure to invite him out to do stuff that wouldn't even involve drinking... at night time.  sometimes it feels a bit isolating to be the only one who can't go out at night and have a "good time."  midnight movies are a great place.  oh and one thing that always irks me is when someone tells me they woulddddd hang out with me but they're gonna blow me off "for drinks" instead.  like dude really?  so blowing off others to hang out with him would be good.  "nah it's cool Bob.  they're just going out for drinks i'd rather kick it with you.  let's go get some wings and watch a movie."  something like that...
