-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ihzsg/365_days_a_smiley_star_and_an_aa_question/

**tl:dr:  What does /r/stopdrinking think about long term AA meeting attendance/participation without getting a sponsor or working the steps in a formal way?**  I was 'high functioning' but in as deep or deeper than most of us who come here and stopped after a 'wake up' event a year ago.  Read Alan Carr's book - highly recommended - during the first week and haven't picked up a drink since.  I did some psychotherapy for a few months which was more of a hassle than a help.  I've been a regular reader and occasional poster here.  I've been going to one weekly AA meeting since I quit which is a pretty mature group that focuses on steps 671011.  I've never had a sponsor and I've never formally worked a step.  I don't really agree with step 1 - that I'm powerless over alcohol and that my life was unmanageable.  I say the words "I'm an alcoholic" but I don't really believe them.  I don't have a problem with the spiritual part of AA.  A member invited me to a meeting at a detox center after last week's meeting and my internal reaction was "Why the hell would I want to do that?"  I think she was encouraging me toward step 12 - helping others - but I'd feel hypocritical to talk to anyone about steps I haven't taken formally - much less act as an AA sponsor.  I'm not against helping people though it would be a challenge for me to help a stranger kick alcohol - which is really what I see as a basic reason for AA's existence.  So there's my impasse.  Other than AA I've been doing yin yoga weekly and finding hobbies like making really good coffee (/r/coffee) and wet shaving (/r/wicked_edge).  There are still good days and bad days.  There have been one or two crushing experiences that have spawned long term resentment which I struggle with.  I've found nothing like alcohol to allow me to leave my cares behind for a while.  I expect after a number of years I'll go back to moderate drinking of beer and wine but I don't trust myself with that just yet - nor would my wife - I'm not sure I'll get to that level.  If you've read this far here's one of the most helpful  quotes I've come across:  "The pain of discipline is always less than the pain of regret."  Finally - Thanks /r/stopdrinking.  This is a great community.
----------immediate responses--------

Old AA adage = work one step a year...Everyone in AA has their own program.  I know people who go to formal meetings every day and others who just talk with friends over the phone.  I myself don't read the BB unless I'm at a meeting.  ..Remember the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking [trad. three]
You are helping people by sharing how you're feeling and what you're doing to stay sober today. ..There are many ways to "work" your sobriety. ..AA is ultimately a program of suggestions backed by a huge (and varied) amount of experience...Our common bond is our past and our struggle to stay in the present. .
The steps are optional as is a sponsor...However...getting twisted over definitions may be hindering your recovery.   .I can relate - I did that too in the beginning...Powerless.   To me that meant that once I had a drink or two I was unlikely to stop before the booze or money or consciousness ran out.    .  I suspect that is still true today.   ..Unmanageable.  Having "wake up" episodes.  I had a house a wife a job but high functioning was what I could get away with. ..Pain of discipline?   I have no pain - life is good - alcohol a bad memory...For whatever that is worth.  And congrats on a year - and for your honesty.
Thanks. I started Alan Carr's book but didn't finish it. I'll give it another shot - your post was inspirational...Congrats on the year!
I worked the steps and it helped me make it get to a year and then some. Yea I had a minor slip-up but it was after I quit AA.. .To me AA is like a substitution. You give everything you have to AA. The old-timers (my sponsor even left my home group after this) wanted me to leave my wife because she still drank occasionally and thought it was OK for me to drink.. .It's kinda complex.. .AA really sucks IMHO. It does what it needs to do based upon brain-dead 1930 mental sets who have nowhere else to go. But sometimes it offers help when you *just need somewhere to go and someone to turn to*.. .I do NOT believe that AA is **the** solution but instead use it as you would any other small tool in your large tool bench; use it when you need it use whatever you can out of it. It's like that specialized BMW distributer timing tool that you'll use only infrequently. But when you need it it's there. You can hate it because you have to use it but it'll work when you need it.. .But it doesn't equate to a vice-grips or duct tape or a decent metric set from snap-on. . .That's up to you.. .
[deleted]
Whatever you feel comfortable with works.  No one can make you do the steps.  Just make sure you are enjoying your sobriety.  Well done on your year.  That is amazing.
Way to go on the year sober that's a huge accomplishment! The way I see it what you did is something that is immensely hard to do - whatever advice you have to give to help someone struggling is worthwhile 12 step or not. I don't like to wade in the AA vs. anti-AA discussions because I feel like there's no point - it works for some not for others. But like you I go to meetings that's about it. Good idea? Bad idea? It is what it is... It's not the most typical path but it's still a path. If you're heading in the direction you want and it's working then keep on keeping on. There will be people cheering you on either way.
So you're not an alcoholic? I'm just asking. You seem to think you're going to be a moderate drinker. Just wondering how you view yourself.
