-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1imbcq/mexico_vacation_for_a_20_year_old/

Well guys I'm here in puerto vallarta for a week vacation with my grandfather at his much appreciated expense. It's been a great time so far up until this point...Being 20 I was really thrilled to make a friend Ian who is my age and i've been able to hang around with. We went to a nightclub on saturday when i arrived and we had a great time. We decided to do it again tonight...Well today he brought some friends over to the hotel i'm staying at (gorgeous women and a good guy) to swim and enjoy the sun. I got to know some of them and we had a good time. The question inevitably came up "are you going to drink tonight?" After some back and forth and myself being dodgy around the subject I came out and said "I'm an alcoholic once I start I can't stop." They seemed to respect that and dropped the subject...Tonight came around and I'll admit I wanted to get some from the ladies but also to have some fun. We got there and it started off on the right foot dancing laughing and i wasn't drinking. As the night progressed and women were getting taken up by the men I became overwhelmed with nervousness. Something I was very familiar with at these kinds of occasions. I had some serious negative self talk going "Why arn't you talking to these girls? Are you a pussy? Man up what have you got to lose?" Yet my dancing continued to slow and become awkward. ..I left feeling confident about the night and had to leave feeling quite down. However in the silent taxi cab ride home I realized I turned down every shot improper drink mixed by the bartender and all the peer pressure and sit here sober yet discouraged...I miss being able to just cut loose and get girls. I certainly had fun I must admit but that alcoholic thinking of "More more more" kicked right in. I'm glad I left but I wish I would of had that old confidence I had to simply ask a girl to dance instead of being afraid of rejection and judgement...I suppose I left in a victory in my struggle to stay sober but I cant help but focus on what I take as a loss for me not being able to bring a girl home.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I may be way off base here (since I can't really relate to being 20 and sober -- I'm 39 and married) but here's my 2 cents:..1. It probably wasn't imperative unless you're future self is telling the story about how you met your kids' mother that you meet someone that night.  You're probably not going to get laid every night..1. There are probably a lot of dudes alcoholic or no that are experiencing the same issues you are: anxiety about talking to ladies/dudes awkwardness lack of confidence ....1. Given the way I assume you dealt with the previous point while you were drinking it's a new feeling for you.  The drink made you forget (or it minimized) the feeling before.  But I think it's normal...Look.  You're 20.  You've got plenty of time to meet "the one".  And you've got plenty of nights to be cool and dance and hook up and ...  Don't be so hard on yourself that you struck out last night.  Or you weren't your most confident self.  You could go for a run do some pushups or something and get confident ([get confident stupid](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7o1DCJwG2qI)) before going out tonight...For what it's worth I had a girl **IN MY BED** and didn't get laid last night.  It doesn't happen every night.
I was a bartender for over 20yrs in several major cities- learned a lot during those times.  One thing for certain is that quality women tend not to go to clubs and bars to hook up. Instead it's often women that are emotionally injured and express themselves in psychotic ways from time to time.  The upside is that there are plenty of quality ladies that don't drink love sex and aren't ready for marriage yet.  You will find these ladies in coffee shops book stores and parks-especially if you have a well trained puppy :)  
