-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1iyx7e/2nd_day_sober/

Hi I'm just chiming in because I'm done lurking on this sub and ready to start contributing. I didn't raise a drink or a pipe to my lips yesterday and I'm not going to do so today. By sundown I will have gone to 3 meetings in 4 days and today's will be the second of my 90 in 90. I have a sponsor that I met on Sunday and met with yesterday and we're going to begin meeting at least once a week. The assignment he gave me yesterday was to write down every time in my memory that I've ever felt powerless. And so we begin. ..I was really resistant to AA and have attempted to quit before going 9 months before an inevitable relapse because I didn't do any of the work I needed to change just cut the alcohol out of my life. Two realizations brought me there: I kept thinking "who has times for all those meetings? I'm not trying to turn my life into AA." However I realized that the time is takes to go to meetings even every day is far less that all of the time I flushed down the drain being drunk or drinking every moment of my day that I wasn't at work. I'm already looking forward to...not feeling like I have MORE time but feeling like all my time is available to me at least after my sleep cycles start to regulate themselves (after a sleepless night night-before-last I only woke up every 15 minutes last night: progress!)..The other thing that kept me out of the program was all the God talk. I've grown to a place where I'm no longer the atheist I once was and somewhat more than agnostic either. Realizing that AA was a spiritual program and wanting more spirituality in my life made me feel able to approach it with an open mind. People have said that God or HP for them were the meetings (which I think is great!) but for me I just think "God as..."..God as a symbol.God as proxy.God as [this space intentionally left blank]...My feeling now is that if I can admit that human consciousness and perception has limits that there are things that perhaps not only we don't know but CAN NEVER know aren't "supposed" to know then I can leave room for God and unfortunately because of the inherently gendered phrasing we're taught to acknowledge God with I think of them more along the lines of God(dess). ..More than anything I just realized that I don't have to know everything and I don't have to be in the driver's seat. I can work the program and my issues will follow it. In the past I looked into SMART recovery and LifeRing and didn't have the ease of resources that AA has provided...I'm not trying to sing the benefits of AA for anyone but myself and this post doesn't even touch on the beginning of my relationship with AA and why I was resistant to it for so long. Find what works and work it. I am merely attempting to offer here what I have taken and what's helped me: individual personalized stories that show it is at least all possible. So here I am: hi!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome congratulations and glad to have you here! ..Good luck and post lots! .
Congrats! Keep with it.  It gets a little bit easier every day.
[deleted]
