-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jdtgh/this_may_sound_petty_or_trite_but_i_still_want_to/

I've been binge drinking for what feels like every weekend for the last 4 years (ish).  Started when I was 21 and I'm 25 now.  Usually (recently it got worse) but I'll pick one or two days out of the week to just get smashed.  It started with my party days in college and I guess hasn't ended. .I'm relatively in shape and still get nasty hangovers the next day.  Am I in any serious danger if I quit cold turkey? Like DT's or whatever.  I've always struggled with anxiety and depression.  Just wondering if I'm seriously risking serious health danger quitting cold.  .I realize my issue isn't anywhere near some peoples on here who have been doing this every day for years.  But I'm naturally paranoid.  Any advice would be great. 
----------immediate responses--------

We're not doctors but if you can go 3 days without drinking and you feel fine I wouldn't worry about it.  ..I'd recommend going for it.  If after 48-72 hrs of being sober you don't feel any withdrawals other than a little shaking the morning after a big night...you're fine.  Keep an eye on your symptoms if any closely.  ..
Nobody can say for sure what one person's withdrawal symptoms will be like. But if you're going days between binges you're not going to have the sort of physical withdrawal that daily drinkers do...A little shaking is common as is insomnia anxiety mood swings. This is not DT's which are extremely serious but rare overall...Stopping while you're not yet to a daily habit is a great way to go. I was drinking all day every day when I quit and I wouldn't wish my road on anyone else. Get out while you can Dwight - it doesn't get easier the longer you put if off.
Yours isn't a petty question. If you have health concerns the best person to ask is your doctor. ..If you go several days without alcohol and no serious symptoms you should be ok. If you run into problems call your physician.
