-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jeyxy/made_it_five_days_without_a_drink_hit_a_bender/

I resolved to myself to stop drinking and lasted five days. I don't know why yesterday I decided to drink -- if it was boredom or that tickling itch in my head that is telling me that I can handle just *one* drink. I ultimately ended up drinking more than just one drink and here I am later feeling worse about myself than I did yesterday. ..I'm really struggling to stop completely. I need someone to talk to or something to take this impulse away. Where do I go from here? I've done AA once before and it's far too religiously focused and I don't like it at all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Look online for alcohol addiction hotlines or support groups in your area. There is much more than AA out there for help. You stumbled but you came right back and posted. So let's try again
[deleted]
Don't let one mess up think that you're doomed. I have reset my badge on here three times already. Last night I had a beer and I am extremely proud of myself because I kept it at just one but I *really really* wanted another one. Four/five days into any streak I've managed to have (eight days was the longest I've had so far) I find myself itching for a drink. I have some problem that I think can be solved with it. When I distract myself with something else (a nap a book a movie a walk a coffee etc) then I end the day feeling great for having it under control...As others on here have said to me: take it one day at a time. Hearing this at first I thought it was super corny to say and I didn't want to try it because in my mind I had made up that it just wouldn't work. No way. Then I actually gave it a shot and not drinking is a  LOT more doable than it was for me the days when I was thinking about never drinking again for the rest of forever. Extremely daunting to think about! Instead I worked out how to manage my days. ..I tried to look at the day ahead when I woke up and when I'd have downtime. I luckily have a full-time job and wouldn't be able to drink during the weekdays from 8am to 4pm anyway. Then there's an hour to commute home. I can either stop off at a restaurant and bar or just deal with the commuters and go home. I usually go home since I don't really even have money enough to go out to eat anymore (last night was a splurge). Then the problems start. I'll either make dinner or just lay around bored. That's when my mind wanders to alcohol so I need to make sure to give myself some sort of task to keep myself busy. Since I'm also not great at checking things off of my to-do list I've been trying to do at least **one** chore a day typically when I get home. On weekends I give myself bigger things to do (tons of laundry or cleaning a WHOLE room rather than one corner of it). I'll go for a run go for a walk get a coffee (my coffee intake has risen drastically in the absence of alcohol) watch a TV show online or read a book. I've also been going to free meditation sessions in my neighborhood. I'm not really getting *too* much out of them yet but it secures at least a half hour of my time and lets me sort of press the "reset" button...Anyway sorry for the block of text. Hopefully you find a routine that works for you. And again take it one day at a time.
That 5 day mark has been my downfall too. I don't know what it is but that seems to be how long it takes md to lose my resolve. Don't get so frustrated that you give up. Believe it it not its all part of the process. Keep it up you're doing great. 
Can't reveal the exact thing that helped me helps me to this day. But it's along the line of finding a powerful (to you) totem or item or tattoo. Something that's always with you that you can touch or fixate on when the temptation comes. ..Combine that with some supplemental reading such as Alan Carr or Rational Recovery. ..Start looking for a new set of mentors/inspirations in whatever field you're interested in be it sports or entertainment or business or chefs. ..You're extremely lucky because you now have a dare to be great situation an opportunity to rise up. Take it and make the best of your life. ..Best of luck! 
You tried alcohol it did not solve your problems and you tried it again. (If you are like me you tried it again and again and again.)..I would offer that you could apply the same tenacity to your AA use. Different group? Different day? ..I didn't like AA the first time I checked it out either. Unfortunately I had to dig my hole deeper for 25 years before I was ready to try it again. ..When I was a sad drunk 20-something I walked into AA and found a bunch of grumpy old men. Twenty-five years later I was a grumpy old man who walked into an AA meeting full of happy 20-somethings. Fuck me right?
Try other meetings if they're available.  AA mtgs differ widely.  ..Also read up on kindling.  You're playing with fire:.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(substance_withdrawal)
