-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jja6t/taking_stock_taking_the_power_back/

This has been a long time coming so here it goes...I'm an alcoholic. It's taken me a very long time to come to grips with this concept and I'm still struggling with it to be honest. I don't show all of the warning signs listed by WHO or AA. I didn't drink daily. I didn't need "eye-openers" in the morning. I never physically harmed somebody else as a result of my drinking.      .And by telling myself these things I made excuses that allowed me to be at peace with my drinking.     .Now is when I stop making excuses...Because there is no such thing as a "moderate alcoholic" as I liked to think of myself. There's just alcoholism and I happen to be an alcoholic...It's embarrassing and frustrating to think that millions of people around the world can go out and have one or two beers with friends at the end of a week and I will not be able to.     .Then I remind myself that was never really the case with me.     .I could keep myself to a two-drink limit on occasion but equally as often I would be the first one finishing my drink and going back for another. Moderation is a concept that flies out of my head when I taste alcohol...I'm going to list some other things that I'll never be able to enjoy again without alcohol.     ..* I will never again know a feeling of guilt and shame so crippling that I confine myself to my bed for the majority of the next day playing self-hating mantras back in my head for the rest of the week...* I will never need to check the previous night's sent texts and facebook messages with a mounting feeling of self-disgust...* I will never again wake up with unexplainable scratches and bruises on my hands wrists and body....* I will never again get in the way of my own success...I stopped drinking on July 27th 2013 and while I'd really like a drink right now I'd like to maintain pride in myself even more.     .This is the most difficult thing I have ever done and I will have to keep on doing it up until they put me in the ground. That scares me. I don't have a good track record of keeping on the same path in life for any extended period but the amount that I *do not want to fail at this* is helping some...I don't have much in my life to be proud about right now. I need to give myself this one thing. I'm taking the power back...Posted on my main account cuz accountability's cool. Real accountability would be posting this where people I know could see it I guess. I'm not ready for that yet...Any and all PMs are welcome especially if you've been in recovery for a while and want to call bullshit on anything I've said.
----------immediate responses--------

This could have been written by me. Getting to the point where you are honest with yourself about your alcoholism is the first big step. ..I also know what you are saying about not having much to be proud about - at least for the first bit. I've relapsed twice - both times because I felt hopeless about my situation and I wasn't doing it for myself. ..This time though I'm doing it for myself and I'm honest with myself about who I am. After I stopped drinking the upside started pretty quickly: I got a new job started finding myself weighing less looking better having a better outlook finding myself with more money. ..I've also found myself getting hit with a few curve balls. What's worse is that they either were a product of the choices I made while drinking or they were hard truths that I couldn't blame on my drinking anymore. ..I applaud you having the strength to take your life back - piece by piece - one day at a time. Stay strong. 
[deleted]
Keep it simple. Just for today. Don't worry about tomorrow.  You just don't have to drink today.  ..The first week is hard and will seem so long. .The first month is weird ! Ride it out.  You will feel more normal eventually.  ..Hit up some books on alcoholism.  Allen Carr.   The aa book. And beyond the influence.  These all helped me.   .We got your back !!!!.Keep posting  we won't tire of you!!!.
Just don't drink today.  Try a meeting.  There's nothing like the support of other sober alcoholics to help you get through the next 24 hours.  Keep coming back.
Good list and great job.  The alcoholic label takes a bit of getting used to.  
[deleted]
&gt;Any and all PMs are welcome especially if you've been in recovery for a while and want to call bullshit on anything I've said...You hooked me...Here it goes...You didn't enjoy those negative consequences.  Those are the humiliating and scary outcomes from your drinking that provided you temporary resolve to enact change.  But I bet you haven't been able to consistently act in a manner to change how you think feel and live...What you'll never enjoy again is the sense of ease and comfort that comes from taking the first drink.  Instead you'll have to learn how to get that without the mind altering substance...Pride isn't going to keep you dry very long.  It gets kicked to the curb once life kicks you in the balls and you haven't the tools to deal with it sober...The only power you have is in your actions.  You have no power over the chemical reactions that take place in your brain when you drink...Online accountability really doesn't go very far.  Surrounding yourself with people in real life who've walked the path you currently want to walk and can be all up in your shit is legit accountability. ..You don't need to bear your soul to everyone you know just yet.  I doubt you entirely honestly know why you've thought felt and acted as you have in the past and do today.  Self-discovery is part of the recovery/sobriety process.  There's damage you've done that'll need to be repaired.  Also part of the process.  Stopping drinking is easy.  Staying stopped is the trick.  It takes learning how to live sober to accomplish it...If you can make lasting change on your own more power to you.  If you want support there's programs out there filled with people and processes that can help.  I wish you well!
Right on man! You quit right on my 25th b-day and that is the same day I decided to quit also (It just took me 3 days after that to actually do it)..You said it like I would've and we're pretty much in the same boat..I wish you the best of luck and remember to drink a lot of water to help with those cravings..
