-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jpynq/off_the_cuff_thoughts_on_dealing_with_intense/

My life has been very much driven by heightened emotions of every kind. I've been trying to maneuver them for my whole life and it's still hard. Emotions are what break me and why I rush to substances to escape the painful mental states. It's still a struggle but I wanted to list out some things that help me...1 Keeping my glucose levels up / eating - I'm not diabetic but I get filled with negative emotions when I'm due to eat. I call it getting hangry (hungry + angry). This is probably the most helpful for me so I'm putting it first. When I get emotional if I eat I soon notice a shift in my thoughts to more positive ones or I fall asleep and wake up feeling better. It's a habit of mine now if I'm thinking negatively I ask "are you hangry brain?"..2 Negative and positive people - I like the saying "your mind is a garden your thoughts are the seeds you can grow flowers or you can grow weeds." Negative people toss weed seeds all up in my garden. I cut them off ASAP now. Didn't think it was possible at first but I simply just stop talking to them and they gradually disappear from my life leaving only a collection of great friends. I've been doing this the past 3 years and it was slow going at first but it's paid off...3 Productive procrastination - I work more than anything else I do but I still manage to procrastinate. If I put off the main thing I should be doing for TV or Netflix the same level of stress returns when I'm done. If I put the main thing off and pay bills or clean I feel more clear and collected when I'm done which helps me do the work. I embrace procrastination now when I'm feeling the need and use it right...4 Pets - if I don't have people around I always have cats and caring for them helps me get the focus off of my perpetual shitty thought cycle...Those are my major ones. I've been figuring these out with focus for the past decade even while on drugs and alcohol but now that I'm up to 24 days sober they're taking on even more importance. I wanted to share. Thanks all.
----------immediate responses--------

This sounds like a plan...The only thing I might add is to avoid isolation.  We are good at it.   Call those positive friends find ways to make new ones...
I like the flowers and weeds analogy. We do have quite a bit more choice in how we feel than we usually assume. It was also a big revelation for me to learn that all feelings come and go positive or negative and that they may not really be representative of reality - they're not facts. Emotions can still be powerful but knowing that they ultimately have little bearing on my long term reality helps me stay focused in sobriety. Good post!
This is such a great helpful list. Thanks for posting. Another thing I would add is regular physical activity. Even a walk around the block on a daily basis can help enormously with reducing stress; however when I'm facing particularly stressful or aggravating I try to kick it up a notch and do some jogging (I'm working my way up to actual running hah) punching a punching bag or dancing like a madwoman to loud empowering music. I guess you could also consider these intense exercises as another form of productive procrastination!
I like what you said in point 1 quite a lot.  Hah "hangry" is a good way to put it for me too!  I have tried to be really mindful of HALT - hungry angry lonely tired.  All big triggers for me if i recognize that the underlying desire to drink comes from something internal like that I can work to solve the problem instead of running to drink amazing tool!  Keep up the good work.  Point 2 strikes home for me too definitely something I continue to struggle with
Hangry... Awesome.
