-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jxraj/3_months_its_been_getting_easier_this_has_been_my/

First of all thanks to all of the people that post inspiring stories here of their own struggles with alcohol. Aside from my declining health this subreddit was probably my main inspiration to stop drinking...I'm in my mid 30s and was drinking every day. Mostly going out and spending $30-$50 a day at bars getting drunk and doing cocaine with friends. I don't think I was ever addicted to cocaine I just did coke so I could drink more. Which is pretty sick if you think about it. Then on the days I wouldn't go out I was buying a 12 pack and then a half pint or more of whiskey and drinking at home. Sometimes I would drink that and then drive to the bar or at least back to the liquor store. I was driving drunk almost every day. ..I'm convinced it ruined my relationship with a girl I was with for over 5 years and it definitely lost me a job. I gained a lot of weight. My finances were a mess. My house was a mess. My health was so bad that I stopped going to the doctor because I was sick of the lectures. I figured I would just continue on this path until I died which shouldn't take long. I was miserable and drinking was the only escape from all of the problems that drinking had created. To paraphrase Homer Simpson. ..One day while going to visit my mom out of state before getting on the plane I stopped to buy booze like I always have before flying. But the liquor store was closed. And I know how much my mom hates my drinking. I thought "You know what? I just won't drink! Won't that be funny!"..And I didn't. And my mom was happy. And so I didn't drink during the whole trip. I had been thinking about stopping drinking in the back of my head for a while reading this sub looking at the lives of a few friends of mine that did quit and deciding they weren't miserable. And it dawned on me "Shit I could just quit right now. I already have a few days under my belt and I'm away from my friends so this is the perfect time." So I did. ..And for all of the years that I couldn't imagine being ostracized from my social group and friends and how miserable I would be and how a life without booze wasn't worth living it turned out to not be that bad. ..I came back and told people I was "taking a break." No one seemed to think much of that. Everyone I know tries to take breaks usually without success. And then the break just got longer. "Still not drinking huh?" "Well when you do let me know and we'll get a drink!"..Some badgering to go out but that eventually subsided. ..I suddenly had a lot free time with not being either drunk or hungover all day. So I started working out. ..I've lost 40lbs so far. I feel better. I can go out with friends that are drinking and not be jealous of how much fun they're having. I ran into some of the local drunks from my neighborhood bar and instead of badgering me they said "Wow you look good!" And all of that has just contributed to knowing I'm on the right track...I don't know that I'll never have a drink again in my life but I can't picture it. It doesn't fit with my goals and ambitions any more at all. I think it's time to finally grow up. ..Now I think I am stable enough to start working on my final vice. Smoking. But that's a whole different bag of shit. But I ordered an e-cigarette today and that's how I'm going to start...Anyway just wanted to say that while I never contributed much to this sub and most of my contributions to reddit are pretty shitty in general I just wanted to say thank you. Thank you to all of people that did this before me and proved it can be done. And took the time to post their stories so that lurkers like me could find some inspiration and hope that I could get out of the darkness that seemed to have no end...Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done! It's funny how sometimes things can happen and you can fall into being sober for a day or two and it just gives you a chance to think and fight back. 
You brought it up . . . ..[raises glass] "To alcohol! The cause of--and solution to--all of life's problems." -Homer J. Simpson
Great job. We're about the same age and on similar journeys. For me I have just begun my journey. ..I do have a question... one of my motivating factors was also wanting to lose some weight. Are you exercising regularly now or is your body just returning to your natural not-drinking weight since you are not taking in so many empty calories now? 
...and thanks right back at you.  ..I really like that you didn't stress about it and quit when you felt the time was right out of inspiration and not catastrophe.  ..You're doing it exactly right. Thanks again for the inspiration.
Your story sounds almost identical to mine except I live in New York City and we don't drive here so my story is the same as yours minus all the drunk driving. I don't exercise and I still lost about 25 lbs just from not drinking and being more cognizant of what I eat which is easy since I'm not always trashed every time I eat. I think I also ruined a relationship with a great girl who I really loved. And my finances were a total mess. All that has gotten a lot better in just 100 days. The being ostracized from my group of friends hasn't been much of an issue. Some people stopped calling me and stopped inviting me out but they were just drinking buddies. My true friends all support what I'm doing. Congrats on your 92 days hope it keeps going so well for the both of us
I've found e-cigs very useful. Completely quitting liquor  synthetic weed and nicotine all at the same time would have been too much for me. So I've dumped the first two and switched to e-cigs as a less-harmful nicotine solution for now.  I always tell people it's the lazy way to quit smoking...
What kind of withdrawls did you have?
Congratulations this is a great start
