-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1jzh7c/my_lifes_a_mess_and_alcohol_isnt_helping/

I've been sober for three days now.  I've been on vacation so that's helped.  I've been out of my normal routine and am intentionally not drinking.  It'll be tough going back home but I've got to stay sober...Here's the backstory:  my wife left me a 20 months ago.  She told me she was leaving 2 months before she actually left.  It was like a kick in the guts.  I started drinking more...to stop feeling sad?  To try to fill the empty hole?  I don't know.  Before she told me I would have maybe a glass of wine at night maybe two on weekends.  No more than that.  Once she moved out my drinking increased dramatically.  Lots of gin lots and lots of red wine.  I'd try to control it when my kids were at home and only start drinking once they were asleep but I'd still drink far too much.  I'd spend the mornings feeling like crap grumpy and hungover.  It wasn't fair to them at all...I was in a relationship.  It basically revolved around meals (with wine) then more wine then sex.  I realized that the alcohol was the only thing we had in common and just ended the relationship.  She was pissed but I know it's the right thing for me.  ..So I've been sober for three days now.  I've been in the grocery twice with my kids and have been able to walk by the wine and beer aisle without temptation.  The struggle will be next week when they're with their mom and I'm home alone.  ..I'd appreciate any support/advice available...Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Start going to AA now
Do you have a (sober) friend with whom you can talk openly? Friends who you can spend time with that doesn't require drinking? Maybe friends who you can catch up with--not necessarily to dump your problems but to get outside of yourself a bit and get some human connection...Sounds like sitting at home alone would be really tough for you. What sorts of activities do you do or are you willing to try? ..Hang in there--it's a tough time the first few weeks having to keep busy but not having figured out new habits and activities. I suggest working on those things (among other choices you might consider like meetings). Develop tools and tricks that you can use to cope instead of resorting to alcohol which doesn't solve any problems.
Yes I do have friends with whom I can spend (sober) time with.  I'll be connecting with them when I get back from vacation.  I also have lots of projects around the house that haven't been done b/c of the amount of time spent drinking or hungover.  I'm planning on starting a kitchen upgrade...that should help as well.
I have been where you have been. I used to wait till the kids were asleep then hammer the wine. I tried to limit it to 2 bottles a night but usually woke up not know what or where I'd been the night before and that's when I realised that I must have had more - I'd take the car out and go get some more liquor and not remember it. It wasn't long before I got a DUI and lost my licence. Eventually I got a place of my own. An apartment that I couldn't afford and now the kids were with their mother full time. There was no way I could be trusted the amount I was drinking now. I liked it at first because it meant I could drink what I liked and when I liked. It was the begining of the end of my drinking...I was only in the apartment for 6 months working away getting drunk in hotel rooms and on trains going to seedy bars and strip clubs for company. I came too one day with some woman I couldn't remember meeting and we seemed to have been an item for some time. She was a gambler and I gave her money I didn't have. Eventually I just holed up in my room drinking everyday to pass out. It was like living in a tiny cell. I'd only go out to get more vodka or wine boxes and check my credit at the ATM which was rapidly running out. Those last months were a living hell...After a 3 half hearted suicide attempts and one final serious one I ended up on a locked ward in the local hospital. It was only then that I realised that my drinking had gotten out of hand. I'd been to AA eight years before but thought that I'd be able to control my drinking. If only I'd get a break my wife would stop nagging work would get better or the kids would stop being demanding I'd be able to stop. The truth was it was the booze that was causing all my problems not the other way round. After a couple of weeks in the hospital sepperated from the booze for the last time they realized I wasn't mad I was just an alcoholic and they suggested that I go back to AA which I did and I haven't looked back since. ..Good luck - you don't need to take it as far as I did. If you think you have a problem with drink go to AA now. Google your local AA helpline/meeting now and ask them when and where the next meeting is. 
I had a similar experience.  When I finally sobered up and had a clearer perspective I felt blessed that I wasn't in a codependent relationship anymore.  I can finally move forward.  The fact that my relationship had ended was just an excuse to drink.  Find positives and meetings really help.  I feel so much better after and during a meeting.
