-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1k5dw0/the_issue_of_higher_power_what_works_for_me/

I thought I'd offer a brief share about where I've settled comfortably into the 12 Steps and A.A. ..Brief qualification: I first came to A.A. in 1997 to save a relationship. It ended and so did my attempt to get sober. In 2001 I 'celebrated' my 38th birthday in a medical detox and went to treatment. I went to A.A. got a sponsor worked the Steps and stayed sober until Dec. 2008. Complacency entitlement and drifting away from working the 12 Steps led to the 'period at the end of the sentence': picking up a drink. I struggled with brief relapses until March 2012 and have been sober almost 17 months now. I feel different than in the past. Better!..Okay so my reason for posting is that for most of my sober history I focused on the 'nature' of my Higher Power. I read a lot of spiritual books and felt it was important to 'understand' my HP and define it ("...as we understood Him"). I'm not a monotheist -- I'm not religious at all...What works this time around is that I am focusing on the *practices* (working the Steps with my sponsor going to meetings prayer and meditation helping others) and *principles* (love humility kindness giving of myself) while setting aside the questions 'What is the nature of my HP?' and 'What is my understanding of God?'. ..This may seem like a very subtle difference but in my experience it's like night and day. I feel like I'm committed to trusting a living mundane process instead of some sort of inward timeless mystical journey. I seem to rely more on process than on spiritual experience if that makes any sense at all...Anyways thanks to you all for my sobriety...**tl;dr** After years of struggling with spirituality in sobriety I've discovered that my Higher Power is a process not a thing. So my spiritual condition is nurtured always in relation with others in mundane day-to-day living.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I often say it is god as I don't understand him her it them whatever.  I don't have a clue and have postponed plans to read all the worlds religious texts.  I am quite content in knowing it is not me.  
Well said. Thanks for sharing. ..I struggled with this too. I'm an atheist and still benefited from the richness which AA has to offer...
Thanks for this. It's still a complete no-go for me but I'm very glad to hear you have found an interpretation that works for you...Everything else about AA is so great I really wish they would just reconsider that language.
Good Orderly Direction!
