-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1k5v0g/staying_sober_in_college/

So I'm 19 years old and 8 days sober (was over 30 days sober until a relapse last Saturday) and I'm currently in AA and have a sponsor. I'm transferring schools and college starts in 8 days for me (I'm a sophomore now). ..I'm a somewhat socially awkward person with Asperger's and before smoking weed and drinking was my way to socialize (many of my "friends" at my old school were made by smoking a joint together or drinking together or both) however I realized it was not a sustainable lifestyle for me. How can I build a healthy social circle without smoking or drinking as a new transfer student?
----------immediate responses--------

Volunteer for stuff.  Or do what I did and drink your way out of college.
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-high-functioning-alcoholic/201108/staying-sober-is-possible-in-college..Good luck
Find a young people's AA meeting! Ask the counseling center at your new school for resources they should have some. Get involved with your state convention &amp; ICYPAA! 
I'm 22 and in college.  I began getting sober in my junior year of college at age 20.  If you do the math you can see I wasn't sober since day one. It's hard - but do able.  Check out what resources the college you are going to has to offer in terms of support.  I see a addiction counselor weekly who has been fantastic.  Some colleges have [collegiate recovery communities](http://rhscaps.rutgers.edu/services/adap-recovery-housing).  I would definitely have lived in one if mine offered it.  
Student groups. Find a student group that matches your healthy interests and then you might be able to meet people who you have more in common with. Perhaps if you have something to talk about other than how fucked up you are/were last night you can build some lasting friendships. Good luck!
Dont be afraid of being awkward.  It is actually an opportunity for healthy growth.  It may feel.challenging but like anything you will learn new skills as you practice.  And being awkward doesnt appear  to  other  people  as  bad as we  usually  think it  does.   People  you  want  to  be  around  anyway look  past  it.  Great choice you are making btw.  You have a lifetime ahead of you to have the kind of fun you might be afraid  you're  missing out on in college.  Not everyone  turns  into a straight edgr nor a  drunk nor a parent nor a rat racer.  
I stayed sober throughout college and it was one of the best times of my life... I went to a competitive school so while there was drinking/drugs it wasn't the only game in town.  My freshman year was at a party school and while I had a good time I was bored with the same dull conversations and standing around at parties after the first year and transferred to the more academic school. I am a study geek so I fit in better there...Trying different clubs activities and hobbies is a great way to find people you click with.  ..My suggestion is to commit to going to 4-5 meetings/classes if something interests you and see how you feel about it. If it is fun and you end up like the people that are participating keep on going and enjoy spending time with like minded people.  If you don't like that club or activity after your trial period move on the to the next thing...At my college I got credit for taking film classes yoga ballet raquetball music theory bowling creative writing - when I graduated I had enough credits for an additional minor because I tried everything that sounded interesting! So fun!..
College for me was one big blur of drugs and booze so I can't offer practical advice. But I can offer you encouragement by telling you that I wasted college by using and drinking and this coming from someone who was on Dean's List and graduated with a near perfect GPA and who started a successful organization. The reason I can tell you I wasted it is because *all* of that would have been even better had I not been using. I squandered so many opportunities ended up hanging with the bottom of the barrel (myself included in that) and just ignored so many amazing opportunities I could have had if I were sober. It makes me cringe to be honest. Be one of the people who glides by all the rest while they make their mistakes and make your future instead. I saw them occasionally and I wish I could have been one of them. 
First thing to understand is that many of us are socially handicapped to some degree. This is a prime component  in our drinking.      .. I am a dinosaur who grew up before they had aspergers as a diagnosis "what is wrong with you" was about as clinical as it got...A couple of years ago I took on line tests and found myself squarely on the spectrum.   The reason I was interested?  I suspected that many of my fellow AAs were at least out there in that direction. ..This is good news and bad news  it means AA is loaded with our types but they have the same problems with relationships we do.    It takes time I had to work on my self esteem issues **and not to take rejection so damned personally** once I realized it might be their inability not the fact I had cooties.   ..Feel free to pm - or not.
