-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1k67my/6_months_today/

Today today is my 6 months...How I did it. I got a sponsor and I use him. We work the steps. People I talk to people now. I've made some connections in sobriety. Not as many as I'd like but way more than when I was using. So actually I have friends now that I spend time with. I share my voice my experience my truth in meetings. I've actually shared with a few people one on one. That is that's where the magic is. Wow I've only done it 4 times and I hope I helped them. It was more than just talking for me I listened mainly and I did speak/share. One woman as she talked it was spooky some of the things she liked and why were me down to the most minute detail. ..I have people come up to me who know my name and I've never met them. I'm guessing they heard me at meetings or someone mentioned my name. It's a trip for me. Women want to hang out with me. I have no job I don't shave regularly I'm pretty introverted and they still do. Exactly opposite of when I was drinking and making pretty damn good money...I've come to believe that most people at any given moment are doing the very best they can again at that moment.  ..There is a lot I don't know fear and hurt really have been the driving force for a lot of my life I did the best I could at the time with what I had on my own. I have to live with it no getting around that. And life has a way of moving on good or bad. AA and more importantly the people of AA have helped me find a way to move on. Accepting kindness and love from others is still something I'm getting used to. I wish I was better at it. I try not to stand in the way of it but I also struggle with it. Someone suggested practice and that's what I am trying to do...Oh almost forgot it's been such a process but I had to get the losers out of my life. The people who are always negative who just try to rip me to shit who do nothing with their life. I try and stick with the winners today. Their sickness can be more powerful than my recovery. Might sound hokey to some but it's what works for me. Sticking with people who encourage who are doing things with their life who try those are winners to me...Sobriety is a trip. If you are struggling to sober up or having difficulty doing it on your own then my suggestion is what is working for me. This is really all I can offer or the best I can offer I believe today (otherwise I'm just guessing or making shit up) Try a meeting try several meetings they aren't all the same but then again they kind of are. AA may or may not be what works for you I don't know. I do know there is a solution for me one day at a time and I believe it can work for you too if you want it to. I really want to add this. Recovery isn't just for the elite or super good or for some enlightened people. Recovery is available for ALL for everyone. My recovery isn't perfect I don't have this easy life now what I have is help. I don't have to do this shit ALONE anymore. I have people in my life who are willing to listen and be apart of who care. That's light years from where I was 6 months ago. I wish you all the best of luck on your journey...Oh and I had to drop this little bonus nugget...I have been quit for 5 Months 1 Week 3 Days 14 hours 34 minutes and 17 seconds (163 days). I have saved $968.65 by not smoking 3435 cigarettes. I have saved 1 Week 4 Days 22 hours and 15 minutes of my life. My Quit Date: 3/1/2013 4:00 AM
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!  Keep it up!
[deleted]
Thanks for posting and congratulation!
Congrats on six months and for the wisdom and perspective you've gained and shared!
Ux
Congratulations it's a great milestone!
Well done. Sounds like you're getting it. I like the "it works for me" part - so important. Keep working it.
Well done :)
