-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1k7l9b/what_was_the_final_straw_that_made_you_decide_to/

Warning: big wall of text ahead!..Hi folks i've recently stopped drinking and while i've 'stopped' in the past for lengthy periods i've always went back. I would just like to explain my own experience for anyone interested before i offer my own reasons on why i genuinely feel that i might be able to abstain this time. The hope of course is that it may resonate with someone else reading and help in some way. At the very least i think it helps me just to write down my feelings towards alcohol to remind myself of why i dont want to go back - so apologies if any of this is a bit self indulgent. ..I'm 27 and began drinking when i was about 17. Up until i was about 21 my drinking habits were 'normal' for somebody of my age in Scotland -  frequent heavy consumption pints and shots most times i went out not knowing limits and just generally going too far. Without going into massive detail it became apparent to me from about 21 onwards that i was self medicating. Like many of you here i'm sure i was drinking not just to have a good time with friends but to cope with anxiety and what in retrospect i can only conclude was depression...This continued up until i was around 24-25 except it went from 'getting drunk with friends' to 'i'll go for a cheeky one by myself' before meeting friends to 'i'd rather drink alone and indulge my thoughts and feelings' than be with friends (of which i dont have many of anyway) At this point i was working a shitty bar job and would go out to a late night bar after work for at least 3-4 pints and on my days off i remember waiting until the clock got to 'pm' so i could head round the corner to my local for a pint because "its 'pm-o'clock' of course its ok to have a drink i just work different shift patterns from most people its fine". When i changed jobs to another bar it would not be unusual for me to finish a day shift at 5pm and stay at the other side of the bar until 9-10pm basically plowing my earnings back into the place...I knew what i was doing was wrong i knew there was a problem but it wasnt physical dependency i just hadn't 'figured out what i was doing with my life yet' and drinking just gave me relief from stress/anxiety/depression associated with having no idea what you are doing with your life. At one point i went out on a 3 day bender and on the 4th day i was suffering badly with anxiety. I ended up having a panic attack and my flatmate took me to the hospital...After that experience that was it done gone finito - no more. I finally started going to the gym and for about 3 months i didnt touch a drop. Problem is that after that time i had already 'proven' to myself that i wasnt physically or emotionally dependent on alcohol and so naturally it was safe to start drinking again. Admittedly between then and now (25-27) i have been much more conscious of how much and regularly i'm drinking - i have managed to keep going to the gym 3-4 times a week and i've been in a loving relationship for the last 2 1/2 years. But even though i had been drinking less its my attitude towards alcohol which scares me. Even going out for 'a couple of drinks' with my girlfriend i'll have a pint and want another then have that and really want another and she'll say ok we should head home and although while i mostly agree and go home mentally i'm screaming 'NOOOOooooo just one more beer'..Anyway i've already went into much more detail that i intended - the overall message is that i've realized i have either through my own creation or just genetically cant handle alcohol and what it does to my thinking. It has never once did anything good for me. I have never once thought my way out of my problems or stood at the bar and sank 8 pints to find my life to be better the next day - and i never will...I cant say there has been a 'epiphany' type moment or final straw for myself in deciding to give up drinking. I didnt go out and get smashed and do the oh so familiar 'never again' the next day. However i feel that for whatever reason - that i am not so easily fooled by alcohol anymore. I have no doubt temptation is going to creep up to me in the future and for those moments i'm going to forget all the shame guilt misery anxiety depression self-hatred and indifference to my own existence that alcohol has helped exacerbate and keep in a perpetual loop. "I drink because i'm anxious and i'm anxious because i drink" But the difference for me now is that i dont see it as desirable and i see sobriety as desirable instead. Even in the last 11 days waking up with no hangover actually feeling excited about being able to get things done today being able to go to bed at night knowing that i will not wake up with regret tomorrow...I dont hold any hatred for alcohol to those who can drink in moderation i say good on you. But i'm not one of you and never will be. On the flip side i feel i now have time to pursue my hobbies and interests and pay attention to loved ones without putting things off because i'm hungover or going out drinking. And i genuinely want that more than beer...Anyway thank you for reading that slab of text - i'm sorry if its not particularly coherent i feel like my brain has been a bit scattered the last few days. I wish you all well in your efforts to abstain and i hope you maintain the strength to not cave in when temptation comes along. I dont feel that it is melodramatic or an overstatement to say that reading your stories and struggles has resonated with me in a way that i've not found in my normal environment and has (at least temporarily) changed my life...In anticipation of temptation arriving at some point i'd like to ask you how you manage to overcome it and not cave in?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I am also interested in answers to this question...30 days ago I considered making a post like this. Like you I came to a kind of... *realization*. I felt that something had "clicked" in my brain. I suddenly got it. I cant drink alcohol anymore. Alcohol looked like the man behind the curtain. I think I *would* say it was an epiphany...But I am already having difficulties. I fantasize about alcohol often. ..I am worried I am a dry drunk...I don't know what to do.
I use some tools called CBA (cost benefit analysis) and HOV (hierarchy of values) that I learned in SMART Recovery.  Doing these exercises can help you build and maintain motivation for remaining abstinent.  They can be found online for free.
[deleted]
Final straw was realizing I was buried under a large hay pile.     ..Nothing dramatic no handcuffs no coming out of a blackout while skydiving no waking up in West Virginia with a new wife...Just finally knowing I was sick and tired of being sick and tired.
[deleted]
I drank mostly out complete boredom then the drinking became boring. I was aware of all the other important problems it was causing damage to my health I was suffering at work. I didn't care about that. But when I became bored of what was helping me cure boredom that's when it clicked. I'm still bored but a sober boredom is a much better boredom. I drank for a long time ten years every day. I'm still bored but I'm working on getting my zest for life and hobbies I use to enjoy back in the picture. I'm aware it's going to take some time...I had a craving for booze last Friday night after work. I thought of it as a reward then I quickly went through all the reasons why I shouldn't drink. If I don't Saturday won't be a right off I'd be upset with myself for ruining the dry run I had the chance of me thinking the same thing Saturday night since I didn't have to work sunday would be high and the drinking would resume again. So the biggest eureka moment for me was realizing I've done this sort of bargaining with myself and it never turns out well it turns out me returning to the same old drinking behaviour of pounding back 10 beers every night as fast as I can. So I passed on "rewarding" myself wouldn't be a reward at all. 
Final straw was severe withdrawal symptoms and going to the hospital for detox. ..What helped me with temptation was going to AA meetings where I saw newcomers struggling and old-timers with long-term recovery. Newcomers helped me remember what happens when I drink. The others gave me hope and tools for sober living. 
When you wrote "But even though i had been drinking less its my attitude towards alcohol which scares me. Even going out for 'a couple of drinks' with my girlfriend i'll have a pint and want another then have that and really want another and she'll say ok we should head home and although while i mostly agree and go home mentally i'm screaming 'NOOOOooooo just one more beer' - YES that's me.  Like "why on Earth would we stop drinking NOOOWWWW???"  Which I guess is exactly why I should stop drinking Now.  
Nothing dramatic for me.  Just a feeling of futility.  I woke up the day after my 39th birthday.  I wasn't hungover.  But I realized I was doing my usual morning postmortem: recalling the amount I drank the night before evaluating how much sleep I'd had deciding whether my consumption the night before was something for which I should feel guilty or whether it was okay debating whether I should commit aloud to drinking less in the coming evening...and I decided you know what?  Fuck this.  I don't agonize over my ice cream consumption or my time spent playing Words with Friends.  This is stupid.  So I quit.  I was scared and exhilarated at the same time...It hasn't been all easy.  But alcohol and I broke up.  Sometimes I feel nostalgic but it doesn't change the fact that we're done.
Did anyone else read this in Mr. Scott's voice?  (Star trek!)
[deleted]
Final straw for me? ..Waking up one day and realizing some of the most important relationships in my life had disintegrated. My parents didn't speak to me anymore the friends I cared about weren't speaking to me and the people who did speak to me weren't very good friends in the first place...I hear you on the self-medicating. I was never much of a drinker but I began drinking when I'd go to shows just because I'd get this horrible anxiety (which over time got worse and worse each time I would go out). The more anxious I got the more I'd drink just trying to dull that feeling or get to a giddy level where I wouldn't care that my friends either hated the way I acted or were worried about me. ..It took realizing and subsequently admitting to a friend that I'd gotten to a point where I would drive drunk an hour across town to get home actually half-wishing I'd crash and kill myself coupled with the whole "ruined relationships" thing...to realize I had to give it up. ..I don't know if it works for other people completely abstaining from it doesn't work for me. My problem was not "going a long period of time" without alcohol. In fact I went weeks or months at a time without drinking only to get blackout drunk in the course of one night. If I started drinking I wouldn't stop. ..For me it took seeing friends go to rehab. Taking that "tough love" from both friends and family some of which I still don't speak to. Realizing that ultimately it was making my anxiety worse not helping it. ..I do still drink on occasion but it is a constant thing I have to remind myself. Actually wondering if it gets easier over time or if I will have to continue to pretty much stay on myself to not have one more drink. I will say that although I will still have a drink I'm much happier now that I'm able to even cut back. ..Sorry for the long post but if anyone has answers on how to make it easier or deal with the fallout that ensues interpersonally I'd love to hear it. ..Good luck to you OP. It helps to have a positive support base whomever that may be. I wouldn't be even this far without the (admittedly small) support base of my own. Hang in there. .
