-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1k7vpi/is_this_rock_bottom/

So after 6 months of sobriety I've relapsed at least 5 times. I don't understand how I keep messing up and disappointing my loved ones. I've just been cut off and I'm not really sure how I'm going to live without financial support considering I'm in school. I guess what I'm looking for is some support from people that have been through what I'm going through.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Continuing the same behavior expecting different results is crazy. ..Sounds iike you need a different plan. In addition there's more to recovery than simply not drinking. Without personal growth it is difficult to find enjoyment in sobriety. ..What worked for me was involvement in AA by going to meetings getting a sponsor and working the steps. ..&gt;If nothing changes nothing changes. 
I don't know if this will help but most of the seemingly insurmountable obstacles I faced in early sobriety taught me to let go and learn how to live in the worlds as-is instead of trying to constantly escape from it...I found great help at school actually. They helped get me counselling that I did weekly in addition to meetings and they even let me work off my debt for a semester of school I registered for but didn't attend...It wasn't easy but every challenging step taught me something I needed to learn for myself (versus being told it.)..As for a higher-power I found it very helpful to think of the collective-wisdom and consciousness of the members in the rooms as the way in which my higher power spoke to me. ..Thanks for sharing.
&gt; Is this rock bottom?..It is if you're done digging.
[deleted]
I think being bewildered by your circumstances is a great example of powerlessness. There is a way out if you are really willing to go to any lengths. Go to meetings get a sponsor get other peoples phone numbers and hang out with them (sober people) call them be willing to go to great lengths to stay sober and you will! I know you can do it but do you know you can do it? Don't give up!
Sounds like you aren't convinced that you're powerless over alcohol and that your life is unmanageable.
What have you done differently each time?
Hi.  Congrats on the six months.  As for the relapses and your reference to past bad experience with church/God perhaps you should look into other support - SMART Recovery offers a secular approach to recovery.  There are other options besides AA.  Don't give up.
