-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kah1j/for_those_struggling_and_relapsing/

Just had a sponsee call me today is 3 years took him 8 years to get there.   **I do not recommend this for anyone.**  But he did it coming back week after week.   Sometimes counting sometimes not.  He did it with an active alcoholic wife wine in fridge vodka in freezer and him having to buy it otherwise she drove drunk to get it.  No wonder he slipped for 5 years...My point is to pick your head out of the toilet and try again.        .It does not have to take five years only as long as it takes so long as you don't give up.      .His life is still difficult but is so much better than it would have been.
----------immediate responses--------

That's.... impressive considering he's been surrounded by triggers.
damn.
Thanks been trying and failing a lot this year but better than the years I did not try
Not drinking is what counts. And 3 years is wonderful. Your sponsee has a high signal-to-noise ratio going on in his sobriety so kudos to him. Sounds like he's getting it though to string together 3 years. 
Thank you I needed this. Back on the wagon. 
I could only imagine trying to get cleaned up when your partner isn't and living with that. Kudos to him. I have a friend at work his wife went through rehab for booze but he still drinks at home. ."It's not me with the problem" I don't judge him about it ok I do a little but I don't say anything about it . It must be really difficult for her. I'm so grateful I don't have those problems. 
[deleted]
It also took me about 8 years to get to the first 3 years of continuous sobriety. I also do NOT recommend this as it is completely unnecessary. My own sponsor at the time would say "Cripes there's no need for this continuous suffering." And my wife is a normy who insisted on removing all alcohol from the house so I had no excuses...But life today in sobriety is much better than I could have imagined. If someone had asked me to write out what I would like life to be with long term sobriety it would be 1/10 of what it has become. ..I say this a lot but if you're new and going through hell--keep going!
