-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kcpd7/you_guys_helped_keep_my_badge_intact/

I spent the past couple of days at a resort with a nice pool bar next to a nice fireplace. Hanging out by the fire with all the happy people drinking  early in the night it was hard not to join in.  So I came here and there were stories like 'Don't relapse'  and people celebrating milestones and the like.  That made staying on the path sp much easier. ..Thanks guys!
----------immediate responses--------

We don't have to do this alone this is a great thing.  And your sharing about us helping you helps me- and the circle of life continues...
This is exactly what I wish I would have done during my relapse. Similar situation vacation people having fun drinking ALL around me. I caved. Good for you for not doing the same! Next time I'll be sure to hit up /r/stopdrinking. Thanks for the post!
That was exactly my last relapse I was in Key West for a week of surf and sun and ending up spending the entire time at the pool side bar at the hotel. On the flight back I decided I would do everything to recommit each and everyday anew to not drink that day. I made that commit today for the 881^st time...You can do it and I am glad you were able to use a sober support network when you needed one. 
Well done you made the right decision.  Keep it up!!!!!!
I love this place it's like a meeting in your pocket.  I was on vacation up north a couple weeks ago.  Went into the LCBO with my girlfriend while she was grabbing herself some beer and got a little overwhelmed.  She saw the look on my face and said "do you want to go wait outside?"  Went out and loaded up this sub read a short little article about not drinking and felt way better.
I totally understand where you're coming from. My family parties are focused around a) food b) alcohol. I'm not sure what I'm going to do at the next one. There's never really been a "straight edge" guy in our family.
That's a tough one! Well done!
Good on you for recognizing the itch to partake and deciding to leave. There's no shame in that. Congrats. Bet you felt really good the next morning waking up realizing "I'm glad I didn't"
We helped but you did it. And you can keep doing it! Stay strong and get another day.
[deleted]
A support group in your pocket/hotel room. :)..Whenever I feel shitty about my sobriety/my emotions/the choice to not drink just reading this subreddit changes my attitude 180.
