-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kfomm/100_days_some_tldr_reflections/

Hey everyone..I don't really post much (or at all really...) but I thought I'd reflect a little bit after making it 100 days without so much as a sip of alcohol.  Seemed like a nice milestone.   I guess I'm writing this for myself as much as for anyone who might have some time to kill reading it.    .  .  ..First of all even just months ago I never would have imagined it was possible to go this long without a single drink.  Going more than 24 hours without so much as a beer was a struggle.  More than two or three days?  Forget it.  I was at the point where I was getting drunk on an almost daily basis and if I wasn't I was overwhelmed with feelings of anxiousness restlessness and boredom.  What did people even -do- at night without booze?  I seemed to vaguely recall a time where I didn't need to at least have a buzz going to feel content but those days seemed like some far away previous life.  I was probably ok with not drinking back then because I didn't know what I was missing or so I would half-heartedly tell myself.    .  ..That being said it really wasn't even that long ago.  From what I've gathered while lurking around here it seems like most people started drinking young usually in their teens.  I actually never took a single drink until I was 23 (I'm 29 now).  So in some ways I'm an amateur compared to those with decades of heavy drinking under their belts (and hopefully behind them).  Doesn't really matter I guess but that might explain why I still sort of remembered what life was like before.  One of the reasons I was such a late bloomer was because I knew I had an addictive personality and was absolutely afraid that I might like it if I tried it.  Eventually all it took was a girl I was crazy about at the time an invitation to a bar and a desire to not look like I had a stick up my ass.  I never did actually get anywhere with the girl but me and alcohol went on to have a beautiful exciting troubled miserable relationship.    .  .So fast forward to 2013.   Blackouts puking driving drunk been there done that.  Health problems that only seemed to be getting worse.  Worst physical shape of my life.  Etc etc.  Had a handful of moments where a normal person might have said "what the hell am I doing it's time to stop" but kept right on going.  The details don't really matter since you all know how it goes if you're here reading this.  I'm not using a throwaway since quitting is not something I'm ashamed of and owning my past feels like the right thing to do (well that and I couldn't care less about my Reddit "rep") - with that said it's funny and kind of embarrassing when I look back through my post history and see just how much of it was exclusively about booze and bars.    ..  .So anyway why'd I finally stop?  I think I knew for a long time that I couldn't go on like that forever.  There was just no way to live like that and expect to have any sort of life at all.  Lost my job last year at least partly due to being too hung over too often to go in.  It had only gotten worse since then.  Some of you probably remember when a post made it to the front page a few months back about someone whose room mate (and brother I think?) was in the hospital for liver failure.  It was accompanied by a picture of a sizable collection of empty cheap vodka bottles they'd found in his room.  That just hit way too close to home for me.  That was my future and my present wasn't terribly far from it.    .  ..So I just decided enough was enough.  Later that day I went by the book store and got the Allen Carr book after seeing it highly praised in a few places.  Now I'm the biggest skeptic I know and neither this book's title nor its opening pitch did much at all to make me think it would actually help with anything.  Without turning this into a book review I'll just say that by the end it had done a great job of helping me to reframe my entire perception of alcohol.  Combined with a genuine desire to quit for good (a must) I think I owe a lot of my current success to that book.  This subreddit has also been very helpful and inspiring so I want to thank everyone for their own stories and comments that I've read over the months.  Also that [Craig Ferguson monologue](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZVWIELHQQY).  Love that guy.    ..  .And now here I am 100 days sober.  I don't really crave alcohol at all anymore but I also know how easy and tempting of a trap it is to think that means it's ok to "just have one it'll be fine you can control it now".  Nah.  Wouldn't want to even if I thought that were possible.  It hasn't all been sunshine and rainbows since stopping and my life hasn't magically repaired itself like it seems to for some people.  But I just _feel_ better.  No more booze-related shame or self-loathing (I really did hate being "that guy" who ran to the corner store at 11:55pm with 12 being the cutoff to grab that last-minute sixer).  Already lost a lot of weight and counting.  Starting actually _jogging_ regularly which is something I never thought I'd genuinely enjoy in my life time and was absolutely not possible while I was drinking.  I still don't have a job still have sleep problems and for a while right after quitting I got way too addicted to diet soda (that whole addictive personality thing) but I'm working on all that.    .  ..So I guess that's it.  Just wanted to share a bit of my story and get my thoughts down somewhere and here seemed like a good place.  Thanks again to everyone who shares their own stories.  Hope you stay strong in your sobriety and I hope that those out there who are struggling find what works for them.  I can only say don't give up as I know how daunting and even impossible it can seem to imagine a life without alcohol.  100 days later it becomes increasingly more difficult to imagine why I ever thought I preferred a life with it.
----------immediate responses--------

