-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kjpbt/4_years/

This morning my 12 Step Companion marked 4 years since I stopped drinking.  ..On May 3d of 1986 I "got sober" and I was an active AA for nearly 15 years--until I stopped active recovery in 2001.  The reasons aren't terribly important although those reasons causes justifications rationalizations meant the world to me at that time.  My relapse was a descent into a 7 year hellish period that cost me my professional license and reputation sent me to federal prison for federal tax evasion and nearly cost me my life.  ..After I stopped drinking again in 2009 and returned to recovery in the rooms of Alcoholics Anonymous I was able to begin to deal with the consequences and carnage of my drinking.  My journal from August 17 2009 reflects that I stopped taking whatever brand name of valium I justified using; ergo my sobriety date.  I had a hard road in sobriety including a 11/2010 short prison stint in the mountains of West Virginia.  Since then I've returned to work and a degree of respectability.  My family has had to deal with a lot of the normal life crises and the rocks that I put in our path but we are--one day at a time dealing with all of that too.  There is often freedom joy and laughter in our home again--oh and a little sadness.  While I was in prison my daughter gave birth to my first and only grandchild he is +21/2 and a miracle of happiness and discovery...For exercise I ride a bicycle often enormous distances (for an old geezer) and this morning I had plans to ride with a friend but when it dawned on me what day it is I remembered my obligation to the new guy and I'm off to my Saturday AM Big Book meeting to share the fact of my anniversary.  I'll ride this afternoon.  ..I live one day at a time.  I practice a spirit(ual) program of recovery by which I mean I did not stop drinking through any exercise of willpower.  I work the steps of recovery and yes I came to believe in a power greater than myself but it is a GOD a creator of me that totally transcends the understanding of this sometimes atheist mostly agnostic and self-centered drunk.  I don't have a GOD of my understanding I have a GOD not of my understanding and the idea of that GOD that is reflected in lives of my friends family and fellowship has saved even me...So today I am through the grace of that power greater than me--continuously sober 4 years.  I hope to see you too along the path of happy destiny...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back congratulations and thanks for the perspective on..&gt; The reasons aren't terribly important although those reasons causes justifications rationalizations meant the world to me at that time. My relapse was a descent into a 7 year hellish period that cost me my professional license and reputation sent me to federal prison for federal tax evasion and nearly cost me my life...We all need that reminder now and then
&gt;"...those reasons causes justifications rationalizations meant the world to me at that time. My relapse was a descent into a 7 year hellish period that cost me ..."  ..As someone who is in a serious fight for control right here right now I really want to thank you for these words. You have done me a MASSIVE service today. I need help drowning out DrunkVoice and these words are really really helping.
Congratulations on four years. I too have a God not of my understanding but it is by the grace of God alone that I am sober today - without it I'm just a self-centred drunk...It's stories like yours that teaches me that recovery isn't recovery unless it's active recovery.
[deleted]
congratulations!
This is very beautiful. Thank you for sharing. It helps me keep my motivation to attend aa meetings even though I'm so new they seem intimidating still.  THANK YOU
