-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kkwas/5_days_sober/

I'm an alcoholic. I realized this extremely recently.  I have a son he's 4 years old and I'm separated from his mother. This means that 50% of the time I'm a single Dad. I do a fucking good job of being his Dad despite my disease. I also have a fairly demanding job in a growing technology company. ..Like most things in my life my alcoholism is restrained. It doesn't flourish bravely. Instead of flaming out in DUIs and loss of control it's a slow burn of isolation. Its a thousand poor choices picking the company of a bottle of wine over the company of another human being. I'll make excuses to not meet the people left in my life and hunker down and drink bourbon or gin until I'm a human shell transcended from normal form armored and numb. For about 5 years now I've suffered the repeated lash of self hatred as I make another sad purchase in the liquor store different liquor stores to avoid making it obvious knowing that I'm piling chemical isolation on top of depression. It's a robotic procedure. I'm a spectator...This last weekend was my bottom. It wasn't glamorous or dramatic it was simply enough. I left a social gathering (at a bar no less) early to head home with a new bottle of tequila and margarita mix. I settled in to watch golf and Tarantino movies and to read reddit. This is my luxurious cocoon. ..On Sunday morning I woke up in my bed unaware of how I got there. I had a hangover so horrific that it transcended the physical and was an emotional spiritual hangover. I could barely move. I surveyed the living room and discovered that while watching Django unchain himself and Duffner become a major champion and Shitty_Watercolor paint something shitty I had consumed an entire bottle of tequila. In a dainty martini glass. That is how my alcoholism goes it's a driving train that pushes me to up my consumption rate to move things out of the way of the drink pipeline. Things like working on human relationships keeping my house in order staying healthy having hobbies knowing who I am. These things are sidelined by the pipeline. The dread of trying to beat a hangover before my son comes over in the afternoon is too much...I'm suffering real health effects now. Weight gain severe acid reflux which seems to have burned a hole in something in my chest loss of feeling in my limbs.. this has to be from alcohol. I have poured a lot of it into me in the last 5 years. My recycling bin was always overfull every week...If you have a liquor cabinet in your house I envy you. I cannot keep a liquor cabinet in my house because when I have liquor in my house I am busy arranging my schedule in order to drink that liquor. Those bottles call my name and to silence them I drink them...The reason I still have enough self respect to want to make this change in front of you good people today is that some parts of my life haven't been sidelined by the pipeline yet. My role as father to my amazing boy has survived in tact and I still manage to do my demanding day job well. I have these things to make me want to be a whole person again...Many people balk at the idea that alcoholism is a disease. I'm one of those people. To me its simply a failure of self control. Or rather it was. I'm coming around to the disease notion. Alcoholism runs deep in my family. It has claimed the lives of some of my relatives and traumatized others. I'm going to give myself the benefit of the doubt and stop blaming myself for this affliction but hold myself responsible for combating it...My fears as I begin are that life without a beer with friends might not be worth living. I'm an awkward beast and alcohol helped me talk to you all when we meet each other. I fear that this revelation will horrify the people who know me but don't know my struggle. I fear that the liquor gave Hemingway and Hunter S. Thompson their powers and I'm declining the elixir. ..I want to thank my friend who doesn't know it but helped me start this process of healing. She thinks I write well (oh Karen you crazy fool) so she gave me Stephen King's book "On Writing". I took courage from how Stephen recognized battled and beat alcoholism and was still able to be creative. In fact his creativity ratcheted up in sobriety. I always assumed that substance abuse is a tax of creativity and resigned myself to paying it forever. Well fuck you substances...Hello to this new day. Day 5 of sobriety. I have a good feeling in my heart. It's been missing...It really is weird waking up without a hangover. I have not experienced this in years...Riley my son I love you so much. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. I like your writing. Get yourself a badge and commit to a program of recovery. Things get better but you gotta work at it.
Welcome and congratulations on 5 day I know the beginning is hard but you have done a good job. 
This was a really interesting read. I wish you all the best in your new life of sobriety.
congratulations. seriously. it's scary to realize you're an alcoholic but it's the beginning of a life-changing and positive journey. the beginning is hard...since getting sober i've completely come to reject the notion that liquor is writer's elixir. it's a fallacy. alcohol makes things murky and messy. my writing has gotten so much better (and more frequent) because it's become more intelligent clear and most of all honest just like i have. i'm able to access a deeper truth about myself and the world now. ..stay dry and please do keep writing you're very talented.
That's a really good read - I particulaly relate to the emotional spiritual hangover I've had a few of them. 
[deleted]
Congratulations and thank you for putting into words things I've felt but never had a way to say. Keep up the good work!
I heard someone somewhere saying that all great alcoholic writers wrote not because of the alcohol but despite it.
Just chiming in to say that while I am an academic writer not a creative writer I also believed many of the same myths about alcohol and writing.  I have terrible terrible writing anxiety and thought that alcohol "helped" me write.  Until I started tracking how much I actually wrote in a day and mapped that onto how much I was drinking every day.  Guess what?  I wrote SO MUCH MORE the day after a "light" drinking night.  In fact I only finished my dissertation after a record setting 3 week period of sobriety about six years ago.  (of course I went back to drinking.... brilliant....)  I haven't had a drink for 9 days now and my brain feels sooooooo much more able to CREATE.  Anyway good luck!!!  Keep up the writing and the sobriety!! 
I *love* On Writing and I *love* Stephen King. He's been a real inspiration to me too. ..""The idea that creative endeavor and mind-altering substances are entwined is one of the great pop-intellectual myths of our time. The four twentieth century writers whose work is most responsible for it are probably Hemingway Fitzgerald Sherwood Anderson and the poet Dylan Thomas. They are the writers who largely formed our vision of an existential English-speaking wasteland where people have been cut off from one another and live in an atmosphere of emotional strangulation and despair. These concepts are very familiar to most alcoholics; the common reaction to them is amusement. Substance abusing writers are just substance abusers common garden-variety drunks and druggies in other words. Any claims that the drugs and alcohol are necessary to dull a finer sensibility are just the usual self-serving bullshit. I've heard alco holic snowplow drivers make the same claim that they drink to still the demons. It doesn't matter if you're James Jones John Cheever or a stewbum snoozing in Penn Station; for an addict the right to the drink or drug of choice must be preserved at all costs. Hemingway and Fitzgerald didn't drink because they were creative alienated or morally weak. They drank because it's what alkies are wired up to do. Creative people probably do run a greater risk of alcoholism and addiction than those in some other jobs but so what? We all look pretty much the same when we're puking in the gutter."..Edited for full quote
