-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kmttj/steps_8_9/

You guys were such a great help when I was struggling with step 4 so I'd like to get some help on my feelings about the "amends" steps please...My sponsor is requesting that I make a list (using my step 4 work) of the people I have harmed. Ok. The second part of step 8 is "and became willing to make amends to them all." Well I am unwilling. I have an ex-husband on the list who has disappeared and not seen his children or paid child support in 5 years. If I did ever come across him again I would be unwilling to bother with any type of amends and instead would focus on getting my children's money from him. Another person is an ex-boyfriend who was in jail on a felony charge and I cheated on him. Our breakup was horrible and he was abusive and super shitty. While I do feel shame for cheating on him if I ever saw him I'd run the other way so no amends willingness there. Another person is father. He's been an asshole my whole life and while I was an unruly teen he was truly a terrible father. I only have contact with him when I have to and it's unpleasant and I don't want him to be any part of my new life. So I guess I could make amends to him but he would probably verbally abuse me and it's truly not worth it to make myself feel better about cleaning my side of the street or whatever..The only other person I have is a woman I was friends with but ended up "breaking up" with her because she was super unhealthy for me to be around. I am unwilling to open myself back up to her...I do understand the importance of making amends if one has a situation or person on their mind that makes them feel shame or guilt and it is an obstacle to their sobriety. I'm just not real comfortable with the thought of allowing certain people back into my life. I also don't think it's fair to anyone for me to come waltzing back into anyone's life just because I need to complete a recovery step. ..Can someone please explain how I'm seeing this all wrong? I'm to the point to where my step work will end here I guess if I can't sort this out because my sponsor will not go on with step 10 until these are complete. 
----------immediate responses--------

|Can someone please explain how I'm seeing this all wrong?|..Here's where you are asking EXACTLY the right question--the answer is as you suggest how you're seeing it.  It sounds like you're making a good start on these steps but you're wrong in thinking you will be making an amends with an ex-husband or abusive boyfriend.  Go back and re-read Steps 8 &amp; 9--we make a list of people we harmed and became willing to make amends; and made direct amends wherever possible except where injury to them or others would result.  It sounds to me as if you put Step 9 in front of Step 8 and concluded in your own mind that you were required to make direct amends to abusers.  How would that workout for your children if one of these guys got violent or otherwise retaliated against you?  Not good right?  So what's the answer?..I am required to make a list that's Step 8.  As part of that list I need to focus on MY ROLE in any harm done.  I pray about this I meditate on this and I try to come to a place where I perceive and grow into an understanding of why it is I choose certain not very functional relationships.  Once I see my role in these screwed up relationships along with my sponsors and my support system try to see what if any amends is appropriate safe and lacking in consequential injury to the other person and to my children.  Absent potential harm I make an amends; in the face of potential harm I do NOTHING. Sometimes time and healing make amends possible in the future; sometimes an amends can take the form of volunteering at a battered woman's shelter or in sponsoring others like you in the future.  ..But here's the most important part; don't let your fear mistaken assumptions about step-work or incomprehension get in the way of zealously cleaning up your side of the street.  The point of all of this is to clear away the wreckage of the past so you will never have a reason to drink again. ..Good luck I wish you every blessing.
We are only responsible for our side of the street.    Period.      .As addicts we were drawn to and attracted problem people.      .(There may be amends and forgiveness to ourselves concerning that)...We do not have to forgive everyone though carrying anger around does take a toll so perhaps some middle ground.    . .This is a process.  Occasionally there may be a quick resolution but often not so much.  ..Except where to do so would harm.... Re opening toxic relationships falls under this.   ..Whips and chains are optional...Edit: probably the biggest amends are to your kids and to yourself..**being in recovery is a huge amend**
My amends list grows. The longer I stay sober the more clarity I have towards my own actions...Some of my amends are living amends. Staying sober is the best and ongoing amends I can make to familiy. My biggest amends is to myself though. I smashed myself up pretty bad. ..Some amends are financial current and previous employers and some are to myself. ..I have some amends that have  a pin in it - till I get a year up.....I had some abusive people on my resentment/ conduct lists and its been pointed out to me that some anger and resenment comes from somthing done *to* me [assualt/abuse]  won't require amends as such except to myself. And some amends  feel anti climatic at the time financial amends can leave me feeling as irritated as all get out. It seems there's no medal in paying bills 412 days later. Fair enough. ..With the 'pinned' amends I pray to be willing and my sponser doesn't let me off the hook with 10 11 &amp;12. I pray to be willing to be willing and hand it over to HP I choose to call God. ..I  take ongoing inventory and make amends as I need to; seek service and acountability in my daily life. Even though I've not "finished" step 9 as such. Poster child for progress not perfection.  ..for me Steps  are not so much a list to tick off as 'done it!' more  a cycle of [mostly] daily actions  that help my mind find stillness. ..I heard on XA speakers a young man talk about the best amends he can make to some of the people he hurt is to stay away...Good on you for  getting to the hairy nitty gritty - big damn hugs!
I have two amends that I'm not willing to make yet and I'm working 10 11 and 12. ..I think it's important to look at each one with your sponsor because there isn't a specific way to make amends to someone you can do what you like. I'd make sure you look at getting rid of any resentments. Resentments will kill us alcoholics real quick. ..Another thing I think is important is that in regards to step 10 it says "We vigorously commenced this way of living as we cleaned up the past." So if you were to go by the book once you've made your first amends you should be doing 10-11. Which I would strongly recommend because those two things are incredible tools.
[deleted]
