-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kmu85/how_many_days_sober_did_you_have_when_you_started/

Just hit 9 months and I have only been to one single meeting which was 4 months ago and I walked out of it midway. I've been 'on my way' to them for 9 months now. Mind keeps telling me I gotta relapse and hit another rock bottom 'cause you have to be freshly sober for it to work.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Mind keeps telling me I gotta relapse and hit another rock bottom 'cause you have to be freshly sober for it to work...Your mind is full of shit.  You've got 9 months to build on.  There's no reason for you to start drinking so you can hit a lower bottom so you can succeed...If you're struggling though you should DEFINITELY find some support.  It doesn't have to be AA.  But it could be.  You could use multiple avenues of support too: AA + SMART + the webchat in the sidebar + therapy + .....You don't need me to punch you in the nose as hard as I can for you to understand that you'd have a broken nose.
Rock bottom is a myth. It's not required for sobriety. And no matter how low you are you can always go lower...You don't have to be freshly sober for AA to work that sounds like you making up an excuse to drink...Some people never go to AA.  (I've never been to AA.)  Some people start right away. Some people start later.  Ambivalent_Fanatic started going to AA after being sober for two years.  He says he gets a lot out of it and he didn't have to relapse to make it work...Why do you want to start attending meetings?  What are you looking to get out of them?  It might help to think some of that through.  Knowing what you're looking for might help you find what you need. Or maybe you have no idea what you want to get out of it and just feel like something is "missing?"  Something that you can't quite put your finger on?  You're not the first person to feel that way.  If that's the case just go and listen. Maybe you'll find it.  Worst case scenario you won't get anything out of it and you'll have wasted an hour of your time.  Sure beats relapse.
0 days sober. ..I went there for several months popping open a drink as I was pulling out of the driveway of wherever the meeting that night was held. ..There where and are many things there that I don't agree with but what I did (and do) get from those good people was hope.  Hope that one day I wouldn't drink that night. Hope to be a better person. Hope for a better life for myself. I kept coming back because I wanted what they had; freedom from addiction and simple basic happiness. I kept coming back for that...Then it just happened...I let go. I don't even really know what I let go of to be honest.  I walked around for three days with the mantra of "let go let go let go" playing over and over in my head like a song you cant stop singing.  And on the fourth day I woke up and it felt like a weight had been lifted off from me. I felt free for the first time in a very long time...After being given that freedom I realized that I don't have to agree with everyone and everything at AA. I take what works for me and guess what? It's working. I feel so happy and at peace now. Shit happens in day to day life and I can just let it go. ..I am so very grateful to those folks at AA I can't even begin to put it into words. All I can do is try to pay it forward. ..Best of luck to you in your walk. Like they would say to me you will when you're ready. ..
I celebrated 4 years of sobriety yesterday and I go to AA meetings.  Not only do I go I actively participate.  I sponsor I chair I lead I am the secretary of a meeting and I've been the trustee of a sober club.  Active and yes I believe with complete sincerity that the quality of my life and sobriety is directly proportionate to the level of my activity.  In the Big Book of Alcoholics Anonymous there are "personal stories" beginning with the story of Dr. Bob the co-founder.  And one of the most significant statements in his account of his life and sobriety is why he still was active in AA: he describes participation as both an act of gratitude for being sober and an insurance policy against relapse.  He then remarks that if you approach sobriety with "half the zeal" with which you approached drinking recovery would be certain.  I adhere to this idea.  Going to AA meetings and participating has been a hoot.  The rooms of AA are filled with miracles tragedies hope and redemption.  Like Dr. Bob I go gratefully and always to hear what happens to those who don't go to AA meetings.  Good luck.
Agree your mind is selling you a slip.    . Not necessary to go out again.    . I have one sponsee who came in after twenty seven years dry.   Now he is an outlier I will admit but he does say it makes life better and easier.  I have seen others come in with a year or two of white knuckling it you are not as unique as you want to believe sorry.
Two days sober. Started going in inpatient treatment. What you are calling your "mind" is your addiction. 
No you can go to AA anytime.  You don't have to relapse for it to be effective.  It sounds like your brains justification to have one more bender.  Don't listen.  Just try going to a meeting.
I walked in at about 80 days. It's never too late- you might be afraid that you'll hear something and have to accept that you wont drink again. 
[deleted]
I went to a meeting about 100 days after quitting drinking. I was doing "OK" all on my own but something was missing. So I listened to that little bird on my shoulder and went to AA just to try it out and have been there ever since. It's so much easier with help and support of my new friends and sponsor there instead of trying to do it all by myself. Having someone you can talk to and rely on who has been there is Amazing................. for me anyway :).
Two weeks. 
A few days..Haven't had a drink since but decided I wanted to "take acid for the last time" about a month into it. Wasn't as fun as I expected.
