-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ksu9z/struggletown/

Last year in February I decided I'd get super fit and would stop drinking (Monday to Friday; prior to that I was drinking about 10 beers a night every night). I did - i lost 15kg everything in my life got better my wife was happy I was happy. I have been drinking way too much recently and it is really hard to stop last time it wasn't too bad. I made a decision and stuck by it. I know I can do it again but the part that is killing me - the few nights I've started not drinking i have had the worst nights sleep ever to the point where I have stayed awake half the night with about 3 hours of actual sleep - not ideal when you drive all day for a living. I sincerely want to get back where I was. I had the best body I have ever had (like I had a 6 pack!) I ate so healthily. I loved exercise I enjoyed being psychotically obsessive about my health. The kicker seems to be sleep this time. I don't want to involve doctors i have abused benzo's in my early 20s and dont want to do that again. I'm really just venting i know i can do what I did before again. I'm just being soft. I'm hoping that writing this is purely therapeutic I don't expect all the answers or any of them. When I don't drink im super productive my wife loves it and great things seem to happen! I am drunk right now though wife is asleep in bed. Again I feel like I'm just having a whinge because I know what I want im capable of. Night people. Good luck to you all! 
----------immediate responses--------

This too shall pass.  Keep doing.   
Stay Strong my friend. You can/will get through it best prayers going forward.
One of the hallmarks of addiction is that over time it gets more difficult to combat as our thinking seems to include the daily cycle. Perhaps those weekends could be adding up into a broader addiction...Sounds like the last time you went easily and directly from good intention to good results.  This is rather unusual. Consider yourself lucky the last time wasn't too difficult...This time might be a higher hurdle... and as long as you cling to the weekend drinking it's possible you may find this struggle again and again... and probably even harder to do each time as like I said addiction becomes more difficult to deal with over time...You might want to ask yourself why you risk the lifestyle and health you love just to risk it to drink on weekends?  I'm not into being my own personal temperance movement but I am amazed by the amount of people who (LIKE I DID) are willing to risk so much just to get shit-faced...Last thing here: You don't have to "hit a bottom" but it might be helpful to really *really* look at this and realize that with addiction there's always a precipice ahead and if your behavior continues you may well find yourself at the bottom of it. Picture that until you can actually feel it... your future life in a wreckage... and then ask yourself if how much risk you'd like to take gambling with what you really seem to value most...Best to you..
One day at a time.  Just try to win a daily victory.  If you can formulate a plan to win tomorrow's daily victory you are on your way.  I personally get support and work that into my program.  Good luck.
They do have non narcotic sleep medications.  As an alcoholic I am very careful about the narcotic substances that can be offered to me.  I avoid them in cases of anxiety as well as with my sleep medication.  Therefore I personally take trazodone for sleep which is prescribed by my doctor.  You can obtain something of the sort.  I would just talk to your doctor.  In addition you may want to check out an AA meeting in order to assist you with quiting drinking.  The hallmark of an alcoholic is when you honestly want to stop you find you cannot.  You can stop.  It's definitely feasible.
What is driving the drinking? I don't believe in swapping one drug (alcohol) for another (prescription meds) to deal with such an addiction. But I can't help but wonder if you've sought other help? ..Also I can't help but notice that once you stopped drinking the first time you became "psychotically obsessive" with something else?..Again what are you drinking/exercising to get away from/avoid?
