-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1kzbad/just_wanted_to_share_a_small_triumph/

2 days ago one of my best friends of 14 years came back in town for a visit for the first time in a year and a half. His family threw a huge party invited everyone they knew/he knew/his gf knew over. He is a pretty big drinker all my old friends that were going to be there were pretty big drinkers as well. I was muddling over in my mind weither I should go or not. I knew I'd be tempted. I decided my friendship was too important to miss out on and went...First thing when he saw me he gave me a huge hug and handed me a beer. I gave it back and told him I was 49 days sober actually. His reaction totally surprised me to the point I almost want to reach out and help him. He replies "really that's awesome dude! I'm so proud of you! I wish I could quit but if I even go two days I get the shakes and itchy." It really made me sad to hear someone I cared about so much was struggling worse than I had but hadn't come to the realization I did about needing to stop...The rest of the night went well a few of the drinking buddies came all offered me a drink then congratulated me on being sober and how proud they all were (with a beer in hand). The only snag of the night was I ended up grilling ribs chicken and hot dogs with one of my other friends when they knocked an entire beer all over me soaking my shorts socks and shoes. I stunk like alcohol the rest of the night...All in all I was so proud of myself. I have now gone 51 days without a drink and that evening just helped me realize how strong of a person I am. ...TLDR: Friend had a party I went and I didn't drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! Good for you. I don't think I could have done that!
Hey good job!!! 
You're like superman. You turned down multiple offers of drinks and you didn't even drink when alcohol was literally poured on you. Good job man!
Hugh triumph I think! Were you at all tempted when you got there? 
Oh man you had beer soaking your clothes and didn't drink?! You handed back a beer?! Well played jefftakeover well played.
Congraulations.  This is a big victory for you.  Keep up the excellent work.
Inspiring.  Thanks for sharing!!
Going to parties and staying sober is so nice because you don't have to worry about getting a DUI (or worse) driving home.
Well done you should be proud.  And you should remember this event in the future when needed.  You CAN not drink.
And as I read this you are 52 days without a drink. One more day to be proud of. :)
That's incredible!   And it sounds like your friends are good people.   Great post...I think that once you reach a certain age -- I dunno maybe 30 -- every time you tell someone you don't drink they are likely to be impressed.   Even if they don't say so.  Many people are aware of the big expenses and real dangers that come with booze but they think those things are just a cost of living.   When they meet someone who has put all that shit behind them they are likely to think "Good for him."   ..And possibly even "I wish I could do that."
[deleted]
Good story congrats! People are always surprisingly supportive of the decision which is ironic considering how much the anxiety of "coming out" as an alcoholic frightens people. Handing back a beer must have been tough. Like asking a girl to stop mid-lovemaking.
