-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1l1bql/my_uncle_said_he_was_sober_for_13_years_til_now/

How can I make it if this guy I respect so much can fall so easily back into it? It's so depressing. How can I convince a potential partner that I won't relapse and ruin everything?
----------immediate responses--------

Because you don't have to drink. His actions are not your actions and you are above his and anyone's influence. Take the best care of yourself as possible. Do the work you know needs to be done. Drinking won't change anything for the better but it will change it for the worse...I struggled with your second question too. I found that I had to let go of my desire to re-gain others' trust immediately and accept that I had earned their reticence towards me. My parents particularly hurt me by keeping me on a short leash and making it clear they didn't trust me when I first moved out on my own. But they had every reason not to (in fact they were right AGAIN -- cf my 11 day badge) and the only way I can earn it back is to do the right thing every day for many many days. And the same applies to you I think. Keep on! 
That is exactly why I still go to meetings do service visit this board.     .Because if I think I am cured I am in realit headed for deep shit.
[deleted]
Did you ask him why he picked up again?  If so what did he say?..You can make it even though your uncle relapsed partly by learning from his relapse...Also 13 years sober is still worthy of respect.  As is how he handles his relapse going forward.  I hope he can get back on the wagon...In any case you are not your uncle.  The best way you can assure yourself and your partner is to stay sober today.  Then repeat that tomorrow.
I've been sober 28 yrs but that could end anytime I decide to end it. It's not permanent nor is it voodoo magic. Stay in the moment and pledge not to drink for the moment you are in don't worry about years from now ... I don't and never did.
"Watch other people and they'll make your mistakes for you."..hardman52 shared that advice with me some 500 days ago and I've never forgotten it.  It's some of the best advice I've ever seen on this board as it cuts right to the heart of what we're doing here. We share our stories to inspire and to receive advice but most importantly we do it so others may learn from our mistakes. That's why we "speak from the I" - we say hey I've been where you are before. This is what I did. And this is how it turned out for me. ..You can make it by learning from your uncle's mistake. Find out what went wrong. Find out how it happened. And take steps so you don't repeat his mistake. ..You don't know what tomorrow has in store for you so it would be foolish to say that you're ready for anything. But if you stay vigilant if you keep learning you can be secure in the knowledge that if you find yourself getting into uncharted waters you'll be astute enough to recognize it before it's too late. And while you may not have the answer you'll know how to find the answer. 
One day at a time. That's what we have...Sometimes it takes my breath away - the grace of it.
&gt;How can I make it if this guy I respect so much can fall so easily back into it?..His sobriety has nothing to do with yours...&gt;How can I convince a potential partner that I won't relapse and ruin everything?..Get enough time work a good program be open to talking about it. My fiance has these worries but we talk about them. I tell him when I have relapse dreams and we hug. I never had to convince him of anything...that's why I am marrying him. 
