-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1l2moa/stopped_drinking_on_day_4_and_doing_very_well/

I've been drinking everyday for 7 years.  It got really bad my last year of college and almost didn't graduate struggled to get a 2.0.  I've been working low wage restaurant jobs since graduating which only made my drinking and overall well being worse.  I currently work two jobs both are restaurant jobs but I've decided the best way to get out of an industry I hate working for is to stop drinking.  My bank accountant is already loving having money in it. I have also been in contact with a cousin who works for an insurance in hopes he can help me get a job at one of their branches. One step at a time to a road of success and happiness.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I've been working low wage restaurant jobs since graduating which only made my drinking and overall well being worse. I currently work two jobs both are restaurant jobs but I've decided the best way to get out of an industry I hate working for is to stop drinking...Pretty much my life since graduation except that it took me too damn long to make the change. I'm a fucking bartender which is just a stupid stupid thing (and honorable profession as it goes but just *not* for me.) No wonder that my daily drinking made the years blur by and made the idea of going to work tolerable...Now that I'm sober I've got a bunch of irons in the fire for career change some of which are hopefully going to bear fruit...Good luck and get yourself a badge! You've earned it!
It is surprising how little money it costs to live if you remain sober!  
For me not drinking is not an end but merely a means to an end. While I was drinking there were a lot of things I wanted to change but found it impossible to change. And I agree One Step at Time. Best of luck with the job lead and hope you are able to find the happiness you seek!
When I got sober my sponsor told me to take it easy; like you one step at a time.  He also said try to avoid major changes in the first year--marriage geographical changes etc.  For me it was good advice and as I've been around AA for years and years not just these last continuous 4 years I've seen relapses that seemed to be tied-in with major changes.  Don't know.  But a new and better paying job could be a reward fro sobriety good luck!
Congratulations! Great job. Just keep not drinking a day at a time and your life will get bigger and bigger beyond your wildest dreams.
First of all good job!..Second your situation sounds very similar to mine. Have been drinking everyday with *very* few exceptions for the last 6+ years. A couple months ago I was able to string together about 6 days sober and the feeling it gave me was amazing. So much energy and clarity. But i ended up falling off the wagon...I'm on day 3 sober myself right now and taking it one step at a time. ..Whenever I think about getting drunk I remind myself of how great it felt to wake up clearheaded to have energy and to not constantly worry about how much was left in the bottle how long it would last and when i'd have to buy more...One day at a time chief! We **can** do it.
[deleted]
Thanks for all the support!
