-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1l69op/unique_situation_maybe_please_help_tw_for_sexual/

So as my throw away name suggests I'm dumping a lot of stuff out as I don't want it associated with my main account...My dad sexually abused me from a young age mom was also sexually abused and is still struggling and has been suicidal for years my grandma on my biological father's side killed herself and my biological dad had a bout of depression but is pretty much better from it now. ..I've gone through anorexia (which is making a come back) self-harm and **responsible** drug use. ..But since starting college in a new country (Korea) I've slowly developed into an alcoholic...For awhile I drank a lot but it wasn't a problem. But it became one towards the end of my semester off about a year and a half ago. I was too young to drink in my home country so I asked friends and sometimes my parents (my mom was ok with me occasionally drinking) buying me a six pack of beer and drinking that a night after having dreams for almost four months of trying to buy beer at the convenience store in Korea but never being able to taste it (did I mention I love the taste of "soft" alcoholic drinks like beer wine and champagne?)  ..But since then I haven't gone more than a week without drinking. In the past year the longest I've gone is 5 days and I'm subscribed to Klonopin...So I thought that being home for a month would help me that I could take a couple weeks off- but now that I'm around my abuser again I can't take it and it's triggering me to drink more now. ..I want to quit but because of that is so tied in with how much I weight (I'm 5'5 and 120 lbs now I was 105 when I started drinking but have been stable for the past few months or so) it's kind of a weak motivator since both being skinnier and drinking are things that my brain associates with feeling good and obviously drinking is much easier than losing the 15 pounds I gained...Sorry this is so long I just had to dump this all...By the way I live alone in Korea and I speak the language pretty well but I don't live in a major city like Seoul or Busan. This is another factor....
----------immediate responses--------

You are very strong to seek help and share this. I can't imagine how dealing with some of those things must feel. I can only speak to the drinking but will attempt to do so with your story in mind. ..I found in a lot of ways my mind was being stupid about how it used its time. My mind wanted to drink to avoid thinking about bad things. The things that triggered me to drink as you say. Those things may not be similar to yours but the concept may be the same. ..So I'd drink and forget or at least dull for some 4-6 hours. But what happened then? I'd wake up hungover and be consumed by shame guilt and perhaps most importantly I'd be thinking about the same things that were upsetting me. But this time I was physically ill and mentally fragile from poisoning myself all night...So you see on a very basic level it didn't add up. 4 hours of forgetting wasn't worth 8+ of suffering. ..When I drank I weakened my ability to face the issues I had. They were *worse*. And I needed to really slam that truth into my head so I could cut the habit. .. I am so sorry to hear about what happened to you and your family. I wish I were better equipped to support you there but I'm not. I know other lovely people in this subreddit may be able to offer more specific advice and point you in the right direction. ..All I can offer is this: the alcohol is lying to you. You've shown great strength in sharing this and in overcoming what you've faced. I have full confidence that you can see through alcohol and conquer that too. :)
Your situation though not common is not unique.    .You are brave and wise to start sharing this because the secrets will increase shame and will only intensify.      .I have been in AA long enough to have heard various versions of this story.    . Recovery is possible with help of various kinds.  Exactly what is available to you in Korea I do not pretend to know and understand there will be cultural challenges...Good luck you have made contact so you are not as alone as you would otherwise be that is a start.
You can attend online SMART meetings -  www.SMARTrecovery.org..There you will also find loads of literature/tools for dealing with unhealthy behaviors/habits (including your anorexia) and dealing with your past..You are embarking on a journey.  The drinking and anorexia are symptoms;  they are maladaptive coping mechanisms that you developed in order to "deal" with the trauma in your life.  You can learn new ways of coping and get these monkeys off your back so that you can lead a happy productive life..Good for you for reaching out and starting this journey. .I am reading "From Death Do I Part" by Amy Lee Coy.  It's available on Kindle for $10.   Good simple read on one woman's journey to freedom from drugs alcohol and eating disorders..You can do this.  
Unfortuneatly your story is quite familiar. There are lots of alcoholics with a history of being abused. I am very sorry you went through that. Recovery is possible...I also had anorexia when I started to fall into alcoholism. I was diagnosed anorexic at 18 years old and I qualified to be an alcoholic when I was around 22. ..I really relate to your weight being tied to the weight. ..I am going to be honest here anorexia and alcoholism are both nasty life-threatening illnesses. Together they are even worse. I was very sick by the end of dealing with both for years and years. I needed rehab. It saved my life...In my opinion recovering from alcoholism is a requirement for dealing with the eating disorder. ..PM me if you want.
You are definitely not unique. Of most of my female friends in recovery I can name only 2 who have not struggled with food as well. I can't name any that haven't been through trauma. You're in good company...I attend a women's 12 step group it includes AA Al-Anon NA CA Overeaters Anon etc. We focus on emotional sobriety and without that I would have kept switching between control oriented behaviors every time I got stressed out and could handle my feelings. I'll be honest that's what I did. It sounds like that's what you're doing switching from one pattern to another as soon as one gets too intense. Probably not intentionally but it's definitely something you do to protect yourself you know?. .It's good you see this pattern but it's up to you to decide to change too. You won't be able to find happier if you just switch from one form of self harm to another and all programs require rigorous honesty about what is and what isn't self harm (hint: 105 at 5'5 is not a healthy weight as an adult.) ..Therapy women's self help groups deciding what you want in life. I don't want to tell you stop drinking just so you can drive yourself crazy to lose weight again that's not healthy. 
You are NOT unique.  Please get some professional help.  But as far as drinking and drug use you can address that one day at a time provided you are physically healthy.  Good luck I hope you find peace and recovery.
