-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1lpt8f/health_issues_from_drinking/

I am 23 years old now and have been drinking since I was about 16. I was a really shy kid and quickly discovered that alcohol made me outgoing fun easier to make friends etc. and felt like almost a different  (cooler) person when drinking. My body has never really liked alcohol almost every time I drank then (even small amounts) I would throw up and feel terrible the next day but I thought these were just regular hangover symptoms. Being in high school I didn't have easy access to alcohol so I only drank at parties about once a month but could never resist if it was around...Fast forward to college went to a notorious party school and got my first fake ID. I was hitting the bars every weekend (college weekends so that includes Thursday!) still puking and having bad hangovers. I also then started doing a lot of things drunk that I would never do sober like sleeping around leaving my friends without telling them where I was going etc. Everyone knew I liked to party and I had the reputation that I was always down to go out. But I still graduated early had good grades and didn't feel like alcohol was affecting me that much. ..After college I got my first job in NYC and working in finance means happy hours with colleagues 2-3 times a week plus going out with my non-work friends every weekend. And I definitely have an issue with saying "No" to another drink until it's too late so every time I drank would be at least 5-6 drinks (more on weekends). I was constantly hungover at work my performance didn't suffer but I felt TERRIBLE all day throwing up 5 or 6 times a day sometimes on days not even after drinking. I've been in NYC for about 2 years now and just recently had to take medical leave to look into my "GI Issues". ..But I've known it was the alcohol all along. My doctor has told me that I've developed gastritis and IBS and that stopping drinking will help but even with that diagnosis and how terrible I felt I still want to drink. I knew it would be a struggle with my friends in NYC so I am taking this leave at home where my parents are but still sneak beers and liquor from their cabinets which they have started to notice. My parents have cleared out all the alcohol from the house but I will have to return to work at the end of this month and feel like I will immediately fall back into my old habits and friends until these health issues become irreversible. Has anyone else experienced this?  
----------immediate responses--------

My story isn't identical but I have IBS. I was diagnosed with it when I was 19 about the time I started drinking actually. While since I have stopped drinking it's still there I don't think it's directly alcohol causing it it's the emotional rollercoaster alcohol creates the anxiety etc. My emotions have been leveling out for the past couple of weeks now and everything IBS related is better but I don't really expect it fully disappear...IBS is horrible I hope you don't suffer from it as long as I have (nearly 10 years now)..Stop drinking and see how you get on you might find it gets better. 
Alcohol is an irritant and an anesthetizing agent.       ..It irritates the lining of the GI tract. Try rubbing alcohol on your skin in the same spot day after day and see what happens.    ..While irritating it is anesthetizing or numbing. Your GI tract ironically feels better when you drink. ..Alcohol's paradoxical characteristics are an example of the cycle of addiction. What hurts us also seems to help. ..You are on the path to a painful life and eventual death if you continue drinking. Alcohol can easily cause an ulcer and you could bleed to death. If you want to live get a grip and grow up. 
I've been an alcoholic about as long as you've been alive.  Take it from me.  If you can stop now do it.  It will be worth it for your health in the long run.  In no time you will be 30 and then 40.  Time really flies especially when so much of your life is in a drunken stupor like mine was.  
Alcohol is an irritant an anesthesia and a depressant; setting this aside--all of the pain killers we take to cope with the headaches and hangovers; and psychotropic meds make a killer mix for our liver kidneys intestines and other organs.  When I stopped drinking; the tinnitus that had been bothering me for two years went away so did the "flu."  Tinnitus is a side effect of too much tylenol; the flu going away meant that I could actually take a sh#t that was not some sort of disgusting flood.  I was able to sleep through the night because my kidneys and bladder weren't demanding that I empty them.  The reality was that when I stopped drinking I stopped killing myself on the express-plan.  I recovered physically.  Now here's the thing that took me much longer to figure out my disorder centered in my mind and not in my behavior.  My alcohol problem was an obsession my drinking which was killing me physically--was but a symptom of my mental disorder.  To treat that underlying disorder I needed recovery which I found through AA meetings and the 12 Steps.  Good luck to you.
Yes I had terrible GI issues towards the end of my drinking career that persisted through the early months of attempting to quit and even thereafter. When I relapsed a month ago they came back astoundingly quickly -- like within a couple days. I also developed alcoholic hepatitis and my liver function scores were fucked for a couple months after I quit. My advice to you: quit while you're ahead!
What everyone else is posting is true and probably what's going on with you. BUT there could be another reason alcohol affects you so terribly...There's a genetic variation in which some people produce less of an enzyme called aldehyde dehydrogenase. This is (i think) more common in people of Asian descent as well as American Indian. ..The deficiency in this enzyme means that the alcohol is metabolised much more slowly than people that have a normal amount of the enzyme...For more info read [here](http://dailyuw.com/archive/2003/03/11/imported/asian-glow-explained#.UigDcFdBNyI)
