-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1lwhhw/ive_relapsed/

Hi.. I have never posted here before.....  I was sober for 30 days until Tuesday morning. No cigarettes no alcohol. ..Then I started drinking hard until Thursday. I am sober now but I feel like such a failure. Im a young man who gave in. Now I have to start all over again..Ive lied to myself and my family so much. I am lost. I have come to understand I cant do it alone. Its just too hard. I could use someone to talk to.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm finishing up day four sober after an excessively long and shitty relapse. All I can say is don't beat yourself up or get lost in the feeling of failure. Just acknowledge what went wrong get back on the wagon and keep going. We're here for you...This is what I'm telling myself...
Alcoholism is a disease of the mind not morals. It is real so just not drinking does not help just makes you miserable.  Yea I have tried that and only lasted about a week. You have more willpower than me you went 30 days.  The first thing my sponsor told me was...... "things will not change until you change and you won't change until you do the steps". She was referring to the 12 steps of alcoholics anonymous and she was dead on right.  She has been sober 23 years and she is happy and has serenity.  I NEEDED her to teach me how to be like her. Today I feel I have reached a place where I have everything I need friends who (really) care and a life I never knew I wanted.  I never knew who I was!....... just try even if you don't like it it was just a waste of time
Do not dwell on being a "failure" that is your word and you are entitled to use it but learn from your experience. What was different about Thursday? ..One thing that really helps me is spending 20 mins twice a day reading this forum. I have learned I am not alone. I see myself in the the  struggles successes and setbacks. I have learned there are many paths to sobriety and sober living and each of us are on a unique journey however I see the commonalities too. I invite you to daily read this forum and to look for yourself in the posts and comments... and to look for the lessons and inspiration therein...Good Luck.
Sorry to hear about that. But don't beat yourself up over it. I relapsed many many times before I started to get the hang of what it really took to stay sober. You're not starting over - I bet you learned a ton about yourself over those 30 days and you can learn even more this go around...Talking to others definitely helps whether it's on here the chat room AA SMART a therapist a friend... There's no shame in asking for help. We all do it together one day at a time. Hang in there!
Good job coming back here.  Back on the horse and all that. 30 days is nothing to sneeze at.  
I'm a baseball coach so I'll share the analogy I plan to use should I relapse. And that I tell my players all the time. .."The last (pitch play at bat) is over focus on the next (pitch play at bat) as it's the one that matters now."
