-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1m3kmb/sobering_is_a_long_process_one_month/

I need to write. Yesterday could have gone many ways. Today I'm feeling a little shaky but determined...I've been trying for so long to make a change about my attitude towards alcohol however never really admitting true addiction...I'm of the caliber that drinks until I can't. I almost exclusively drink alone. (Always preferred it that way seeing how madly abnormal my personality gets and acts when and while I'm drunk.) The thing is though there's *always* a few too many. This I have realized is my core of addiction...I see I have no alternative in moderation as my desire to drink until I pass is my goal and endmission. I actually like the hangovers. I can't excuse myself to "experiment" with moderation any further because it has never worked for me. ..To get me back to drinking I try make a point out of committing more being more mature this time around stopping before that certain point is crossed but it never works out. I need to acknowledge that and accept my nature of craving the chase...One month ago I came back from a weeklong vacation having managed to reach a streak of almost 60 days just before cut short by peer pressure and my own arrogance on the trip. I let it happen. I wanted it to...Becoming another revelation in my addiction feeling so miserable and so alone when I got back I managed to motivate the depressed to reattempt abstinence and flushed the last latent booze out of my apartment (don't ask why I still had the enemy around) feeling good and proud about the marking ritual and dicipline it took for me to do so...Skip forward; yesterday my urges hit me like a ton of soaked boozebricks and I considered getting wasted just a little bit just for a day or so concentrated wallowing nothing serious alot of lies...It was tough fighting that impulse but I ended up not making it a reality. Holding on to my reasons and aspirations it was still a near relapse. (Where I live we got closing hours for getting fixed so my eyes were constantly on the clock contemplating. That scares me.)..Today after a nights sleep I feel composed of the ideal ideas that I want to strive for and the bodily discomfort and high-strung restlessness I felt yesterday has left me atleast for a while...To a new month brothers and sisters!
----------immediate responses--------

I too was a loner.  (Even in a crowd) I found a good number of other loners like me in AA.  ..Yeah I know...But really it helped me.  There are alternatives and results may vary but consider it it might get you out of this cycle.
I think most of us are/were loners.  Oh I drank with others until they went home or I went home and I could finally drink the way I wanted to into a stupor.  That's why recovery can be so daunting.  I drank alone now you want me to sit in rooms full of "fake"-happy recovering sorts?!  No way.  But the pain of continuing to drink and consequences of drinking made me willing to try anything.  Surprise per usual--everything I thought I knew was wrong and I've been able to recover.  
A long process one step at a time. Good on you for 31 days. For me once I started to put as much effort into my sobriety as I put into making sure I had enough to drink things got easier. Part of that was learning how to deal with my brain. Turns out it's a really unreliable source of info and best practices for maintaining sobriety! I got help through AA. Lucky for you - and all of us - help is out there: AA SMART etc. ..Keep us posted! 
Good post enjoyed reading and seeing some of the same thought patterns i struggle with..Good luck m8.
To a new month.
Sounds like your going at this alone just like your drinking.  Have you thought of joining a program?
There are a few positive things you can do to help yourself.  Multivitamins and vitamin "B" complex.  As an anxiety sufferer I have found "Tension Tamer" tea made by Celestial Seasonings is something that takes the edge off my anxiety and may do something in the evenings for you...I know what you mean OP when you talk about "clock-watching". Every night at 10:45 I would "flinch".  That was the cut-off point to leave for the liquor store to "top off" for the night.  Took over a year after quitting for this 'reflex' to stop...Edit: Sp.
