-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1m9kdi/is_it_possible/

Is it possible after a extended break to control your drinking? I have a problem when I drink I drink way too much and black out and do stupid lifechanging shit. I am only 21 at the moment and have been drinking for 5 years. I was curious though After a good long break is it possible to enjoy a few beers with close bud or will I eventually relapse. I guess I just want some input on this thought.
----------immediate responses--------

You can't control your drinking now. If you were able to control it wouldn't you have done so already?  How would taking a break change anything?  ..I'm sure you never intended to be in this predicament.  If it's already happened once when you didn't intend it to how can you say it won't happen again?..An alcoholic is addicted to alcohol both mentally and physically.  Think of your question like this:  Can a pack-a-day smoker learn to smoke only a couple cigarettes per week after taking an extended break from smoking?  .
I would be very afraid to try despite quite an extended break and a profound change in who I am - I am not the person who got drunk back when...First what would be the upside? Not getting drunk?   I already do that.   .Tasting wine again?  Do not miss it...Second the downside could be really bad.  Have heard stories of those who picked up after long periods and the ones who made it back to AA report misery calamity and other bad things. They usually started moderately and sooner or later were back to full shit...I suppose there *could be* a subset who are drinking "successfully".   No where near worth it for me to find out.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Revisit that thought in a year.  I have a feeling you won't have any interest at that point.  I had a couple nonalcoholic beers last weekend.  I didn't want a real one the taste was there without all of the bad stuff.  I understand that many here frown on this but it worked for me.  I am a long way from home.  I take it one day at a time.  
If you have the disease of alcoholism it is not possible to control drinking no matter how long the break. I don't know if you have the diseae but black outs are one of the symptoms. Another is high tolerance meaning you can drink more than the average person and still function. If there is history of alcohol abuse in your family it puts you at high risk also. ..What's good is that you are asking the question at a young age. 
It sounds like you drank how I did. Sometimes I would black out sometimes I wouldn't. Every time I would drink I would just go until I blacked out or ran out and then whatever happened happened...I took a break from 19-21 (23 now drank from 16-19 started back once I was 21). I thought oh I've been good for a while why don't I see how this goes?..Two DUIs later and morning drinking (at fucking 22) and I realized I don't drink like other people. I can't drink one or two because what's the point? If I drink I'm going to drink all I possibly can and saying "oh one or two" is going to turn into three and four. Only weekends will turn into Thursday nights and then Monday and Tuesday. Then after 5:00. Then after 1:00. Then I'm sitting in the parking lot waiting for the liquor store to open before I go to class...One or two doesn't work for me. It's all or nothing. When I drink shit goes down I'd rather not drink...If you feel like talking feel free to PM me. 
My unscientific sense is that most people who post here have tried to moderate and all have failed.  So.  I think those people who are naturally inclined to moderate don't really think about it or struggle with it??  Like those people I used to always watch in social situations and think "HOW CAN THEY STILL HAVE HALF A BEER LEFT?!"  I... don't get it.  And I guess I never will. 
[deleted]
My dad quit for 10 years one day he decided to pick back up.  It started out with just a couple drinks here and there but for about 3 years now he drinks every day that he has money for it he has no money doesn't work and he doesn't care.
We have all asked this question at some point or another.  The answer for me is no...
