-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1man3l/major_success_one_of_the_biggest_in_my_life/

Warning: I'm rambling a bit.....Some people I work with know my Reddit account and frankly don't need to know about my personal struggles so that's why I'm on a throwaway. (If it was just internet people that knew my account I wouldn't bother hehe)..Anyway I started drinking around 18 years old. I was severely depressed with bipolar II (which is basically bipolar with longer and less extreme shifts between hypomanic and depressive episodes) and PTSD. I realized really quickly that it made me feel a lot better and by the time I was in my early twenties I was drinking 4-7 times a week. (I'd only stop drinking if I was still hungover from the night before)..This continued on and off (mostly on) until now - 28. I 'quit' a few times prescribing to the 'I'm an alcoholic I'm powerless it's a disease' idea which made it very easy not to blame myself when I fucked up and had a drink. Shit I had one drink what's two? What's three? What's the rest of the bottle? And like that I was back at it...Finally I had enough a few months ago - nothing in particular set it off. No super low point no waking up in a ditch. No DUIs no arrests etc. I was just tired of it. I tried again to quit looking at it as 'I'm an alcoholic' and relied on my willpower to resist a part of myself that I was convinced was just helpless. It didn't work...I decided to tackle it from another direction. That direction was "Fuck you me." I was self-destructive and I know that I was killing myself - shit I've probably shaved years off my life already. My brain would tell me that a drink sounded great and I would tell myself to fuck off. I'd have arguments with myself (no voices I'm not that crazy) and I'd win. (This might be a silver lining of PTSD - I'm very good at dissociation I can basically tune out any situation at will and I was able to separate the part of myself that wanted to drink from the part of myself that knew it was harmful with a little practice)..I left a few beers in the fridge simply because I didn't want to touch them. After a week of no drinking (and constantly telling myself to shut the fuck up) my dog was hit by a car and killed. By far the best friend I've ever had and it hit me harder than any other death. I had to walk out into the road pick up his ~100lb corpse carry him to my car then drive him 2 hours to the closest open 24/7 animal hospital. I've never cried so much in my life...I still didn't drink. I told myself that it would only make things worse and it was tough but I didn't...A big help was my fiancee - she didn't pressure me at all but I didn't want to disappoint her either. She didn't tell me I can't drink... which helps since when somebody tells me not to do something it makes me want to do it even more...So I got through that without drinking...Last week I went to an out of state week long professional training seminar and was alone in my hotel room all week. The second night I decided 'Well I'm not going to disappoint her if she doesn't know and I've been so good a few beers wouldn't hurt.' I went to the store walked to the liquor section looked at the beers and just thought to myself... 'I don't really want it'. It wasn't a forced thought like I've been having to do it was a genuine honest and 100% natural thought. I walked out of the store with no beer and I felt great. I didn't feel like I was depriving myself of something...The next night a few of the guys I met at the training went to a Margaritas for dinner. Everybody ordered margaritas (obviously) and when the waitress got to me I just ordered a soda. She asked if I was sure I didn't want a margarita and I didn't even have to think about it. I was sure...I've heard before that 30 days makes a habit. It's been a bit over 30 days and it's worked. I don't feel like an alcoholic I don't feel tempted to have a drink even if it's in front of me. The key (I think) was constantly telling myself "I'm never going to drink again. It's just not for me." I believe it now because it's true...In the past month I've been in one of the most horribly depressing times of my life (a grieving depression rather than the usual apathetic depression) and another case where I had nobody to be accountable to but myself - and I did it...That beer is still sitting in the fridge untouched.
----------immediate responses--------

hey man great job. that sounds really tough to get through...i can't go by without recommending you get rid of the beer. it looms you're thinking about it. so much easier to just not have it. :)..good work 
Awesome to read! Keep it up. Just never accept that it's over it'll always be there but it's you that has the upper hand not the booze anymore
I am so terribly sorry about your dog. Heartbreaking. When I first stopped drinking crazy as it may sound one big motivator for me was: I can't look those two in the eye and say mommy's too hungover to go the woods ...again...I'm so sorry but very glad you were able to stay sober.
[deleted]
Condolences on your dog.  Great work staying sober particularly through such a difficult time. 
Wow that truly sucks about your dog.  Sorry!..Solo business trips were the worst for me.  No supervision no prying eyes no one to judge me.   Any time not actively working or passed out I was drinking...Congrats on your attitude I'm starting to feel the same way.
