-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1me439/its_only_the_start_of_my_3rd_day_and_its_already/

About a year ago I realized that I have a problem. Tried to put the bottle down but haven't done so for more than a day (as a side note i've posted on here before have wanted to quit for some time)...I don't think I can quit completely so I told myself that I will only drink when I'm with other people. The other day I overdid it. Kind of messed up with the girl I'm talking to. Pulled over by the cops for public intoxication. Lost $150...I always feel ashamed after days like this. But I really mean it this time. I've called my mom and sister (first time in about a year for my sister) and some other people to keep myself accountable. I want this so bad but I felt like shit yesterday and got some good sleep in thinking I would feel better. ..It's just as bad today...I'm not thinking of drinking right now but wether I can see it through. And constantly wondering and seeing the struggle ahead is exhausting. For now I'm exercising and reading the AA book...Any tips? I don't want to replace alcohol with something else (like coffee or something). Unless that has helped you I'll try it. Open to any suggestions..Just wanted to thank you guys. A few of you have said just take it one day at a time. Did not know what that originally meant. My mood the past few days have been....gloomy i guess i'd say. Thinking of how hard it is going to be to go a month year whatever without a drink. But I get it now. I've got another day under my belt...And to add this is the only time in years i've gone more than a day or two without a drink and those days were due to being broke. Not the case this time. And it is the first time I've felt "proud" of myself in a long time. Thank you guys this is a great community of people.
----------immediate responses--------

You are going to feel crappy. That's alcohol leaving your system and a reminder of how miserable it makes you. Hang on. It gets better. What helped me was going to AA meetings. Just being in a room with people who understand is strangely comforting. Doing this alone is lonely; success is less likely. ..You are hungry for recovery but it takes time effort and action. Get some exercise. Drink lots of water. Distract yourself with a hobby-- cleaning out your desk or a closet video games movies. Be with people. Hang around with friends who are not drinking. Don't have alcohol in your home. Stay out of bars. That's what worked for me. Think about how long you have abused alcohol. It's going to take more than three days for your body and brain to find equilibrium. Life will definitely improve. I wish you the best. Again go to an AA meeting. It helps.
Sugar and chocolate can help cravings.  I found it helpful to always have a non alcoholic drink in my hand.  Soda water and lime have worked for me.  Good luck just get through today.
For the first few weeks I wouldnt worry so much about replacing with something if a soda is going to help you to stay sober that day then drink a soda. I'd suggest as many AA meetings or other type meetings you can get to if only for the fact that you will develop. a sober network of people to help you. And like the AAers say one day at a time just focus on not drinking TODAY and worry about tomorrow when it comes. Good luck !
You're way ahead of where I was on day 3.  I was still hiding in my bed in a dark bedroom...Day 4 I headed to a meeting and then started walking the dog learning to crochet cleaning the house washing the dog brushing the dog washing my clothes watering the plants reading on here painting my nails plucking my eyebrows rearranging my closet washing my car so on and so forth...There is so much to do when I'm not drinking. I thought I would be bored but nothing could be further from truth than that. I enjoyed a beautiful fall day in the woods and at the lake with my daughter and dog and the bonus of it all is that I get to remember ALL of it. ..Try to redirect your focus on what is not there (alcohol) over to the potential of what is there for you whatever that may be.....Best to you. :)
Get the next 24 hours of sobriety under your belt and let's see how you feel.  Get to a recovery meeting of some sort.  It gets better and you will learn the precious lesson that all the pain and suffering--it passes.  
I can only speak to my personal experience but the first week or so was a constant emotional rollercoaster and it pulled into the station a while ago. I still have ups and downs but it got a lot better and easier. Hang in there! One day at a time one hour at a time one minute at a time if you have to.
Hey-- congrats on 4 days! and just commit to the next one being a sober day. Don't drink today. I started carrying around a water bottle and drinking a lot of Diet Coke... I also ate ice cream and cookies almost nonstop for my first week because of my cravings. It's totally normal; your body wants the sugars in alcohol. so indulge but indulge with fruit or sweets or anything else besides alcohol. And way to go with the exercising! It is amazing how much weight one can lose once he/she cuts out drinking. I lost a ton of weight simply from quitting and exercise will make you feel even stronger and more confident. ..Hang in there-- and please PM me anytime if you want to talk day 4 is fresh in my memory and I would be honored to support you however I can! We've got to stick together!!
[deleted]
