-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1mpgvr/1_year_sober_heres_how_i_marked_the_occasion/

I decided to share my experience strength and hope with my entire group of friends and acquaintances on Facebook. To a group of people that were in the dark about my addiction save for a few. ..We as alcoholics in recovery deal with this internal shame of doing something that is amazing and something that only 10% of people that try to quit actually succeed at doing. Personally I wanted to share that struggle with others in hopes that there may be someone out there that reads it and decides to take the first step because they see a person that they know that went through hell and lived to speak about it... Below is the post that I shared:..>What a long strange year it's been let me rephrase that this has seemed like the fastest year of my life. Most people keep quiet about this sort of thing out of shame but I choose to share it in hopes there is someone out there where I was 1 year ago today and reading this provides the hope and motivation that they need to take the first step to change their life...>For the rest of my life I will be celebrating two birthdays April 14th the date of my birth and September 17th the date of my sobriety. Since 2005 I had slowly let alcohol take over my life until it caused me to drive away every member of my immediate family and most of my close friends that I have had for over fifteen years. I let alcohol destroy multiple careers and it brought my relationship with my wife to the point where bags were packed and I was left with a decision to make. Alcohol and it's associated withdrawal had put me in the hospital over ten times between 2009-2012 four of those times were by ambulance. Until the final time on September 17 2012 when I was again rushed to the hospital by ambulance in full Delirium tremens (DTs) and seizure...>It was that day that I made the decision to change my life or die. I entered a detox and from there spent 64 days in a rehabilitation treatment center. I have met countless people at every station in life from CEOs to homeless whose lives have been destroyed by alcohol but who have had the courage to identify the problem and make the decision to change. I wake up every day thankful for Transformations treatment center.in Delray and the path that they set me on...>The past year of my life has been amazing. I am now on a long term open ended contract with Apple. I am starting to get healthier than I have been in five years and the pieces are starting to put themselves back together one day at a time...>There is no possible way this would have happened without the love and support of my wife and partner for life redacted for whom I am forever greatful and the two friends and who I consider family redacted and redacted who no matter how much of a shit I was and how much I tried they wouldn't let me push them away...>So I toast you all with my jug of coffee this morning as I celebrate one year of sobriety and look forward to the forty or so in front of me...The reaction was amazing with nothing but words or encouragement and admiration of my courage... I know doing this is not for everyone but for me it's one less skeleton in the closet. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats friend.  From your description it's clear you've come back from an astonishingly difficult place.  You did it!  
Congrats! I've got a month to go!
Wow...good for you.
Truly inspiring.  That took a lot of courage to share that openly with your "Facebook Family".  Congrats on a year!
That is very cool.  Thanks for sharing. 
Congrats bro. Delray Beach represent! Did you go to Central House AA meetings while there? Still remember that cast of characters the ocean breeze crappy coffee and cigarette smoke 25 plus years later.
I wish more people could read this! Congrats.
