-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1mtzma/questions_about_panic_attacks_and_antianxiety/

So it's been almost 50 days since I have had a drink however in that time I have been struggling with severe panic attacks much worse than usual (these predate my drinking) I have ended up in the emergency room on a few occasions thinking I am going to have a heart attack. The doctors assure me I am fine and healthy and I was prescribed Etizolam to take whenever an attack occurs. ..Now since then I have taken the medicine and felt a lot better however the effects are similar to alcohol. I asked several different doctors if it was ok for a person with alcohol dependence to take it and then all said it should be fine. However I am having trouble believing this. ..The problem is have been getting alcohol cravings recently. I'm 50 days in is it normal to still be experiencing cravings? I am worried that the medicine is messing with my recovery. Is taking anti-anxiety meds while being sober "cheating"? Is it possible these are stretching out my withdrawal? Is it possible that I am going to end up addicted to these? I am very worried and stressed out...Thank you for listening... 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey anxietyaway you are my brother/sister in arms.  I have the exact same background as you and have struggled with the same questions.  I'll offer my opinion but I'm unsure of what the "correct" answer is.  I just know my specific experiences...I'm 62 days in and I still have cravings for alcohol.  After reading r/stopdrinking I don't think the cravings will go away but they're certainly more manageable than being drunk or hungover all the time...In my experience benzos make me feel like I've had a few drinks.  You need to be honest with yourself when deciding whether or not you need to take the medicine.  I've noticed that my mind sabotages me and I convince myself that I need a drink or I need a pill when really I just want an easy way out.  Sometimes I just want a chemical to make me relax (this even happened to me when I had a pain killer prescription after a car accident).  Anxiety is a legitimate problem and the medicine is a tool to help you solve it.  However I personally feel like I am playing with fire when I have this medicine.  ..I think the best way to use anxiety treatment and medicine is sparingly.  I take the medicine only when I cannot calm myself down through natural methods.  I like to read about buddhism stoicism etc. and understand that panic attacks cannot harm me and that it's just pain I have to push through.  Also I try to get lots of cardio exercise that really helps to calm me down.  It just burns off all the excess nervous energy that I have.  Cognitive behavior therapy is greatly helpful too.  It basically helps you to face your fears and re-teach your mind that you don't need to panic in a given situation.  When all of these fail is when I take the medicine which has stopped happening all together for me now that I've stopped drinking...Bear in mind with anxiety a lot of things become a self-fulfilling prophecy.  Do not underestimate the power of positive thinking.  You posted here because you care about your health so you WILL be a healthy person :)  I'm not worried about you OP because you care about yourself and you will do the right thing when it comes to your sobriety and your life.  ..It's a lot of work and it's a huge pain in the ass.  I like to think of it as a Chinese finger trap.  The harder you fight your panic the worse it gets.  The trick to escaping is to relax yourself and the trap will fall right off your fingers.  
If you are taking them as prescribed you are not abusing them and shouldn't be concerned. If you are not taking them as prescribed that could be a problem...Cravings can happen for years and years. They pop up once in awhile for me and I've heard oldtimers have random cravings 20-30 years after they quit. There is hope though...At 50 days it's quite normal you're experiencing cravings. ..Talk to your doctor about the concerns you're having.
Hi there!  I'm not a doctor but I'm pretty well versed in common psychiatric medications.  Etiozolam is what's called a benzodiazepine.  That means it works on the same neuro transmitter system as alcohol but instead of flushing more of the transmitter into your brain it makes your brain a little more sensitive to the tranitters already there.  Generally this is used as a short term option before starting therapy (which is remarkably effective for controlling panic attacks particularly cbt); alternatively modern antidepressants are extremely effective at controlling panic attacks and may be anothe option.  You should speak to your doctor if you have any concerns.
