-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1mxedg/my_story_in_brief/

	I started drinking at 15 and first started to regulate my drinking at 17. It was clear very early that I didn't drink like others. I would drink too much and make a fool out of myself at parties. I got my first drinking-related nickname around this time:  The Guy.  As in: Who is that guy who is completely plastered. Needless to say I didn't get laid in high school and strongly clung to my identity as a rebel.	..Booze made me feel confident powerful and removed my anxiety. In college my drinking accelerated due to lack of parental oversight and a culture that rewarded heavy drinking. Again I was the guy who drank too much even among heavy drinkers. Somehow I managed to keep my drinking to the weekends and was able to be successful in school and maintain relationships. I started to go on benders on the weekends and finally aroused concern in my roommates and myself. I resolved to stop went to AA for a few months and stayed sober for 11 with one relapse lasting a single night about 9 months in. I never got a sponsor. I never worked the steps. I identified with people's stories but thought I was smart enough to do it alone. After 11 months a roommate convinced me to go back out. ..	I spent the next 9 years trying to moderate my drinking. I tried every method under the sun and had enough success that I was able to deny my problem for this time. It wasn't every time I drank that I lost control but I could never be sure when 2 would turn into 10 and when 10 would turn into a bender. I think the responsibilities that my career required again forced me to keep the drinking to the weekends which may have limited some of the damage my drinking caused. Finally I realized that I had a mental obsession with drinking and a physical reaction such that the first drink or two often led to many more. I stopped debating about the definition of alcoholism. I stopped for probably the 5th or 6th time still unsure how long I would abstain. I was skeptical that I could maintain sobriety and worried that I would not enjoy living sober. ..	About a month in I decided I would give AA another shot. But this time I would leave all my preconceptions at the door. Being an atheist this was not easy. I met my sponsor at my first meeting and dove in. I attended around 4-5 meetings a week for the first 90 days and have maintained that average. I work the steps. I call my sponsor. I have replaced my old drinking routine with more fulfilling activities. I didn't let the God thing get in my way. ..	Every area of my life is better now. Social life sex life work life. I sleep less and am better rested. I worry about the future far less. I react better to life stressors. I am involved in a wider array of activities. My relationships are more honest. I also have a clearer perspective on my life. I was under the illusion that I had sheltered all areas of my life from my drinking. I know realize this is not true. In sobriety I have lost nothing of value and gained more than I could have dreamt. I look forward to see what the future brings..
----------immediate responses--------

