-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1mznh5/am_i_not_alone_with_this/

Hey all.So I've been doing lots of soul searching these last two years. I did a lot of coke alcohol weed & E for 2 years until about a year and a half ago. The blow became the main thing I got hooked on (& unlike others I didn't see alcohol as the main source of my problems but I thought the coke was). Alcohol was always there and I just drank it just like cigarettes when I was doing drugs. It had to be there. I guess you can say my addictive personality made me a binge drinker & when I finally stopped doing coke I try to compensate the loss with alcohol so my consumption went straight stupid. I'd spend $200 at clubs on drinks in one night. I eventually relapsed on coke because of drinking. It's always the drinking that gives me major coke cravings. I then realized I  was dependent on alcohol in a lot of social situations and I'd only enjoy going out if I could drink. I'd get nervous & had no interest in people if I wasn't having a drink. It just had to be there to get me loose & happier. When I'd go out on a date I'd drink a 40oz beforehand so I could be more relaxed. I used to drink almost daily but now it's more the weekends. Anyhow my personality won't stop after drinking one beer. I can't control it I go all or nothing & drink until I end up puking/ sleepy/ or end up doing blow. It's been so many times when I'd buy a six pack for the whole week but end up drinking the whole thing within 2 hours. I didn't even black out anymore. This way of drinking is alcoholism isn't it? The need to drink to make me less shy is something that is very obvious to me. I haven't had a drink in 8 days and I feel good. For some reason I am curious again as If I've never done it and there's nothing more that I want than a nice pitcher some blow and a cigarette.
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone in this. It's actually a pretty common cycle...http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cocaethylene
The NEED to drink for any reason is a problem. You have an addictive personality if you accept that then you can keep it in your head not to take that first step. I was (am) the same way. As long as I don't start all is well. But once the train starts rolling it won't stop until my body gives out. 
Not being able to control yourself after 1 drink has nothing to do with your personality it's all about addiction.  At the very least it sounds like you are addicted to alcohol.  You might be an alcoholic as well.  There are different types of alcoholics. Some drink every day some are binge drinkers. Some always drink to blackout some rarely black out.  Some do and say things they later regret others keep themselves under control. It's a wide spectrum.  To me the questions to ask are: are you using alcohol for its effects (i.e. as a drug) and is it negatively impacting your life?  [There is a test linked in the sidebar you might find it helpful.](http://stop.zzl.org/quizzes/audit.php)..Whether you are an alcoholic or not it sounds like your life would improve if you removed alcohol from it. Are you willing to do that?
Hey congrats on your 8 days.  I know that feeling of not being able to control oneself.  I don't like it! I have found getting a badge and posting here very useful.
Hey congrats on your 8 days.  I know that feeling of not being able to control oneself.  I don't like it! I have found getting a badge and posting here very useful.
