-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nanyx/im_having_some_trouble_with_my_sobriety_any/

Today is day 128.  I haven't had a craving in any real sense for the last 30.  I still don't not tonight the first night in awhile I've felt like it's threatened.  ..I apologize in advance for too much text.  I tend to be one verbose motherfucker.  ..I'm only sober now because my ex broke up with me and cited alcohol as one of the reasons why she did it.  The pain of losing her was too much for the lesson to not be learned.  Although I had stopped drinking before it happened I doubt that I'd have a streak as long as I do if she hadn't or if she had not said so.  Improving relations with her was my prime motivation. ..So my shrink said he doubted I was an alcoholic but to do a 100 days to prove it one way or another.  I did.  And at the end he said congrats you're not an addict I know because I am one.  Confetti cake balloons yadda-yadda and I say I'm going to continue my sober streak because even though NOTHING in my life has improved drinking doesn't change that.  So why not?..Two weeks ago my ex messages me.  She's in a program for self improvement and it's a really good step for her.  I want to be supportive I am happy to be talking to her but...I can't stop wishing there was more.  I love her.  I'm crazy about her.  I'd never felt about anything for a day the way I've felt about her for years.  And here she is another 11 weeks into this program and she just...nothing is going to happen between us during it.  Or after.  I have a feeling in my gut that when it's all wrapped up she's going to go home and say we need to stop talking again.  Immediately or after the holidays.  ..And I can't stop thinking about her fucking other men since she messaged me.  It would seem these programs are well known hotbeds for hookups.  Once she said that the men were outnumbered more than 3 to 1 and were making their way around the women?  The thoughts have popped into my head every few hours since...So here she is and everything is getting better for her but I'm still the same old jealous angry jerk I've always been.  I'm happy for her but I still want to break the wrist of any man who touches her...That's my struggle right now.  I feel like I have absolutely nothing to be sober for...I have an appointment with my shrink in the next 12 hours.  I have Breaking Bad to look forward to.  I have my projects and my schedules and have never been happier with myself as a person.  But no I have nothing to lose.  And I don't think that once I start drinking I won't be able to stop again.  And in a way it would be so much easier to just drown myself in beer and stay something stupid to her while drunk and chase her away again...Help me.  Tell me where you've been and how you got through it.
----------immediate responses--------

