-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nc5z0/my_mantra_for_the_day/

I have a friend who is struggling in her sobriety (relapse #2 last night) and I am having a hard time finding the balance between concern for and helping her and taking care of myself.  We came to our "end" of drinking from different paths mine with full knowledge that I was an alcoholic and had been for years while she was still in semi-denial shortly after she started going to AA meetings.  ..I honestly haven't had any cravings for alcohol since I started down my sober road but she does every single day.  When we have talked about this in the past she let me know that she feels so down that she still had the need/want to drink all the time.  She said that out of all of us in our home group she is the only one. I tried to explain to her how we came to our sobriety from different directions but mine was with stops and starts too before IT finally took and I truly let go.    Most of the others are 3+ years sober.  ..She stopped answering my texts this morning and I am really concerned for her...So later I decided that instead of beating myself up over my lack of being able to help a friend with something I have absolutely no control over I would go to the lake [and listen to the stillness] (http://i.imgur.com/jfnPcsc.jpg).  ..How have others here dealt with the struggles of friend's sobriety vs. keeping your own sanity/sobriety?..EDIT:  Heard from her via text. Her sponsor recommended rehab. She said that she didn't think she needed it. I texted that my therapist and doc had encouraged me to go to rehab but I "thought" (with my alcoholic's brain) that people...my family and co-workers couldn't get by without me and what a crock of shit that was. They couldn't get by WITH me and it just got worse from that point. Just as I sent the text she texted that she couldn't leave her kids and job to go to rehab. That gave her pause. I encouraged her to call someone else in the program who has had experience with relapse. 
----------immediate responses--------

/r/alanon. And alanon itself is a big help...In short you are powerless over alcohol in some one else's life...It takes every drink we have to drink to get here.
Denial is the dealbreaker for me. Denial can be contagious. I wouldn't want to be around it. 
With every bottom there is a trapdoor with another bottom below it.  ..It's sooo hard watching a friend in recovery slip away but there's not anything that you can do except be there for them when they decide to give sobriety another shot.  Al-Anon can really help with working with the concept of loving detachment.  ..Hang in there and congrats on the 114 days.
thats a beautiful lake and mantra.
