-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ndikt/daily_checkin_92913/

Too tired for Sunday Funday I'm going to be a grump and forego it tonight :P It'd be something about cymatics look it up and prepare to be amazed!..I'm glad that I asked about what gives people perspective yesterday as I found myself in an existential slump throughout the day. The small steps I've taken certainly seemed insignificant to the point of anguish. I reminded myself that all these little productive and positive things I've been doing will add up and will continue to help me grow. I nearly copped out of a meeting tonight but forced myself to despite how tired I was and I have to say I'm glad I did. Got called up to share forgot to introduce myself and fumbled through a couple of minutes on how I'd found myself struggling with the first step today (admitting that I'm powerless over alcohol...) I found that I was halfway to convincing myself that I'm fine. How quickly we forget...I had a few people speak to me afterwards to offer encouragement and relate their own experiences. I took a lot from that and will be dutifully hitting a beginner's group tomorrow. It takes a few hours out of my day with commute time and it's exhausting but goddamnit if I'm up against something so nefarious it can begin to convince me that the memories I hold are of a different person I need all the help I can get...Some good advice from an anon: 1. Don't pick up that first drink. 2. Attend regular meetings. 3. Stop listening to your mind for a while. I like the third one I spend too much time doing that...Alright I'm all questioned out for the time being so here's something super fun... It's ask me a question day! Hoorah! This is the most awesome lazy scheme I've come up with in a long time...Have a great one all! Be good take care enjoy life!
----------immediate responses--------

Favourite pie and ice cream combination. Very serious question.
It sounds simplistic *almost* to the point of insulting but I find it very important to remember:..Every day that you do not drink is an achievement. Period. ..No matter what else you have failed to accomplish or what frustrations you face or whatever effed up BS is going on if you don't drink you have achieved something. ..Just sayin'.
I truly think that it's all the little things that make the difference.  Glad to hear you're putting in the effort to hit up meetings.  I don't think we as alcoholics can ever be too confident in our fight.  It really only takes that one drink to erase all of the hard work. This is something I keep telling myself when I'm craving.  It takes one drink to restart the process.  I'm happy where I am right now I don't ever want to go back to that mess. ..Question: You've just been given $50 Million dollars no strings attached.  What do you do with it? ..Edit: a word
I hit a week today -- after a recent pattern of stumbling after 3 days 4 days 5 days.  I'm going to celebrate my week by not drinking today.  Cheers brothers and sisters.
Great working on sharing at your meeting today!..I'm out of town and missing my home meeting.  Think I'll make it up with a lunchtime one...Hmm... op... favorite outdoor activity? :)
Moved into new digs - now to unpack. WHERE TO BEGIN!..Long day ahead but feeling pretty good.
Checking in because today marks 4 months for me it's been good I think it's going to get better...Thanks to everyone who participates here. Some of the things I've read here have really stuck with me. ..
Sunday check in! Woke up and hit the driving range with my dad.  Ate a great breakfast and had an intense workout.  Cleaned up my place a bit and now watching football.  Got a date later on this evening and Breaking Bad series finale! Hope everyone is enjoying their Sunday :)..All the best
Had a great day today. Met a friend and went on a short 20 mile ride then we played a set of tennis. Then I had one of my favorite stopdrinking'ers over for dinner. ..What's one new thing you want to get into? ..One of my friends is trying to get me to try kayaking. I'm intrigued. 
