-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nea6i/small_victories_wedding_edition/

I had the champaign toast in hand and I put it right back on the table after the toast.  Didn't want to be rude so I held my glass up to toast the bride and groom.  Just skipped the part where I took a drink.  My wife was nice enough to dispense of the glass when it dawned upon her what had happened.  ..No way I was going to reset my badge or take a chance at a total relapse over a shitty glass of warm champaign. 
----------immediate responses--------

Fair play to you for going through the motions I had to do something similar in early recovery and I just used a glass of water.  Couldn't trust myself back then.  Well done!
Well done!                           .This reminds me of an Easter brunch in early sobriety. At my place was a glass of pink champagne all bubbly pretty and innocent. I remember looking at it and seeing through the glass to the ugliness of alcoholism that would rear its ugly head if I took a drink.                          .Thanks for your post.
I just made it through a wedding too... Kegs and bottles of wine everywhere. I danced a bit and had a bit too much coffee. I looked at the beer a couple if times but realized as us often said 1 is too many and 10 not enough so why bother?
Had a similar situation last weekend... I toasted with water.... Just ignored the bubbly.
Good for you. I was going on 2 weeks back in the early part of summer and then a wedding hit. I went through the motions for the toast and then set the glass to the side...but it sat there staring at me the whole reception and before I knew it I drank it had a couple beers then went out to the bar afterward and never looked back. Here I am months later and starting over again...
I had a different kind of small victory at a wedding this past weekend. I told a friend that I'm an alcoholic and wanted to stop drinking. I've known I have a problem for a while but I've never talked to anyone about it. It felt good to finally say something. I had a very helpful conversation about it and got some motivation that I can stop if I really want it enough...I drank at the wedding last night but today at home watching football I had no motivation to have a beer. There's half a case in the fridge that I had no desire to touch after yesterday.
