-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nnkgx/so_tomorrow_is_my_25th_birthday_and_at_the_rate_i/

tomorrow i turn 25 and over the past 7 months i have been doing some major life changes not only have a quit drinking i have lost 80 lbs and am in school the whole get your shit together story..looking back on it i was slowly killing myself with drinking and eating and would have been lucky to make it to 50 hell im lucky i didnt get diabetes.  but i am finally back on track in a healthy relationship focussing on myself and excited about my future.  .I have made a lot of great decisions in the recent past but none of those would have been made if I had not made the decision to stop drinking that allowed me to clear my head and face my problems head on and not run away from them to a bottle.  I had a lot of problems didnt have a college degree so i got up and enrolled in school and now have a 4.0... i have never had grades like that in my whole life.  i was 100 lbs overweight so i got my ass up off the couch and worked out and am down 80 lbs.  and now that i have removed myself from a depressing situation/relationship in a city i hated i feel happy all the time and rarely even have the urge to drink..so of course this is the subtle brag thread but thats not my intention I want everyone who reads this who is struggling to take away from my post that your life has no limits of what you can do and the drink in your hand is the anchor that is holding you in place drop the anchor and do what you really want to do with your life.  ..fat drunk me last year http://i.imgur.com/iJxXNXx.jpg.clean sober me last weekend http://i.imgur.com/WqCEhzW.jpg..hang in there everyone it gets better one step at a time and one day at a time.  everything else will fall into place once your own house is in order...I would also like to add that I didnt even want to drink after LSU lost in the last minute to UGA... even though i was surrounded by drunk UGA fans in Athens I had a blast sober with my brother who gets 1 year in 8 days..but seriously fuck you UGA
----------immediate responses--------

Wow dude. That's an amazing change. Congratulations!
That's amazing man.  Congratulations!  You look like a much healthier person.  Your before/after looks a lot like [mine](http://imgur.com/PqRPzyj) (that's the same shirt in both pictures)!..Edit: I forgot to add: My mom had told me a few times over the last few years that she was worried as to whether I'd make it to 40... I turn 40 in February!  I've easily added 20+ years to my life...Keep it up -- you're right on that it keeps getting better!
Awesome work dude congrats!
I love the before and after pictures! Although we feel great on the inside the before and after pictures are the external evidence of change. Great job all around!!
Bro. Congrats on the weight loss! You look great! Also feeling great mentally is half the battle. You're winning! Good on ya.
Awesome transformation! Sobriety fitness weight loss and generally getting my shit together all went together for me too. 
&gt; so of course this is the subtle brag thread but thats not my intention.....I was thinking about this recently. For me it's funny how the brag is simply that I stopped doing a whole bunch of stupid shit. Ain't I smart I'm not pounding my head against a wall anymore! Congratulate me because I learned a few life skills! ..Love the pix. The sober guy looks pretty happy.
Happy birthday friend!  Many many happy returns.
Well done !!!.
Happy birthday and keep on doing what we do. It's a new lease on life. 
Well done!  You look great!
