-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nqwyk/recovering_or_relapsing_how_much_drink_is_okay/

Hello people..In April 2012 I realised that I had an alcohol problem. I put a ridiculous amount of effort into getting it under control. I was never an all-out-every-day-alcoholic but drank just bleeding way too much. I made a huge lot of progress culminating in 123 days without drinking. Then I felt I could handle the drink again. ..Now my situation is this: I've quit my PhD programme for non-alcoholic reasons and am back home living with my parents; in the mid-term I want to get a job but right now I've not gotten into the mood of looking for one. I've been struggling with depression ever since I stopped drinking so life isn't really easy...Anyway my drinking pattern has changed a lot. For the last three weeks I've been drinking very regularly probably five or six times a week but: I stop. I used to go all-out once I started I'd not finish at five or six but drink until I couldn't drink no more. Back then I never happily stopped now there comes a time where I just actually (!) don't want any more beer. Also: back in the olden days I'd wake up with a ridiculous hangover and feel terrible; now I don't have a massive hangover and kind of feel alright about it. Sure if I don't drink I wake up in a much better mood and feel great; but at least I'm not feeling absolutely fucked.....However: Twice now I bought my own beers. Usually I drink from my dad's crates and it's not that obvious. Now I'm back to thinking: 'Hey he'll notice if six beers are gone every day. Maybe I should get some wine for a change maybe I should buy a sixi for myself and hide it...' These aren't good thought now are they?..The question I'd like to put to you: If you had an alcohol problem but attacked it before it was too late - how much alcohol is alright? Where's the line? I've been to AA meetings: 'You have a problem when alcohol is costing you more than just money..' It ain't at the moment I feel. I don't go all-out I don't get ridiculous drunk around the clock - and I wholeheartedly believe that once I have a job things will change. It'll be a new place and I'll move to Vienna. I won't be on the drink there all the time. So can I afford drinking my evenings away a little now because it feels nice after a stressful day (of taking are of my sick mum of running errands all day long of trying to handle everything that comes my way...)
----------immediate responses--------

Do you want to drink? If so why?
[deleted]
If you are an alcoholic there is no such thing as "healthy drinking".
Check out the *Alcohol Assessment Test* in the sidebar.
I am willing to bet that alcohol had some part in your depression and whatever the non alcoholic reasons  for dropping out were.      ..You have quit a graduate program and are back home not in the mood to get a job......To me it sure looks like something has cost you a lot.  Alcohol is an obvious suspect.  Just because you don't have a DUI doesn't mean you arent paying for it.
The amount you're drinking sounds kind of like a lot.  One thing that sobered my ass up was when I (for the first time in a while possibly ever) started socializing with actual moderate drinkers.  I noticed these folks drink.only one or two OVER THE COURSE OF AN ENTIRE EVENING. How....?!  Why....?!  And they'll leave half a drink untouched!  ..This is not what you are doing.  I think maybe you know your drinking is problematic which is why you posted here.  
