-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nruah/day_1_scared_but_made_it_past_2_am/

Hello..I've been struggling with alcohol addiction. Today I decided I've had enough and for once in my life I am trying to be accountable for my drinking instead of feeding myself excuses...I made it past 2 AM which is when the shops stop selling alcohol. I feel okay right now but I know the next few days are going to be hell...I am a bit afraid fear of withdrawal but I know it's only going to get worse if I don't do something now. If I don't drink I have trouble sleeping - often not sleeping at all so this is going to be a wild ride.
----------immediate responses--------

You maybe scared but you are most certainly courageous!..I salute you for making this life changing decision. I hope you can find a few other sober people IRL to surround yourself with during this time. It's like a force field or armor plating!..If not I'm sitting here at my desk a bit drowsy but wishing you the very best where ever you are.
Fuck yea! congrats man :)..Have you talked to a doctor though? remember if you've been drinking heavily lfor a very long time it can be physically dangerous to just stop....Best of luck and glad you're here :)..Have you tried to quit before? If so what happened?..(Obligatory plug for AA)
That's about how much I drank and I didn't go to the doc for withdrawal...but that's just me and I'm certainly no health care professional.  ..Good for you and it gets much easier after just a few days.  Probably the first 4-5 days were the hardest for me then by week 3 I couldn't remember how I had functioned with all that alcohol!  Keep posting!
I have a really hard time getting to sleep when I am sober. Lately I have been making myself get up in the morning regardless of how few hours I had of sleep. And then I just stay busy and try to wear myself out. My scary hour is 5pm... that was the time I would start drinking everyday for the last 20 years. I take a sleeping pill around 9pm and then go to bed at 10. This is just what works for me right now. Try to experiment to see what works best for you. But all in all just take it one day at a time even an hour at a time at first if you have to. Eventually it becomes a lot easier. Best Wishes!!! 
