-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nsd9u/relapsed_last_night_cold_depressed_and_nursing_a/

I've been trying to gradually cut down over the past few months and last week I decided I really need to stop for good. Went almost a week without drinking until last night. I got a bit of extra money and decided to "celebrate" by spending that money on two bottles of wine (addict logic=so flawed). What a bad idea... so much regret right now. ..I wish I didn't have this problem. It feels like I'm going to live with this forever and it's hard to imagine that I will ever be able to make it go away. But I want to make this the last hangover I ever have. How can I stay strong?
----------immediate responses--------

The good news? You're still here and get to start over. Today is day 1. Take a few minutes to regret what happened then put it aside. It's over and done. You're back on the good track now. But DO NOT FORGET how you feel right now. Bring it back up when the call of the bottle gets strong.
Go work a recovery program.  You now know more about what doesn't work for you.  It's the weekend now so you can chill a bit while building a solid foundation of sobriety.
Check into resources such as AA SMART Recovery and an outpatient treatment program. What you want is difficult to accomplish for most of us and we need support from other people. I always find an AA meeting comforting...to be in a room with people who understand. These are folks who will support and guide you if you're open and willing. ..Don't drink today. Keep us posted. 
Patting yourself on the back with a bottle been there done that got the bruises...For many of us peer groups other drunks trying to stay sober like AA and smart made the difference.  You would have had a meeting to go to a phone number to call.  Maybe that would have helped...
[deleted]
Hey you fucked up!!!..We all do; don't beat yourself up over it the alcohol will beat you up enough...The trick is to not make the same mistake twice.  Live and learn.
Somewhere along the way you crossed a line where you cant drink normally. ..In a world full of cucumbers youve managed to become a pickle. You'll never be a cucumber again but thats okay just dont work on doubling down on your pickledness
Stop failing ..EDIT: I understand the downvotes but just want to make clear that for me only that kind of motivation helped. Not blowing sugar in my a**.
You're human humans make mistakes. But you're here instead of out buying more wine so you're on the right track. ..The most helpful thing for me in the first week was teaching myself to only focus on today. The fear of "I can never drink again?!?" is what prevented me from ever trying in the past. Don't worry about forever. Worry about today. Then do it again tomorrow.
To cheer you up: You're a better person than the affliction you suffer. Go forth and do good you've got it in ya!
[deleted]
I just had a very similar last couple of weeks and night as you and am feeling very much the same. PM me if you want to chat. But do remember that if every time this happens you learn something from it or convince yourself a little bit more that you need to change your approach then it is not a complete step backwards. We don't just move forward and backward there are more than two directions and your path will not be a straight one. Love yourself teach yourself and keep going. You can do this. 
"This too shall pass" a quote that seems to be quite relevant right about now. I will let you know that I went 97 days and then took a bottle of Rum to the face to 'celebrate'. You are not alone and you are not forgotten in the land of relapse drinkers you're here with us this sub and your nondrinking family. Now that you've proven 'again' that you cannot drink and when you do you regret it the next day. Now that you had your 'one last shot' it's time to put more effort into quitting and come up with a game plan that covers not only quitting but HOW you're going to quit. ..Stay Strong Stay Sober..
It's good that you're able to see things were getting out of control. Now is time to start anew!
I've been leaning on this subreddit a lot. I feel less like I suck or a million other labels I've thrown on myself...What's keeping me going so far when I start thinking ooh I can have one tasty beer in the sun is remembering how many out of control drunken times started so innocently. How badly I don't want to lose the love of my life my career what's left of my friendships my sanity literally my life; and how close I've come to losing all of those things mostly because of booze. I watched it kill my aunt ex step mom grandfather and how close it was to taking my dad (he blew a .5 before he went to rehab when I was 21). Gambling because I want to fit in relax let my inhibitions down doesn't make sense anymore. ..We have to start somewhere. This shit is hard. Please don't give up next time you dint think you can do it.
