-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1nv5md/9_months/

It's a pretty weird feeling- I've changed dramatically over these past 9 months and I thought that if my story might reach someone and help than its worth sharing..9 months ago I was sick bedridden and had enough of being tired and depressed. I was using every day and I was in an absolute state I despair..I went to treatment for 100 days in a wilderness program in Wisconsin last January.  I wanted to put myself through the accountability of my actions and I wanted the best chance to stay sober...Sobriety is not a magic pill that cures all my problems- I still have to work very hard to get the things I want probably even have I work harder. ..I've depended on drugs and alcohol for motivation for far too long- the only crutches I have now are myself and my sponsor and the knowledge that I carry about myself...I am always accountable for everything I do- I can no longer drink to escape myself of make things easier- I take life head on and that's challenging at times...Making new friends and connections and finding a new career is challenging when I'm still just getting a hang of who I am- but I'm ok with that...I stay out of my head with meditation- my inner critic has beaten me up for long enough so I Try and stay present and live my life in the moment. I do not try and change the past but instead work on humility and accepting te circumstances of today. I do not compare where I "should have been" to where "I am"..I recently got laid off of a job unexpectedly- this would have been crippling if it weren't for the work I have done.  I am not defined by a job a social group or anything materialistic...I do not make any hypothetical situations that would allow me to drink in the future. I do not negotiate with myself...I have stopped fighting other people's battles- I cannot make others be sober the facts are that there is a slim chance of sobriety long term that's just te numbers. I try and meet with 5 people that have what I want including time as much as I can...Instead of complaining-negotiating-relapsing I just accept that this is where I'm at. Things are far from perfect but I'm doing much better than I was...I am an addict across the board. I eat sleep workout and work like an addict. The balance between spiritual work and hobbies and relationships is key. I struggle with this daily but I am getting better!..No matter what happens some days suck some days rock I try and not get too high or too low and keep an emotional center because living in the danger zone is where I was at before getting sober. ..Hope this helps keep up the good fight ! 
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!  Thank you for sharing this!
Congratulations! Very inspiring all the best!
Thanks for sharing. I'm new to this sobriety thing and posts like this are inspiring.
Great insight here. Thank you for that...Congratulations on the 9 months and keep on keeping on!
What a great post. I needed to hear a lot of this. ..&gt;I am an addict across the board...I'm exactly the same way. Regardless of whether it's healthy or not I live in the extremes. I tend not to half-ass things including my drinking. Which is why I'm here. Feeling awesome about two weeks today. Thanks again.  
Thanks. I'm intrigued by the 'meeting 5 people' part. What do you mean by that?
congrats!!
Nine months is amazing...Congratulations hardyboy86... 
What an inspiring and useful post.  Thank you.
