-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1o2bti/just_checking_in/

Hey to anyone who reads this I don't have much support in my real life.  My family and friends equate heavy drinking with manliness so every time I quit people give me a hard time and make fun of me.  I've read other posts which say that people like this aren't real friends.  I disagree they have just been brought up in a binge drinking culture and it has brainwashed them.  It's usual at family gatherings for all the adult males to drink until they lose control/pass out.  Sometimes everyone just gets euphoric and the party rocks other times there's violence or people throwing up outside.  The next day it all gets cleaned up and no one is held accountable for anything.  I can't change these people but I know that I cannot enjoy alcohol.  I feel good this time.  I regret my relapse and want to get my badge up.  I'm working out and being productive and just wanted to get this out.  I can't really talk to anyone here but this group is amazing because I read all of your stories and understand where you're coming from.  For a long time I didn't realise that others felt exactly the same as I do.  Stay sober /r/stopdrinking . 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I get that family thing big time. Mine's a little different my parents were from the Mad Men era upper middle class successful. Drinking was glamorous exciting full of pool parties yachting summer homes. My mom and dad had the cocktail hour every day I'd mix their drinks for them and they thought it was cute. Of course I grew up linking drinking to glamour success fun. Later they evolved into raging alcoholics but both are now sober. People do change. You can lead by example maybe as you get better and they see how well you're doing you could inspire one of them. That's what happened in my life I was the last of the family to get sober. I saw how it made a change in the lives of my loved ones my sister first then my dad now my mom who is 77 has 3 years sober. It happens. Familes DO get better together but it has to start somewhere. Maybe it's starting with you?..
Hey we can do this together. After a few days the cravings slow down. Don't worry about over-eating over-smoking etc. for the time being. Forget about the neigh sayers they will learn later of the damages and all the baggage that comes with alcohol and they will admit that *you* were right. 6 days *is* a lot but then again I'm not sure if you subbed this thread the day you decided to stop. In any case congratulations on breaking your family's cycle. I hope we can keep it up. Pure willpower meetings and a sponsor will benefit you greatly. You don't need to be religious to attend meetings and you don't have to say the prayers if you don't want to. You simply need the desire to stop drinking. It's not easy you're going to go through some knee-high shit but be strong. Sheer will power is an amazing thing. Get yourself a hobby go for walks. Try your best to avoid your family and friends when they drink (I know tall order) PM me if you feel the need to I'm only 8 days in myself but I feel great. You can do this no; *we* can do this.
Thanks for posting.  I hope to see more of your posts as we go along.
I agree with you on the friends part but I have learned it is more important to recognize when/how they jeopardize your sobriety than fall on your sword pretending that although the may help you in many aspects of life they are a not a liability when it come to your quest to stay sober. I am VERY selective with the time I spend with those type of people but I still have family and friends that don't understand my sobriety. Thank You for posting.  
