-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1o52aa/it_has_to_be_my_god/

Good morning/afternoon    .Some know from my past posts but I have been going through it the past couple of years. I been unemployed I got a divorce I relocated 2x I have been to jail fined at least 5k lost close relationships etc. All due to drinking. I lost hope plenty of times and when I did I went back out.    .    Recently (about 6 months ago) I decided that I would not die to alcohol and even though I was hopeless I listened/followed suggestions from both people in the Anonymous programs and just smart people. I have always been a responsible person in every other aspect of my life so when I did get into trouble I handled it and broke down later. I struggled (still am really but it getting better) with trusting my HP. Being a logical person I chucked up any breaks I did get to my hard work and planning. I asked my HP "you know how I am please make it obvious you are there for me?" My last brush with the law just closed out and this time I had no money for a Lawyer and little wiggle room negotiate. I have been putting in the work to stay sober and recover my life but nothing that the state can see but last week I get a call from the States attorney offering me 4 days (originally 6mo to 1 yr) and a fine of 1k (originally 2.5k) and nothing in my situation changed. So with no lawyer and no leverage I get an plea offer that is a fraction of what is "should" be. That is obvious enough for me. I just wanted to post to publically give glory to my HP.    .Its funny how now all I want to do is be a productive member of society and now that I have a place to live have  job where I can pay my bills I am content. I'm rambling now so thanks for reading and I truly do want you be sober too.    .**TL:DR**- I have had a crappy few yrs but I have survived through wit and planning. Recently I faced an situation I was powerless to change but it still worked out; and I want to publically thank my HP for that.    . 
----------immediate responses--------

Some people say their HP works through other people and other things.  Sounds like you did the next right thing put yourself in the best position to succeed and good things are happening.  Coincidence?  Maybe! ;)..I tell ya faith can be a powerful ally when coupled with appropriate action.  I used to believe that God doesn't give us more then we can handle.  Now it's with God there isn't anything we can't handle...I went through a similar situation a few months into sobriety.  I was looking at significant jail time in another state for numerous charges.  I remember standing outside that courtroom with my knees shaking I was scared.  But once those doors opened and I walked I put my faith in my HP believing I'd be OK whatever the result and a sense of ease and comfort came over me.  Because I was sober active in AA working and back in college the judge was lenient and instead I only received a few years probation and a few thousand dollars in fines.  
Wu-Tang said it best:."Don't think. FEEL. It's like a finger pointing away to the moon. Do not concentrate on the finger or you will miss all of the heavenly glory! "..I'm half joking but that really has been a very useful quote for me.
Thank you.  I hope you have lots of blessings and miracles to come.
