-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1o5r8i/furious_at_my_husbands_outpatient_counselor/

Yesterday my husband attended his one on one with this counselor. He has been attending this clinic for about 2 months as well as seeing a medical doctor. He attends 3 classes a week as well as a once a month one on one meeting as well as meeting with our medical doctor twice monthly.  I was under the impression that one on one meetings were meant to be a personal  how is life   how are you handling things  kind of meeting. That was not at all what yesterday's meeting was about. First he kept asking him why we hadn't asked our doctor to change the medication to what the counselor wanted him to take. My husband told him that we had just started it and it was working. He prefers to use it for now. ( during the first appointment my husband brought all medication he was on) He was drilled over and over about why he had hydrocodone for the 3rd time. He had a tooth pulled and had taken it for the pain. He is no longer on it and has passed all drug screenings. Then he asked my husband if I would be willing to start attending therapy as well. My husband told him no my wife works two jobs and we have two kids. She won't be attending. I guess that's when things started to get loud. According to my husband the counselor then asked will she attend one on one meetings with us. My husband told him that the DUI was his problem and issue but he didn't see why I wouldn't attend a one on one but he would rather that I didn't. After that he said he wants my husband to attended 3 AA meetings per week. He already sees his counselor 13x a month and our medical doctor twice monthly. He then said he wants my husband to go to mental therapy my husband said no. The counselor then told my husband that he would tell our insurance that he is not in compliance because he doesn't want to attend AA and I won't join therapy. He has been to AA several times before and it did nothing for him but make him want to drink. He is not court mandated to attend AA. Basically he threatened to stop our insurance from paying but not clear Jason from classes. My husband asked to see it in writing that he was told these things. The counselor said he didn't have in it writing it was a phone call. Then my husband asked for the name of the person he spoke to. He said he didn't know. I don't think it can go both ways. I called our insurance (got name and reference number) and they don't require AA or NA meetings or that family also attend therapy. EITHER my husband no longer needs classes and he can tell insurance to stop paying OR he needs to tell the insurance that my husband still needs classes. I don't understand where this guy is coming from. He was sent there for relapse classes only but the counselor turned it into a up to 6 month 13x a month meeting thing. After my husband called me extremely upset after the one on one meeting I left a message for the counselor to call me. Later that evening my husband attended his group therapy. When the class was over the counselor pulled him to the side looking extremely worried and asked  You're wife called and asked for me do you know why?  My Husband told him no and walked out. I am keeping my fingers crossed that the probation office calls me before the counselor. ..Also the counselor was late to both one on one meetings. Once because "I have a passenger with me and I have to drop them off at Ross" The second time was yesterday and when it was 15 minutes after the time his appointment was supposed to be my husband said "I had a 2:00 appointment." The secretary told him that "sometimes the meetings run long." Mind you My husband had to take this time out of his day at work. When I went into the office to speak with the counselor myself he was with a client. I could hear them yelling at each other from the lobby. The hall is like 15 feet long. I Highly doubt my husband is the only one with this problem. The only other clinic in town takes months to get into because they except state paid insurance. There is one in the next town over. We may make the switch. Its a 20 minute drive but at least they might actually only see him for the relapse classes he was supposed to be being seen for. ..I also forgot to mention that these "relapse" classes are almost $5000. Which is MORE than what we paid for 18 months of treatment at another clinic. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear that I've never heard of an outpatient councilor pushing medication that hard before. I've also never heard of a councilor that can't walk him through it step for step (addicts generally don't do much on their own at the beginning haha) however you might want to have insurance stop paying and enroll in a different OP Your husband will not respond well to a councilor he doesn't have faith in. I'm sure its difficult maintaining your homelife his OP and careers (I wouldn't know I'm 23) however the purpose of 12 step programs is to build a support group for yourself that will stick with you for as long as you want as OP will eventually end.  I've tried to get sober for 5 years and I finally went a full year clean and I couldn't have done it without support from people who understand what I'm going through. SMART recovery is an alternative to 12 step programs and I've heard from a couple people that it works and they prefer it...- http://www.smartrecovery.org/..I'm in NY and all recovery councilors are required to be OASAS certified and can be reprimanded for any mishandling of patient information...http://www.oasas.ny.gov/sqa/credentialing/CASACreq.cfm..Good luck it's not my business but it's important to do what is best for your husband's sobriety even if it means starting new in a different program.
This counselor is not only unprofessional but unethical. My guess is that he's also a liar. No insurance company requires AA attendance. The counselor is way off base with his demands. Plus physicians decide about medication so the counselor is over-stepping bounds requesting different medication. If this so-called counselor strongly believed a change should be made a professional would contact the doctor directly to discuss it. It's surprising insurance would cover thirteen sessions a month; seeing a counselor that often is unusual. ..I can't imagine being able to have any success in therapy with this person after all this drama. Quit and find another provider. Your insurance company can assist with this. 
Find out the appropriate state licensing agency &amp; report this person for her unethical behavior. If she's done it you she's surely done it to others. 
If your husband hasn't been ordered to be there via the legal system [and even if he has] there should be a grievance process. When he signed up whether voluntary or not there would be several documents he would have had to sign including HIPAA as well as individual grievance. ..If you are court ordered or mandated I would find those file a grievance and ask for a new counselor...If you are not court ordered and are a voluntary admission then fuck this guy and get out. Find an addiction specialist counselor and stop going to the assigned counselor of this outpatient program.
Wait.  Were you there when this occurred or are you relying on what your husband says?  ..If my wife relied on what I reported in early sobriety she would have been sorely disappointed in the real truth.  We alcoholics are practiced in the art of making ourselves look like heroic victims.  "I was only protecting you dear." "It wasn't my fault (followed by some bullshit story du jour.)  At least that was my story...Before you go off; take a deep breath and consider the question; do I know the real facts or am I relying on a newly sober (hopefully) alcoholic?
I certainly can't condone the behavior of this counselor but attending 3 AA meetings a week is certainly not a bad suggestion. It should never be mandated because AA has zero affiliation with any programs such as this nor is it official in any way. Honestly if your husband is an Alcoholic and he wants to stay sober and lead a productive life AA can help him do that.
So if I'm understanding correctly your husband needs to take these classes (which got bumped up from "relapse classes" however often those are to about three times a week) because of his DUI? And the counselor is threatening to end the insurance payments for the classes but still require your husband to take them? If that's the case then I'd have your husband talk to his lawyer. ..I don't know how things are in your state but when I did my court-ordered drug/alcohol counseling as part of my DUI sentence I found out pretty quickly that just because a counselor has a state license for drug/alcohol counseling doesn't mean that they're particularly good at it or honest or ethical. The first counselor that I went to took a hefty down payment had me spend most of my time in her office doing repetitious written "assignments" and during the limited face time that I had with her was a rambling digressive mess. After her office ignored repeated requests by me to produce documentation of my progress for my next court date I decided to switch counselors; my new agency was not only prompt and punctilious in producing the necessary documentation but charged $1000 *less* than the previous counselor so even with the down-payment to the other counselor I ended up saving money. (They were also willing to give me credit for the previous counseling but any hope of documentation vanished when I found out that the previous counselor had declared bankruptcy and closed up shop small wonder.) 
Is there a reason why you're doing all this calling around and not your husband? I read that you work 2 jobs so I'm sure you're just as busy if not more so than he is.
My only suggestion to this would be to ask to have a meeting with both your husband and this counselor. I'm sorry to say this but there are just too many alarm bells going off in my gut with this whole series of events. :-(..Breath and stay strong sister. XO
It's a lot easier to be mad at the counselor than your husband isn't it.....Try Al-anon when you are ready for the pain to end.
[deleted]
