-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1o6jjp/my_family_is_basically_giving_me_ultimatums_after/

Its awful because if they are serious they will not associate with me in any fashion.  I understand they want me to stop but I think they clearly don't understand the difficulty I'm facing.  I used to heavily drink to the point of blackouts 3 days a week or more.  They act like I'm not trying.  I'm way more healthy than I was not long ago do they really want to pretend I don't exist?  Do they think this helps?  I think its causing me more unnecessary stress....They get so mad at me.  I'm back on the wagon they've been told this is hard and relapse rates are very high.  Why are they so shocked?  I love them and they love me but the tough love is becoming an enormous weight to carry...I already feel guilty about things and sometimes I wish they didn't push so hard because I can't do it for them.  ..Sorry for the rant advice is welcome...
----------immediate responses--------

I used to be a serial relapser.  They said it was like living with a timebomb they never knew when I was going to go off again.   ..&gt;because I can't do it for them...Do you want to do it for yourself?  Are you really ready to live life with out the crutch? Are you willing to go to any lengths to get sober?  These are some questions that you are going to have to ask yourself.  Today you are 4 days sober which is amazing but are you doing it for a place to stay?  There is a lot of free help out there for the likes of us.  Maybe you should check it out. Check out the FAQ page.  I had to and it is working till today.  Good Luck.
If you having trouble on your own get some additional help.  1/2 or 3/4 way house or outpatient treatment or additional therapy or more meetings or something.  Keep asking for help until you get all you need.  ..Your family is going to do whatever they are going to do.  You can't worry about that now. Love them and let it go.  
Your family has set their boundary with you. They cannot handle your behaviour and are telling you they have had enough...Your move.
Sounds like they need Al-Anon. But they might not be open to that idea until they seem some change in you. As alcoholics we hurt people and it takes a while for them to trust us again. Show them what they mean to you by choosing them over booze. They'll come around in time.
&gt; When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change you will change...Does this apply?
Watching a family member struggle with staying sober is scary.  This disease affects the entire family.  It's a disease of relationships on top of everything else....They're going to make choices that they think are best for them.  It's not just you going through it.  It's hard to see at first.  Something brought up in Al-Anon is how "We didn't cause it we can't cure it and we can't control it."...Let this be more reason to stay sober *just for today.*  If you're willing to do whatever it takes to stay sober you can do it for today.  I heard a speaker say "if someone is ready to get sober there is nothing I can say or do wrong that will make him drink.  If he isn't ready there is nothing I can say or do right that will keep him sober."  Are you ready?
Don't drink.  Period.  And get down off the pity pot.  Get some help.  ..Because I bet they go through with their threat to cut you out of their lives if you don't figure out that you can't drink AT ALL...Good luck.
It's a credibility issue. They love you and want you to be well but every time they get emotionally invested in your recovery it crashes and they get hurt. The message isn't "I don't care" but "I care so much and I've been hurt so often. I'm scared you'll hurt me again. This makes me angry and distant because it's the only way I can protect myself".  ..Don't tell them about relapse rates and hell don't even think about them yourself. It's creating an expectation in their mind that you'll drink again and it's providing a convenient out for you when the going gets tough. Fuck relapsing. I never met anyone who told me it was fun. Put that right out of your head.  ..So Got_the_Life the only way that you're going to repair the damage with your family is to develop some credibility. And that takes time and effort. Sober time and effort to identify and change the person who caused all that chaos and destruction. Visible effort. Do it for yourself without fanfare only a quiet determination.  ..And just how much shit have you put them through in the past? Lots I'll bet. So suck it up buttercup the wheel has turned and now it's YOUR turn to put up with THEIR shit. You want to show them you've changed? Next time the shit hits the fan don't go confrontational just say "You're right and I'm sorry I made you feel that way. That behavior was inexcusable. Please forgive me."..One last thing...there's a whole lot of I in your original post. Lots of them "I this" and "I that". In the business of recovery Ego is a cast-iron bitch and it looks like you got yourself a good one. Watch out for it because it will bite you right in the ass.
They are hurting they need to establish boundaries. ..If you can't be sober you need to get the help you need to be sober. Get the support you need. I can't imagine how much it hurts to be on the other side of addiction seeing me hurting myself over and over again...My girlfriend drinks she drinks socially and doesn't drink too much. Still I worry sick when she is out drinking. I feel abandoned. I can't imagine how it would feel to experience that several times a week like she must have when I was drinking. ..Put yourself in their situation how long would you accept someone else behaving like an addict? And do find out what help you need don't surrender to your addiction.
[deleted]
This is actually a very understanding move on the part of your family.  They know that they can't force you to stop destroying your life.  All they can do is to protect themselves and leave it to you to decide what you will do.  In the end regardless of what others do or say it is all up to you to decide what you want to do with your life and your drinking...Like you say you can't do it for them.  You must do it for yourself. I hope you see their ultimatum as an opportunity and not something that should be fought.  Use this as a tool a reminder why you want to stay sober and do not use it as an excuse to continue to drink.  That thought alone may not be enough but it can be one in the tool box.  ..Next time you contemplate drinking think what it will mean for yourself your long term happiness to have to sever ties with your family.  Believe it or not there will come a time not long from now when you have been sober for a month or two and think to yourself "what the hell was I thinking trying to trade my family for some toxic poison?"...You don't have to drink.
