-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1o791c/figuring_out_how_sobriety_works_and_where_i_fit/

Hi everybody.  I'm about 10 days into this experiment of being A Person Who Does Not Drink and I just stumbled upon this subreddit and am impressed by how supportive and aware everybody seems to be.  I'm going to try not to launch into a drunkalog here but I guess I've been looking for a way to gather my thoughts on this subject and introducing myself to you guys seems like a good excuse...I struggle with "alcoholism" as a concept and while I've unsuccessfully tried to quit drinking many times in my life I don't feel "powerless over alcohol".  I've been to some meetings (both AA and Lifering) and heard things that were helpful to me but also felt very disconnected from a lot of what I heard there.  I think that I'm essentially a person with a lot of flaws who needs to get better at dealing with life.  Alcohol has tended to be a crutch and while I don't think I am physically addicted to it I still think my life would be better without it.  So I am trying to quit...One thing that trips me up is the concept of "rock bottom".  In my experience obvious (external) rock bottoms and emotional (internal) rock bottoms don't usually coincide.  My entire life from ages 16-24 was pretty much an endless series of rock bottoms.  Blackouts firings infidelity etc. -- all the usual stuff...Once I got into my mid-20s though I got my life together a lot more -- at least in terms of externals.  I went back to school and maintained a 4.0 the whole way worked an inhuman number of hours at three jobs and didn't get fired from any of them etc.  However two of my jobs were at a dive bar and a liquor store so my daily intake of booze was at an all time high.  I still drank way way way too much and did a lot of stupid shit but my life was not an endless nightmare of shitty decisions like it had been before...In the past few years life has continued to improve.  I am married and I have a kid and I am a good and faithful husband and father.  I am done with college and have a respectable white collar job.  I don't drink every day and sometimes I go weeks without getting drunk.  I'm stable.  I have my shit together.  Rock bottom is in my rearview...But I still know that I use alcohol for the wrong reasons.  I use it to distract me and help me get to sleep at night when my brain won't shut off.  I use it to numb out uncomfortable feelings that I should be using to fuel my creativity.  I use it to fill hours when I feel bored or anxious and don't know what to do with myself.  I feel like I should have outgrown these behaviors by now...Things came to a head last month when I had to go out of town for a two-week business trip.  Being away from my wife and kid really had a weird effect on me and I felt the need to be drunk every night.  I had some flashbacks to the old days -- trying to go to work events completely hungover and feeling like I was going to die etc.  ..One morning I woke up in my hotel fully dressed still drunk.  My alarm was going off and I needed to get on a conference call with my boss and coworkers.  I did the entire call in the bathroom on my knees muting the microphone so I could puke in between Power Point slides.  It scared the shit out of me so I went to an AA meeting that night...In all I've been to four meetings in the past few weeks.  Like a lot of drunks I am a judgmental person -- I like to call bullshit on everything and everyone so that nobody else's opinion can touch me.  I am cognizant of this and try to check it but I have to admit that for the most part I hate the meetings.  I know that when people refer to God it is supposed to be a vague thing but it's obvious that most people are talking about a very clear monotheistic Christian God.  Also a lot of people seem to be regurgitating stuff from the big book without a whole lot of real reflection...What I do like is the idea of acknowledging the limitations of your own thinking.  I saw a guy pick up his 18 year chip and he said "When I came to the rooms I thought I knew everything.  In fact I knew nothing.  My best thinking led me to drink."  As a know-it-all that hit me hard...I also like "one day at a time".  I am trying not to stress out about my daughter's birthday party or my dad coming out to visit me -- situations when I know I will be encouraged to drink.  I am trying to just wake up in the morning and know that I'm going to spend the day sober and not worry about anything past that...Sorry this was longwinded and self-contradictory.  I'm still hashing a lot of stuff out...**tl;dr** I am trying not to drink anymore and I am skeptical but openminded when it comes to strategies for quitting.  So far so good: I have 10 days.  I welcome any words of encouragement advice or commiseration.
----------immediate responses--------

Holy shit now that I can see what I've written I see that it is WAY too long.  Please feel free to skip to the tl;dr.  Seriously.
You sound like a bright &amp; self-aware person.  It's not clear to me from your text is your goal to never drink again? I ask because you called it a person-who-does-not-drink experiment but then you also mentioned attending AA &amp; Lifering meetings.  Generally speaking people who seek out recovery groups are a bit more advanced in their drinking than a guy who just decides that he'd like to conduct a little experiment ya know?..As to struggling with the alcoholism concept I know what you mean.  I don't think it makes one bit of difference what you call it or what "it" even is as long as you're committed to abstinence.  I know that I can't drink responsibly. I focus my energies on not wanting to drink. That's enough for me...I don't go to AA but I can tell you that it's not that god is *supposed* to be a vague thing it's that god *can* be a vague thing. The program encourages each person to choose a god of their own understanding.  For many people that's the Christian God.  When those people talk about god it may be obvious that that's who they have in mind. If a Muslim guy shows up &amp; talks about his god it might be obvious who he has in mind. The point of the "god of your own understanding" thing isn't to keep religion out it's to let all religions in...I showed up here a couple years ago. I started reading. I learned a lot. I went from "I couldn't ever do that" to "OK maybe I could do it for a little while" to "Holy crap this is hard I'll never make it" to "OMG I'm doing it" to "What? Has it been that long already?  Huh. I didn't even realize."  You can do it too.  I'm glad you found us.
Welcome I actually thought that was very coherent and self-aware! ..My suspicion is that a whole lot of drunks are very much like you and me--no crashing rock bottoms outwardly high-functioning families work homes dogs children. But at the same time a very profound erosion of psyche and self-worth that happens in conjunction with a bottle of booze. And an increasingly frightening sense of being out of control...How are your ten days feeling? I think there are many paths to not drinking I've never been to a meeting though I don't rule it out. I try not to rule anything out these days except drinking. Like you I scared myself one day--well I'd been scared before--but for some reason that day I said enough. It's the best thing I've ever done I wish with every fiber I'd done it sooner and I don't regret any drink I've not taken...Stick around very happy to have you here. 
Hi there some of the people around me told me I wasn't an alcoholic so wondered why I would stop drinking completely. Bottom line for me it's a quality of life issue. They didn't have to power through my hangovers or hug the porcelain god on a too-regular basis or carry my extra weight. My quality of life is better now and to me the rest is semantics...Welcome I think it's awesome you found this place! I can't even remember how I did I wish I could though (now it's bugging me). There was a question on askreddit awhile back "What website has changed your life?" In my mind I had a one-word answer: r/stopdrinking
I posted this in another thread but it works here too. Just add life ring ...What is it about AA that is not working? (And yes it is far from perfect I know).I was for most of my life the proverbial decahedral peg in a triangular hole. Fitting in was alien to me. I was unique special don't you see?.Then someone called it terminal uniqueness said it was a common condition AND I WAS PISSED.       .But they were right.        . The point of sobriety is to live a life filled with joy and laughter and yea I can hear some of you gagging but damn it true for me and I am not all that different from you..
Day 2 here good luck but man i wanted to die last night hope today and tonight are better. Best wishes.
Hey welcome! I struggled with some similar issues (and still do sometimes). How can I be an alcoholic if I don't drink everyday? If I have a good job nice apartment car etc? If I've never gotten a DUI or gotten into any trouble? The answer for me was to look at the internal damage I was doing to myself rather than the external. My emotional well being and general thought process were so so so screwed up. ..Something I have found helpful is to look for the similarities in other alcoholics' stories not the differences. And also forget about labels and definitions. Are you a better person without alcohol? Are you a better husband and father? A better employee? If yes then stick with it. 
