-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1o8mrf/i_didnt_stand_a_chance/

Is alcoholism genetic? If so I didn't stand a chance. All four of my grandparents died of alcoholism or something related to alcoholism before I was born. Not only was I robbed of ever knowing any of my grandparents whatever they had they passed on to my parents too...Grandpa dad's side died in a train accident. He was the conductor ran through a train crossing hit a car and killed a family of four as well. Reports were that he was drunk...Grandma dad's side died of liver disease...Grandpa mom's side was a hopeless drunk but tried to get sober many times by going to treatment. The day after he got out of Shick for the umpteenth time he found himself drunk again pulled out a gun and shot himself in the head. My mom heard the shot and found him she was 15...Grandma mom's side also died of liver failure the day my mom was in the hospital giving birth to my sister. Mom's happiest day turned tragic with the news...Dad of course was an alcoholic too. So was my mom. So am I so is my sister. ..I've also lost an uncle and two cousins both in their 40's to this disease...In my family you're either sober or you DIE...There's a happy ending though. Mom is 77 and got sober 3 years ago. Dad has been sober 15 or so years. My sister got sober 12 years ago. I had 2.5 years until I took that first drink and found myself immediately drinking at levels I left off it only took a week to get back to that level of a fifth a day. Now I'm back with 4 days. One would think that the fear of death looming would stop me but I've been a serial relapser my whole life. This also fits in with the "disease" model of alcoholism. It goes in remission and it can come back anytime. What triggers it is taking that first drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here; thanks for sharing this summary of your path back to recovery.  
It really is amazing that we still drink or crave drink when we know what we know!  I 'was' a serial relapser as well.  I didn't drink today when I get up tomorrow I will begin the battle again!  Good Luck in your endeavors!
you can break the chain you know what to do.
[deleted]
Reading about your relapse is really helpful. I've been feeling silly for refusing sips of people's drinks and things like that but I think it is important to just say no more.
Something that I struggle to remember myself: you are not your family. You're influenced by them for sure but you can be MORE THAN them..
Im on day 2 it seems to not be that bad this evening last night and today sucked but like you im doing it. Good luck
break the chain.
I know a lot of people in recovery that come from families where EVERYONE are messy drunks.  And all these people are proud that they have "broken the chain" - their kids won't grow up with drunks for parents.
This time is the time. You can feel it in your bones right?  ..Don't let yourself think you can relapse and just eventually pull yourself together. I thought I picked up a little bit of that thinking in your post. ..You have got to stop. The next relapse may be the time you kill yourself someone else or inflict so much damage from the relapse that you die. A person only gets so many lucky breaks. 
&gt;Mom is 77 and got sober 3 years ago..Just goes to show that it's never too late to make a change! Good for you for working to get out of the cycle keep strong
Keep it up. You can do it! Fill your time with positive things and believe in yourself. You write your destiny.
Thanks for sharing your story. It just goes to show that we are all at risk of relapsing no matter how much sober time we have. Best of luck to you!.
[deleted]
You are special. You can do it! 
