-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1oava1/withdrawal_symptoms_after_relapse/

I drank again after 40 days. That was a few days ago I've sort of just been riding it until I get the nerve to quit again. I'm feeling sort of done with it today...For anyone else who relapsed did you feel like you were really starting over or did you sort of get back to your pre-relapse gains pretty quickly? Anxiety for example.. that's really the shittiest to deal with for me. I can't even get outside today but I need to at some point to eat. ..I know I'm not going to get an exact answer just hoping for some encouragement I suppose that I can get back to where I was soon. . 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm at 6 days after a relapse and I DO feel close to the sobriety I once had. Also it is a painful reminder to never take that first sip because I picked up right where I left off. ..Not sure what I can tell you about anxiety except that for me it did pass after 2-3 days. Take care of yourself too. That helped me with my anxiety knowing I was doing the right thing. Hydrate take your vitamins get a few things you can eat drink tea and juice spritzers. Take some Aleve if you get a headache make sure you have peptol and immodium if you have tummy issues. ..You'll feel better in a couple days! Take care of yourself and stay here with us.
[deleted]
It's only my experience so make of it what you will.....Over years of attempting to moderate (we know how well *that* works) I'd developed the theory that it takes *at least* 50 hours after drink for the acute hangover symptoms to be  "gone". I've no idea how many times I repeated that cycle but it happened often enough reliably enough that the number stuck...On Monday my cat's battle with squamous cell carcinoma finally ended (R.I.P. Bailey - http://i.imgur.com/oLOv8Us.png). I've known for at least a year that I'd tie one on in response so I did. Like clockwork Tuesday sucked hard Wednesday was a bit better and I woke up well before the alarm went off on Thursday morning...The difference this time is that I've been spending the better part of the past month sober. So I've been developing new habits to replace my old habit of drinking when I'm bored or lonely or whatever. By the time Friday came 'round I had no real symptoms of my indulgence earlier in the week and no urge to soak my weekend in booze...So my unscientific anecdotal inexact answer is: 50-100 hours. That is once the maladaptive habits are gone the physical recovery from a (re)lapse will just last a few days. In my experience - IME YMMV FWIW and all that..
The only thing I can say to this is a good while ago I had a relapse on vodka--had been poison of choice then like a wise moderating alcoholic I switched to wine--anyway the day after that vodka I'm about 99&amp; sure I experienced kindling and nothing has ever scared me quite so badly. ..I was pretty sure I'd done myself in and that's the memory that comes up in hideous clarity whenever the idea of having a drink floats by.
Idk about relapse but I know the anxiety part of a hangover all too well. Battling right now actually one of the reasons I came here. 
I can't really speak from experience but I'm sure 40 days of non drinking followed by 3 days of drinking is much better than 43 days of drinking. Ride out the next couple days of hangovers and I bet you'll be feeling good again...As an analogy pretend you were on a weight loss diet instead. In 40 days you may have lost 10 lbs and then a few days of overeating might put a couple back on but as long as you get yourself back in check quickly you're still way ahead of where you started.
Welcome back!  Hang in there!  I think the anxiety will subside within a few days at most and you've surely learned a lot in the 40 days sober that will help you.  
Hey there! I broke my last sobriety stint at day 50. Yeah withdrawl still sucked and it was hard to get back on the bus. However once I got serious about getting sober again it was way easier the second time around. Duh: I had coping mechanisms that I didn't have before! I knew how to keep myself company ride out the insomnia and get my mind off the obsession...Hang in there friend. You can do it you know that! It's all been said but it bears repeating: stay positive and take good care of yourself. The world is hard enough on you so be nice to yourself. You deserve it...Here's to another 24 hours! If you need somebody to talk to I'm around!
