-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1oh14n/i_am_new_i_understand_aa_is_a_higher_power_based/

I was pulled over for a DUI in Minnesota (Minneapolis) and had a mandatory Drug and Alcohol assessment where I was admitted to an outpatient treatment center. I was sober for 5 months; during which I remember being a lot happier than I am now. But I moved out of the twin cities (which has a very good support system for alcoholics) to a small town where the "only fun you can have is at one of the three bars". I relapsed and went back to drinking which was fine until recently (I moved late july). Now it is affecting my relationship with my best friend of 13 years and his girlfriend who I currently live with. I know I need to stop. But I don't have the willpower myself after trying myself. I feel like I need to go to AA but this being a small town I am sure it will be strongly based on a higher power and I'm not comfortable with that. Is there any hope for me here? or should I just move back to the twin cities where I know I can find help that better suits my needs. Any comments? I hope I'm not alone here.
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I'm not an atheist - but I'm definitely not religious and I attend AA in a small town. There are a lot of people in this sub who are atheist and have found recovery in AA - I'll let them speak to particularities. I think that one thing I've heard from atheists and other non-religious people in AA that has really stuck with me is that it's important to realize that you aren't God. Whether you believe in God or not a lot of alcoholics tend to think that we can control everything and that's not true whether or not God exists. I hope this makes some kind of sense - there are also obv secular groups like LifeRing and SMART but I don't think either are that common outside of more urban environments. 
Try it out before you decide if it's going to work for you. I believe that's the main tenant of being an atheist: testing hypotheses in the world...There is definitely hope for you. 
"I relapsed and went back to drinking which was fine but..."..I don't have to point out the dangerous idea of that casual statement do I? In any case I think If I were you what I would try and do is simply keep an open mind attend a local meeting share about your concerns and your past experience and let the rest happen...Either 1 people will be closed minded tell you to believe in their God or leave (this won't happen) or 2: Go in and share honestly get approached after the meeting by a sane similar thinking alcoholic and start networking. You will find assholes. You will find cool people who you can call a friend. It's all good and you'll be fine if you try. Good luck!
Allen Carr's "Easy Way To Stop Drinking" worked for me.
I believe in God so I thought I'd be fine with AA but it turns out their version of God greatly differs from mine. That wasn't too big of a deal though. I don't know about you but just having relatable experiences is nice for me. AA isn't a religion there will be people with differing backgrounds. I'm still not sure it's my cup of tea but if it worked for you you should at least try it again. 
At some point you are going to have to decide which is more important - being sober or being un-offended by other people's opinions...I am a gay male agnostic who got sober in the capital of the Confederacy.  I really got tired of hearing people loudly proclaim their devotion to their particular brand of religion. but I came to understand that I didn't have to subscribe to their interpretation any more than they were obligated to conform to mine...Just go.  It beats the alternative does it not?
Not alone in the majority I would say.       .Try AA before you project yourself into a deeper hole.       .Find the backsliders agnostics pagans et al.      .Get back on track - but don't dismiss someone who has a belief system just for that - or for any reason they may have something to teach you and not about Jesus.
