-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ohwvd/my_quest_for_the_magic_potion/

I feel much of my life has been a struggle to find a magic potion a divine potion one that would lead me to serenity and self-fulfillment. It has been changed and it has manifested itself in many ways. Alcohol drugs psudo-science like NLP Pickup-Artistry and so on but I digress. What I want to talk about is what "magic potion" we use after quitting alcohol. To be clear it doesn't have to be a "potion" in the literal sense it could be just an act or an activity or a ritual...I feel that I still in a way is looking for my magic potion. The one that will make my life fulfilling and meaningful. The one that will make me wake up happy energetic at a normal time ready to deal with whatever life throws my way...I think it is easy to find a new magic potion. Vitamins for one I do supplements hoping they will change me improve me and unleash my inner self. Workout is another one...It seems apparent to me that a lot of people are looking for the same. The cure the medicine or the solution to our problems. How do I balance it? How do I end the quest? Surly I should do many of these things in moderation. But it seems so easy to continue the endless quest for the cure. When does a healthy interest in recovery turn into a obsession and a substitute?
----------immediate responses--------

There is no magic potion. There is no cure to being human. There is only acceptance...I've realized that hard work a willingness to learn from your mistakes and living the serenity prayer is enough for a very good life.
&gt; How do I balance it?..You don't because you can't.  You do the next right thing and try to do it the right way.  You focus on what's in front of you and not on the things you don't have any impact over.  You choose to go with the flow rather than fight the wind...&gt; How do I end the quest?..By dying.  Instead you learn to enjoy the journey and make each day good by doing good.  ..&gt; When does a healthy interest in recovery turn into a obsession and a substitute?..When appropriate action turns into a series of spiritual awakenings/psychic changes/attitude adjustments.  When the angst and fear turns into peace and faith.  ..There are guides for doing this and people who can help you along the path.  You'll find them in meeting rooms online communities towering chapels and in volumes of written words.  Now what are you willing to do?
AA meetings for me.  There is a magic to it for sure.  Still...And I am not talking about Jezus or any other recognizable higher power there is a synergy that I can feel in the meetings that is very real...Given the misfits fuckups louts and other overly intelligent idiots assembled in one room the mere fact that we are all not crazy on the same day is amazing.
I used to live under the distinct impression that I was the star of my own movie and everything operated to serve my unfolding plot which was about discovering a secret.  This magical thinking got me in a lot of trouble when I was still drinking. Sober now I still sometimes think I'm in a movie.  I now concede that I am at best a bit player--and it turns out that this realization is the secret that I was always looking for.  This discovery took me off the hook for all the guilt and shame and burden that I carried around for too long.  All I have to do now is live today the best that I can.
Magic potions are for wizards not human beings.                     .There is magic in sobriety with personal growth.
[deleted]
My magic potion is a summed up in a scenario that happened to me this weekend...My car broke down my wife and children were stuck a few towns away.  I was sober and able to deal with it.  After I got the car I had the money in the bank to have it fixed because I hadn't drank and gambled it all way again like I would have a little over a year ago.  ..I tried to find some solution for my self to make me a "better sober me". For me being there for the people that need and love me is better than any other solution. Reaching out to others and staying out of my own head has made me a grateful and recovering alcoholic. ..Also as much service to my AA fellowship as I can make time for.  Good luck to you. 
