-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1oico1/live_music_events_especially_electronic_and_rap/

Do any redditors who have been able to maintain sobriety attend music festivals raves concert venues and parties bar/stage type venues where live music occurs?  I have an incredibly strong passion for live music.  This passion is not tied to the alcohol but there is a lot of it as well as drugs flowing at these events and I have definitely broken my sobriety there before.  If I choose to be sober does that mean I have to give up my passion for seeing live music?  To be fair to live music events I have broken my sobriety at far less interesting places and I havent been able to find a pattern of people or events that directly cause it other than myself.  I have attended some of these events sober and still had a great time.  I love to dance i love nightlife meeting new people etc.  It just also happens to be a situation where alcohol is readily available.  I know this sounds like someone saying "can i still go to a bar as long as i dont drink" but it is different than that.  I look forward to seeing my favorite bands djs and artists with more passion than pretty much anything else in life right now so if sobriety means I have to give that up it is very daunting and quite frankly not something im sure I would even want to do.  Any advice would be appeciated.  FYI my badge probably isn't correct yet. Today is my 3rd day after my most recent relapse.
----------immediate responses--------

Went to gregorol bordello sober the smell of Weed was a trigger but I was glad to be able to jump around like a maniac without getting tired from all the drinking I used to do. ..It was excellent. ..Earplugs are a must. They help me remember that I am responsible. 
Music Festivals venues and bars.  I love live music and go whenever I get an opportunity.  I took a 6 month break from live music when I got sober at the suggestion of my sponsor and it was HUGE for me.  In that time I was able to start my recovery while avoiding all the temptations of the scene I loved.  ..Now the music scene is much BETTER sober.  I can be fully present and actually enjoy each and every set for what it is.  I can look back and remember little nuances and things that happened rather than only being able to recall a vague "haze-like" atmosphere of the evening...The thing that really helped for me was assessing my motives for attending a concert.  Am I going because I really want to see this band or because I miss the atmosphere of the scene?  I used to get really fucked up at this venue is this band worth it or will they be back again later?  Am I going tonight because my friends want to or because I do?  Questions like this really helped me say no to things that would have placed me in a slippery spot...Also having another like minded friend with you is great.  Being accountable for my actions is important and having a friend there that knew my situation helped me feel less awkward.  But be warned if that friend doesn't know that you are trying to stay sober they can easily say or do something that could trigger...The only thing that I really have stopped is raves.  I tried once and just looking around at all the saucer eyed people really freaked me out.  Its also ALOT harder to go all night without some sort of chemical to keep you going :)..TL;DR Take a break for a bit get your shit together check yo self bring a friend dance the night away.
[deleted]
I waited for about a month after quitting before I resumed going to concerts including a 4-day festival which I enjoyed much more sober (even though I was pretty sad that my ex of 6 years wasn't there as usual). That was long enough for me to get used to the idea that I didn't drink...A couple of tips/thoughts that worked for me: ..* Water! Water! Lots of water!.* Take it easy..* Have somebody around who 'knows' and who you can talk to when things get difficult..* Have an escape plan. For me having a plan beforehand relieved me of so much pressure that I haven't needed to use it. .* Listen to your body leave when you're tired or otherwise not ok. You can no longer drink yourself over the hump and you might as well face that. Also dutch courage doesn't work with water..* Nobody is forcing you to have 'fun'...In a week I'll be going to my first concert alone (CHVRCHES :) and I'm eager to enjoy it to the fullest and put the lessons I've learned to good use!
