-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1oo7hu/well_ive_made_a_huge_change/

I quit my job. As a bartender.....I posted a few weeks ago about my most recent nose-dive off the wagon and caught a lot of grief about my profession and the fact that I taste cocktails and new product.  Because I never felt the urge to drink on the job I didn't consider that an issue.  ....I was so wrong.  Even though I didn't want to drink on the job it made drinking seem normal. Like an ok thing to do. Like why can't I do that and be ok? I was constantly reminding myself of the reasons I decided to quit and that it would not end well if I went home and had a glass of wine.  One glass tonight turns into three tomorrow and into half a fifth of whiskey a night by next week.....I was honest with my manager about why I was leaving and he was so amazing.  He offered to sit down and talk about it and shared a little of his own struggle with alcohol.  He told me that I was absolutely doing the right thing by choosing to leave and suggested a few other positions within the company.....I'm looking forward to making this a positive change for myself.  I am not really sure what to do after 15 years in the industry but I hope to figure it out soon.  For now I'll be taking a retail job- I think.  ...Anyways just wanted to check in with you all.  
----------immediate responses--------

Brave and congratulations on making another good choice!
[deleted]
I hear courage and wisdom. Congratulations!
That is a huge step towards recovery. Well done on making the move.  I really hope it works out for you.  I am sure it will as you seem to be a determined person.  For me I put my sobriety above all else because if it goes the rest of my life will fall apart (slowly which is the hard bit).  Good luck.
That's so fantastic that your boss was so understanding and was able to reciprocate. Good luck it sounds like you are making really great decisions for your future!
That is so great! I think you made the right choice. So cool that your boss is supportive. Congratulations.
I am so happy you made this step for yourself! I was really concerned for your recovery when you were talking about tasting he drinks to make sure they were made correctly. Ugh... I can't even begin trying to do that and stay sober let alone being around drinking all day/night long. ..Try to remember during your transition that change is hard but can be good and in this case necessary...Keep it up! :-)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Support can come from the most unlikely of places. It's amazing what a weight it can take off your shoulders when you can be honest with those around you.My boss and co workers have been awesome. I lost my license due to my problem and without their support I could have easily lost my job.  Good luck to you!
Clearly you are committed to not drinking.   A (non alcoholic) toast to you for taking the leap!
I used to work at a liquor store and can only imagine the temptation if I would have tried to quit then.  Of course I didn't have a problem back then. :P..I wish you the best of luck in all of your endeavors. 
Nicely fucking done.
Good for you!  I remember your previous posts.  I suspected that you'd eventually come to this conclusion.  I thought it would take much longer &amp; involve a lot more heartache though.  I am so glad I was wrong.  ..From what I can tell the sobriety [dinosaurs](http://tshirtgroove.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/RAWR-means-i-love-you-in-dinosaur-t-shirt.jpg) around here didn't get where they are based on willpower they got there by having the balls and the brains to make good decisions.  Sounds like you've got 'em both in spades. ..I can say girls have balls right?  Maybe ballz would be better. Sobrietyz ballz.  They're breakin' out all over this joint...Kudos!
Great news :) Hospitality industry traits translate very well into customer service oriented roles.
Way to go indie kitty. Huge courage and kudos. 
