-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1p3qnx/slipped_hard_fell_hard/

I relapsed this weekend and got a DWI on Friday & another one + 5th degree drug possession on Saturday. Spent the last 4 days in jail. My marriage is damaged beyond repair & I'll find out tomorrow if I still have a job. .Sorry for the pity party I just had to get this out there to some people who know what this is like.
----------immediate responses--------

jesus. I'm sorry pal.
That's one hell of a relapse. Thank you for sharing. 
You said you relapsed. How long had you been sober?  Why do you think you relapsed?  What's your plan going forward?..That's a lot of bad stuff to take in. Hang in there.  You can get past this. 
We are here for you. No matter what man no judgements.
I'm sorry to hear that. As long as you can use this as motivation to not pick up the next glass you'll be stronger for it. 
I feel for you my friend. Hang in there. 
Jail may have saved your life by stopping you.        .**Stay stopped.**      .Unfortunately you now have even more "reasons to drink"  but as always drinking is not going to help any of them.
That's unfortunate. I'm sorry that happened to you.
Wow that's tough. Well here's your kick in the butt to reset. Hang in there - no matter how low it takes you - it's always worth it and you'll always come out on top.
Sorry bro. Stopping won't fix what's happened to you but it will keep it from happening again... And not stopping basically guarantees that it will happen again. Just remember that. ..Good luck. 
This is either going to break you or make you an incredibly strong person. Shoot for the ladder. You can do it.
I don't want to sound terrible here but you got two DWI's in one weekend? I didn't think that was possible. There are innocent people out on the roads Mothers Fathers Sisters Brothers.  Your carelessness is probably going to be responded to appropriately. One slip-up is not excusable (I have been there) but to simply go out and do it again means there might be more of an issue than drinking here. Good luck to you and please have some restraint and stay OFF the roads until you are able to control yourself. Hopefully the courts will help with that. I know this sub is not about judgement but like I said you put too many innocent lives at risk for me to side with you on this one. .BTW: Many here are saying this "happened TO you" that is a false assessment.  
Man. I'm really sorry to hear that. .About your marriage being damaged beyond repair I hope you can work things out. Maybe your SO will understand and provide you some emotional support. 
