-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pdpqx/complacency/

In a few days I'll hit the 5 month mark (hell yeah!). Life is SO damn good and I can't imagine going back to drinking. ..My thoughts this morning are on complacency. It's becoming really easy to not think about my recovery as fervently as when I was only say a month sober. It's easy to start the day off with (for example) reading a good book instead of getting my mind set for the day's battle against the bottle. It's being easy to get complacent. ..And here's where the struggle is: balance. Balancing my life so that I can focus on my family my hobbies my job etc and still focus on the battle for sobriety. I don't want to go to a meeting every day; I want to stay home with my kids every day. But in order to do that long term I have to stay sober. ..There are too many stories of people going back to the bottle after they thought they had it beat for me to be comfortable in my sobriety. ..Anyway I appreciate all of you who visit here and value your insight. Let me know what you think.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah don't get too comfortable and find meetings that you enjoy people you look forward to seeing and hearing.   Makes it less of a chore.
Needs &gt; Wants..Especially in early sobriety. When you take care of what you need to do to stay sober the wants will follow.
Congratulations on five months!! I definitely know the feelings. At the end of September I hit 6 months and it was a godsend that I made it. ..Once I had hit 90 days I went through a period of about three weeks of still fervently working my program but then I started taking college classes I took a service position in an AA group and subsequently adjusted my meeting schedule. Between 4-5 months this service position started and it was chairing a meeting on a night that I has previously set aside for meeting with my sponsor. Lasted about 6 weeks before I had to put my foot down and stop. ..I too felt complacent and felt that "a meeting is a meeting" and it shouldn't matter where I'm going. However just like you said it's a balance. I have gotten so much back in the (now seven!) beginning of my sobriety but I can't afford complacency. What I've taken to doing (since i am pretty busy in my personal life) is to guarantee that I will go to at least three meetings a week and to set aside time to either read or just to sit there for a couple of hours and call other people in the program. I also quit my service commitment and I'm back to my old routine. ..tl;dr: complacency can sneak up on you. Find time for meetings and reaching out to others and you'll feel better nearly instantaneously. 
[deleted]
Sometimes the rest had to be put on the back burner so I could focus on building a solid sober foundation.  The result is that I'm closer to the being the person I want to rather than the person I was and I'm home plenty...Balance involves learning to far in one direction or the other and making corrections.  The beauty of sobriety is that we realize much quicker that we're leaning.  We don't ever achieve perfect balance tight rope artists and gymnasts never do but rarely do we end up falling off and scuffing up our knee caps...Please take the necessary short term actions that'll provide long term benefits.  Don't hesitate to take your kids to the meetings with you.  And recover via the steps not the meetings.  
It is a legitimate objective. However I think we need to put in the extra effort at first. Where were the family the hobbies the job etc in the epic era of boozing? I know my answer to that one. I know I need to rely on my support system to get me through this. The point is to become what I can be not just be the old me without the booze. The way I see it it takes some work and a little time. And you can enjoy life on the way. It's a bit like walking and chewing gum at the same time. Good luck 
Good for you on making it 5 months; it's a solid beginning on a new life or renewal of the life you planned on.
Sounds like a dream recovery to me.  I'm got my 67 days and I don't crave alcohol at all (most days).  But I'm just NOT CONTENT at all.  Restless bored distracted depressed anxious etc. What is your secret?
I'm just a couple of days behind you in sober days and I definitely feel that sense of complacency sneaking up on me.  Even when life is hard it is still good and I try not to take that for granted.  ..I don't feel like I have "beat" the bottle like you were talking about.  The bottle beat me over the head too many times for me to think that happened.  I know that I can never drink.  Ever.  I'm grateful for that awareness.  Thankfully I also don't ever have the urge to drink so I don't have battle that every day....It sounds like you are in AA - if so are you working the steps?  I think the way to boot my own self out of my complacency is to finish up the 6-7th steps.  I was sort of struggling with the whole magical thinking of it awhile back but I think I have a way to wrap my brain around it to complete them and move on to the next step.  I go to 3 meetings a week and while I know they help keep my head on straight and pointing in the right direction working the steps is important to my spiritual growth. ..
