-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pf0t1/3_days_sober_just_found_this_group/

I was two weeks sober went to a bar with a friend relapsed woke up on his couch and thought to myself "Yay I didn't get in trouble while drunk!" which should obviously highlight the troubles that alcohol has given to me in my life. I realized that after the 5 at the bar and the sixpack on the way home I can't control my drinking once I've started. Waking up hungover and realizing how terrible I felt and that I was either hungover or drunk for two years of my life was kinda a surprise to myself...Anyways two weeks before that I had decided to binge particularly bad one day. I was upset over a girl upset at my band my family and decided to drink it off. Put some vodka in a soda and drink the whole day wherever I went. Wound up at a bar that night lost my keys and fell in a ditch. Cops found me at a grocery store bloodied and muddy and they got me to a hospital. I sorta decided after that being grateful I didn't wind up in jail or seriously hurting myself or someone else to stop drinking...I don't quite know what to do with my life right now. I honestly don't know how to hang out with friends without alcohol being involved. I can't hang out with those I used to drink with for the sake of drinking. Coffee cigarettes and video games are getting me by so far. I don't count the days just every once in a while I recall the last time I drank. I'm hoping that that will turn into so long ago I can only estimate my last drink to a year and a month...Well hi y'all. It's nice to be sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you on trying. I've told people before that you should print out your post and keep it around for when you get that urge. Maybe you should looking into AA or if that's not your style maybe SMART google it. There's also the chat here on the right side. Best of luck to you! 
What helped me socially and every other way possible was AA. Give it some thought.
it's a nice place to visit and see other people fighting the good fight.  welcome!
I see you have the badge # right. It helps. It's helping me. I feel like a five year-old like "seven minutes" in time out is some kind of eon without a drink..It's going to get worse before it gets better I'm told. I'm foggy and irritable right now. Get yourself some projects and plan things to do. I'm processing pictures but you should play some music maybe. Dunno. But spare time is your enemy here man. Fill your time with some positive things to do. If you have a friend who'll just "hang" out (it's best to set expectations as low as possible so you don't feel that social performance anxiety etc) with you then arrange that too. Be cool man. You got this..
