-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pgiwo/just_turned_up_to_an_aa_meeting_and_noone_was/

But I've found another one that's on in an hour so I'm going to go and hit up that. I presume the one that I've just been to has finished because the church is undergoing renovations by the looks of things guess they didn't update the website though...I've been trying to quit the booze for the last 12+ months and keep ended up on a 3-4 day binge every single weekend. This leads to be feeling horrendously shitty on Mon/Tues and swearing off the booze for good only to come to Weds/Thurs and feel good again and think it would be cool to get drunk. Getting drunk always turns into me getting blackout drunk for 2/3/4 days in a row. ..Last week I said to myself 'I got this I feel so crap that this is 100% the end of my boozing days'. Got to Thursday and started what was to turn into a 4 day session where I got blackout drunk 3 nights in a row and ended up drinking 2 bottle of wine on Sunday to push back the hangover. Of course yesterday was one of the worst days of my life. Depression anxiety paranoia etc. etc. So I said to myself I need to get to AA because it's so bleeding obvious that I can't do this on my own...I'm planning on going to a meeting every Tuesday and Thursday with the hope that they will take through the week booze free. I will then go to another meeting on Friday or Saturday to help me through the weekend as that's when I mostly suffer my relapses. ..Cheers for listening hope you're all well (and sober). 
----------immediate responses--------

My first meeting I showed up at the wrong church. :) It happens find that meeting and sit your butt down! Tell someone it's day 1.. Going it alone is painful and it doesn't need to be that way...I ended up doing a meeting every day for 3 months when I started.. not telling you to do that but for me it's what I needed at the time. ..You can do it! Just don't drink today! :)
Yes  try another.  They are remarkably consistent for such an unorganized outfit but this does happen occasionally.
[deleted]
It happens; some groups just don't get people for a certain day and time. The local intergroup association (which coordinates the groups and publishes the meeting list) does update the list regularly but not necessarily every month. Good for you for getting to another meeting.
