-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pgnad/50_days_of_success_a_shout_out_to_my_support/

50 days is the longest I've gone in my adult life without drinking.  I'm certain that this is the longest I've gone since I was a teenager and starting college life...It's been an interesting 50 days:  I'm less depressed I've lost 15 lbs I don't have sleep apnea anymore (!!!) and I can hike 10 miles like its nothing.  Life is pretty good.  I got married 3 weeks ago and didn't drink at the rehearsal or reception despite massive temptation...But this isn't about me it's about my support system.  This is so key and it has worked well for me.  Reach out to those close to you and let them know what they need to do to help you early on in sobriety.  After the first month it gets much harder to commit because the psychological addiction will kick in eventually.  I had to tell drinking buddies not to let me drink with them anymore I told my wife that she cannot condone me drinking at home and I admitted to my therapist how awful my drinking had actually become...When I started I assumed my alcoholism was strongly tied to clinical depression but it became clear early on that I'm addicted no matter my mood.  However my weakest moments occur when I get the first inklings of depression and anxiety so treating those personality disorders has been just as important as avoiding alcohol.  Given the nature of my addiction and my personality I have not used AA or SMART but my therapist has recommended these programs if I relapse. ..My wife has been supportive but also strict.  When I say "Do you think I should able to drink on X holiday?" She reminds me that we have *tried* that before and it never works.  She reminds me that any excuses to drink are just that: excuses.  She listens to me complain about how I miss drinking October fest on the first day of fall or how I want a scotch and a campfire or so on and so fourth.  My life *revolved* around drinking so everything I did was a trigger.  She's there to listen and let me blow off steam...My best friend and former drinking buddy has been surprisingly supportive.  When I want to falter he's the person I say "Man. I need a fucking beer."  He'll refuse to take me up on the offer.  I'm surprised because it's been a big part of our friendship for a decade.  The nature of our friendship has changed a lot for the better.  We used to drink together and commiserate about how much life can suck; now we go hiking and get dinner and commiserate on how much life can suck.  ..Therapy has been excellent.  I have self esteem issues episodic depression and social anxiety.  My mind has been my own worst enemy for my whole life and alcohol was a way to quiet the nagging voice of self-hatred.  Therapy has been helpful because it's essentially an outsiders opinion that is well-informed and not biased.  I was going once or twice a week and now I'm just going once or twice a month...r/stopdrinking has been really important.  I think I get out of r/stopdrinking what many people get out of AA:  A chance to hear from other people so I can learn from their failures and successes.  It's also a place where I can feel good about *my* success.  If I told my friends "I didn't drink for 50 days." They'd be happy for me but honestly they wouldn't grasp the significance.  They themselves have not struggled with addiction.  Many of you in r/stopdrinking have struggled with addiction.  So when you say "Great job man" It means a lot; even if it is a random stranger on the internet.  For example four days ago I was frustrated and posted my problems.  It was so encouraging to hear from dozens of people that 'They had been in the same position as me in the second month too.'  Without r/stopdrinking I'd feel much more isolated..
----------immediate responses--------

That's all great.  It sounds like your support system has been great for you.  It also helped me to put a lot of energy into changing how I thought about alcohol.  The Allen Carr book in the sidebar helped me do that.  I no longer put drinking up on this pedestal like I had before.  I saw it for what it was: at best consuming a beverage and at worst a vile poison that could ruin my life...It was hard and at 50 days I wasn't where I am now.  Back then I still used to feel like I was missing out when I wasn't drinking.  I no longer feel that way.  It doesn't (and shouldn't) matter what's in my cup for me to have a good time.  It could be coffee or water or root beer...I was concerned about the times that my support system *wasn't* around for me.  I needed to make sure that I was strong enough myself to deal with cravings or frustrations that might make me want to drink.  And that has served me well...Good luck and keep it up!
Very happy for you! Sounds like your wife is really supportive.. be sure to thank her for that.. It will mean a lot to her...You can do it.. you're already starting to see how much better life can be without drinking and how many problems drinking created for you. ..I think it's normal to romanticize drinking for a while (like the scotch and the campfire) but realize you need to continue that thought process through to the end.. Sure one scotch over a campfire sounds nice.. but it wasn't really one scotch was it? what did that one drink lead to and did you do anything stupid at the end of the night? what did you feel like the next morning? It's normal to think about things we used to do but don't fool yourself into thinking that was the whole story. :)..Keep up the awesome work!
Great story very inspiring.
Congratulations on 50 days and also for having the emotional awareness to understand how much for your success is tied to your support system. 
Great post.  I like reading about other people's tools and methods for success!!!
