-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1phlf2/relapse_this_is_harder_than_i_thought_ideas/

Halloween weekend. I figured this would be a tough one. I made it about a month and a half and I thought I could just have a couple beers be fine and just have a moderate night but then it turned to shots and mixed drinks. The whole moderation idea I had in my head seems to never be a reality. I blacked out and woke up with the same regret we have felt plenty of times. Wheres my keys who did i piss off how much money did i spend ect. As a single guy meeting people can be tough and hanging out with your friends feels like you're being left out if you don't drink. Excuses sure but fears that I have. My friends don't pressure me to drink and the last month haven't really said anything about it but I felt awkward. How can i still have fun and be sober and go out to bars and hang with my friends who are social drinkers. I have talked to most of them about it. They all understand and put no pressure on me. Hell halfway through the night my boy said we should just hang back after that shot but noooo i go an order another one. Its really because i'm un-comfortable in my own skin and when being outside of a comfort-zone alcohol washes the dread away but always at a cost for me in particular. How can i still have fun being sober without looking at others poorly for drinking. I'm no better than them maybe its just an adjustment period? I dont know. Any ideas?
----------immediate responses--------

I was never able to be comfortable in my own skin until I got serious about my recovery.  I also had to stay out of bars in early sobriety.  I never made any progress until I admitted that I could not control and enjoy my drinking.  I became willing to try things a different way.  AA worked for me.  I hope you find something that works for you.  
Try telling them you are 'bad at drinking'.  You seem like you are pretty bad at drinking so I doubt they will disagree.  Those who are good at it still can do it.
&gt; Its really because i'm un-comfortable in my own skin and when being outside of a comfort-zone alcohol washes the dread away but always at a cost for me in particular...Lots of people are uncomfortable in their own skin. Not all people use alcohol to wash that feeling away.
