-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1piez2/drinking_has_been_on_my_mind_a_lot_lately/

This is my first post here. I've been sober since mid-March. I went to rehab for two months & relapsed almost immediately after I got out. I quickly got back on the wagon and against all odds things have been smooth ever since. ..Only the past 2 weeks I've been wanting a drink so fucking badly. I'll catch myself on the aisle with the alcohol before I even realize it. I'm craving a drink. I'm starting to fantasize about it. I'll read about people drinking....normal people...and I'll be so jealous. I'm starting to feel incomplete.
----------immediate responses--------

Just make a commitment not to drink today.  Have you looked into any support groups?  You don't have to do this alone there are other people who know what you're going through and are willing to help you along your journey.
I try to fill time some of the drinking time of days gone by with sober activities like volunteer tutoring. You would be surprised at the demand for warm bodies that can read to work in Adult Literacy Programs.  
[deleted]
Too bad you have negative feelings about AA because it helped me so much especially the steps the very thing you are resisting. They taught me how to live a sober happy life. Isn't it interesting how we perceive things in such different ways? If I hadn't written out a thorough first step when I was in treatment it would have been easy to forget what happens when I drink. The paperwork is yellowed now but my respect for the power of alcohol to destroy my life remains. 
You know that drinking won't make you complete. So don't even bother giving the idea any weight. It's a figment of your sick brain. I felt that way for a long time after quitting both weed and opiates. ..Find something else to get addicted to besides alcohol. Something that will give your life purpose. Start a project do something you've always wanted to do... Trust me the cravings will vanish when you fill the gap. 
