-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pt9bn/young_person_and_sobriety/

Hey guys I find reading through this very helpful in times of weakness. Anyway I've been struggling with alcoholism and I'm a 24 year old male. I quit drinking this summer for 2.5 months but went back out thinking I could handle it. Well a few events transpired and it has become very clear to me that I am an alcoholic and need to stop completely. My biggest fear is being so young and having to change my social life. I've had a solid core group of friends since 2nd grade that I don't want to lose. The only problem is they love to drink and drink often. I've got alot on my mind and dont want to ramble but I was just wondering if there were any young people on this thread that could offer some advice.
----------immediate responses--------

Got sober at 25. Lost all my high school friends due to drinking when I was 21. Friends don't stick around forever they have breaking points...You don't have to change your social life when you quit drinking but I highly recommend it. If you're an alcoholic like me being vigilant about sobriety is my number one priority.
Would the same logic apply if you and your friends were intravenous drug users?  For me thinking of alcohol as a drug just like any other with its own set of effects and consequences has helped to make better decisions about it.
26/m here. Quitting booze because it was fucking up my life end of. Friends should be friends without booze...Socially you might see a change as you swap sober activities for alcohol related activities but that's the fun part right?
I lost a lot of friends sure but I also have some who are vry understanding. I've made new ones as well. ..True colors will show. You'll meet new people. You have to do what is best for YOU. If that means not hanging out with some people for a while then do it. It's your life man and when you have a bit of time together you will be able to go anywhere and everywhere and you can hang out with the old friends and be strong about not drinking. 
I'm 23 so I'm dealing with the same concerns. My social life mainly revolved around drinking as well and when I made the decision to quit I was scared of becoming a hermit. When I was still drinking I wanted to hang out with friends every night and I couldn't stand being alone. What I've noticed over the past 5 sober days is that the almost unbearable yearning to be social (that usually overtakes me in the evenings) has decreased substantially. I feel okay being by myself...Now that isn't to say I don't/won't want to spend time with my friends. As the other people commenting said the people who are real friends WILL do sober activities with you. At the very least even if they drink around you they will make the effort to have an actual activity involved instead of just sitting around at the bar. Get creative make invitations for daytime activities (or nighttime ones). If your friends aren't interested in anything other than drinking then recognize you deserve companions that value the same things you do. ..I'm new to this whole thing and can't give you much perspective. But I'm personally happy I no longer have to cling to friendships that were thinly disguised excuses to continue my drinking. Now I'm much more grateful for the friends I've made that no longer live by me (aka the ones I couldn't drink with so they didn't "count" as friends anymore). It's okay to be afraid I think. I'm very afraid. But I'm not nearly as afraid as I was before I chose sobriety.
Just turned 25 a couple months ago. Just getting sober now. ..My advice is try out a lot of different meetings until you fine one with your age group. And post here a lot. There are A TON of young people getting sober is big cities. You are not alone! Post here a lot it helps! 
I was 26 when I stopped.  It was difficult to not hang out with them for the first couple of months but they understood what I was trying to do.  If your friends are good friends they should understand what you need to do.  During those months I went to AA meetings and made a bunch of sober friends.  ..I have 2 years in and my older friends completely understand and my sober friends are always there for me.  I was just at a party yesterday night.  It was a halloween party and of course there was drinking.  One of my friends brought apples that were soaked in bourbon.  But she knows that I don't drink and that I can't because of what happens when I do.  But she told me which ones were the alcoholic ones and which weren't.  ..**TL;DR  Take a couple of months off of hanging out with old friends until you are comfotable with sobriety.  If they are good friends they will understand.**
I'm blessed that I figured out I needed to quit for good as early as 33 years of age. I have reason to hope that I have the best years of my life ahead of me thanks to making that change. But when I see folks like you in the younger "drinking age" years worried that they will miss out all I can say is *I only wish* I had thought to give up drinking ten years earlier. I cannot impress upon you how much improved your life will be by resolving to not drink. As well you will be able to *remember* the rest of your 20s! ..Also once you get used to life without alcohol it's not terribly difficult to be social with friends who drink. I do all the time the only noticeable change is that I realized how boring drunk conversation actually is. That and I don't stay too long at parties. :)
25/m..In a nutshell I need to take care of this problem now before it takes care of me later. And when I say "take care of" I mean "kill."
I was at an AA meeting the other day.  I shared about this exact sentiment.  How my friends are distancing themselves and how I am scared of my social life changing (I am a young guy as well).  Another guys chimed in after and spoke about how he felt crippling loneliness at first.  His phone was not ringing at all.  He explained how he owned a restaurant and had thousand's of acquaintances none of whom were calling.  He then went on to explain how since he gave it time and really worked the program he has made many real friendships not just drinking buddies.  He said something that will stick with me "I have thousands of acqaintances however after joining the program I have dozens of truly great friends."   ..This advice helped me I hope it helped you.  
21 year old here. Luckily a majority of my friends aren't heavy drinkers. Have you considered getting a non alcoholic beverage while they are drinking or suggesting an activity that does not involve alcohol?
