-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pvvu6/i_guess_you_have_to_start_somewhere/

...and that time is now and the place is here. Of course I'm currently at work so it's not an issue. The difficult part will be  as soon as I walk in the door at home. ..My daily ritual consists of going to work coming home and immediately pouring myself a drink and having no less than 5 before I drink myself to sleep. It wasn't always like that it just gradually became that way. My husband and I have been slowly drinking more and more over the last three years and we didn't really even notice that it was becoming a problem. We've both been drinking for over a decade but it didn't become a real problem until we noticed it was affecting our work and relationship with each other...My husband decided last week that he wasn't going to drink until the weekend. He drank O'douls all week while I sat next to him sipping whiskey insisting I didn't really have a problem. Then I noticed how much more energy together mentally and more proud of himself he was. I got used to coming to work feeling like shit so I didn't really blame the drinking. It takes me a few hours to 'get it together' and I find myself struggling with remembering simple things throughout the day...So this is it. I've done some research texted my husband and I'm ready. I've admitted to myself that it's an issue and it needs to be resolved. I'm going to start by drinking O'douls during the week and only allowing myself to drink on the weekend. My husband had a few drinks this last weekend and he said he hated himself for it because he could tell how different it made him feel. I'm hoping it'll do the same for me...I'm glad I found this sub and I'm going to be looking for support here a lot I'm sure. Even if it just means reading everyone else's posts...Thanks for being here guys!
----------immediate responses--------

You and I share the same ritual although I start drinking on the way home.  I'm also a whiskey drinker.  It's early days for me but I've beaten myself into the ground with my drinking and can't stand feeling like this anymore...Here's what I did so far:..1. Removed all alcohol from my home..2. When I go to work I don't bring any cash or credit cards...I wish you the best of luck!.
If there is any family history of alcohol abuse you are at risk for the disease of alcoholism. Sounds like you are wondering... Good luck with your plan. Keep us posted. 
Thank you for sharing and welcome to the sub.  I wish you the best in your desire to moderate.  I know for me personally it's not an option.  I've attempted to moderate in the past only to rather quickly pick up right where I left off.  The only way that I can stop myself from getting drunk is by not picking up a drink in the first place. 
I have tried this so many times I can't count.  First it was I was only going to drink on Friday.  Then it became the weekend. Then what's the difference if I had one during the week.  Then it is back to every day.  I wish you the best of luck with this.  I was never able to do it..
