-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pwh6a/39_days_sober_after_two_and_a_half_years_of_heavy/

Can an alcohol addicted person ever drink normal amounts again?..I could use some information and first hand accounts on the degree of entanglement relapse and withdrawal have. Will withdrawal sypmtoms set in after one drink two five? After two seven consecutive days of drinking again? Or not at all? I have no idea and haven't found a definitive answer yet..There was one guy on a forum for example who claimed that even after ten years of abstinence one week of binge drinking caused delirium tremens.. .I'm solely interested to be made aware of the physical consequences drinking again will have. The issue of keeping it at normal amounts being satisfied with one martini and not just having three is not germane to the discussion. I'm also not planning to be drinking again anytime soon - if ever - but I'd say that if I can't get the booze out of my head anyway I might as well keep thinking about it and try to understand alcoholsim better in the process...Ideally the outcome of this little compilation of experiences would be: After x days of drinking y grams of pure alcohol followed by z days of abstinence w grams of alcohol within q hours will most likely cause no withdrawal symptoms. .That's entirely unrealistic though for it is way too formularised. So let's just talk about your personal experiences and possible knowdlege of relapse induced withdrawal...Thank you for contributing.
----------immediate responses--------

I was surprised at the ferocity of my withdrawal when I relapsed.  People will tell you to look up "kindling"... You'll never get support for drinking in any way from people in recovery because most of us have tried and failed to make bargains. Repeatedly. .As much as we would all love to be normal drinkers. It.  Will.  Never.  Happen.  Ever.
Honestly does it really matter what the experiences of other people mean? Does it matter if you take the average withdrawal of millions of people to find the answer to your question?..Neither of those things has anything to do with YOUR LIFE and YOUR ABILITY to not let alcohol become the overriding factor in your life. If you can drink those one or two martini's and then go on and be fine the rest of this year well I say good luck to you. If you start doing that and suddenly you're back to whatever your previous levels were or worse I think your proposition about withdrawals means nothing at all in your life...&gt; Can an alcohol addicted person ever drink normal amounts again?..What is a normal amount? One beer on friday nights? A celebratory drink at a wedding birth funeral or work triumph? Is it only catching a buzz on the weekend? Is it drinking everyday and managing to keep your life in perfect working order?..There is no normal amount of alcohol that can be imbibed by the average person because people aren't an average and honestly alcohol isn't something normal to put in your body. Again if you can have a drink or two here and there and it never affects your life in any way... be cautious and good luck. If you can't... why worry about what level of normal is ok? You didn't drink before at some point and your life was fine. Why does it matter if you don't drink now?
I'm not qualified to give you my personal experience but check out the book "Sober for Good" by Anne Fletcher.  In her research she found a very small minority of former problem drinkers who were able to go back to moderate drinking.  However they are by far the exception not the rule.  From what I've researched if you go back to HEAVY drinking then the subsequent withdrawals when you stop will be worse than before...I think your specific question will have a highly individual answer for each person.  I'm not sure it's worth even trying.
[germane?](http://blogs.bet.com/entertainment/spotlight/bet-blog/assets/2010/12/jermaine1.jpg)
Alcoholism is progressive. Once you have crossed the line to dependence it is my understanding that they are finding out there are actually changes in your brain as to how you react to alcohol. My experience with alcoholics (aside from my personal experience of course) is mostly through AA and rehab though- no one would be there if they had found a way to suddenly drink successfully. I have heard that some people will start drinking again after a period of abstinence and have a few beers the first night but then inevitably they will be back to where they left off shortly. I've heard people who relapsed after 20+ years sober tell their stories and they were back to where they started and worse within weeks if not days. As for withdrawal specifically I don't know- my guess would be after a month of not drinking if you drink one night you won't go into withdrawal the next day? But I have never been a daily drinker so it's hard for me to say. 
    /me shakes 8-ball..    "all signs point to no"..A better answer perhaps is "maybe".  But testing this kind of thing is like testing if a gun is loaded by putting it to your temple and pulling the trigger.  From watching others try it I know the likelihood of "just a few drinks" is to go through another year or decade drunk before I come to my senses again.  The day I'm sober before my next drink could very likely be the last day I'm sober and alive.  ..Or not I don't know.  Maybe I can have a glass of wine with dinner a beer at a BBQ a shot at a party and then stop there and be content.  Maybe that's a fact but you know what I have no interest in performing such a test...I struggled with this "forever" thing for some months early in sobriety. Actually I think it was around your time of sobriety when I started to come to terms with it.  In the end I realized that I actually don't want to "drink like normal people".   For a long time my feeling was "I don't want to drink one or two I want to drink 10 or 12.  It's either nothing or it's everything."  But now I don't even want to drink like madman like I used to.  Sobriety is such a better state of being than drunk ever was.  Every day is more interesting and challenges are met instead of hidden from.  An amount of joy is found in daily struggle instead of the dread I used to find of daily existence...It's just too damn bad it took more than half my life of drinking to figure this out.  But now that I have no way in hell do I want to give it up..
[deleted]
The short answer is probably not...The longer answer is that once alcoholism has set into the brain those pathways have been forged for life.  It may be possible for them to revert but that could take decades.  Addiction is something that follows a progression and can only be halted (right now).  If you are an addict and go back to your substance of choice it will be just as bad very quickly.
