-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1pxwif/control_drinking_dreams/

I made it 9 days! Way to go me. Feeling great. Two big weekends ahead that will both of tests (one on business in London and another in Europe for a holiday). I feel ready to take on both...Something I've noticed during the last few days which I put 100% down to my sobriety: I feel like I am in full control of MY life and MY actions. That's not to say that life may throw a curveball my way that will prove to be a challenge but how I choose to react to it is in my full control. When I was drinking it's sad to say this wasn't the case. How would I react to something? Depends how much I'd drank that day or how hungover I was. I am now much more clear minded and able to think through before I act on something. This I am thankful for...I also had my first drink-related dream last night. In the dream I was in the shower and had a glass of red wine in my hand for some reason I was fully aware that I'd been drinking the wine and all I could think about was resetting my days and especially resetting my badge on stopdrinking. I poured the wine down the drain of the shower and floated into a different completely unrelated dream. I felt upset that I'd broken my sobriety and was extremely relieved when I awoke and realised 'it was just a dream...'. ..For everyone starting out on day 1 or 2 it's getting easier for me as the days go on maybe a habit is forming? Keep at it. For anyone struggling to get past the first few days or (like me) the first weekend get your ass to an AA meeting. I put off AA for so many attempts at sobriety and never got past the first weekend. I went to two meetings last week and here I am at the other side of the weekend. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been scared about my first week so thank you for this! And glad to hear it's getting better way to go! :)
AA meetings really helped me get through the weekends when I first started. I had a favorite Thursday night meeting (Thursday being the hipsters' Friday) a Friday night meeting and if I was still feeling antsy I'd hit a weekend day meeting...I also used to love getting up early on a weekend day and having a coffee &amp; bagel in the park. (Or at a cafe with a view of the park if the weather was bad.) I'd have breakfast maybe read the news and watch the city wake up around me. There is **a lot** going on at 9am on a Saturday and Sunday and it was something I never saw until I sobered up. I would sit there and enjoy seeing something that I would not see if I had been drinking. It may sound like a little thing but for some reason it helped me stay sober in that tough first year. I would be tempted once in a while then think "No I want to have breakfast in the park tomorrow morning. I can't do that if I'm sleeping off a hangover."..Not to say that breakfast in the park guarantees sobriety of course. But I think it was so helpful to me because it was a new routine. I really think half of learning to live sober is just developing new habits and having something you do with yourself regularly helps so much. 
Great progress. Congrats. I also had a booze dream last night ( I am on day 5 ). I was tasked by my grandparents to give away like 7000 samples of beer at the entrance to some church. In the dream I was driving around shopping for paper cups and a few kegs of beer to give away. 
Congrats on day 9 (I'm right there with you)!..I've had mild drinking dreams but my dreams as a whole have come back like crazy. I've always had really vivid dreams and they're getting really bad. Last night I was in some type of Breaking Bad situation and I'd gotten shot in the head but I was still conscious. My daughter was a football field away and I was trying to make my way to her to tell her goodbye before I died I knew I was dying. I do miss passing out enough not to have the dreams that's for sure. ..That being said I do like the feeling of being in control (during waking hours anyway) and I'm glad you're feeling the same. Good luck on your holidays!
AA meetings helped me immensely especially on weekends. Sometimes I went because it was a safe place to go and I didn't want to sit home alone. Whatever the reason I never regretted going and always left feeling stronger and more committed. AA got me through many rough patches. 
Please review the community guidelines linked in the sidebar. "Get your ass to an AA meeting" is the exact opposite of speaking from the I. Please speak from the I while participating here. 
I just got back from chairing one of the oldest continuous AA meetings in the world-- the whole thing lasted 15 minutes over my lunch hour (Okay: +15 minutes of catching up with old friends and my sponsor who is the permanent meeting secretary).  The lead speaker I selected said one thing that fits perfectly into my program of recovery I got habituated to sober practices like AA meetings.  And like you FTOR those meetings and other practices are keeping me sober today.
