-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1q1ou4/checking_in_some_thoughts_on_sobriety_including_a/

I'll be at 5 months in just a few days and I'm feeling pretty good. The first week was very easy. The next few weeks were very hard. After that it got easy again...The trick was holding out long enough that drinking stopped coming to mind. It's very similar to how I'll get into a TV show or videogame. For a few months I'm obsessed and will crave it. If you told me I could never watch Game of Thrones again it would wreck my night. And yet I'll eventually lose interest and a few months later realize that I haven't watched or played X in a long time...That's what drinking is like for me now. Though it took a lot of effort to _go_ those first few months for the most part I've successfully de-programmed myself I think. I'm not about to let down my guard but I haven't really been tempted in a long time either. Drinking just isn't something that I think to do anymore. In fact I can't believe I used to so much...I barely check in here anymore because I really don't think about sobriety very much. I know many people here talk about constant struggle and the daily battle. But that's not everyone. It's possible to get back to how it was before you ever started. Just now I'll stay on that path instead of straying like I did.
----------immediate responses--------

I too am very comfortable with out drinking. I continue to use support to keep my conviction limber.
That's a good way of looking at it. I've always thought of it less as 'not drinking' and more 'living sober' and once you get focused on it it becomes easier. I'll often comment on here about 'target fixation' which is basically your brain subconsciously steering you into what you focus on. Next time you're driving you'll see evidence of it on highways in the form of skid marks heading straight into road signs. People were watching the sign and even though they knew they didn't want to hit it they still found themselves steering into it anyway. So when people want to be sober and try to go about it by thinking "I don't want to drink I don't want to drink" they're steering into it. Focusing on what you *do* want for tomorrow keeps your mind to busy to worry about drinking.
Thanks for posting.  Please keep updating even if it is infrequent.  I do like to read that there are people for whom the powerful thoughts of alcohol fade away.  Gives me hope.
Don't become too complacent.  I haven't had to reset my badge in a while but I did when I became complacent.  Sorry for the warning!  5 months is amazing.  Keep up the good work.
Good job. Interesting analogy!!
