-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1q2dv4/im_struggling_with_the_idea_of_taking_a_break/

So I'm about 11 weeks without a drink.  I quit mainly because I was referred to a liver specialist with high enzymes.  Everything on that front looks good.  No perm damage...I'm going away for the weekend with my wife without the kids.  A part of my brain is trying to convince myself to have a cheat weekend like some folks do with diets...I see a lot of folks with posts struggling around the 2-3 month mark.  "I've made it this far I can have a drink or two."  So I know this isn't uncommon.  I know the vast majority out there will say don't do it...I feel like after not having a drink for 80ish days what is the big deal if I have a few days where I drink and then stop again for a few months.  From a big picture point of view what is more important?  Stringing together consecutive days?  Or have a very high percentage of days the rest of my life where I don't drink?..I feel like it won't be hard to choose to stop again.  I don't feel like I'm going to get hammered just have a few drinks with my wife...Even after typing it all out I'm not sure this is something I really want to do.  Not sure if it is worth ending the streak.  Guess I'm just struggling with the idea of maybe I can drink like a normal person.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;From a big picture point of view what is more important? Stringing together consecutive days? Or have a very high percentage of days the rest of my life where I don't drink?..Your liver is the most important consideration.             .How did the enzymes get so high in the first place?                                        .You dodged a bullet. Why dance with the devil?
My advice is don't do it! But if you do we are still going to be here.  Be warned that a good number of people do what you are thinking and don't make it back.  Good luck to you and your liver whatever you choose.
If you choose to do it be aware that it might be very easy to stop after two or three drinks. So easy that you'll start thinking that you don't even need to abstain again for a few months because you're in perfect control. Unfortunately that control goes away quickly at least in my experience...I don't think a few drinks will make your weekend any better than it already will be and it's certainly not worth the worry that you're already experiencing or the regret that you might have later.
How did you end up at stopdrinking or with liver problems in the first place?  Did you intend for that to happen?  If not how can you say it won't happen again?..It's not that the consecutive days are important it's that exceptions tend to lead to more exceptions. I've quit before. Decided to have a drink after about 7 months.  Nailed it. Then I had a drink a month later.  I rule.  Then I had one 2 weeks later. Then 1 week later.  Then 3 days later. Then the next day. Then the next day. "Then the next day" x 800.  ..For most people if having a few drinks every once in a while without it becoming a bigger problem was possible they'd have done it by now. Certainly before developing elevated liver enzymes.  And definitely without visiting r/stopdrinking...&gt; I don't feel like I'm going to get hammered just have a few drinks with my wife...Sounds like having a few drinks isn't a big deal.  I agree. Except I think of it the other way around. "I don't feel like it's worth risking falling into my old patterns just to have a few drinks with my wife." ..Let's see have a few drinks that I probably won't even enjoy that much and risk spending the next god knows how many years drunk or skip those two meaningless drinks and not have to worry about it?  Even if the chance of the me falling into my old ways is astronomically low it's still an easy decision to make.  Why would I take that risk?..Or think of it like this:  Say you really like donuts.  OK copperhopper I've got two donuts here one is laced with cyanide pick one and eat it.  Too risky?  OK here are 10 donuts.  You have a one in 10 chance of dying.   How about 1/100?  How about 1/1000?  At what point does it become worth risking your life for a brief momentary pleasure?  A pleasure that won't even be all that pleasurable once you comprehend the risk you're taking?..Maybe you think "Eh I'd take the risk at 1/1000."  OK.  Now let's say it's not you eating the donut it's your wife. Or daughter.  Are you still going to take that 1/1000 risk?  That's essentially what we're talking about here.  Would your wife want you to take that risk?..Realistically your risk is much higher than 1/1000.  Even 1/100.  Probably even 1/10.  You've already ended up here once.  How can you say it won't happen again?
This is not you talking. This is that other voice in your head trying to convince you to pick up again. I get that too but now I just watch it talk and talk and when it stops talking I move on.
15 days ago I had 75 days sober and thought I could handle a few. I blacked out for 2 days and missed 3 days of work. ..Why risk it?..Also you'll enjoy your vacation *so much more* being sober and if you're anything like me your wife will enjoy you being sober as well...My friends recently confessed that anytime they saw me start drinking they would cringe. Sometimes I handled it but then there were the other times.. ..Drinking wasn't always like this but it will be forever more 
I did this when I felt overconfident about my sobriety and drank at a super bowl party. Yeah that night led me into another year before I had the resolve to quit again.
Just from an outside perspective I must say that it seems pretty risky for you to think about drinking again if you EVER have done physical damage to yourself like your liver enzymes or whatever through alcohol.  
[deleted]
[deleted]
