-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1q2yz9/im_being_a_dry_drunk_and_it_sucks/

I'm realizing lately that I've been keeping a lot of the same habits as I did  when I was drunk. Both in routines and personality-wise and as previously stated it sucks. ..For instance when I decided to give sobriety a serious go I decided that I wanted a virgin drink that would taste good and that would perhaps mimic the effects of an alcoholic drink. In my case I started making tonic & limes after work. Just like one. Or maybe two. ..I'm now at the point where I drink four or five. You see where this is going? But wait it gets worse...The other night I had the thought that *you know I could just take the bottle of tonic and these limes into my room and that way I wouldn't have to leave!* I used to do the exact same thing when I was drinking. I kept my beer in my room and only had to leave when I needed to piss or smoke. It's that isolation. It gets to the point where the booze is like your best buddy. I didn't need or want the company of other human beings; it was my "god lover mother and compadre." (DFW *Infinite Jest.*) ..But wait there's even more! ..The other morning at like eight o'clock I had just finished some chores (because I actually you know do shit in the mornings now) and would you like to know what I thought? I thought *a tonic and lime sounds good right now.* That's what crossed my mind. I used to drink whiskey at like eight in the morning. Like a fucking crazy person. A tonic and lime. At eight in the morning. Jesus. ..So there's that but I'm also kind of dick to people still. My personality has changed kinda. Overall I'm much happier but I'm still kind of a jerk sometimes especially at work. Before when I was drinking (never at work though) I was a jerk but I really didn't give a shit about other peoples feelings. I was a very self-centered person and still am to some extent. So while there's been progress there needs to be more. But I say there's been progress because I'm much more aware of my actions than I was before. There are many benefits to sobriety and I've reaped much but I've been floundering a bit lately. ..I don't feel in danger of relapsing or anything. I don't crave booze. I'm very grateful to be sober and I love it. But this dry drunk thing sucks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Dude. I think you should go easy on yourself. I drank fizzy water by the case when I first got sober and for a similar reason (bitter reminded me of booze somehow.) I frequently referred to fizzy water as my "lifeblood" and felt uncomfortable in social situations if I didn't have a bottle with me. Last year well into sobriety I bought a soda stream machine so I could drink fizzy water with lime juice all day long and not have to go to the store!..If tonic and lime makes you happy you drink all the tonic and lime you want!..But I'm curious why you say you're a "dry drunk". I've only ever heard that phrase used for people who are sober but not going to meetings. Is that what you mean or does it mean something else to you?
I know what you mean. I started to do the same thing with coffee as I used to with alcohol. It worried me a bit more as I wondered if I was just transferring to a new addiction in caffeine..After going sober I would get up earlier than my wife and we use a small 2 cup coffee pot I would make one pot have both cups then make another and have a 3rd cup before she got up. That way she would think I had only had one cup. Right back to my alcoholic thinking had done the same thing with wine back in the day when she would leave the room for a bit..I put the brakes on the coffee a bit once I noticed..
Your post made me laugh a little. I know there's some serious stuff in there but I don't think a lime and tonic will kill you. Just watch out for the calories in tonic water.
I'm in the same boat as you. And I don't totally get how much of what you said is serious and how much is funny- but I'm more accepting. Step one was to get sober. Step one is the only step...But yeah. I've switched to buying 2 liters of soda. Always 0 calories. I'll have at least 1 a day often 2. Sometimes more. And not just that but it matches the exact pattern as my old beer drinking in terms of how I do it and when...I think part of it is stuborness. It's like saying I can be sober and still act the same is a way of saying that how I _used_ to act wasn't all that bad. Does that make sense? Like if being sober is so great and I deliberately make it similar to being drunk then being drunk wasn't that bad...But again. Doesn't matter stayed sober...
Early sobriety is a rocky road. Most battle "old behaviors" in some form or fashion. Personally I've come to two conclusions on this front... 1. Don't beat yourself up over it and 2. I won't change my behavior until I arrive at a level where the pain of staying the same is greater than the pain of change. Stick with it and reach out to some sober folks who faced similar problems. Ask them what they did to overcome them. 
You should see all the seltzer bottles in my basement!  Who cares if you're a heavy tonic-drinker.  Go for it!  Just stay away from booze and you can deal with your tonic addiction in a few years.  Really man I wouldn't sweat it one bit drink all you want...As far as your personality and habits being similar to when you were drinking - give that time.  Just keep not drinking and don't worry about it habits don't change overnight.
I was told to worry about the things that were going to kill me first... giving up booze was first then a couple of years later I was able to start kicking cigarettes. That took a while but I'm now nicotine free for 2.5 years and I'm finding that I no longer like drinking so much caffeine so my behaviour is changing again. I now drink lots of decaff which is a great start but I'm finding that it makes me fart like a wildebeest so probably the next move will be to caffeine-free tea or water I don't know yet. ..The point is that being free of the booze allows me the space and the opportunity to make these changes and it takes time for my head to come to terms with some of this stuff. Pain is the driver of change and you'll gradually become so sick of apologising to people for being a jerk that it will be in your interest to start learning how not to be a jerk. Spoiler alert - not being a jerk is a lifelong project and one that I have only barely begun! ;)..It sounds to me like you're precisely where you are supposed to be and are doing whatever you need to avoid taking the next drink. Any day that you don't pick up a drink is a successful day so take it easy on yourself look at what you are doing well rather than focussing on the mistakes and keep doing what you're doing to stay sober one day at a time.  .
[deleted]
For me I've found that getting sober doesn't mean my personality automatically turns angelic. I'm still a depressed worrier and I probably always will be. When I'm sober I have to face this fact whereas before I drank it away. There are no miracles in sobriety no epiphanies. You feel better physically and mentally but you still have underlying issues. I guess ill either learn to live with them or try therapy and medication...nah I'll just live with it.
I think it's okay to replace a horrible addiction early on with a neutral one as you adjust.  I don't know anyone who's like "oh yeah my uncle died when he was 52... dude just couldn't stop knitting"
I wouldn't beat yourself up over tonic and lime. 
Nothing's going to change if nothing changes...Try changing up your habits.  Have you looked into exercising?  It's a great stress reliever and wears you out so that you're tired when bed-time comes...I have also been seeing a therapist.  She specializes in addiction and is a recovering addict herself.  She has helped me address some of the issues that I thought were ingrained in "who I am" and I feel like I'm an overall better person than I was a year ago...Like someone else pointed out early sobriety is hard.  Give yourself some credit for not drinking and some leeway for some of the other things (like enjoying a tonic and lime).
It's still early days for you. I ate Ben &amp; Jerry's by the pint when I sobered up. If you're concerned about the whole "pretending to still drink" thing then branch out a little; if you want a healthy alternative drink consider getting a juicer. ..As for your personal stuff well there are always the various programs. AA members often say that booze is really only 10% of the problem and some people introduce themselves at meetings with "Hi I'm an alcoholic and [their own name] is my problem." Not something that you need to jump on right away but something to consider.
The only way I know to get out of a dry drunk is working a recovery program.  But I agree that we can be our own worse critics--DFW was his worst.
I've been doing the same thing with coffee. I went to Starbucks with my sponsor after a meeting last night. I felt the cup getting empty and immediately thought "Oh I have to get another one before they close up." And I've never been a coffee drinker. So now I'm quitting coffee.
I'm right there with you mate.  My new bad habits are coffee and sugar.  And I'm so likely to flare up in anger over the slightest thing....I'm trusting that time and awareness is what I need.  I used booze to manage my feelings for 27 years.  I'm sure it will take quite sometime to re-adjust. 
When I first quit alcohol I was still addicted to "drinking". I went the coffee route. Bought the grinder researched all the new roasting companies drove miles and spent a lot of time and money on my new substance. None of it got me drunk..
You're doing pretty damn well dude. This actually comforted me a litte when I drank alcohol it was I felt a compulsive habit to take my mind off things if I didn't have a drink I'd go and grab a smoke. After 3 or 4 drinks on a night out my friends would give up on me because I'd be like a fucking jumping bean and just could not sit still. The point being yes alcohol was/is a big prolem for me but I now know having read this and observed my own "dry" behaviour that I've also got what is quite possibly adhd/ocd or something. When I sit in now on my ownI'll drink 3 litres of water smoke 40 cigarettes go for a couple of showers come back and then need to go and buy some grapefruit juice or something. Oral fixation I'm not sure but don't sweat it if it ain't gonna kill you. Sure being a douche to your work mates ain't good but fuck it one thing at a time right. Good luck bud.
&gt;a virgin drink that would .... mimic the effects of an alcoholic drink...**LOL!!!**..Thanks. 
[deleted]
