-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qchkc/sobriety_has_become_something_that_im_just/

It's not just that I know I need to do it it's that I finally actually want to. I don't even enjoy drinking anymore but everyday my internal monologue is "Well I drank last night so what difference will it take tomorrow if I drink tonight? It's not like I get hangovers anymore."..I'm not drinking tonight because I want last night to turn into last week to turn into 6 months ago. I want that because I've been through this before and I know that it gets easier. ..There was a point not too long ago where I couldn't even conceive of a life without alcohol/substances. It seemed horrible and mundane. Now I'm to the point where I can not only conceive of it I can picture it with crystal clarity. ..It doesn't look perfect. It's got its share of struggles and emotional turmoil and boredom but it looks a hell of a lot better than the reality I'm in right now. And I want it. I want to experience all of that boredom and turmoil with a clear head and the knowledge that I can deal with it. 
----------immediate responses--------

The addiction will keep trying to get you to drink again that's what that internal monologue is. Talking with others in recovery will help you because people can call you on your excuses to drink. Even just saying it you seem to recognize they are just excuses so that's a start. Take it one day at a time and stick around!
I too kind of felt like I was just putting off the decision to get sober. Finally something personal happened that made me decide the time is now and I am so glad I did. If nothing changes *nothing changes*. Sure sometimes I wasn't 'that bad' but I know now that I am SO much better than 'not that bad.'..Good luck. It's not easy but life isn't easy and it's so worth it. You've got to have a plan but the tools are available for you if look for them. 
I'm sure it's day 11 for me tomorrow I can't see my badge through this app. I know exactly what you mean. That was my mind set for 2 years straight. I was selfish and knew the right thing to do was quit. But I didn't and lost just about everything that was important to me. Well almost. Today's been amazing and full of productivity. I haven't met anyone in person that drank like me. Try a whole bottle of absolute vodka in a day ( the big 20 dollar one) or 2 bottles of Chardonnay (8 glasses) 18 beers in a matter of 2 hours. Shots after shots after shots with beers beers and beers at clubs and bars and being the only one making a fool of themselves. Yup that was me. 
Being sober isn't nearly all that boring. I used to drink while I read until the words would spin on the page or the computer screen. Then it just turned into listening to music because that took less effort..When you're sober you'll be writing and at least for me more productive in making music...You'll be in control instead of having something controlling you. Find out what you want to do with that...Exercise is a decent start. I used to be angry and have a drink. Now I get angry and go for a walk. I'll be jogging again soon.
Change can be difficult.  I'm proud of you for making the effort.  Never thought I'd say that to a cat penis...
[deleted]
