-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qfzm1/6_month_check_in_feeling_meh/

Day after day I feel I keep gaining clarity but I don't like what I see. Not drinking has opened a lot of doors. Maybe to many. I've gone from wasteful afternoons hungover to working all the time. I'm always working. Always. I fill my time constantly. When I'm not working I find puzzles to fill my time (projecteuler.net puzzle magazines etc.) Not because I'm worried about relapse but I dunno. I find most things boring and need to be doing something.  ..I don't enjoy talking to my g/f anymore. Friday nights I just want her to go to bed so I can be alone. I just don't care about anything she has to talk about.  ..I'm not satisfied with my job anymore. So I changed. I'm not happy about my new (better on paper) prospect.  ..I feel like I want to move but I know it won't help.  ..I don't read the news. It just make me sad. ..I don't feel so well 
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds to me like you're depressed. Not to just make an assumption based on a simple paragraph but boredom unhappiness sadness apathy... those are pretty typical characteristics of depression. I'm not sure if you have any interest in working out but the endorphins might be helpful for you...Also I'm not sure what the particular rules are on this subreddit for suggesting medication or therapy but those are options as well. You might want to talk to a doctor about that possibility if the working out thing doesn't work out for you...Otherwise if you feel that may be wrong then maybe you're just needing a huge change. Maybe you need a different career path? Or something new and exciting? I will stay away from suggesting a new SO because often a relationship is the first thing that is affected when someone is depressed or just at a standstill in their life...How do you feel about all of that?..Edit: Also I just wanted to add that I'm sorry you feel this way. It's a horrible way to feel (I know from experience) but it definitely gets better. Don't become complacent in your apathy. That's the one thing I'll be firm about advice-wise.
Well congrats on your six months.  I too sometimes struggle to NOT just spend all my time working.  If you've stopped enjoying old hobbies or things you used to enjoy (like talking to your gf) then I agree that you may indeed be clinically depressed.  I wonder if you've considered any of these ideas: a counselor going on medication for depression or whatnot trying meditation journaling.  I dunno. Those are some of my tools.
Hey OP sorry to hear that you're struggling. ..Have you connected with a recovery support group near you maybe AA or SMART? Talking to other recovering alcoholics may help. .. 
Just from reading your post it seems to me maybe you were depressed all along and were self medicating with alcohol perhaps? There are medications out there that can work wonders when I went through early menopause I was @@@crazy@@@@ and my gyno put me on pristiq to get me through it helped tremendously. 
You should feel very proud of yourself. There are a multitude of drunks that will never reach the sobriety that you have - they will never achieve what you have. It is a struggle but you got to keep working on yourself. Finding your sobriety isn't just about not drinking it's about finding yourself and finding serenity happiness and peace. That being said us alcoholics tend to isolate - we've learned to do this. This is not constructive or healthy. I suggest that you reach out to others - and it will be an effort but you got to fight for every inch if you want it. Go to an AA meeting. Go to a few different ones and you'll find that you are not the only one that has ever gone through what you're going through now - you'll find tools and support to keep sober.
