-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qm3in/daily_checkin_111413/

Hey all..So! Today my thoughts well and truly turned to spiritual pursuits. That time off work earlier in the week well and truly showed me that I need to make some changes in attitude. I found that I benefited immensely from a foray into meditation practice earlier this year but trailed off into unchecked alcoholism soon after. I remember constantly thinking well I can't meditate now because I'm hungover or drunk or stoned or all three. The best and most comfortable time for some *fuuuurious* meditation for me is right before bed. I'm sure you can see why this never happened. Now I'm sober. I'm commited to sobriety I found a way to make that commitment. I've managed to move away from getting high. It's not an issue for me to be clean and sober; I gave someone a cigarette on the way home from work and he asked me if I wanted to have a choof (smoke weed) in return. I said no I've only just managed to quit and there's no point starting again. No sense of loss no cravings. No matter how crappy I've been feeling that's progress. It occured to me that the stagnation I have been finding myself in is a product of the thought *what now?* I'll always be interested in transcending consciousness... It's time to slowly slowly integrate the tools I've amassed over the years into a daily practice. Even a few minutes of focused breathing as JimBeamsHusband recommended counts. Some form of contemplative exercise or a more traditional meditation on a daily basis. A while ago I downloaded an app with a little widget for my phone that times and tracks meditation sessions. The widget has two numbers one for the current amount of consecutive daily meditations and another for ones' 'high score.' My high score is currently one heheh... I feel that I was trying to be too rigid in a routine right away aiming for daily 20 minute meditations. I was still drinking at that point. For now I'll count any kind of contemplation until I find a bit of momentum...In other news I made my first sponsor call today. It was a great conversation I'll give it that. Definitely a relatable guy and a good person. I felt some alarm bells when he asked if I were going to a meeting tonight... Early days but I thought I'd communicated that I wouldn't be going to one today when we spoke yesterday. Truly nothing against him he was very clear that he'd sponsor me in the way that he was sponsored and he has an impressive amount of sobriety going.... There's just this huge part of me going how long can I keep this up? I don't feel that I believe some of the core components of the program. To throw myself into it would require the dismissal of many of my beliefs and the manufacture of others; by proxy I am then not being honest with myself will relapse and die in a gutter. It's important that I develop a sober social network people that know what alcoholism is and that I keep working on the underlying issues that lead me to such heavy drinking in the first place. I do believe it true that I have a genetic disorder that causes me to crave alcohol when it is present in my system and will continue to have that be the core of my desire to remain abstinent. ..So it would seem that from today's thought processes (though I am liable to change my mind several times) that AA is not for me but I should continue to seek avenues to keep me in a state of recovery. If I'm to have a spiritual experience it will be through my own journey of self-discovery. I don't feel this is a delusive way of thinking though I'd love to read any thoughts you lovely people have on the subject...So to conclude today's wall of text I'd like to throw it over to the people who have found ways to stay sober without AA be it through another form of support group or another approach entirely. What has been your experience? What difficulties and advantages have you found?
----------immediate responses--------

Damn I need to start keeping to a word limit or something. Gold star to anyone who reads all of that :P
I read it all.  Waiting for my gold star...:)...I'm only at 11 days but have found SMART Recovery and this forum very helpful.  I also attended an online Lifering meeting that I enjoyed.  I'm planning to use meditation as well and was hoping you could share the name of the app.
The focused breathing thing has been working for me for a while.  It's simple and something you can do even if you can't break away from whatever it is you're dealing with...I've liked to suggest that people really give AA a chance.  I don't know how much of a chance you've given it but it and programs like it might take some time to feel comfortable...I really like a multi-pronged approach to recovery.  I don't think any one thing by itself is the silver bullet.  I went to SMART meetings AA meetings one-on-one therapy sessions therapy sessions with my wife I read books on recovery I participate in the webchat (in the sidebar) and I participate regularly here in the subreddit.  These days I don't go to meetings.  I haven't read anything about recovery in weeks though I'm reading a book about shame and wholeheartedness by Brene Brown (Daring Greatly which I should get back to at some point).  I do still see my therapist.  And obviously I still frequent r/stopdrinking.  But over the last year I've changed my attitude and thinking about alcohol (and much of my life actually)...Today is going to be a good day.  I had some dental work done this morning.  I'm taking the day off from exercise though I will probably take my doggie for a walk when I get home.  I'm going to work from home in the afternoon to get some things done before my wife gets home from her trip tomorrow afternoon.  I can't wait to see her!
[deleted]
i read it all! Do you mind sharing the name of the app you use?..I am starting to realize that I want to turn back to some form of spirituality and meditation. I had managed to forget that 7 years ago I was going through this very lovely thing where I was learning about yoga meditation  and spirituality and really turning into what I think was a better peaceful version of myself. Then something unfortunate happened that flipped me upside down and I turned to drinking and partying to bury my sadness. ..I completely left that better version of myself behind and suppressed the bad feelings for years. I've clumsily been trying to find it again in all the wrong places. Time to start over and try again I think and reconnect with that side of myself. I think this also means I may have to finally deal with some of the nasty things I was repressing with the drinking and smoking for so long but.. better now than never? 
