-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qo7p0/im_on_almost_day_30_i_have_withdrawl_symptoms/

I'm really going through depression and many other problems. But I'm also qutting. Now for the past 24 hours I can't think of anything except drinking. Not because I want to I have a headache and I just feel depressed. I want to quit drinking too so I'm not going to relapse . Going sober. But I watched a movie where young kids were partying I watched this movie thinking that OK MY MIND WILL GET BUSY. But instead I have more cravings. Also I feel like I'm missing alot of fun in this world. I'm still living in isolation for some reasons the main reason is I'm kinda alone. Can you help me out on how to handle these situations and when will these cravings go ? I have such a bad ass headache now. ..EDIT : I just want some hug lol. Even from a guy just as a friend. I've drunk many times and how I felt early  morning sucked. So WHY I STARTED STOPDRINKING AT THE FIRST PLACE ? Well  it's because I feel sick after drinking. I don't want to be a responsible drinker also. It's being pussy if you hold a drink and think you drink. So I had my time and I don't like to drink at all. Do it  or just quit it . That's my policy. So I hope . I pass this day easily and next days also. I hope these cravings go away. 
----------immediate responses--------

Do you attend a support group? From your edit especially it really sounds like you would find great benefit from one. Friends and hugs abound there if you open your heart and mind to them. :-)
Please think about talking to your doctor. Some people struggle with cravings while others not so much. There are a variety of medications available to mediate suffering and make it easier to stop. You ought not be experiencing the usual withdrawal symptoms at this point...Support groups are helpful also. It is comforting to sit in a room with people who understand what you're going through. A couple are SMART Recovery and AA. Go for it!..
Unfortunately depression can be a symptom of Post Acute Withdrawal Symptoms (PAWS). There are lots of science-y and psychological terms and explanations about chemical imbalances and readjusting to sober living and whatnot to describe why we often feel depressed after quitting but what it boils down to is that we often feel we've given up such a huge part of our lives when we quit drinking that we just feel glum. In reality we've simply given up a beverage...Something that helped perk me up when I quit was getting out of the house. I don't know if you do AA but doing the suggested 90 meetings in 90 days was a huge help for me because it got me out of the house every day for at least 2 hours (1hr meeting plus a 1hr round trip commute). There were days I really didn't want to go but I would always feel better once I was out of the house...As far as cravings are concerned they do fade with time. For me the first two weeks were the worst. Whenever I felt like blowing up the world for a drink I would call someone I'd met in AA and vent. Eventually the cravings went from "FUUUUUCK!" to "Seriously!? Another craving? I don't have time for this shit. Time to call someone so I can get on with my day." I'm 6 months sober now and my cravings now are more annoying than they are tempting and I find myself being legitimately surprised when I get them because I can go days without thinking about drinking.
It took me a couple of months. But when I finally got my first night of straight through sleep it was the best thing that had happened to me years...I sleep like a baby now. ..the "cravings" only went away once I got some real help from friends in AA. Prior to that I'd always tried to just stop on my own with no support group and  I never stayed sober long enough to get back in a normal sleep pattern of 6-8 hours straight through. For everyone I know with long term sobriety they all had to go through a couple of months of sleepless nights - it's normal...I used to listen to the the radio or read in bed (the AA books helped send me to sleep a lot). The important thing was that I had to go to bed and lay down so that even if my mind was racing at 100mph at least my body was getting rest. ..If you find you can't sit or stand still for even 5 or 10 minutes then go to you doctor. It's not uncommon for alcohol to suppress manic depression so when you stop the mania really goes through the roof. Doctors can fix this with really effective medication. You need to be honest with them about your alcoholism though else they may wind up giving you the wrong tablets and you'll wind up drinking again...Good luck - I go to my doctor for depression. I go to AA to stay sober. The two are not mutually exclusive as long as you are honest.
:( hang in there friend and get some help from the sources others have suggested.  You don't have to do this alone.
Keep fighting friend! Beyond the good advice mentioned from others I'd also recommend trying to get some exercise in daily. A walk a run pushups whatever. The physical exertion takes your mind off the alcohol gives you endorphins and your physically worn out body will sleep better at night after daily exercise. 
I'm on day 24 and the cravings are going away a bit but it's more of a mental challenge now. Ugh. Would rather just have a beer. But... I'm on the same page as you. NO MORE.
Thanks for the comments guys. I never thought I'll get this much support. Yesterday I waited for the comments and then thought may be no one will even read. So I was just sitting now and thought I'll see may be someone would have replied.  I saw so much positivity . By the way when I closed reddit yesterday I decided.. No matter what happens I'm not gonna drink. My decisions were for myself. If someone replies or doesn't reply if life gets good or bad.. if things are right or not . It doesn't matter. What is right is my decision. So I closed it and did my thing enjoyed having a coffee  slept and that's it. The cravings went away. :) 
