-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qodgg/struggling_during_a_bout_of_depression_after/

I caught the flu and was upside down sick for a couple weeks. It's all a blur pretty reminiscent of a week long bender. Now that I'm coming out of it I'm finding myself really depressed. It's not the manic depression I'm used to where I'm suicidal and everything is terrible. I can handle that. This one is more just a void of all emotion. Joy. Sadness. Love. I feel really empty. I'm neglecting my girlfriend because I really feel very little right now. It's an unfamiliar state for me and it's making me a shitty person...I know I can break it all with some craft beers on the back porch. Blasting music in my headphones. Just sitting there and letting my emotions bathe in the booze. ..After a night or two of that I could go back to not drinking again. (This is what I'm telling myself. It's not true.)..It's tough. Having a moment of weakness and struggle for sure. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

I read a book about how we think the way we feel right now is the way we're always going to feel. Example: Right after Thanksgiving dinner you swear you will never eat again and you really mean it in that moment. 6 hours later you are making a turkey sandwich. ..What I'm saying is you won't stay in this place for long and when you come out of it you'll be really glad you have all those hard-fought days of sobriety still strung together. I suggest you think of a fun surprise that would delight your girlfriend and execute that. Or go to a meeting and talk to a newcomer. You have substantial sobriety now and can help someone in their first days make it to 7 or 30. 
Wow are you me?? I can relate very very much except I have no girlfriend and am not entertaining the thought of drinking. I feel a massive sense of confusion and frustration that I should be feeling this way; it set in a couple of weeks ago and hasn't lifted. I got some slight release earlier today listening to some local dark psy but then it was back to the shitter. Got a good chunk of housework done mainly for my housemates' sake. That's about it. Funny I intended on cleaning my area up but ended up doing the dishes bathroom and floors... Caring for and respecting others but not myself...I am taking comfort in the knowledge that the feeling will lift; I'm just not sure when. It will for you as well despite that it seems like it will never end. All the best to you stay strong.
[deleted]
Sounds about right. So often we self-medicate with alcohol to cover depression and anxiety and sobriety then causes us to be in 'that place' without our 'medicine'. And the whole 'craft beers and blasting music on the back porch' is a process that you have used in the past. Try to find a new process a new routine to get into when you're feeling depressed or anxious. I go for runs in the evening and watch the sun set. It normally gives me a better perspective on my depression than getting drunk. All strength to you keep fighting!
I remember wishing I could drink and put parenthesis around it like you do words in a sentence. Then it wouldn't "count". Eventually the insane thinking passed. .
My feelings come and go they aren't permanent they change. Time takes time.
