-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qtv3n/reasons_to_quit_drinking_one_drink_a_day/

I struggle sometimes with whether I'm making too big a deal out of trying to quit drinking. After all I don't binge and I know when to say when but I do find myself not liking the experience of drinking and some of the consequences. Some say that you only live once why put the pressure on yourself. Or my favorite "everyone needs something"...-always under hydrated.-can't relax without my evening drink.-sometimes one drink turns into two .-not as productive.-harder to get up in the morning.-more likely to abuse other substances like coffee.-eat junk food .-feel awkward.-sometimes say stupid shit.-my anxiety might actually improve.-my depression might actually improve.-will save money.-will be a positive influence on others.-will learn to relax on my own.-will actually exercise.-can meditate or journal before bed instead of spacing out to a beer and the internet..Anyone else find that their lives have improved after abstaining from one drink a day or most days?
----------immediate responses--------

I never had much luck moderating...I'm a binary drinker...1 or 0...I'm drinking or I'm not...and I have found that my life has improved dramatically when I'm *NOT* drinking...Good luck to you on your moderation though...I imagine you'll see an improvement just in cutting back.
I'm of the opinion that alcohol is a toxic substance. Why force your system to deal with it when you already see the consequences of using it. Even non alcoholics have regretful drinking experiences.
&gt;.&gt; I do find myself not liking the experience of drinking.&gt;..This is all you really need to justify quitting or cutting back although you've added in some good reasons after that.  ..What you said about meditating/journaling resonates with me.  Back when I was having 1 or 2 beers almost every evening (over months it grew to be a lot more unfortunately) I'd have them at around 8 PM and then feel locked into an evening of doing nothing.  If I stay sober I'm more likely to do activities that I actually care about..
[deleted]
Many days I was drinking "only" one or two drinks.  A couple times a week it was say 3 and then maybe 5 every once in a while.  Basically everything you wrote about how quitting improves one's life applies to me.  Also I had trouble quitting which really scared me.  I don't want to NEED any substance.  I have lost weight am all around " brighter" and do a lot more meditating journaling and yoga.  I mean I get up at 6:30 before the alarm goes off for chrissakes.  I NEVER thought that would be me.  But I like it.  
My alcoholism is rooted in my thinking; not necessarily in how I drank how much I drank whether I could manage on any particular day--my alcoholism was entirely about being in the grip of thinking about drink even when I wasn't drinking. 
If drinking is affecting your life in a negative way you have come to the right place. 
