-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qupga/new_to_group_i_have_been_doing_well_until_now/

A little background on myself for context.Im 22 years old andI've recently come to accept that I have a problem with drinking. I know that seems a pretty young age to come to this conclusion but when you realize you have decided to get drunk more times than to eat it becomes abundantly clear that there is a problem. Anyway I have started going to therapy to help me with my problem and have reduced my overall drinking. Things have been getting better but the stress from work School (Senior at College) and family has started to mount like never before. I've reverted to drinking more because I feel like i can't handle it. ..Honestly i just want to talk to others who know the struggle of Alcohol addiction rather than a therapist who just analysis my problem..Any support helps
----------immediate responses--------

Yes many people here can speak to alcohol addiction...and we're happy to talk about that with you...but that likely won't *help* you. I would hazard the majority of folks here used alcohol (as I did) to self-medicate or to cover up an underlying problem. And it sounds like your'e doing the same thing.....To address that problem you should continue to work with your therapist...Welcome to the group!.
Hi I also used alcohol to deal with my issues. I encourage you to continue your therapy and not discount the analysis of your underlying problems. It may take some time but it really helps in the long term. If you understand your feelings you may learn to better cope or even resolve them.  .  .
There's a group of people who understand and will be more than willing to talk with at an AA meeting. I found role models support and guidance from experts friends fun and hope. AA saved my life. The only requirement is a desire to stop drinking. This doesn't mean that you've necessarily stopped. A great place to find others who know the struggle of alcoholism is AA. 
