-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1qybut/nothing_you_havent_heard_before_im_sure/

My name is parallaxii and I am an alcoholic...I've known it for several years but only acknowledged it as recently as about a year ago. Last year I finally decided to make a change. November 19th 2012 was my first day sober in way-too-long...Unfortunately it didn't last. I got up to 203 days - just under 7 months and nothing short of a miracle for me - then relapsed in early June and have been seriously struggling since then...I've tried probably 30-40 times to quit again since then managing to last just under 3 weeks at the longest before falling back down again. Over and over again I would find myself reaching a *new low* - I would think to myself "surely it can't get any worse than this". But it did. It always did. I'll spare the details for now but I've fallen much further than I thought I would much faster than I anticipated. In fact I feel that my drinking during these last few months is 10x worse than it was before I originally "quit" last year. ..So here I am basically a year after my first extended period of sobriety right back at square one. I've been lurking these boards even during my relapse and one thing I always notice in threads like these is that people ask the OP "what will you do differently this time?" Well one thing is posting here regularly. It's one thing to read comments here and there but another to actually contribute. By doing that it will force me to take time out of each day to remind myself why I'm doing this. That seems to have been my downfall each time I attempted to quit and failed - I lost sight of why I wanted to stop drinking. So you'll be seeing a lot of me haha...I also took a brief video of myself and my apartment showing how messy it had become and took pictures of myself shirtless to show the weight I've gained. My hope is that in one year's time I will make a comparison video and ~~if~~ **when** I am succsesful with my first 365 it will be quite a difference...Thank you for being you and taking the time to read.
----------immediate responses--------

What about getting into a program of recovery?
Glad you're with us :) it's really been helping me being here. I hope it makes the same impact on you!..Good luck you can do it :)
[deleted]
Thanks for posting it really helps me to read of peoples experiences. Look forward to seeing ya around. I too will not drink today!
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing.  Staying active here has been a huge factor in my sobriety.  Kudos to you for getting back in the game!  Look forward to seeing you around.
Good luck! I was where you are and it gets better.
I've read your original post as well as your replies to the comments. It seems to me that you have a lot of respect for /r/stopdrinking but no experience at all with real-life recovery groups.  ..If you think this subreddit rocks wait until you get face-to-face with people that want to help. Seriously you need it. You've tried everything else and are stuck in an endless cycle of sobriety and relapse. So go to a meeting. Do you have anything to lose at this point? Just go already. Go tonight. And don't ASK your father about AA meetings...TELL him you've been to one. Or two or three.
