-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1r2s3m/alcohol_and_depression_long/

I've been meaning to write this out for anyone else struggling with depression.  There's a social stigma about mental health (especially for men) and I want you to know that if you are suffering from depression that you're not alone.  I'm a 6'3 big burly bearded man who believed for the last 5-10 years of my life that the only reason to wake up in the morning was alcohol.  I pushed away friends and family and found escape (not happiness) at the bottom of a bottle.  I suffer from depression and often wished I were dead or could cease existing.  I honestly believed life wasn't going to get better...To me depression is similar to alcoholism in one important way.  If you don't *have* the problem it's almost impossible to fully understand.  My father was an alcoholic.  My mother suffered from depression.  My father understands and relates to my alcoholism.  When I slipped up and drank once my mom thought that was the end of it whereas my father calmed her down and said that as long as the effort and goal is there mistakes can (and will) be made along the way...My mother understands my depression.  She's aware that if you're depressed you don't feel like doing anything.  She understands that the cure isn't a matter of "just being happy" or to "stop thinking negative thoughts".  It's not that simple.  If you suffer from depression there is something *wrong* with the way your brain does things just like if you have high blood pressure or cholesterol.  Sometimes these things need to be fixed with medication.  Hyperbole and a Half has the best explanation that I've ever seen you may want to read it:..http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com/2013/05/depression-part-two.html..My personal journey was difficult.  Like some of you had to admit to yourselves that you had a drinking problem (for some reason I was fully aware and accepted that) I had to admit that I had a mental health problem.  I went to a doctor and had to be open.  I had to sit face to face with another human being a stranger and explain to them that I was unhappy and often wished I were dead.  Then I had to try 5 anti depressants (which can take up to 4 weeks to have any affect).  None of them worked.  And something small pushed me over the edge and I went back to drinking.  Every single day for about one and a half months.  I snapped out of it when my drunk self left an "accidental death" note.  I had gotten blackout drunk and taken a fist full of tylenol PM and the note essentially said that I wasn't sure if I would wake up and if I didn't I was sorry....So I went to a psychiatrist.  We talked for about an hour and he decided to try one more anti-depressant.  He said to expect a change in about 2 weeks and to see him again in a month.  My life changed in 5 days.  I can barely express how much better I feel.  I can't explain to a depressed person what it feels like now because I can barely understand it.  It's like I changed from a pessimist to an optimist.  Or from an introvert to an extrovert.  My mind used to find a way to make everything negative.  "It's my fathers birthday!  He's getting old...  What will I do when he dies?  I know I'll have to drink when that happens.  So what's the point of *not* drinking now?"  That was literally a thought I had the week before I started taking a new medication.  But now I think... differently.  Better.  And the most unexpected thing for me was that I haven't craved a drink since it started to kick in.  I could barely go two days without thinking about alcohol and I took (and still take just in case) antabuse to make sure I wouldn't start drinking again....And if you are suffering from depression I know that people being positive can just be like salt in the wounds.  Please don't take it that way.  It's hard to get the help you need.  It's hard to admit that you need help to yourself let alone to a stranger.  But do it.  I can't explain to you how amazing you'll feel when they finally get it right.  You'll just have to experience it for yourself....**TL;DR** - ~~Curing~~TREATING my depression ~~may have cured~~ MAY BE TREATING my drinking problem.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Glad to hear you're doing well big man.
Good for you.  My clinical depression was strongly correlated to my alcoholism; but I can honestly say that "curing" or treating my depression did not "cure" my drinking problem.  My drinking problem is a mental obsession characterized by an obsession and compulsion over drinking.  The two mental disorders are certainly related and treating my depression with a chemical depressant (alcohol) was like treating migranes with blows to the head.  I'm so glad that you are getting relief from your depression; and I sincerely hope you can continue to find your former alcohol abuse a problem in the past tense. 
Thank you so much for sharing this. Co-Occurring mental illness and addiction are much more common than people realize. For some reason many of the AA old-timers are under the erroneous impression that utilizing medication in recovery is "cheating" on sobriety. As long as the prescribed medication is non-addictive this is not the case...Very glad to hear you're feeling so much better OP. Best of luck!
What meds are you taking?
Oh wow so glad to hear you found something that works! ..I had to grow out of my depression took over ten years - tried many meds but can't really say they helped much. I no longer struggle with it (oh God thank God!!) but am very curious - what meds are working for you? 
Thank you. We need to talk about this more often. We need to remove the stigma from asking for professional help. ..I also take medication to deal with a brain disorder (ADHD). Likewise it's made a huge difference in my life and likewise it (and another thing I'm currently dealing with) are probably the reasons I turned to alcohol...That doesn't change the fact that I'm an alcoholic. It's not an excuse but if I hadn't addressed it (and continued to) I'm quite sure I wouldn't have that happy faced star next to my account name right now. ..This may not be true for everyone. I'm not saying everyone should take drugs to cure their alcoholism. Just that it's possible that something else drove you here and if so then your life could be so much better if you talk to a professional about it. 
Thanks for the post and the honesty.  Co-occurences suck and the existence of them suck.  What I mean by that is some people do have the coexistence and some don't.  And because alcohol is a depressant however in the throes of active addiction and early recovery it's hard to tell what's really going on.  And not every medication works so the psychiatrist is poking around in the blackness of our brains using a "let's see if this works" methodology.  For those that need it it's so hard to stay sober because of the co-occurrence.  And for those that don't need it it could possibly make things worse by taking the meds.  I'm glad it worked out for you.  Congrats man.
Thankyou you for sharing my SO is an alcoholic and has depression. Can't seem to get him to get to the point of professional help for the alcohol. And he's just stopped taking his antidepressant meds saying they make him sick. Have got him to move out hoping that will get him to get help but to no avail.  Just waiting for a phone call now to say something has happened to him. But you're post has given me hope that he might one day decide to reach out. Thanks again..
Thank you really for sharing this. I also suffer from depression and it's true that some people really don't get it. Trying to live sober while ignoring my illness would make life seem impossible. I'm really glad to hear that you're feeling better.
Consider yourself lucky. I have severe depression and have been to many doctors who have tried many medication. Nothing works be it zoloft effexor prozac and about 6 others whose name I can't remember off the top of my head. I drink because I feel lost and it gets me through the day to forget the soul crippling pain of living to forget the wife who is leaving me. I moved 2000 miles and know no one was just homeless and may be again soon. Have a mountain of debt and pain with no one there but jack daniels and gordon and it hurts...I envy you.
Thank you for sharing this. I hope that this truly works for you. Try to be mindful that while treating depression may be treating your drinking problem when you make it out of your depression you might find yourself wanting to see if you can drink again. If you are an alcoholic you will eventually find yourself back in the same painful place you were.  Good luck...PS. Love Hyperbole and a Half. Her sharing of her depression touched me deeply. I have not suffered from deep long lasting depression such as what you both do and I appreciated the insight into it. I got her book the other day and while she doesn't seem to be quite the same old Allie of before she does seem to be coming back up. No one has ever been able to make me laugh like her. Ever. The stories of the dogs are my favorites and I can read them repeated giggling like an imp each time. When she was on hiatus because of her depression I would check her blog on a weekly basis hoping she had found her way back and was so happy to see she did. .
Does the medication for alcoholism really help?.
"It's hard to admit that you need help to yourself let alone to a stranger. But do it. I can't explain to you how amazing you'll feel when they finally get it right. You'll just have to experience it for yourself."..Thanks for posting this - sounds like something I would write.  I'm a 45 yr. old male with depression - and what a difference treating it helped everything in my life.  ..
I appreciate your honesty. You've moved me to tears with your post because I empathize with your struggle so much (as I'm sure a lot of people in this sub do.) I'm really pulling for you and I hope the path you're on provides an over-abundance of love and warmth. 
Thank you for sharing.
