-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1raz89/21_days_in_reflections/

This morning marks the third week since I woke up and decided to never drink again. Three weeks since the car crash. I am so happy to be alive to not be in a wheelchair to not be in jail...It has been a tough time turning my back on alcohol. It was such a dominant aspect of my life both socially and on my own. This weekend in particular has been particularly difficult: I'm playing a volleyball tournament interstate traditionally a weekend of massive partying and staying in a dorm with seven of the craziest drinkers I know (my dear teammates)...Last night they all got on the drink HARD and I partied with them - while drinkinh soda water. A few of them tried to make me drink (they're a bit immature and don't know what's going on) but then the rest of the team stepped in and told them to shut up and respect my decision. Which was nice...I wanted to say thanks to everyone in this subreddit. I lurk a lot throw around upvotes don't comment much - but your stories both of struggle and victory give me strength and encouragement to keep going. I don't know you all but I love you all...Also it's 7:11am on Sunday morning (I'm from Australia hence the time difference) and I'm not hung over. I'm wide awake feeling healthy and ready to crush another day of volleyball :) keep going strong everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

Good to hear from another success. Thanks for writing about the peer thing. A lot of young people can't imagine how to deal with that. I'm sending you victorious vibes.
Congratulations on 3 weeks keep up the good work! Keep reminding yourself why you quit drinking and don't fall into the trap I did (after around 70 days) that it would be OK to drink in moderation. You quit for a really good reason don't forget it! Best of luck!
You have a lot of courage partying with people that drink. I know I'm not in any kind of place to put myself in that position. Keep staying strong!
Congratulations on staying strong. Also a beautiful Sunday morning here no hangover  :-) Good luck with your volleyball today!
