-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rcrri/not_your_typical_oneyear_post/

Today I've been sober for one year.  365 days.  I've been through every holiday sober: Christmas New Years St. Patrick's Day my birthday etc.  I've dated and watched football and participated in social events and learned that I can do all of those without drinking...The reason I quit drinking is different than some.  I didn't quit because I was alcoholic I quit because my sister was.  I sometimes drank too much and sometimes blacked out so I thought I could use a break as I tried to set a good example.  ..My reflections on a year sober might be different than most people's.  I feel like it was super easy to quit.  I almost never missed drinking nor craved it.  And I think this year has proved to me that I'm not an alcoholic.  And I don't feel like my life has gotten better since I quit drinking.  Yes I got a new job.  Yes I trained for and ran a marathon.  But I don't think either of those would have been any different if I had been drinking.  This past year I also struggled with an eating disorder...So after a year not drinking I think I'm done.  I'm glad I did it but I don't think I need to continue.  I've learned a lot this past year but I think that I need to work on moderation both with alcohol and eating.   Maybe I'll try moderation and it will fail and I'll be back here but maybe not.  But either way I have to give it a shot...Anyway sorry for rambling and thanks for the last year I really enjoyed my time here!
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck! I hope you're right! You know where to find us if you aren't! 
I hope it's true. You know what to do if it bites you in the ass. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks for posting this and I hope that you'll feel more than welcome to return to /r/stopdrinking should you decide to after some time back in the world of normal moderate drinking.  My own experience with moderation resulted in a 7 year relapse and a federal prison sentence that I could not have imagined or forseen.  In hindsight it wasn't worth it but that was my experience.  I wish you total happiness and I congratulate you on your effort on behalf of your sister.  ..BTW blackout drinking was never social drinking in my experience.  
I don't understand your thinking.  Do you think if you had been drinking you would have had a better year?  Do you connect not drinking with having an eating disorder?  If you drank would you not have the disorder?  If you did not miss drinking why do you want to return to it?  ..I'm curious why you feel compelled to make this post.  What do you expect from the responses?..In any case I'd certainly appreciate an update on how you are doing with your decision over the coming months...Be well.
That's a great accomplishment good job! I'm a little envious but I'm sure I have a problem. You know where to find us if you need us.
Interesting post.  Good luck.
I'm a little confused. Maybe you could help me out here...1. Did you have the eating disorder before you quit drinking?..2.  Do you see "sometimes" blacking out as normal drinking behavior?..3.  How is your sister doing btw?..
Good to hear thanks!  I'm also starting into an eating disorder sorta on purpose.  Shed some weigh when I quit drinking and now I want to keep it going.  I look at a glass of wine now not as alcohol but too many carbs.  :-)
Good Luck!
I'm also curious about the eating disorder connection. Was it that you found yourself eating more when you quit drinking? Or was it not related to the drinking at all? I ask because I think a lot of people struggle with replacing alcohol with food...Good luck with your moderation attempt in both drinking and eating.
At my one year I felt the same I think it's important to know that if you were an alcoholic you would be thinking you weren't. It's a mindfuck and a half and I won't tell you you need to be sober but if you quit drinking stuck with it for a year and made this post there is probably something to it. I would advise not quitting yet just give yourself some time to really think about it. I know I am an alcoholic and I have those exact thoughts.
You know what's funny?  I envy you but if I wasn't an alcoholic I wouldn't envy you.
[deleted]
