-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rpam4/mistakenly_sipped_from_a_glass_that_i_thought_was/

...it was Jameson and ginger ale...I immediately spit it back into the glass and apologized to the owner for backwashing into their drink. Luckily it was one of my friends who knows what's up with me (and has struggled with prescription pill addiction) and told me "good job for spitting it out! i don't know if i could have done that". I was able to move along with cooking and spending a really lovely day with my friends. ..Such a great day despite a small bump!..edit: typo
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Great job!
happened to me with a rum cocktail that my SO assured me was virgin after 6 months sober well done for spitting :). Congrats!
Equal parts of "yuck" and "bravo" :)
You have a good friend there. Congratulations.
Close call.  Good reflexes though.         .Grats on 61 daze.     .My question is. After you hand the glass back does the true alcoholic pour it out - or figure the alcohol will kill any germs....
Good Save Sir! I wouldn't worry about it all you probably got more alcohol in your system from one of the deserts you ate. In my early days of sobriety I was so paranoid about having alcohol in my system that I even stopped eating sweets and home made deserts because vanilla extract of all things is 35% alcohol...Good thing I got over that because my wife made cookies yesterday that are better tasting and more satisfying than any booze I ever drank.
Wow great job! Seriously impressive. 
Phew.  It's rough being so close to alcohol so early in sobriety.  I'm only just now able to handle alcohol related items (I washed wine glasses and put unopened wine bottles away last night).  But I still kind of handle those things like a non-parent might handle a baby with a poopy diaper: at arms length with that "ewww what's that smell?" look on my face...It's good that you were able to spit it out and let it go.  If it were me I'd spend some time reflecting on how it happened what I could do to prevent it from happening in the future how I felt about the whole thing (fear anger longing ...) to understand myself better.
Holy crap! Close call! Well done!
Something similar happened to me in early sobriety. My instant reflexive response was like a sign of how serious I was about being sober. It was very comforting. I wonder if you experienced anything like this. 
Had a similar thing happen awhile back with a redbull at a bar. My friend ordered a redbull and vodka and I just wanted a redbull...For some reason I wasn't allowed to keep the red bull in the can and the bartender poured it into a glass with ice that was identical to the one with vodka. Since my friends was drunk and potentially so was the bartender we got the cups mixed up so my friend took a drink from both of them and said "I can't tell which one has vodka"...I took a sip from the first one and it tasted funny so I took a sip out of the second one and swallowed. Big mistake...Suddenly I feel a wave of euphoria rushes over my body as the taste of vodka hits the back of my tongue. I immediately want more but stop myself. I gave my friend her vodka/redbull and I take my redbull on ice...This was before my current streak without booze that time I made it about 4 &amp; 1/2 months with only drinking 1 night per month. This was a huge achievement at the time but the redbull event was definitely one of the things that made me realize how alcohol affects me. ..I probably should have taken that as a sign and quit right away for good coming back to drinking after the "break" was bad and before long I was already back double fisting beers at the bar. Not long after that I took a piss on the floor of my bedroom on a weeknight and drove drunk (same night)...It wasn't until almost a year later that I started my current streak without even a drop of anything hitting my lips. ..Now I'm over 400 days! 
A few months ago I ordered tiramisu at a local (authentic) italian restaurant.  Lemme tell you they didn't shirk away from the booze in the ladyfingers!..The first bite was tasty the second bite I realized it was boozy and I didn't have  a third...It was tough with ~1.5yrs sober to not take the 3rd bite I can only imagine how hard it was after a sip of whiskey...Keep up the good work!!
You should tell your friend the story how jameson paid some cannibals to kill and eat a kid in front of him and his friends so he could draw it
It's all about intent. Good going!
That's not really a "small bump" more like a "small accomplishment".
[deleted]
Having that gut reaction to drinking is amazing I think we can all agree that at another point in life we would have tasted that and drank it all. Congrats on the progress!
Had the same happened to me with chocolate a few weeks ago. 
