-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rqnoe/somehow_this_isnt_as_smooth_as_the_last_time/

I was at around two weeks and then had two lapses both relatively minor and short lived.  I immediately got back on the wagon and am at day 5 now...I am having no cravings but this time around the feeling of malaise and anxiety is much more severe.  I drove home from visiting family on Thanksgiving and spent the next four hours or so trying to calm myself down...I know about kindling but assume that's more common for chronic relapse versus my two smaller ones but that's just an assumption...I'm curious if anyone else has had similar experiences...Just fishing for a few "this too shall pass" comments as well...Stay sober friends...:).
----------immediate responses--------

Men and women drink essentially because they like the effect produced by alcohol. The sensation is so elusive that while they admit it is injurious they cannot after a time differentiate the true from the false. To them their alcoholic life seems the only normal one. They are restless irritable and discontented unless they can again experience the sense of ease and comfort which comes at once by taking a few drinks drinks which they see others taking with impunity. After they have succumbed to the desire again as so many do and the phenomenon of craving develops they pass through the well-known stages of a spree emerging remorseful with a firm resolution not to drink again. This is repeated over and over and unless this person can experience an entire psychic change there is very little hope of his recovery...Taken from [The Doctors Opinion](http://www.aa.org/bigbookonline/en_doctoropinion.cfm). 
This too shall pass.  :)..I wish I knew how to answer your questions but I really don't.  One thought though: is it possible that your anxiety has nothing to do with drinking (other than the fact that maybe drinking hid it)?  It could have flared up this time but didn't for your last bout of sobriety just coincidentally.  ..I don't know whether that thought for you is true or false but I do know that drink isn't going to help the anxiety and will at best hide it.  I reckon you know that too but maybe it's nice to have a reminder...Stay strong tonight.
I don't know.  But I do know I get anxious around the holidays myself even if I don't alway acknowledge it.  Maybe it's harder bc Thanksgiving threw off your routine.
I am all for everyone trying to kick this bitch to the curb how they they see fit and how it works for them but if that way is not working maybe it's time to try a new tactic. I can't remember for sure so please correct me if I'm wrong but you have chosen not to reach out to a face to face support group up to this point right? Perhaps it's time to make that step. If it's anything like the first step that I took in that direction it will feel like your foot is encased in solid lead. But the effort of actually putting down there is so so worth it. LIFE is worth it damnit...Be well brother.
Having the fellowship of a support group is especially beneficial during times like this. I don't know how I would have made it through rocky times without advice from experts and the role models and hope which the fellowship of a support group provides. 
Anxiety passes happiness passes I glad you made it back so soon :)
Holidays always turn the emotional volume up too loud...More smart meetings?   Therapy might also be good meditation?
Sometimes I wish everyone could see the badge reset requests.  The first relapse often brings on a string of more &amp; more frequent relapses.  Along the lines of *sober for a while relapse sober for a couple weeks relapse sober for a week relapse 3 days later relapse 2 days later relapse* etc.  That's a fairly common pattern.  Most people disappear after a string like that.  I don't know what happens to them but I assume that many of them just give up. ..Yes it will pass.  But know this: If you relapse again it will likely get harder. Take a moment to fully grasp what that means.  Picture yourself standing there staring down a bottle.  It's taking everything in you to not down said bottle.  Is "everything" you have enough to fight it off?  It had better be. Because next time around it will take *even more.*  And if you don't have it today how can you think that you'll have *even more* next time around?..It's scary. I don't mean to sound all doom and gloom but that's the reality of this thing. The first relapse matters a lot.  I don't know the details of your relapse but I do know that often times that first relapse wasn't even a hard fought battle.  In the sense that people wake up the next day and think "Why did I drink? I didn't even want to.  I could have said no. I should have said no."  And then the cycle beings.  *Then* it starts getting hard...Hang in there man. Do whatever it takes to not get sucked further in.  It only gets more and more difficult to stay afloat. I don't want you to become a "remember him?"
[deleted]
You'll be much more stable after a few weeks. I used to get anxious and depressed sometimes but no more. The feeling of impending doom that I had when I knew I needed to stop drinking but couldn't do it is gone. Things get better hang in there. The first weeks are the hardest. Try and be accountable to something other that your own treacherous mind. Recovery program or AA can be good for this. Good luck. Keep learning.
The most valuable thing about AA is it's constancy and availability. Even if it's not your favored support group it is there when you need it. This is about your life your sobriety don't worry about philosophy. This is very real.
