-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rqu18/after_a_third_relapse_one_that_ended_with/

Apologies for the wall of text...this is my first time here and I've just been lurking...I've been drinking for about 10 years heavily for 5 and very problematically for over 2. I was the type that couldn't go a few hours without a drink...That changed when I finally said "enough is enough" and checked myself into a detox program. With the support of my wife and family I cleaned up and was sober for about 3 weeks...I'm a full time ("mature" in my 30's) student and work as well so there can be a lot of stress. I got back into drinking first nightly then all day every day. I lied straight to my families' faces but luckily had some cessation drugs (Valium) left over and got off of it again...Fast forward a few more weeks and damn it back onto the booze. I needed it to function. This Tuesday I had a particularly stressful day got home did my usual routine of pouring a huge drink...next thing I know I'm in the back of an ambulance...Two paramedics asking me questions like "what is the date today? what is your name? what is your wife's name? etc." They took me to emergency put me in a wheelchair and got to a bed. I was asked if I was suicidal if I had taken any other drugs took my blood when I finally asked "where is my wife?". The doctor closed the door to the room and started asking about marital problems etc....I had been aggressive to my wife and I didn't remember a thing about it...This is highly uncharacteristic of me and I was "with it" enough at that point to know the gravity of what I had just done...More nurses came in and took a lot of blood...they seemed almost as if they were in a hurry to do so. Apparently my blood alcohol level was so high they thought the test had failed. Nope...I was at 0.86% BAC...not 0.086 (which is over the limit..at least here in Canada)...10 times that...I'm a big guy 6' 5" 300 lbs. Those are fatal levels of alcohol (as you guys likely know). My wife sobbed at the side of my bed despite telling me that she was "scared of me"...when I came to again my parents (who live on the other side of the country) were there...That's it man those circumstances and the fact that I've been having a really hard detox...some of the worst mental and physical pain I've experienced. I've heard some of your stories here and I look forward to participating in collective healing...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Yikes.  I hope this gives you the motivation this time.
Wow.  I have never heard of a blood alcohol level that high.  [I found this:](http://www.drugrecognition.com/Alco.htm)..&gt; 0.74 BAC - Highest recorded blood alcohol level by a US hospital...You may have set a new record. Not really the type of record you want to hold though.  It's a good day to quit...Welcome!..
[deleted]
[deleted]
Your wife must really love you to stay by your side...Don't ever let that love go. It'll save your life.
