-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rrmvi/struggling_with_the_holidays/

I drank last night at Thanksgiving. Everyone was enjoying themselves and I had planned on sticking with sparkling cider but the whole atmosphere of the evening gave me such bad cravings. And I gave in. I requested a badge change a few moments ago. I didn't drink to a complete blackout state but my memory of the last bits of the night are very fuzzy. ..Christmas and New Years are right around the corner. My 30th birthday is mid-Dec. My friend wants to get me the "party bus." Sooooo many events are coming up where there will be alcohol. I'm so ashamed of giving into my cravings last night after almost reaching a month of sobriety. I'm terrified I won't have the willpower to say no in the coming weeks and I'll once again make a huge ass of myself like I have in the past. Its what people expect me to do actually. Truth be told I actually want to go to these events and prove everyone wrong but I've had that plan before and its never panned out... ..Anyway wanted to spill. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety isn't achieved through will power. It's all about accepting completely the knowledge that you are one of the many people for whom alcohol is ruinous deadly. There is plenty of life left once the alcohol is removed.
[deleted]
I could've written your post. I think you need to have a plan in place rather than just hoping to resist the cravings. My brother had a flask on Tgiving I was soooo tempted but stuck to my plan let me tell you it's a lot more rewarding than giving in! As you know. (esp. the next morning lol :)) You can do it you had 27 days that's fabulous. When I first committed to being sober I relapsed after just 8 days I know how you feel don't throw in the towel. Sobriety is worth it. Good luck!
I think it's really important to make early sobriety as easy for yourself as possible.  Usually that means not going to drinking-related events.  A "party bus" sounds like a terrible idea.  I'd talk to my friend and tell him that I really appreciate the idea but it's not a good idea for me because.....When you "have to" go to events that have drinking I found it extremely helpful to someone with me that knew my situation and was supportive.  In most cases this was my wife.  She wanted me to be sober as much as I did (more than me in the beginning).  She was able to distract me if I was struggling talk to me if I was having a hard time and help me leave if I couldn't take it...Good luck.
Truly in early sobriety it probably is best to avoid party busses and the like...that won't be very fun sober anyway.  Is there some sober activity you can treat yourself to for your birthday instead???  
If you want to be sober it's important to protect yourself from alcohol at every turn. During the holidays alcohol is more available than ever. If you want to be sober stay as far away as possible from this drug. My first holiday season was challenging too.  I refused invitations to events where drinking was the main activity and yes it was a bit lonely. Instead I went to AA meetings where I found friends support and guidance from experts hope and fun. 
