-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ruljm/checking_in/

Hi friends! I've been lurking for the past few weeks and generally laying low but I thought I would stop in to say hello. I just celebrated 5 months sober as well as my 34th birthday :) ..Things are going alright; I've been majorly slacking on going to meetings and I think that is reflected in my mood. I'm going to therapy regularly and lurking here but I think a meeting would do my brain good...I'm still in limbo as far as my job goes but I have been working my butt off. My probation period is up this Friday so I'll let you all know what happens. I've finally come to a point where I'm at peace with whatever happens. If they fire me at least I know that I worked really hard and who knows maybe this will open me up for a better opportunity. ..I'm struggling a little bit in the social department. I had a few friends over last night for cake and board games to celebrate my birthday and it felt like a huge flop. They stayed for a couple hours but then left to go to the bar. It really made me realize that as much as they may care about me I need to find a good network of sober friends who won't make me feel like a loser for not drinking and not serving alcohol. Not that my friends intentionally made me feel like loser and there were other circumstances that added to it (one of my sober friends couldn't make it and my sister was sick). Anyway thanks for letting me vent. ..Stay strong :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday. Congratulations on your time. Sober friends or friends that never centered their social life around drinking are important. There are interesting people who just never got into it.
Happy Birthdays!                            ..I found sober friends in AA. Hang in there and get involved in service. You'll find excellent sober friends. 
&gt;Things are going alright; I've been majorly slacking on going to meetings and I think that is reflected in my mood. I'm going to therapy regularly and lurking here but I think a meeting would do my brain good....&gt;I need to find a good network of sober friends who won't make me feel like a loser for not drinking and not serving alcohol...Sounds like two good reasons to go to your meetings! :-)..Happy Belly Button Birthday and Happy 5 months birthday to you. I remember you posting about your probationary period. Sounded like a rough deal so I'm glad you've come to terms with it. Like you said it is what it is and maybe what comes next will be just what you need. Good on you for staying positive about the situation...Take care!  .
&gt;but I think a meeting would do my brain good...I think you hit the nail on the head there on a whole lot of levels!
Stay awesome. You're doing great!
