-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rvk6f/what_a_weekend/

First weekend away (since I stopped drinking) with the wife and kids. To a colleagues wedding. It was an eye opener...Typically I'd have a beer or two before the flight (on "holiday" after all) maybe a squeeze in a few on the plane ... at the hotel before dinner ... at dinner ... then maybe treat myself to a night cap. ..Sore head the next day - ignore repeat...What I found was that I was so much more use as a dad. Instead of being irritable and suffering from the previous night (or planning the next) I was way more engaged with the kids and actually enjoyed it. Usually a few minor setback at the airport would piss me off big time but instead I dealt with them calmly...On the flip side the wedding itself was a struggle. I was prepared for a few questions on why I wasn't drinking (given my reputation) but I wasn't prepared for the idiot I ended up sitting next to. I didn't know him and for some reason he was intrigued by my story that I was "just taking a break before xmas". He peppered me with questions and at one point the whole table was listening to the exchange. I felt like smacking the moron but instead did the best I could to close down the conversation. Luckily my wife swooped in to change the subject...I actually didn't mind too much not having a drink and although we left before the party kicked off still managed to have a relatively nice evening. I just wasn't really prepared for the interrogation...I've got two more big events coming up ... our work xmas dinner and then next year my brothers wedding (my family are all huge drinkers). I don't know why but dealing with other people seems to be way more difficult than dealing with myself...Sigh.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to hear it went well. In my experience the people who tend to ask me the most questions are people who seem to have drinking problems themselves. Of course some people are also just plain nosy and/or don't have a sense of socially acceptable conversations. 
Awesome work.  Isn't it nice to be present for family etc?  Just think...you'll remember that wedding clearly forever.  Not like during the drinking days!..The idiot at your table sounds....just like an idiot.  I'm sure no one (else ie no one whose opinion you need to care about!) at the table was judging you.  Even in my heaviest drinking days I always admired those who could stand to be sober for long periods of time...never imagined I could be one of them.  Now here I am and here you are.  Sober weddings!!!! Who knew?!?!
Good for you! I know exactly how you feel. I am/ was the same way. The last two weekends since I stopped I have had family obligations to attend to. Normally I would have drank my way through them but I didn't. I found myself patient and well capable. Everything was so much easier. It was by no means perfect but definately doable. The hungover shortness impatience and bad mood wasn't there. I'm not sure if I would be ready for a Wedding yet Lol. Good on ya!
I've heard a lot of well used explanations in the rooms of AA. I just say drinking doesn't agree with me. My favorite is "I'm allergic to alcohol  I tend to break out in handcuffs."
Like you I had a reputation as "the drinker". I've found myself spending more time getting people to believe that I've quit than explaining why. Once they find out that it's not one of my elaborate pranks and that I have indeed quit they are usually quite supportive...My only thought is that I hope you didn't shut this guy down when he was being curious. If he was being an ass about it then that's fine. But if he was honestly curious about why and how he might be another heading in our direction...As for the rest of it I find a lot of the same. I love spending more time with my daughter. I find myself both more and less patient depending on the situation I'm in. Big events are tougher but it's more rewarding in the end...Good luck to you. Stay strong.
