-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1rx4yn/i_told_my_job_about_my_alcoholism/

I work at a retail store where people constantly gossip behind each others backs and are generally 2 faced. My co-workers started a rumor that I am dating and doing drugs with a girl who is obviously usually high. ..One of my co-workers who acts cool with me but runs back to the managers to snitch told them this rumor and a couple months ago also told them that I had a drinking problem...I was talking to my store manager about something unrelated and she hinted towards this rumor. I got angry and ended up sharing with her that I am an alcoholic and attend AA meetings but I still struggle to stay sober...She gave me a number to call for help offered by my company. All it was is 3 counseling sessions for free then I have to pay...In the moment I felt happy sharing with her the truth to clear all the rumors I also felt more free since I have nothing to hide...This was a couple days ago but now I feel angry because I don't feel like I should have had to share my personal life with work. The way my manager runs her store though is by having different people feed her information about things they hear...I feel like my privacy got invaded and me or anyone else should not be judged on our personal life only on our work. She acts like she cares about my situation but in the end I know managers only care about their business.
----------immediate responses--------

Managers are leaned on by HR. HR doesn't necessarily have your best interest at heart. Don't be undermining your sobriety with resentment. This is life on life's terms. Our job is to adjust to it. If you have a sponsor at AA this would be a good thing to talk about. 
You're right. You shouldn't be judged by your personal life but unfortunately it happens all the time. It's up to us to keep things as private as possible however people will gossip. I think you did what is best for your situation by being honest with your manager. She didn't fire you when she heard the rumor so that's good. 
This sounds like a tangled mess to be honest. First you are correct that your co-workers should mind their own business and your boss should see to that. That's part of her job. Second you you are correct that you should not be judged on your personal life. In your manager's defense however your personal life as an alcoholic *can* (not saying "does" mind you) have an affect on your work performance. In that very specific case your manager does have a right to be concerned. Third they are required to offer help with issues you are having even if that help is crappy and you choose not to accept it. It can fall under the ADA if you're American. If not I'm sure there is an equivalent wherever you are.  I would accept this as a "clearing the air" moment. Now your boss knows what is affecting you and she can ignore the rumors or halt them.
I think you should ask for help from other AA members and your sponsor who may have experienced similar things. Also please try to use the Serenity Prayer while dealing with issues that arise out of this. This will help you separate out the shit you gotta deal with with shit you cannot deal with.
