-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1s0jeo/still_travelin_forward/

Thanks are in order.  Thank you all for sharing your experiences and insight.  Lately I have been in a rut/funk.  I had stopped attending AA meetings as I was curious about how things were going to feel with a different perspective.  I attended a few over the last couple of days out of sheer loneliness.  What I discovered is one very positive thing the meetings get me out of the house away from my TV and reddit out into the fresh air and the world which is moving around me.  .Now I attended a quasi-buddhist recovery meeting and it was very helpful in a way that I'm not sure how to put into words.  There were huge moments of silence almost like the people in there didn't need to speak but just being there was comfortable.  It had been years since I did any type of meditation and this silence led me to discover the importance of self-reflection.  Just a few minutes every day to concentrate on my breathing and let the thoughts rush in or rush out..Then I attended another regular meeting my home group if you want to call it that and at first I was overcome with all the negativity spewing out of the mouths but I sat and listened and sure enough one little phrase from one person shed a new light on my own self recovery.  So how long will it be before my next meeting?  Who knows?..The major struggle for me at this point is getting over my lonliness.  I look forward to going to work for this very same reason.  And as a result I probably divulge TMI to my co-workers.  Oh well at least I am being honest and have nothing to hide anymore.  That is a huge advantage...Not sure where to take this I suppose thoughts or comments on things you do to meet other people outside of work and outside of the AA or other regular support groups.  I have visited coffee shops and it seems like people go there to be lonely as well...Again I thank you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 3star!
Thanks for posting.  I was lonely on purpose as an active alcoholic because I didn't want anyone to see the way I drank and behaved when I drank the way I wanted to drink.  In my case I liked drinking myself into a stupor fall down drooling passed out drunk.  Consequently I'd provoke fights in a way that I was able to rationalize that I was the victim and I think I'll just sit here and drink when all my so-called family and friends had had quite enough of me and fled the scene.  I was particularly adept at this trick during the holidays.  Living sober and working an AA program has helped me see a lot of my bullshit for precisely what it is.  ..Good luck to you and thanks for sharing.
For me I've been able to meet a number of people in AA who I have become good friends with and we now get together to do things outside of meetings. So I have that going for me which is nice. 
I've met people through political volunteering and an art collective. I have to say that my closest friends are the people I've met in AA. I chose a few meetings and became a regular. Once people got used to me not only being there but continuing to be sober they got friendly. 
Congrats on your 98 days.  I think the quasi-Buddhist meeting sounds cool.  If I had something like that near me I'd definitely check it out. ..I'm also someone who sometimes is an "oversharer" with work folks and the like.  But I prefer being myself and being honest to hiding.  So I think it's okay. 
I went to AA and that is where I learnt to say hello to people and use small talk.  I am now able to do this in every day life. AA didn't just get me sober it thought me how to live in the real world as well.  
