-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1s3ams/wine_with_dinner/

I must preface this first by saying that wine was my drink of choice prior to sobriety.  Last night I had dinner at a nice restaurant with my Girlfriend.  A waiter passed by our table with two glasses of wine for another table and I could smell the wine.  I could actually smell the wine as it passed by me.  ..I looked around the restaurant and noticed all of the people enjoying a glass of wine with their dinner.  I had to talk myself down from a panic attack from contemplating the fact that these people could have a glass of wine with their dinner and I couldn't.  It made me anxious angry and sorry for myself all at the same time.  My brain kept telling me that if I had just one glass of wine all would be right with the world.  I struggled through the dinner and tried to focus on our conversation.  It didn't end until we were  walking out the door after we'd finished our meal.  ..That was probably the worst experience and the hardest to overcome since I stopped drinking.  That was last night and I'm still dealing with it today.  I'm really pissed off.  It just seems so unfair.  Why can't I have just one ####ing glass of wine with my dinner like a normal person???  I know the answer already and I know where it would lead.  The same place it always has.  I didn't do it.  I'm just angry and I needed to vent.  ..Edit:  I'm sitting at my desk at work right now fighting back tears over this.  This really sucks to put it mildly..
----------immediate responses--------

On my 266th day of sobriety I wonder the same thing maybe I could have a beer or two on saturday evenings and everything will be just fine. That's a lie and I know it. Beware of this thoughts because they are dangerous and we all know where the first drink will lead.
You know it's interesting.  Since I quit drinking I've noticed for the first time that everyone in the restaurant ISN'T drinking alcohol.  I had always assumed that everyone else over the age of 21 (or whatever) was drinking because shit I was...Looking back there were tons of times that my wife and I would go out to a fairly nice restaurant and she didn't drink.  Really it's no different than if I order Sprite and my wife orders Coke with dinner.  But in our case I order water and she orders Iced Tea.  Or wine.  Or Beam &amp; Diet.  Whatever...What good is one glass of wine anyway?  I didn't really just want one glass.  Or two.  Or three.  I wanted the damn bottle.  And another.  One glass isn't worth it.
[deleted]
It sounds like that was a huge challenge and you faced it so successfully!
[deleted]
Sure it sucks. But think about it. This caused you distress over something you wouldn't let yourself have. The near panic attack the anger the frustration and the tears are a sign that something is wrong. Your brain is throwing a temper tantrum. And that's the reason we can't have "one ####ing  glass of wine like a normal person". You and I aren't "normal" people...You handled your brain in much the same way a responsible adult would handle that child. You came out victorious. Well done. Willpower is like a muscle. It needs exercise to become stronger. In time it won't be so hard. Stay strong brother.
I know that it must have been hell last night but your strength is inspiring. Thank you for posting this. ..
What helps me is to realize that it's not the wine that I really want.  It's the way I thought the wine made me feel. It's the feeling of being carefree and in control that I thought the wine gave me.  I remind myself that those feelings of being carefree may have been correlated with wine at dinner but the wine wasn't *causal*.  I have very happy memories of my parents taking the kids out for ice cream.  But ice cream isn't going to make me feel like a happy kid again.  Happiness is going to make me feel like a happy kid again.
I had the same experience until about three months into sobriety. I realized I didn't want a GLASS of wine. I wanted a bottle. I wanted to drink until I felt nothing passed out and woke up hungover and ashamed. When I see those people drinking nicely in a restaurant I now know that was never what I wanted. What I really wanted is terrible for me and I don't want it anymore. 
I had supper with my wife at a hipster wine bar that just opened.  My wife drinks 2 glasses of wine per night most nights.  Back in the 1990s when I had been sober 10 0r 12 years this was beginning to bother me and I had some of the same sensations you describe although I had also begun to stop regular AA attendance.  In 2001 I'd relapse my desire to drink wine was a huge part of it.  A few months into my relapse I was swilling down $30 bottles of wine like it was two-buck chuck.  My desire for the elegant experience of sipping wine from fine stemware proved to be another one of my alcoholic distortions.  In recovery again--4 years and counting I am working an AA program by physically going to meetings.  I'm sharing with my sponsorees and sponsor.  I share here.  Whenever one of those proto-relapse thoughts occur to me--I hope I continue to have the courage you exhibited and I come here and share it with others who understand.
Yeah this bites the big one for me too. I desperately tried for years to drink normally socially whatever. Oh lord how I tried. You faced the demon friend. You faced him and told him to eff off. I know it doesn't seem like a win but it is. I had a similar thing happen to me over Tgiving- my brother is an alcoholic but very understanding and supportive that I want to be "sober". (He "quits" for months at a time but never stays "sober" I have to splain the diff to him one day lol) He didn't drink in front of me but must've had a flask. he leaned in to say something to me and I could smell the vodka on his breath. It literally made me weak in the knees like I was missing a lover! NOT NORMAL. It's hard sometimes more than others but so worth it. 
I don't think those people are lucky;  they are innocent...Its like a child growing up and realizing that being and adult doesn't necessarily mean the freedom to make your own decisions.  Instead it means work and responsibility...You have experiences that they haven't had and you've learned and grown because of it.
[deleted]
I see it at like this: I can have a glass of wine. ..But what are the consequences?..1. It's never just one. It turns into two and then shots and then in two weeks I'd wake up with...well I can't imagine the devastation a relapse would cause...
This is what I always struggle with "they can why can't I?". I'm just working my way back a relapse after a fairly long (for me) stint of abstaining and I failed to this thinking...It's really about acceptance like a diabetic who can't eat the birthday cake that all the other people around him so easily scarf back. It's accepting that other people can but I can't. And that's OK for them. But like that diabetic I need to watch what goes into my body because it doesn't react harmlessly in me as it does in them...And yeah it sucks. Because alcohol brings us all a sense of peace and levelness at least in the start. But in my case it always ends in disaster...Congrats on fighting through it. Maybe treat yourself to a nice meal or a present to celebrate?
In sobriety I've noticed that people around me really don't drink as much as I thought they did. And now that I know where one drink leads? Forget it! I'm happy to stay away from the shit...I was the only one at Thanksgiving cogent after dinner and I could drive myself home with no worry after everything was all done...
Blah I'm sorry :( When I was in rehab I learned that smelling alcohol is the main cause of relapse because it triggers so many memories most of which  we probably romanticize. Hang in there and stay away from booze smells!!
Wine! Fucking wine man. A New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc young. Montepulciano D'Abruzzo just a little aged. Those were my poisons. I had this same experience a couple of weeks ago and it probably helped lead to a relapse a few short days afterwards. I went through all those same emotions. My relapse obviously ended with cocaine and hideous amounts of money wasted. ..Life is just unfair. We just can't drink. Luckily everyone has their frailties and being "alcohol intolerant" really isn't that bad. We're hot house flowers extremely susceptible to toxins. In order to grow and thrive we mustn't allow any alcohol in our delicately balanced soil. It could be a lot worse. ..Here are my favorite comments from this thread in a nice little paraphrased paragraph: .."Those people who drink are innocent they haven't experienced what we have experienced. What we crave is the launching off into oblivion not just that one glass of wine.  Not drinking today is an investment in our future selves. It's about acceptance. We're alcohol intolerant." ..
You're looking at it from an angle of denying yourself. ..You're not denying yourself. You're choosing not to fall for the lie that life is more enjoyable with alcohol...If it was drinking more would lead to happiness and success. It didn't... Did it?
Wine doesn't make normal drinkers feel the same way it makes you feel. Your entire thought process is flawed. Imagine a pedophile whining that he can't spend time with children like other people can. He's mistakenly thinking that other people get boners when hanging out with kids. They don't.  They dont get the same type of thrill out of it. You want wine because it makes you feel like apples. You look at other people and lament oh poor poor me those people get to feel like apples and I don't. But those other people don't feel like apples. They feel like oranges.  Ya follow?
.I  am having the same problem. I want to drink with my coworkers who know good wines and share them liberally. ..I think what I really want is to be normal. Because I felt normal only when I drank. But I'm not normal at all when I drink. And I hate it. 
You and me are in similar boats similar wineless boats.  I had an experience a few months in and it was very much as you describe-- being blindsided with what all the sudden feels just the utter unfairness of it all. In those moments what had become a point of pride feels like a point of loss and that is where things get tough...Something that has been helpful for me is what'd helped me when I quit smoking which was when those points arise I tell my self "my turn is over".  You know that kid? That whiny proverbial kid (that we all were) that says "my turn! my turn! my turn!"  Well I tell that kid in me I tell them "you had your turn and your turn is done."  In situations where that smoke or drink tries to call my name these few words and attitude shift can really help:)  .. 
Stay strong my friend - there's never such a thing as 'just one glass' for people like us. ..Despite your anger and frustration you didn't give in to temptation. It might have ruined your evening but it didn't start something worse that could possibly ruin your life. You deserve respect for battling through and making a stand despite your emotions to do otherwise. Keep it up you deserve it!
We have such a different attitude about it. You're feeling like all you need is one glass of wine to be happy when has that ever been true? Also it took me a long time to realize that controlled drinking is not the key to happiness. Even if I was able to control it I still might not be happy. There are plenty of people I know who can control their drinking but they're not happy. Those people in the restaurant probably aren't thinking "my life is so great! I'm having one glass of wine with dinner!" And yet it's so easy to imagine that...
I had the exact same cravings the night before Thanksgiving except I wasn't as strong as you. I gave in...I then proceeded to drink for 3 days straight. I blacked out and don't remember almost anything for 3 fucking days. I did some dangerous shit like driving ***jacking up a car and working on it***--you believe that? I was blackout drunk working under a car I just jacked up. God knows what else.  I then came to Sunday morning and had horrible DTs for the next 3 days and only now do I feel normal again. ..I threw away over a month of sobriety the respect of my friends who's party I missed and I literally felt suicidal because I didn't stop myself from drinking that glass. I'm lucky that's the only bad shit that went down too....That's what you missed out on. You did the right fucking thing
I appreciate you for being so strong on convincing yourself not to have a glass of wine even you were around with people having their glasses of wine. Continue on doing so. You can get through it and have that nice feeling of being sober.
I can totally relate. I loved wine and love food and thought I'd never be able to enjoy one without the other. Sometimes I romanticize the idea in my head of having a glass of wine with dinner... then I realize that I've never had just one glass of wine with dinner... ever. I'm just not wired that way. The longer I've been sober the more accepting of this I've become. The more accepting I am of my alcoholism the less I feel sorry for myself and the less I feel like I'm missing out. Stay strong.
