-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1s4zlr/on_moving_on_and_letting_go/

In AA they have a lot of slogans that the old-timers will wag in your face whenever you have a question like it's some kind of cure-all ointment you can just rub on yourself and feel better. When this first happens you tend to get a little agitated. You know that you're not looking for an instant cure (as good as that might be) but they treat these slogans like that's exactly what they are; which they know they aren't as well....One of these slogans is: "Let go and let God." Now before anyone retorts with the standard "God! See this is what is wrong with AA!" let me just start by deconstructing this slogan a little bit which I've been doing a lot of ever since I joined the program. *Let Go* is the key part of the phrase. Stop fighting. The war is over. It may not seem like it is but it is *over*. Nobody won. *Let God* means let life do its thing and trust that you are exactly where you are supposed to be doing exactly what it is that you are meant to be doing. If you're in an AA meeting angry at an old timer and his god-forsaken slogan then you are doing exactly that....But don't swallow the slogan just yet. How the fuck are we supposed to *let go*? We're fucking angry! The world has fucking shorted us yet again as it always has in the past and we only drink because *x* did *y* to us for the *nth* time and there's no way we can handle *z* without drinking! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU.............stop right there. What good does blind rage do? What solutions do we conjure from the world tinged dark-red through our eyes in our anger? If you're here right now and you're reading this you know that it doesn't do a lick of good besides leading us to our favorite solution and our ultimate problem....Who among us can say that we tried to let go before sobering up? Who here can honestly say that they have no problem letting bygones be bygones or rolling through the punches or deciding that we can't be angry with the actions of other people because it won't do us any good?...I used to think that letting go was some sort of *aha!* moment in which the pain you feel is just miraculously lifted from you because the problem you've been wrestling with for however long gets solved like some sort of ethereal Rubik's Cube in your mind and you can finally put it to bed. But it isn't like that at all - rather letting go is realizing the futility of the problem to begin with. Now many of you may not be 12 steppers and that's okay. In the program there's a long process of listing literally everything that gets your goat and admitting it and subsequently either dealing with it or throwing it to the wind. That's how AA tackles letting go. But if you're anything like me it's probably one or two **MAJOR** issues that keep you down or are always on your mind. In our case we just have to come to terms with the fact that it isn't really a problem anymore - it's a fact of our lives. What we choose to do with the experience it has given us is up to us but wrestling with it is just not an option. It isn't. You can't wrestle with a ghost you'll just lunge through the damn thing and smash your face into a wall or fall on the pavement....And this is where *Letting God* comes in. For the Athiest out there this means letting life take its course. Look I'm still struggling with this but every day that I spend sober living on life's terms instead of my own it's getting easier. Replace your panic with relaxed breathing. Replace your obsession with the past with an appreciation for the present. Like Paul said just fuckin' Let it Be....You can't go back. You can't even look back. If you look back too often you're going to miss your turn friends. And I just can't bear to see you do that....Let Go. Let God okay?
----------immediate responses--------

Could not have said it better. I used to hate all the AA sayings but as I sobered up and worked the steps I see the truth in them. Let go and let god. Super important to me now. I have to stop fighting the meaningless crap I used to. 
I'm new here just ending my first day back on the wagon. I'm skeptical of attending AA for many of the reasons you mentioned but still plan on attending my first meeting this Saturday. Your poignant point of view not only makes me want to go in with even more of an open mind but was an inspirational perspective that I so need on the beginning of this journey.  Thank you. 
Beautiful. Wonderful. Thank you.
&gt;every day that I spend sober living on life's terms instead of my own it's getting easier. ..This. Simple and so true. .Loved the whole text and so much resonated with me. You are a wise one. 
Even though I'm Catholic I see "let go let God" as giving up the struggle to stop beating yourself up and jump into the ocean of obsession that is alcoholism. Like we're handing over our addiction admitting moving forward. 
It's actually very profound. The older I get the more time I've lived the more I see myself still tangled up in the same problems.  Ironically  they're all in my head; I have a great life. But there's always something I can worry about or struggle with no matter what my circumstances are.  Learning to let go of that struggle and enjoy the day is really hard but critical.  What we want and think we need is never satisfied. Everything is already here if we can just let go of our own designs.
As an atheist I appreciate what you said here. And the fact that you equated the saying with "Let it be." gives me an easier way to accept it. I can say "Let it be." without getting my hackles up at all...Thank you for the insight. I really enjoyed this post.
That was the perfect post for me at the perfect time.  Today I've been feeling sorry for myself for how I was raised.  I need to "let go" somehow without alcohol.
