-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1s7z8y/perspective_something_ive_avoided_for_so_long/

Hey there SD how are you all doing tonight?.I will attempt to be brief because I don't think I can express in mere words what I'm feeling right now but I want to get it off my chest...I came home from work tonight and one of the first things I noticed is that some of my stuff had been moved around like someone was looking around my room.  I knew who it was it was my mom.  At first I was outraged at the notion that my privacy would be violated like that but I stopped that train of thought shortly after.  I knew why she did this; she was scared for me and wanted to know how much I was really drinking alone in my room because lord knows I wouldn't be honest with her about it..If you're like me I keep a lot of the empty bottles hidden away so I can later dispose of them without raising any suspicion.  Unfortunately I rose suspicion by being drunk fairly consistently over the weekends and then missing a day or two of work the next week.  This behavior of mine has been keeping up since early this year but more frequently during the last 4 or 5 months...She came and sat down in my room tonight and she talked to me for a little over an hour..For the first time I didn't deflect her and get mad but rather I listened to her..The things she told me about her life growing up the constant struggles she was presented with her over her life and the severe depression she's been fighting for so long but now getting better with therapy was incredibly humbling..I felt so selfish for the reasons I got drunk.."I don't know why I have to pay for student loans it's a scam"."I hate my job why do I have to do this for the rest of my life?".etc...etc...same selfish bullshit just different context and situations...When she told me that I talk and act selfish when I'm drunk when compared to what she told me about her life growing up I couldn't help but feel incredibly humbled..I had been selfish and arrogant to everyone around me because I was mad I was mad at the world around me and felt that I'm somehow exempt from having to put up with the endless bullshit life throws at you.  The thing is I'm not and neither is anyone I walk past on the street or who I work with.  ..There was so much more but that's not for this post...I just wanted to share..Put some real perspective on your situation and don't lose it.  I feel elated and humbled but very focused.  I was being selfish and having that perspective now in the start of my  recovery from this cynical worldview helps me out tremendously.  ..I wish you all the best SD.  Thanks for listening...edit: there is a lot more that was said and talked about but it's more personally related to my family and situation that I didn't want to dive into otherwise this would have been a small novel.
----------immediate responses--------

Really amazing insight. You and your Mom are awesome.
[deleted]
Sounds like a good step :)
I truly believe that in order to see yourself clearly you need to see yourself through someone else's eyes. I'm not saying to live your life according to what they think of you. I'm just saying to see how they perceive you to get a clearer view of who you appear to others to be.
as a Mom myself I love this :-)
THIS:  "I was mad at the world around me and felt that I'm somehow exempt from having to put up with the endless bullshit life throws at you."..I can SO relate. Get over myself!!.
