-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sdwr8/i_have_a_plan_why_am_i_lying_down/

I said to myself and stood up. .On my way to my first AA-meeting. Luckily for me i have the chance to attend an all-womens meeting. I live in a city with more than one million people and that gives me great opportunities like this. .I am nervous but curious. ..Almost two months in still frequent relapse dreams and I am wondering if sobriety is a life long thing for me or if I'm not "that bad off an alcoholic" as some. I try to convince myself this is bullshit and it doesn't matter how much of an alcoholic I am. ..I think of it maybe as a pregnant thing... Either you are - or you are not? .You can't be just a little pregnant. It's just a matter of time before people start noticing and then the big consequenses come. ..Am I making any sense? 
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely. But there's no one that can tell you you're an alcoholic or not. In fact a lot of people might tell you you're being silly. You gotta decide that for yourself. Having a year sober I can tell you it's certainly a process. I woke up the morning after my 1 year "happy dance" and realized I had a relapse dream. Sometimes I think I should drink again because you know why not?! But then I do my best to remember that I wasn't a nice or productive person when drinking. And I think I'll have to cut off my left arm because I got this great tattoo to celebrate. So for me there's no going back. Only forward with some vague idea of all the things I'm going to accomplish. I think through the meetings you will see yourself in lots of women and consequently find a lot of the answers you're looking for. It just takes time and effort. Congrats on almost two months!
If you haven't really accepted that alcoholism is a progressive disease it's probably time to think about that. I had a number of people as examples in my life and there was no denying the truth to myself anymore. I didn't follow alcoholism to the bottom either but I was lucky.
Of course you make sense. ..A woman's AA meeting is an excellent plan! When I went to meetings got a sponsor and started working the steps everything fell into place. Understanding the disease of alcoholism is critical. I read the book *Under the Influence* by Milam and Ketchum and it thrust me into acceptance. I highly recommend it. 
Yes. It is like pregnancy. But I'll be damned if that little voice in my head doesn't play the same game. 'Oh PG you silly girl. You've overreacted again! You weren't an alcoholic silly! You aren't like those girls at AA with the DUIs you haven't lost kids or gone to jail you silly thing. Now that you've learned some restraint it's time to moderate you goofball! Now go buy a few bottles of wine and some cheese and crackers to go with it. *Now*. You're not a not fucking alcoholic PG why not prove it by buying that wine *right fucking now*? **What the fuck are you waiting for?!'** A girl in my AA group once said that "alcoholism is the only disease that will convince you you're not sick in your own voice." When that happens I go back here and read prior posts. Reguardless of what the addict in my brain says I'm a fucking alcoholic. 
It made a world of difference to me when I realized on a deep level that my drinking was a serious problem even though I was not in the "really bad" category either ie no serious consequences very "functional". Still I'm amazed now how I "wasn't really sure I had a problem" even though at the very same time I was doing pretty extreme stuff which showed I had a problem.  I knew I needed to hide  empty bottles and vary the stores I bought liquor from. I  regularly poured out the remains in bottles so I wouldn't drink it  then bought more anyway.  One day  I realized  my plan had a flaw that people would notice if I poured the stuff out too like what happened to the bottle of vodka that was there? So  I hit on the idea of putting dishwashing soap  in the  half-full bottles so they could stay in the house but I wouldn't be able to drink them.  Guess what? I drank the stuff with the soap in it. And the stuff with half a cup of salt in it. But I still kept debating whether it was all serious or not for another 5 years or so. I have to laugh.
&gt; Either you are - or you are not?..Yeah my alcoholism is flaring up today. I need another coffee and to calm the hell down.
