-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1se6ed/new_here_day_5_sweaty_palms_might_make_this_tricky/

Hi all. I'm new here. Lurked for a few weeks. Been drinking a pint of vodka 3-4 times a week for over a year. Actively trying to stop since mid-November. 3 relapses last one this past Tuesday. I've got myself a therapist. We're meeting weekly. There are no open meetings close to me that I can find. All closed for patients and prisoners only.  My hands are constantly shaking heart is racing and I'm anxious and terrified... but I'm here. My SO is very angry with me. We're barely speaking at this point. I'm estranged from my family (not alcohol related) which makes him my main support system and that's not good. I'm nominating you guys as my new support system. Wish me luck. I'm going to need it.
----------immediate responses--------

Nomination accepted! You aren't the only one. There's actually several people who use this in lieu of meetings. Have you checked out online/phone meetings as well? Reguardless of the support structure you settle on we're glad you're here! Message the mods for a badge and jump into the chat to meet some people! /r/stopdrinking is an insanely supportive sub. Good luck in your sobriety!! 
Are you sure the closed meetings mean what you think they do? An open meeting means that anyone is welcome to attend. Closed meetings are only for the individuals with a desire to stop drinking. That would be you. That said Welcome. We're glad you're here.
Welcome! This is a wonderful place for support. Out of curiosity since you mentioned you have a therapist have you looked for any outpatient treatment groups? I'm involved in one that I was referred to as a part of my dui. It's not anything I would have ever considered on my own because I didn't know it existed. I go once a week (or more often) and it's very similar to attending AA. We go around in a circle talk about our week then each take turns discussing reading assignments (usually from the big book) or giving recaps of the aa meetings we've been to. Sometimes the therapists have a topic to discus or something to read to us. It sucks to have to pay for treatment unlike free meetings but if you have health insurance it may cover part of it. Anyway just a thought! If you've already looked into this then nevermind :) either way thanks for joining us here!
Welcome to SD; but let me join with the others in urging you to check out some face-to-face recovery meetings.  Again "closed" AA meetings are closed to persons who might be there for non-recovery reasons i.e. friends of persons in recovery grad students in social work or nursing or others who might be using AA to recover from non-substance based addictions.  Also why don't you check out the [Traditions] (http://www.aa.org/bigbookonline/en_appendicei.cfm)--you'll see that there are no POLITICS allowed. 
Well done on taking the first steps we all know it's hard! And like PartyGirl says we've all done some pretty grim things... so don't beat yourself up about what you have done focus on what you're going to do now ;) ..My advice try out different meetings/groups whatever you find to see what works for you. Give things a chance and don't give up. ..Stick around here - you're not alone ;)..edited because words are hard
For me the physical addiction became the hardest nut to crack in the end. The tremors the heart racing the nausea...and just sweaty all the time - I couldn't go for 6 hours without a few swigs just to stay normal. What finally got me over that hump was an addiction physician and meds - Klonopin(clonazepam) to be precise. I know I'm not even 3 weeks in but this is the longest I've gone in 5 years and I really don't know if I could've done it without the Klonopin. I'm about 5 days off of any meds and I feel back to some sort of normal that I haven't felt in a very long time - I think I'd burned out my desire to drink long ago but those withdrawal pains were always too much for me.....I live in a large city and there aren't a ton of addiction specialists even here so you may not find any close to you - but talk with your normal doc about some options you might have. Support is crucial (hope you find some here - heck just seeing the day count in my flair cheers me up!) but I feel that it doesn't hurt to get a little help from a trained physician. That psychological craving can a little easier to tend to without the physical craving gnawing at you. Best of luck :)..
Welcome to the group. Stick around!..After reading through all the comments here you might want to consider your boyfriend's motives. He's angry about things you've done while drunk but he doesn't sound very supportive. If he wants you to quit but discourages you from known methods of quitting there must be a motive. I'm not telling you he's a bad guy or to leave him or anything. I'm no authority on life and I won't tell you how to live it but a red flag raised in my mind and that means something needs some scrutiny...Good luck to you.
