-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1see9q/took_a_shot_of_vodka_this_morning/

...my LAST EVER alcoholic drink! Feelsgoodman.jpg..I want to share my story if you don't mind. Just in case it helps even one person! In fact I am where I am today because others decided to share. So here it is:..I started drinking in high school. I could never do beer. I hated the taste of alcohol. I wanted to just get straight to the "drunk" part. I believe now I started drinking because I always wanted to fit in with a certain crowd and they all were starting to drink. I found that I had a natural ability to consume incredible quantities of hard liquor and this put a lot of attention on me people thought it was funny and fun I was the "life of the party" etc. I felt included in that group... finally!..Well over time life changed but the drinking didn't. After high school we all went our separate ways. I went to a college that none of my friends went to. I wanted to make new friends but my drinking habits just made me look like "that guy." I went to all the rush parties my freshman year and I actually ended up being the ONLY person I knew who did not get invited to join a single fraternity. I later found out that my behavior at the various rush events got me labeled as a big problem. *Collegiate institutions with reputations for being centers of drinking and debauchery turned me away because of my raging drink habits!*..I eventually became depressed and dropped out of college. I kept drinking hard. It was the only thing I enjoyed anymore. I moved back in with my parents. I finally found a new social group of people who drank as hard as I did (turns out they weren't in college-- they had never gone or had dropped out like I did!). Unfortunately we soon graduated from alcohol to drugs. By the time I was 25 I was smoking pot several times a day getting completely shitfaced about 4 or 5 nights a week and doing large amounts of cocaine at least 2 or 3 nights a week. During the intervening period I also tried every other drug you could possibly imagine. I was running with a crowd of people who were as dedicated as I was to getting a buzz one way or another and yet I still had the reputation as being the one guy who would always do more that anyone else and yet somehow keep on.....Eventually it came to a head and I had a "moment of clarity" where I realized I was on the path to total destruction. I was sitting in jail after my *third* DUI and realized shit had gone too far. So once I finally convinced my mom to bail me out (she initially had refused for several days until she found out I was sharing a cell with someone waiting to be arraigned for *2nd degree murder*) I decided it was time to make some changes in my life...I moved to a new city away from my "enabling" friends. I quit the coke and even quit smoking pot pretty much cold turkey without any problems. And for about six months I even quit drinking. I found a job met a nice girl got my life turned around... and then thought I could surely handle a few drinks every now and then. I was in control of my life now right?..Well my sweet and patient wife had to put up with quite a bit. I eventually started visiting those old friends again and each time I'd get hammered. I never did go back to the drugs but I quickly got back into old form when it came to my old friend Jim Beam. She put up with a lot and it became quite a strain for us. A few incidents later and I could tell she was considering whether or not to stick with me. After one final incident I woke up with the mother of all hangovers and resolved that I was done drinking completely...That lasted for 2 and a half year. I did pretty good! Not a sip from that moment of waking up covered in my own piss feeling like I'd been in a car accident the night before. I felt like I was really in control again. I was in control! Did I really need to face the thought of *never* drinking another drink again? Surely if we were on vacation I could have the strength now to enjoy one or two tropical flavors right? Surely at a baseball game I could have the self-control to enjoy one or two beers just like the normal people do right?..Then I found out my brother was getting married and I was the best man. I had to throw him a bachelor party. I decided that this was a special enough once in a lifetime occasion that it warranted breaking my streak. Besides I rationalized I didn't want the stress of a streak anyways! I didn't want to not drink just for the sake of breaking my streak! That was the wrong attitude I thought. So I explained this "reasoning" to my wife and got a six pack on the way home. I was going to drink ONE beer just to break my streak. Just to prove something to myself!..Well I had two beers not one but I felt like that was still a success. I then decided I was worried about my tolerance not being what it once was so I needed to "practice" leading up to the wedding/bachelor party. I started having a few beers here and there and drinking a glass (or two or three) or wine with dinner fairly often. The bachelor party came and frankly it felt like my "practice" was worth it. I was able to stay up with the rest of the party until 4 am drinking beer and doing shots by keeping track of my pace drinking water between each drink etc. I was now convinced that if I could just maintain that discipline I could be in complete control of my drinking!..Lol no...Within a few weeks I was now drinking and entire bottle of wine for dinner. I was buying 12-packs of beer not six-packs. I would call ahead to dinner parties and try to find out *exactly* how many beers they had in the fridge trying to figure out if I could show up with a sixer or a 12-pack... maybe I could show up with two six packs finish the first then get the other from the car and no one would notice? Dinner out with the wife and I'd just order wine but go "to the bathroom" and stop at the bar for a shot or two or three. Go to happy hour with co-workers and I'd sneak shots at the bar and come back to the table with "just a beer." A glass of wine at home while watching a movie and I'd *sneak off to the bathroom and take swigs of my wife's cleaning vodka!* I started waking up with hangovers again. I kept the frequency to a minimum to avoid the wrath of my wife. I only engaged in this behavior about every-other weekend or so. But it was clear that "one or two drinks just because I enjoy it" was a lie...That's when I came on /r/stopdrinking and I saw [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/) by /u/strangesobriety...>And if you think you don't qualify as an alcoholic because your brain is running around in circles on overtime to come up with justifications and excuses and more palatable terms like "problem drinker" I've got news for you: Non-alcoholics don't spend any time at all wondering if they prefer the term "problem drinker" over "alcoholic."..Holy shit I had been struggling and struggling to control my drinking and all the while insisting that I wasn't "an alcoholic" because I didn't get drunk every day I never got the shakes I never drank in the morning etc. I was really just a binge drinker. But after reading that I looked inward and recognized that what he/she said was true...I had not had a drink since I read that post. I bought Allen Carr's Easy Way to Control Your Drinking and read it over the past week. I just finished this morning. In accordance with the book I just poured and took my last drink. I had to force it down and it was terrible (just like every other drink I ever had!). I now feel excited about a life without addiction. ..I want to say thank you to this subreddit and to /u/strangesobriety in particular for that post that sparked my thoughts. I'm also grateful to Mr. Allen Carr and *if your situation is anything like mine was or if you have issues with the "AA method" I highly recommend his book!*..This was long and incredibly self-indulgent. If you read the entire thing well I'm sorry :) I've never written it all out like that before and it does feel good. And maybe just maybe one person will read it and it will spark something just like /u/strangesobriety 's post did for me...I will try to post back later with updates on how it's going. Much love to all you wonderful people!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
It's good that you've joined us. Thanks for your story.
Welcome! Keep us posted!
Nice! I haven't read the book but I've heard great things about it. Thank you for sharing your story too. Like you said you could have said the one thing that one person needed to hear to take one step closer to recovery. Glad to have you here and don't forget to grab your badge tomorrow!
Welcome!  That book really helped me with my attitude about drinking and still helps me.
Welcome to the group. Grab a badge and stay awhile!
Excellent description of the "progression of the disease."  Glad you found your way to r/stopdrinking.  
I am reading that book right now.  It is so far the best book on sobriety I've read.  I don't think I will dare take a drink just to test the theory I already know to be true but I understand the reason behind it.
This is a great reminder of why the little voice that says "Someday I'm going to be able to control it and enjoy the occasional drink" is lying. Thanks for sharing.
Wow powerful story. My brain sometimes tries to trick me with the well what about during that vacation we plan on taking special situation type of event. Thanks for sharing your experiences. Side note what is cleaning vodka that sounds dangerous.
Good for you. Keep posting. Maybe tell your wife to find an alternative way to make natural diy cleaning fluids!  :)
