-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sehx3/4th_relapse/

Well guys I've done it again. On Friday night I drank. I downed 12 beers in about 3 hours then tried to take a cab ride over to my ex-boyfriend's house. I got about halfway there and I'm not sure what I said or did to the cab driver but he called the police. If I recall correctly they were going to let me finish my journey but instead I told them to arrest me. So they obliged. I spent the night in the suicide watch room in jail. No blanket no mattress no toilet and only wearing a paper gown. I was freezing and miserable...I did the most unspeakable horrible shameful things in that jail. My wrists are still swollen from the handcuffs and my thumb has no feeling in it. It's funny because I had just talked with my sponsor about the progressive nature of alcoholism. And now I've hit a new low. I had never been arrested before. My mother came to bail me out at 5:30 in the morning...Despite my shame and embarrassment I am going to make this time be enough. I am grateful that it happened as I believe this experience will give me the willingness and desperation of the dying. I am sure that if I drink again I will die...I want to apologize. I am sorry. This will be the last time.
----------immediate responses--------

No need to apologize. It's perfectly normal for alcoholics to drink. I had to start consciously practicing "atypical behavior" and go ahead and not drink. If you're going swear it off just do it for today. Tomorrow has enough trouble of it's own.
You sound like you recognize the bottom when you see it; the only question is are you ready to stop digging?..Then congratulations!  Today really can be the beginning of a whole new way of life.  Don't drink today make a plan to not drink tomorrow and get to a recovery meeting today if at all possible.  Good luck and thanks for sharing.
This is bad. The good part is the gift of desperation. I don't know why some of us have to experience such lows before we let go of the thing that destroys us. You can do better. I hope you use this site for constant support.
I was told that it's not really relapse if I didn't have a program to lose. Were you working a program?
Oh dear I spent the night in jail too when I got my DUI June 2012. Please let this be your rock bottom. Getting my DUI made me realize I am an alcoholic but I just recently have made a real effort to stop. Stay on here work your steps good luck. I know jail is hell just awful. :(
Everybody gets knocked down it's whether or not you get back up that matters. Get up.
Sounds like a rough night. It also sounds like you've learned your lesson at least sober. If you stay sober you won't spin out of control like that. Don't take that first drink. Stop by if you need help. Call your sponsor first!  Anything but that first drink.....Stay strong sister.
A couple of people have mentioned it but I wanted to jump in and say it my self. Live for today and try to be more in the present. It's really easy to not drink today just don't pick up that drink. Tomorrow will come when it will and you can try to do it all over again. I'm glad your working a program support and community is a great positive reinforcement. Also remember that you cannot change the past so please don't beat yourself up to much about it. Use it as a learning experience and move on from it!.
