-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1seqgz/what_is_it_about_aa/

Apologies if this gets asked on a regular basis.  What do you think it is about AA that makes it so successful?  Do you think AA is more successful for certain types of drinkers?..Is it structure community having a sponsor or just being able to put yourself in a nonjudgmental environment in which certain things just don't have to be explained?  I'm just curious about what it is that people can't seem to do by themselves...Secondly about the types of drinkers I wonder if AA is most effective for people who struggle with the temptation every day and who benefit best from regular reinforcement.  I sometimes have a hard time relating to the posts I see on these boards because I'm a binger not a daily drinker and when I'm not binging I'm not really thinking about drinking.  I know that problem drinking is problem drinking but advice given to someone who is just trying to get through the night isn't going to resound for someone who "accidentally" gets wasted a couple times a month.  Or is it?
----------immediate responses--------

Many people in AA don't struggle with daily cravings.  I am not an AA person but from what I understand many people lose all desire to drink after some time in AA.  That's the whole point of "working the steps."  They keep going to meetings because ... well I should let them answer that one.  But take a look at yourself and what you're doing right now. You say you don't struggle with daily cravings. Yet you have a badge marking the number of days since you've been sober. Yet you're participating here asking answering learning making connections.  See any parallels?  What are you after?  It's not a giant leap to surmise that the people in AA are after the same things.
I'm a daily or nearly daily AA goer. I've been going for about 2 years now and have gone through the 12 steps with a sponsor. I don't have any desire to drink. However I'm an alcoholic and when shit in my head gets bad there's no telling what starts to sound like a good idea to me. I'm not saying I would go pick up a drink - at least not at first. But crazy behavior begets more crazy and once those wheels start turning it's really tempting to just go with that. The big book says that people working the 12 steps aren't cured but that they have a daily reprieve contingent upon maintaining spiritual fitness. That's what going to meetings is for me - a chance to keep improving in my work against something that's still looking to fuck my life...I don't know what about AA works specifically but I'm guessing that differs for different people. I'm a guy that needs all the help he can get so I appreciate the fellowship the peer pressure the spiritual program the direct instruction the friendliness the amazing realness of meetings the opportunity to grow and whatever else I can get from it. 
http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=does-alcoholics-anonymous-work..I don't know but people have looked into it.
Aa has many "binge drinkers"  the issues are not as different as you might think.   Bottom line is we drink too much usually way too much and it effects our lives badly...The advice not to pick up the first drink works for all problem drinkers.  ..
[deleted]
[deleted]
You should check out this [article](http://www.wired.com/magazine/2010/06/ff_alcoholics_anonymous/all/) from Wired that explores some ideas about why AA works (although the takeaway is that no one knows why it works). Some studies mentioned in the article found that people who get more deeply involved in the program (sponsoring others especially) fare better than those who just attend meetings; creating positive social bonds in the program improves peoples' general well-being helping to prevent relapse; and most interesting to me that the group stands in for your impaired pre-frontal cortex (the part of the brain that protects you from doing bad things which you destroy by drinking too much) until you learn to regulate yourself again...I'm still kind of baffled as to how it's worked for me. It seems like left to my own devices my thinking naturally meanders toward a pretty dark and fearful worldview -- that I am fucked everything is fucked everyone is stupid I don't like anyone and no one likes me that nothing good will ever happen. It's intolerable and drinking makes me feel better so obviously I will drink when I live in that world day in and day out...When I go to AA regularly I believe the opposite of all that. I'm basically an okay human with normal struggles the world is fun and funny and has light in it I can help myself by helping others I see truly amazing and beautiful turnarounds in people's shattered lives I have a moral code that makes sense to me and that I want to live up to. There's no reason to drink when I live in that world. ..If I stop going to meetings for a week or two the old shitty beliefs creep back and even if cravings don't immediately appear I know it's only a matter of time before I have to drink to escape from my fear and hopelessness. And in the meantime I'll just be living with fear and hopelessness which is a lame way to go through life. Essentially drinking long ago stopped being my real problem; my real problem is my brain has some kind of whack filter for seeing the world and AA fixes it. ..Hope that helps! Also AA is full of binge drinkers.
I was "only" a binge drinker for years (15ish) before I stepped up my game pretty much overnight into daily alcoholic drinker. Did that for 13 years. The people in the rooms of AA gave me the hope that I could quit after trying for a few years to quit on my own. I had what I guess one would call a moment of clarity after a couple of months of attending AA and haven't had a single urge to drink since then... I now view putting alcohol in my body as something worse than drinking cat piss. Even the smell of it makes me queasy. In other words I DON'T struggle with the temptation every day as you were speaking of. But I still go to meetings three times a week call my sponsor every day call/text other alcoholics do service work and work the steps (on step 8 now).  ..Why if I don't have any urges or cravings you might ask? Because I could not do it on my own and I don't ever want to go to that dark place again. Because I look forward to the hope and life I see and hear there. Because I think I am a better person for the people around me by doing the things that are suggested as a course of action in AA. Because I am grateful for my life I have now and I don't think I would be here without those folks in AA. ..Just remember: Just because you're "only" a binge drinker now doesn't mean it can't morph into something far worse later. And you never know when that sometime could be...tomorrow even.
Becoz the evidence is incontravertable!   You *see* 'recovering' alcoholics!!!..And it's probably the first time you have been able to discuss your 'disease' with someone who actually *knows what they're talking about* without feeling like you are being judged as 'mad bad or broken'..  When you sit in a meeting and listen to people identify people who *have walked the walk* and then when they talk and the person telling the 'alcoholic's tale' (and it's a 'talk' that *all* alcoholics know only too well) *but* they don't *sound or look* like an alcoholic BUT there's no way they could say what they are if they hadn't "walked the walk"..  At this point you realize there *are* people who *have* somehow figured out a way to deal with the alcohol monster .... and you see that 'doing the suggested things' actually *works*! .. SO just for today you give it a go .... and coz it works you keep 'doing the suggested things' and before you know it a week has gone by without a drink! And then a month and then you bust *but* no one hassles you about it .... and so you try again 'just for today' ... and the next thing you know it's several busts later and you are celebrating your 10th birthday!.. Personally I found talking about my behaviour was super helpful in coming to terms with it and then doing something about it .... and all the sayings made *so much sense!*.. "do what you did and you'll get what you got" AA.."If nothing changes nothing changes" AA.."Expectations are the basis of disappointment"  Buddha
[deleted]
I keep copying and pasting this because it comes up a lot:..A friend of mine told me that the sign of an alcoholic isn't the ability to go two weeks (or whatever duration really) without drinking. People both alcoholic and not regularly do that to prove they can. Even alcoholics can pass that test because there is an end in sight and a reward (I can go back to drinking yay!) at the end. Every one of them will use it to justify continuing to drink. The true sign of an alcoholic is the lack of ability to buy a six pack and only drink two. Because an alcoholic simply can't stop. While it's not entirely accurate (my magic number was 4) it is remarkably familiar to anyone that has been there.
Is it? I know it works well for some people but I have never seen evidence that it is more effective than other ways of quitting. In fact the one time I saw a really good study on the matter it suggested that most ways of quitting have similar success rates (normal support system rehab therapy AA other support/quitting groups etc). 
