-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sfh1p/i_messed_up_and_hurt_the_person_i_love/

I'm in my hometown for the holidays last night I went out with some friends and we drank tequila. I hadn't touched hard alcohol in months but we were at a Mexican joint and I was having a good time...Long story short I ended up blacking out and drunkenly making out with an old friend. I have never cheated on anybody ever and it goes against all of my moral fiber. When I woke up and this realization hit me I called my SO to tell him. He said that I betrayed him and left me. I spent all day today in bed trying not to vomit and sleeping instead of enjoying the Christmas spirit and spending time with family. The self loathing I am experiencing right now is completely my fault and is too much to bear...I have had a long struggle with alcohol. I've quit for 30 days on two separate occasions but I lost the love of my life today and I need serious help. I have had my heartstrings hammered long enough and I am ready to embrace sobriety for good this time.
----------immediate responses--------

What's your plan this time around? Lots of us have had 'oh shit' moments that freak us out and make us quit drinking. Then after a short period of time things settle down and it's incredibly easy to fall back into old habits unless you've got a plan of action. Best of luck to you. 
The only thing that works for most people is to get really serious about sobriety - and that means more than just not drinking. That means for them making lots of changes in their lives and themselves. That would include for example not hanging out with friends who drink Tequila at least until they are sober. There is help out there -you just need to reach out. Your sobriety will be a rewarding experience and you will not have to go through this ever again. If you make the choice. 
Hi I'm sorry that you are going through this. There are many people here who have lost their SO due to their alcohol consumption myself included. Sometimes it takes that unfortunately. You can absolutely use this as an opportunity to decide what you want your life to be like for YOU. Self-loathing won't fuel the long-haul. Don't worry about missing some events worry about making a plan to quit drinking. 
[deleted]
You made a mistake and it cost you. That's hard. The further down that road you go the worse it gets. But it sounds like you're ready to turn things around. That's awesome and I wish you the best of luck. Welcome to the group. Find a meeting grab a badge and stick around. Help is available to you. You're not alone.
I think it really sucks that your SO left you after you were honest. That's a harsh lesson.
