-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sfubp/total_reset_possible_trigger_sorry/

Sigh. I feel like an ass being here with a '2' on my badge. A couple of days ago it was 395. I don't mean that as a put down to people who are on day two I mean it as a putdown to me because I've spent so much time talking about how I would never drink again and yet here i am...So much shit has been building up over the last couple of months and I still don't have the tools to deal with it. The crippling anxiety the fear terror of just being around other people. The self sabotage and impulsive spending which I'm completely unable to control. I cut myself two days ago for the first time in years (this is not a suicidal thing it's a way of controlling and venting emotions)...The memories and emotions that my recent diagnosis brought up. They're what I started drinking cutting and isolating myself to avoid in the first place. After my social phobia diagnosis I looked up the criteria for a panic attack - it turns out I have them all the time (I may be having one right now). ..Over the past 395 days I guess I over-hyped to myself the extent that getting drunk helped me turn off my brain and not think these thoughts. I finally gave in hoping to numb my brain for a few hours and fuck the consequences...It was horrible. By the time I was mildly drunk I was extremely nauseous. I drank exactly as much as I could without puking. But I couldn't turn my brain off I couldn't stop the thoughts and feelings in my head. Maybe drinking never did that. Maybe it used to but my body has changed and it doesn't any more. Regardless the one thing I had left that I really missed about drinking is gone...That's a good thing. It sucks I had to relapse to figure it out. ..The next morning was worse than ever. While I was showering I saw stars then everything went dark and I nearly passed out. I sat on the bathroom floor for a half an hour and couldn't move. I couldn't eat until that evening and I was nauseous all day. I went to work but I could hardly function. And my poop smelled like (and felt like) demons risen from hell...The positive thing here is that I have absolutely no desire to drink any more. The one positive thing I thought I'd get out of it (turing my brain off) didn't happen and all I got was sick...So here I am with my shiny new badge experiencing day two all over again. Thanks for being here as always...P.S. : Yes obviously I do need professional help. I'm seeing a psychologist on tuesday to talk about my social phobia. I've already talked to a psychiatrist and she's open to prescribing medication but wants me to talk to the psychologist first. I strongly suspect I am also clinically depressed. ..[never give up never surrender](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fdcIwHKd_s)
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah talking to a professional is the right course of action here I know it can be hard but make sure you are at that appointment and any of then follow ups that get scheduled. Don't discount your time sober that's a really long time and admire that. The docs will help you get squared away (don't be afraid to get second opinions and really research their reccomendations) and then hopefully you'll be able to work through the funk. Good luck stick around!
Thank you for sharing because even though it took a relapse for you to figure out that it's not worth it it may take just one post like this to prevent a relapse in someone else. Stay strong and I'm glad you came back. 
Hi Dave. ..I'm sorry to hear you are struggling so deeply and am grateful you had the courage to come back to the subreddit and share with us. You have ruled out one of the most successful tools for recovery and that's AA. Maybe someday you'll reconsider. Whether you do or not I care about you my friend. .Keep us posted. 
Thank you so much for sharing this. It was scary and heartbreaking to read but it was also reassuring and comforting. I'm sorry that you're going through this but I am glad we're here together to do it. 
Welcome back. It sounds like you have some very good ideas to go forward with. Thank you for sharing them with us.
I feel your pain and frustration. I've been struggling with anxiety for years and had a pretty nasty relapse a couple of weeks ago though I didn't have anywhere close to a year of sobriety before then. For me the couple of days after the relapse were absolutely horrible anxiety and guilt wise but it lets up in time. ..I hope you can get the help you need for the anxiety or social phobia. I'm on a low dose of SSRI's and doing online talk therapy now and even though it sometimes feels frustratingly slow to help it does...Thanks for sharing and be proud of the 395 days you made it in the face of two nasty diseases.
Gosh you sound so strong. Thank you for sharing. Even with your relapse (and I've had 2 lately :() and pain you came here to post. I'm sure you helped someone today- you helped me  remember how physically and emotionally bad relapsing feels. There is TONS of help out there for your anxiety and depression problem keep trying until you find the solution for you. I had a rough time with early menopause went on something for about two years that helped me literally sail through. Good luck.
&gt; because I've spent so much time talking about how I would never drink again and yet here i am&lt;..When I read those posts or comments and people claim that they will NEVER drink again a part of me goes OH NO not that sort of thinking...We only have today.  We will get closer to that infinite NEVER only if we concentrate on winning the daily victory over our addictions/alcoholism/problem drinking.  I had 15 years; and for some I was a model of sobriety but I gave it all away for 7 years of hell culminating in a crater so deep that I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.  Sobriety is truly for those who want it not those who need it.  Welcome back--and thanks so much for sharing your relapse story.
Sounds like quite a rough patch. It also sounds like you've turned a corner and that's good. You relapsed and that's hard but you're getting a positive out of it. You're seeking help and that's the right path. I'd say you're well on the road to recovery. You just spun out a bit. Stay strong brother.
It sucks that you had to relapse to figure out that alcohol is that cure all brain turner off'er that I think a lot of us build it up to be. I think you should be proud of yourself that you are back to not drinking though. It was definitely a bump in the road and you are back to your day 2 but you have  all the knowlegle and wisdom that came from your year+ of sobriety behind you. There is nothing you can do to change the past so that drinking is behind you and all you can do is go forward and live in the molment. Thank you for sharing your experience please don't be too hard on yourself.
 Do not judge me by my successes judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.    Nelson Mandela..Keep getting back up Dave!
