-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1shvoi/my_friend_needs_help_and_i_need_advice/

She has struggled with alcohol for the 20 years I have known her. But now it's killing her. Her husband is desperate her kids are growing up witnessing her demise and she is angry and hurt and lashing out at everyone. I've brought up the subject briefly with her husband once or twice but Friday night I went over to her house and shit was BAD. She was as drunk as I've ever seen her and revealed later in the evening that it was the anniversary of her father's death. She has been very depressed ever since he died and it has been an awful year. After some ugly arguing and much bitter incoherence on her part she told us both we were assholes accused us of trying to get rid of her so we could fuck and finally went to bed. I had a long conversation with her husband. We both pretty much laid it out. He drinks too but not like her. He feels helpless and feels like he has to buy her alcohol. He told me he feels like his house is in the twilight zone. He admitted she gets that way nearly every night - I told him I already knew that and he was surprised. He asked me to talk to her because he has been telling her for years that she drinks too much and he thinks she won't listen to him..I won't lay this on him. Yes he buys her the alcohol every day but this is not his fault. He would stop if she asked him to. He quit drinking for two months one time in an effort to get her to stop - to no avail..I am planning on talking to her this week but I'd love some advice. I was hoping to ask her to have breakfast with me. There have been so very many evening conversations I've had with her that she doesn't remember at all. I want to be sure she's listening when I tell her - and that she'll remember..Here are some of the things I want to tell her:.-This is a disease and it's killing you..-The people who want you to stop are all people who love you..-If you think people at work don't know you drink you are deluding yourself..-Your children already have some idea of what's going on and it is going to FUCK THEM UP the longer this goes on..-If you need detox or rehab or both I will help you: I will watch your kids do your laundry whatever you need..-If you stop so many of your other "problems" will get better: money problems marriage problems anxiety depression health work.-This is not fun any more for anyone. The party is over...Is there *anything* that your friends spouse or family might said have helped you to stop? I know that ultimately the desire to stop has to come from her or it will never work. I am also considering getting her sister and mom involved in the conversation although they live far away.
----------immediate responses--------

You should take this up with /r/AlAnon. This is a place for people fighting their own demons trying to overcome alcoholism. But one thing I've learned is that nobody can tell you you have to figure it out on your own. Tell your friend's husband to join here when he's ready to quit. Once your friend decides on her own tell her to join as well.
&gt; Yes he buys her the alcohol every day but this is not his fault. He would stop if she asked him to. ..She isn't going to ask him to stop.  She will continue drinking as long as she can get away with it. An active addict will manipulate everyone around them to create a world where they can continue to use.  He is enabling her and if he wants her to quit he needs to stop doing that.  He is part of the problem right now...Like /u/subcypher said you are likely to get much better answers in another forum.  [Check out the "For concerned family members" of the FAQ.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/)..Good luck.
There is nothing you can say or he can say..You need to find those kids a babysitter and you and this lady's husband need to go to your nearest and soonest AlAnon meeting..
