-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sj4zp/5_days_and_alan_carr/

So I just finished reading "Alan Carr:Easy Way to Control Drinking" and it has 100% honestly changed my mindset when I think about alcohol! I know this is starting to sound like some kind of cheezy commercial and honestly when I heard people talk about on here I was always like... "Ohhh... Easy huh? HA! That sounds like a huge waste of time to read!" but honestly gave it a shot and disliked the book for the first few chapters and didn't even wanna finish reading it but did. And can't explain the overwhelming relief I felt afterward. I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone struggling today or any time during your sobriety. It's a fresh outlook on the way we see alcohol. ..ALSO 5 days! :) I feel amazing. I feel like myself. I feel in control. I feel healthy. I'm present and in the moment and facing everything in my life the way I was meant to clear headed and aware. And I love every second of this new life. 
----------immediate responses--------

I hope that book has a large second hand circulation because a lot of people here are recommending it. The price seems ridiculously high though. I really don't like the idea of capitalizing on the desperation of sick people. 
I may have to pick this up. Everyone is talking about it...
I had a very similar experience reading that book.  At first I thought it was ridiculous.  A lot of the stuff he was saying was obvious and the repetition was getting to me.  "Sure... he's going to magically cure me of alcoholism."  But the book was only a hundred pages or so so I gave it a shot.  And guess what: When it was over I no longer wanted to drink.  I wasn't cured per se.  And I still had to get over other issues (feeling like being left out ...) but I didn't *want* to drink anymore...Congrats on 5 days... keep it up!
I read that book. I also read Easy Way to Quit Smoking. While the smoking book had a profound effect on me (almost two years now come New Years) I found the Easy Way to Control Alcohol was just another way for me to put off total abstinence. I much preferred the Easy Way to Stop Drinking. This is not to say that all people are hopeless addicts like me :) Some people just need to learn the methods of discipline required to control themselves. I think along the lines of the Pitcher Plant analogy. It's a slippery slope. For some more than others... Good luck and all the love!
