-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1smbye/i_cant_believe_i_actually_did_it_1_year_without_a/

I did it.  I really did it.  ONE YEAR SOBER...365 days ago my life was a wreck.  Literally.  I had just crashed my car charged with my second DUI in 4 years stuck in a terrible relationship poor was unemployed for over a year and just a sad depressed human being. ..The car wreck was the wake up call that I needed and I knew I couldn't continue on my downward spiral.  I started hitting AA meetings every day and started making changes.  No more booze and no more feeling sorry for myself.  ..Fast forward to today life still has its struggles but things are so much better without alcohol.  I got a new job and got myself out of debt I ended the relationship I was in and I've dated a few other girls sought out counciling to get my mind right and I replaced my obsession to drink with running!   So far I have lost 25 lbs by eliminating those empty calories and exercising.  ..A year ago this subreddit helped me cope with my situation by reading all your shares stories and advice.  I felt so hopeless back then and this subreddit helped me see the light at the end of the tunnel.  For any newcomers here STICK AROUND!  If you are in a similar situation things will get better.   I am still dealing with the legal ramifications of my foolishness but I am a happier man today knowing that I never have to take a drink again.  ..Thank you everybody!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Congrats! Your story is inspiring.
Go you! One year is a huge milestone!
Very Cool.
Congratulations :) 
No thank you. ..Tips hat
What a testimonial! Thank you for this.
You're awesome! What you've accomplished is amazing!
Strong Work: a real inspiration to the rest of us.
I think it's really cool that you stuck with it long enough to see yourself become a success story. So awesome. Thanks for sharing and congratulations on your year!
Congrats! way to go man! we are all proud of you.
Awesome job! On the sobriety of course but also on the weight and running part That is a fantastic achievement.
Congrats!!!! So great to hear stuff like this
Amazing! Congrats!.
You are another success story on the wall! Very inspiring. Congratulations on your smiliestar!
AWESOME!!!!!..Thanks for the really inspiring post! :)
Well done!
Congrats Man! That is awesome. This Subreddit has helped me change my life also. If you are new stick around! :)
Congrats on one year!!! 
Thanks for sharing and congratulations.  What an awesome milestone to have achieved.  
hey! We have a **VERY** similar story!! Glad to hear you are okay and that you've made this year. Isn't life beautiful? ..WINNING!
Thank you for sharing this it gives everyone just starting out something to look forward to. 
Awesome!  Congratulations
Congrats!!! 
Congrats man!
:D
Congrats man heres a quote from the greatest coach of all time Vince Lombardi that I live my life in sobriety by: "We will be relentless in our pursuit for perfection. We won't ever be perfect - but in the process we will achieve greatness." I hope this helps you as much as it has helped drive me. 
Wow. Thanks for posting. :)
Awesome!!!  
Thanks a lot!  This is very inspiring.  I haven't posted here in a while but I'm glad I came across your post here.  This SR is the best way to keep it going!.Congrats on your one year!!
Congratulations on your year anniversary. Good stuff!
Congratulations! And thank you for sharing and inspiring me! I wrecked my car and got a dui this summer. I have every intention to make that my turning point in life  and hope that in a year I can post and say I've been as successful as you have been! Keep it up! :)
Well done
I'm so proud of you!!!!!!
Congratulations on your first birthday!  Many happy returns!..What I found best about quitting (aside from not crying in pain from the gin hangover every morning and the violent dry heaves brought on by anxiety) was that I was no longer afraid of my responsibilities.  ..As they often say in AA "I put down the toys and picked up the tools."
