-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sn6eb/youll_always_get_an_answer_but_you_may_not_always/

I had quite an interesting night yesterday and I thought that it was a story worth sharing.....I've been spending a lot of time with a girl from my recovery group recently.  Normally we just grab something to eat or watch football... friendly stuff.  I'd be lying if I said I wasn't interested in her though.  For the past two nights I've asked my HP to show me in a way that I can recognize what to do about the situation.  I wanted to know if I should keep the relationship as a friendship or move on to something romantic.  Boy did I ever get an answer.......I got a text from her around 10:00 pm last night saying she needed help.  She wasn't at our meeting so I began to get really worried.  I called her and sure enough she was drunk as hell (sixty days of sobriety down the drain).  I proceeded to go pick her up because I didn't want her to drive and wanted her out of that situation asap. I was pretty proud of the fact that I could walk into a bar get her out of there and have no urge whatsoever to join her in relapse. At this point I know that my question has already been answered but that answer continued to slap me across the face for the next two hours or so...This girl was blackout drunk.  I get her to my car and try to talk to her about what made her relapse and she's not making any sense at all.  She professes her love for my sponsor then immediately tries to make out with me.  I was insistent on bringing her home but she was fighting me the whole way.  Eventually she gives in and gives me her address but she believes that I'm bringing her home so that I can sleep with her.  She started insisting that I sleep with her.  I had to say no.  There was no way that I could take advantage of her state... it would just have gone against everything that I've been trying to achieve in my sobriety.  After talking to her today I'm very happy with the choice I made because she remembers nothing.  I know that if this would have happened while I was drinking that I definitely would have given in and it would have led to some really horrible consequences.  I'm so happy for the clarity that I had in this situation.
----------immediate responses--------

Good job handling the situation like a mature responsible adult.  Kudos to you.
Great Job man You had the moral strength to do what most men wouldn't!.Hope one day she tries to sleep with you while sober! Best of luck and stay strong! 
I'm sorry you had to see someone you care about relapse but I'm glad you were able to be of service for sure. Three cheers for good decision making!..As an aside on the dating thing my sponsor always had the "don't date in the rooms until they're sponsoring someone"- that is until they were showing behavior attractive enough that another guy wants to look like them. And also I was suggested to not date until I was also sponsoring. More than the year rule this made it about being spiritually fit &amp; healthy. It's hard to be in a bad relationship and sponsor people. The first time I decided to date in the rooms we also asked both out sponsors about it and his sponsor asked me a few questions too. We dated 9 months &amp; it was a disaster but we both stayed sober and friendly after a 5 month break.  
Wow. You handled that really well! Good job brother. Well done.
Worst part of the whole experience:....On the way to her place I stopped so she could get a cup of coffee.  Not five minutes later she spills the entire cup all over herself and my car.  I pull over in case she's getting burned or needs help whatever.  She proceeds to get out of the car and take her pants off since there's coffee all over them.  Immediately after getting back in the car a cop pulls up behind us.  I explain to the officer what happened and he lets us go while averting his eyes from the pantsless wonder in the passenger seat.   She rode the rest of the way to her place sans pants.
Wisdom; another promise coming true.  
You're a better man than me.  
After I had a bad experience I was told to always to take a companion with me if I went to help someone who was drunk and had asked for help. And that companion should be of the same sex as the person asking for help. This practice was developed so as to help avoid the situation you got into even though it came out of the best intentions. 
[deleted]
Good job man.  Helluva test right there...
WOW. I'm very impressed by every single decision you made here.
