-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1suxcq/i_sense_an_impending_relapse/

I can feel my addiction playing games with my head trying to coerce me into drinking.  Luckily I got off work at 1:30 AM this morning and it was too late to buy alcohol where I live.  Otherwise I'm honestly not sure what would've happened. ..While I was at work I just kept picturing that tumbler full on Jack Daniels on ice.  I could smell that old familiar smell.  I imagined what it would feel like going down my throat; that familiar warmness.  It was all very romantic in my mind...I need some guidance.  I need some advice.  I know I can't be the only one who has experienced this sort of thing.
----------immediate responses--------

You are still in early recovery and it is the most challenging time. Within yourself you know that you have the strength to keep sober. Concentrate on that and dismiss the dangerous thoughts. The more you exercise positive reinforcement the stronger it gets. Posting here is a good choice. Maybe you can organize some additional face to face support. 
Alone you are in a very dangerous place.           .We have built in forgetters and super human powers of rationalization.          ..Learn to identify the voice of your inner addict it will be cunning patient and oh so convincing.   Do not listen make fun of it if you can...For myself I could not do it alone I needed aa ( though I resisted at first). There are alternatives   Results may vary.
If you really want to quit you will find the guidance and resolve to quit in meetings. Smart AA Lifering take your pick.  Good Luck.
I know it has been suggested to you here in this thread and many times before about how letting go of our egos and asking for face to face support it so critical. I haven't seen you outright saying no you won't do it but saying you've tried it and it didn't work. Well I tried it before and it didn't work months before I tried it again. Hell I went to AA meetings for a couple months while I was still drinking. Then something finally just clicked and BOOM it was like a switch was turned off in my brain...that craving for alcohol. They key to that switching was letting go. I still don't know what I mean when I say letting go but I did so with all of my ME.  I let go of me and thinking that I could do it alone I do know that. ..I would also suggest that you focus on any positive changes that you've seen happen in the last two weeks. Feeling physically better? Mentally sharper? That and remember why exactly you quit. Look back at your original post here for clarity. Stop romanticizing a substance that will only kill you in the end. ..INY's quote of the day provides guidance:..When I let go of what I am I become what I might be.  Lao Tzu
"impending relapse" sounds like you've already made up your mind... there is not gang of liquor bottles hiding in the driveway waiting to pounce on you sir...I totally get the urges and the.... feelings I guess is the word.  Drinking for me at least "leveled" me... I would hit the sweet spot of not feeling all the shit that swirls in my head however I kept drinking as I'm sure many have (and will)...You have the ability to also sense an impending sobriety.  An impending "I said FUCK OFF to the drink tonight today this hour".  ..I lurk in the alcohol related sites as I am a drunk.  I don't usually post my sobriety check points because I remember what it's like being in AA crying hands numb from the overly tightened handcuffs job gone living in my car etc.... but I've been off the sauce for a bit and I still clock every liquor store every bottle in a photo every time someone pounds a scotch (scotchy scotch scotch) on film... ...Congrats on the sobriety.  I wish it was easy.  I wish I could say it gets easier.  It doesn't.  BUT you can be the author of your own story here and you can write yourself as the hero or the victim... that choice you have until the JD is on the rocks.... then... tomorrow you have that choice again...Peace fellow drunkard... .You closed the door to that shit.  Don't  have to jiggle the fucking handle.
[deleted]
For me that voice in my head is the real problem that I'm working to get rid of.  If I kept picturing a tumbler full of orange juice all day and I could barely stop myself from going to get one I would consider that to be just as nasty a problem as I have now.  And for some reason realizing that makes it a little bit easier when the rationalizations show up -- I can step back and say *this right now is what sucks this is what I want to get rid of and it's not going to happen if I keep listening*..
Please don't give up. Think about how GOOD it feels to be sober the lack of guilt. Get yourself to a meeting you can just observe you don't have to participate.
Both times I've done that I relapsed. Be careful...beyond this place there be dragons.
