-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1sybm8/when_is_it_the_hardest_to_stay_sober/

I have a friend who got hired on to work for a railroad company. He said they told him that most accidents occur with people who have worked there for under a year or for people who have worked there for 15+ years. Of course the unexperienced workers are at risk but he said the veterans get complacent and have done the job so long they forget to take notice and care when working. I was thinking the same situation might apply to alcoholics relapsing. It's hard to start recovery but after you have been sober for years you may not devote the energy required to stay sober. Would you agree?
----------immediate responses--------

I think that is a very very accurate description. In my meeting the other day a woman was talking about having 26 years of sobriety under her belt and then relapsing and drinking for 6 more years until this current go-around of sobriety. 
I have a few years and I'm pretty comfortable but not complacent. I've made a habit of attending AA meetings I have coffee with my sponsor weekly and have built a social circle that includes sober friends. And of course I'm here.
Clich  as it may be today is the hardest day to stay sober. My point being anyone can drink any day. The amount of time a person has doesn't eliminate the possibility of complacency. However accruing a lot of time does have the benefit of giving a person an experience and makes it easier to notice and then stave off that complacency. 
That's an interesting viewpoint.  I don't have any answers for you but one thing for sure is that I won't drink today!
People with more than 15 years sober generally stay sober. The % of people who relapse with 15 years sober is probably the lowest of any groups except for perhaps people with 16 years sober. The correlation you're looking for isn't there. 
I relapsed after over a decade sober.  I know a guy with 53 years of sobriety who relapsed at the age of 76.  I also know a guy who is 48 with 27 years of sobriety who has never relapsed.  I don't think that sobriety time measures anything except for time sober.  Alcoholism respects nothing not even time sober.
Any day can be rough. I am a day short of two weeks. Since my third day of sobriety I haven't felt really badly tempted. For a variety of personal reasons today has been a terrible struggle the worst I've felt since day 3. SD has been a real help to remind me of what I'm doing and why. I agree that with experience and time you may get lax but whether you've been sober for a day or 30 years it's always a choice and the zero is only one drink away. 
It is hardest to stay sober when we forget what happens when we drink. 
I think taking sobriety for granted or the great things that can come with it is dangerous.  I think that can happen at any time.  A quality life takes effort not complacency.  I think SOmuch2learn said it well "It is hardest to stay sober when we forget what happens when we drink."  I very clearly remember the sharp edges and hopelessness of my drunken days.  Seriously pissing the bed every night and vomiting everyday are lovely welcome memories as far as encouraging me to continue to string together sober days. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
