-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t0f7m/first_thoughts_about_drinking_that_feel_dangerous/

I haven't figured out yet what triggered them but I was having some thoughts last night that seem disturbing this morning.  .  .Some of them were related to meeting new people: thinking I could drink to be "normal" around them. Of course that is ridiculous and I don't want to go through the whole "discovering I'm an alcoholic through the eyes of another" one more time. If that makes sense.  .  .The other thought was if someday I am successful and much older and alone then I would be able to start drinking again. I don't know what to say about this one other than it's really depressing. It seems like I assume that I am going to be alone my whole life.  .  .Do these ways of thinking sound familiar? I am anxious this morning even though I know these are just thoughts and I was aware at the time that I was misleading myself. Is this relapse thinking? I am afraid of relapsing I really do not want to go back down that route.  .  .Edit: typos
----------immediate responses--------

As far as drinking when you're much older and alone that's so far in the future there's no need to worry about that now. You don't know what the future will hold. Chances are you won't be completely alone. Chances are you'll feel like a completely different person than you do now...It's great that you're acknowledging these thoughts and bringing them to the surface to shed light on them. See that they're just thoughts and you don't have to act on them. They lose their power that way...Congrats on 101 days! That's quite an accomplishment.
Sure do...Alcoholism or the alcohol disorder that led to me getting sober was a thinking disorder almost more than the actual drinking activity at least at the end.  It's an obsessive disorder characterized by frequent dangerous uncontrolled drinking when I did drink.  So here we are after a period of not drinking--what are we doing--&gt; thinking about it fantasizing about it.  The disorder does get better when we RECOVER from our thinking in addition to stopping drinking.  How do we recover from our THINKING?  For me AA meetings and working the 12 Steps is my cognitive therapy and it works.
This is normal thinking for an alcoholic. It's insane thinking and that's what sets alcoholics like me apart from just heavy or problem drinkers. They don't suffer the mental obsession that alcoholics do. They just make up their mind to quit and never start again...The whole "can't stop once I start" craving is just the tip of the iceberg. If that was my only problem then the solution would be just to never have another drink and I'd be fine but... The worse bit about being an alcoholic is when I stop drinking and after a period of time I slowly start to believe that this time it'll be different this time I'll be able to have just one drink to take the edge off and then stop. This is the trap that all sufferers from untreated alcoholism will eventually fall into and therefore drink. I tried using my will power over a period of 23 years and it was never enough neither was a complete understanding of the biological and physiological processes that surround alcohol addiction. Knowledge was not enough...Good luck - I've only ever found one thing to help me overcome this insane thinking - the mental obsession  - and I've only ever found it in Alcoholics Anonymous. My will power alone was never enough and I've never found sufficient power from anywhere else besides AA. 
That "if this" and "when that" thinking that I can drink again someday yeah I do that.  I don't spend too much time dwelling on it nor do I make myself feel bad about it.  I really think in a way it's just me telling myself that this is all a choice which takes a lot of pressure off of the decision to just not drink today.  I think it's ok and makes me less freaked out about it all.  If you pinned me down and made me think it through I'd say that no I don't plan on ever going back to drinking... But please don't do that.  I don't want to think too far ahead.  Who knows how long I'll even be around?  Not me.
Thoughts like this are normal. It's as though the alcoholic "imp" is sitting on your shoulder whispering in your ear. Tell him "Knock it off!"..What always helps me is remembering what happens when I drink. 
I used to think "If I had a terminal illness with a prognosis that left me just a little time to live....."  But you know I don't want to die a drunk.
A really annoying slurry drunk-driving Shapeshifter! Thing is I learned one more thing that is a deterrent to relapse- if we drink in no time will we be back to the level we were when we quit. Sure we might have a night or two of happy clinking 2 glasses of wine but it will quickly degenerate into a mess. I think it's great that you were feeling this way and came here- I wish I had before I relapsed. 
It is alcoholic thinking. I don't think I'll ever be completely free of it. It is very helpful for me to pull these thoughts out of the shadows of my mind and bring them to the forefront. I thoroughly examine them and ridicule them. Making fun of these thoughts helps me to deflate them. I think you are doing the right thing. Take a deep breath know you are not going to drink today and let those alcoholic thoughts know who is boss..
