-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t16ne/tried_to_moderate_and_lost_a_person_i_love/

Hi Everyone..I'm new to this subreddit. I'm only on day 2 of sobriety. ..I've been in and out of sobriety for about 5 years now. I've been to detox IOP hundreds of AA meetings therapists etc...This past April after just 60 days of sobriety  I started drinking again. My justification was this: every time I have hit bottom with my addiction before it was in the presence of other substances namely benzos. So I figured maybe if I stuck to just alcohol I would be ok. It turns out that I was better than when I mix alcohol with drugs but I still got bad enough to lose another loved one. ..At first I wasn't that bad. The first several times I went drinking I was in control of the amount I was drinking. Sure I didn't always want to stop at 2 or 3 drinks but I did...At this point in time I met my now girlriend (who's probably now another ex-girlfriend due to substance abuse). We had both just gone through breakups of long term relationships. I wasn't upfront right away but shortly into our relationship I told her the reason for my breakup several months earlier: I told her that I had fallen out of love with my girlfriend so I drove her  away quite consciously by relapsing after several years and using substances and drinking. My new girlfriend was somewhat horrified and asked me if I was an addict and I admitted it. I downplayed the role that alcohol had however so that she wouldn't think I was an alcoholic -- I convinced her it was the drugs that were really bad and that I could control drinking. We had already gone out several times at this point and I had drank in front of her...Fast forward a few months to her first indication that I was not a normal drinker. It was her birthday and she I and a few of her friends went out drinking and eating. The night started early and I ended up sneaking hard liquor drinks when she was not looking. I blacked out and one of the first things I remember is being in bed with her crying. Apparently I grabbed at and told a family member of hers that I wanted to have sex with her -- right in front of my girlfriend. ..This is the first time she dumped me. After profusely apologizing for over a week she stopped ignoring me and allowed me to apologize face to face. I didn't tell her that I snuck extra drinks but I told her that I blacked out and had no recollection of these events...My drinking started to accelerate and I would get drunk on nights that I knew I would be by myself and be able to get away with it. Not every night -- but enough that I began to get worried. I downloaded an alcohol tracking app to keep tabs on my drinking and sort of used it as a justification to drink alone. I think tracking did reduce my consumption versus not tracking at all but I was still sliding down that dark path that I've gone down so many times before...I was able to do this and not get caught by anyone until last night. My girlfriend and I have just moved into a new apartment and she took a weekend to go skiing with her friends in Vermont. I pretty much planned right away that I would get drunk while she was gone. Free pass right??? ..I had a bottle of vodka that I had from earlier that week in my car and a backup bottle that we had bought together for a party we went to that was in the freezer. She still wasn't clued into the fact that I was drinking alone at this point. She knew I did it in the past but she never asked me if I was currently doing it. On a related note she told me how she felt about people getting drunk alone and that it is not ok with her...Anyway she goes to Vermont I drink about 9-10 drinks on Friday night and spend Saturday in bed throwing up and with one of the worst headaches I've had in years. I lied to her and said I visited my parents on Saturday...Another thing I've done is completely lie to my parents who have been dealing with this shit from my brother and I for decades now. They think or at least I think they think that I've been sober since February. My mom has specifically asked me if I've drank and of course I lied straight to her face...I've also been having to derail certain conversations because of this between my girlfriend and my parents. She never knew I was a  real alcoholic  like my parents do and every time alcohol came up between my girlfriend and my parents I quickly shifted the conversation to something more innocuous or I suddenly had to use the bathroom immediately...So back to my story. My girlfriend it turns out suspects that I had been drinking while she was in Vermont. There was nothing to give this away other than her sneaking suspicions. I had polished off the bottle of vodka and began to tap the bottle that she knew about in the freezer. I added water to the vodka so that it appeared like i didn't drink any...Fast forward one week. She hasn't told me about her suspicions. We go to her friends wedding where we both drink about 5 or 6 drinks over the course of 4-5 hours. I'm not particularly drunk because I ate a ton of food and drank lots of water between dancing. So I drive the two of us home and she falls asleep as soon as we get back. I get a craving for more booze so I close the bedroom door and grab the bottle of now-diluted but still liquid vodka in the freezer and take two big gulps in a row...I add more water to make it look like it's still unscathed...The next my girlfriend opens the freezer and lo and behold the vodka is frozen solid...She immediately asks me why this might be and I plead ignorance although I panic on the inside. She's very smart so I start thinking about explanations: what's the freezing point of vodka? could our freezer just run very cold? maybe because it's a flavored vodka?..She doesn't push the issue so I think I'm in the clear. But later that night she asks me bluntly  Have you been drinking the vodka in the freezer.  The jig is up I realize and I fess up that I drank some when she was in Vermont which is not entirely untrue. She continues her line of questions:  How much did you drink? Why do you drink alone?  I tell her that I don't know why other than I like how it makes me feel.  Didn't you think about me when you were doing it?  I told her I didn't which is true. I thought about myself and myself only. ..Eventually her questions and my candidness uncovers to her that I've been hiding drinking alone whenever I can get away with it at least several times in the last few months...She declared me accurately probably an alcoholic and drove off as I begged her to give me another chance and to stay. She is staying with her parents now...At 4am she told me that we are going to my parents tonight. She wants me to tell them the truth and she is going to be there when I do it. I don't know if she's going to consider taking me back and it's all I can think about. I know I should be thinking about staying sober first but frankly alcohol isn't even crossing my mind right now. I'm not physically addicted and not terribly dependent this time around but I know where it's headed if I don't quit again...I'll hopefully check in later in case anyone is interested in my story. I'm going to see if there are any meetings I can go to tonight. Although I'm not the biggest fan of AA it has helped me get sober twice now so I know it helps me...Thanks for listening.-Miserable in Philadelphia
----------immediate responses--------

Well you are on day two...you've been here before so why not make it the last day two you'll ever have?..It took me a few tries a few failed relationships directly related to my use and a shitty thing that should have scared me straight.  Finally what worked was I was sick of the lying the sneaking and generally being a shitty person I knew I was not when sober.  Now on my third try and this time it is sticking because of the person I love my parents to be the person I want to be and have the things I deserve out of life.  ..You seem to be there with the sick of it and want to have a good relationship that you deserve.  I hope she sticks with you but you need to prove it first to yourself and second to those you love that you are all in...no turning back.
You've got it bad. No matter what happens with this romance you need to stop drinking. Alcoholism is a progressive disease. As bad as it is now it will in fact get worse. People die of this disease every day. Don't let it happen to you. You can put yourself into remission through total abstinence. To date this is the only known way to live well as an alcoholic. Welcome to recovery.
Turns out this is an all-too-common story. Welcome to my world friend...I too pushed away the love of my life by drinking. It is too late for me I had my chances and I blew them. Perhaps it isn't too late for you...But let's say that I am you 55 days from now. I am lonely - but I am sober. And it really isn't so bad. Today I am feeling rather fantastic physically and mentally...If you put down the bottle for good either you'll get her back or you won't. Regardless of what happens you will feel 1000x better than if you don't stop drinking...PM me if you need a friend in a similar situation. I don't have a ton of advice but I listen well.
Good luck brother.  Getting sober is like taking out a fence post you gotta rock it back and forth for a while until it finally comes out.  Or something like that I'm not really great at analogies.  Raise of hands for those who have been busted on that  sneak pulls&gt;add water&gt;"oh shit the vodka is frozen" routine.  Twice for me.  (to Mrs. jflorida when she notices the bottle): "wow that's weird didn't think that was supposed to happen must have been air getting inside or something" (walk away having a panic attack on the inside knowing I've been busted). Know the feeling.
In the beginning I too was not the biggest fan of AA.  I still wanted to do it MY way.  ..My mantra "don't tell me what to do" kicked in big time.         .I made a bid deal of the "religious aspects"     ..I kept trying to find loopholes.      ..familiar?   ..Still not the BIGGEST fan but sincerely will say it saved my life and those of a bunch of other hopeless drunks I have come to know and love and - in my case the reality was I had trouble seeing clearly because my head was kinda stuck up my butt...Welcome stick around it can and will get better if you let it..
Welcome back to sobriety.  You sound like you have hard-earned insights that will help you put it all together good luck.
THE WRITING IS ON THE WALL
So when are you going to quit the half measures? Are you ready? I'm sorry for laughing but when you said you would add water to your drink that is text book alcoholism. I did it. I'm sure more have done it. It's not normal. I think you know you aren't a normal drinker. Start doing something about it. AA can help. If you don't want to try AA that's fine come to the chat room on this board. But like i said earlier enough of the half measures. You gotta really want this. Also planning your drinking and tracking your drinking? I use to plan my drinking and thought i was so responsible. lol@that. I never kept track of how much i drank because i didn't want to know. Pretty shameful looking back. As for your girlfriend when you get sober and stay sober you become a different person. A stronger person. Women are attracted to a man who cares about himself and is mentally and physically strong. So whether that's with this girl or another one just worry about getting sober yourself. Take care of you and do it for YOU. But hey I can't will you sober. Hopefully you're done. Good luck man.
[deleted]
