-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t529t/alcohol_ruined_my_relationship/

I'll try to do the:..TLDR here: Lived in a house with drinkers. I was the only one who binge drank too far. I got the most attention and gossip. I had the most hangovers and couldn't handle the day after. Girlfriend kicked me out because my drinking made her fall out of love and was told I am worthless and if I don't get help GTFO. ..I feel like she never tried to quit drinking with me but that's another story...I was seeing my ex for 5 years and lived with her for 4. I fell in love with her kids and we had our first dog I wish I could see everyday. (It's motivation to cleanup and get a place so I can see him!) As a past time on weekends we drank she drank a bottle or more of wine and I drank an 18 pack of Mic Ultra. It was obviously an issue but fun at first but then over time I started getting over emotional irate and a complete turn off. ..She dumped me and most likely fell out of love with me months before she decided to as; she is taking this breakup like a champ; found another interest (who reminds her of how it felt when we first met apparently) and I'm reading books and struggling to fight the urge to contact her. (I've learned if a breakup is over the relationships is dead.) ..I went to one AA meeting and I want to go to more. I realized I have a crazy craving as I come home now as I am a few drinks in already. Everyone in that house drank and still does but I want to stop. Apparently I'm the only one who has a problem because I had emotions when I was wasted along with them. I have no idea what this point is other to say I miss my ex I'm hurt I want to better myself for ME and I'd like someone I can relate to. (I can't relate to anyone. It sucks.)..Hi. I'm InforMedic I'm pretty sure I'm an alcoholic and I'm looking for some new friends. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello!..First step taking responsibility for your own actions and your own drinking habits. No one forces you to drink other people's drink issues are NOT your own and no one else determines your sobriety...
Sorry you're going through a rough time. Look at it as an opportunity to learn about yourself and make the changes you probably already know are necessary. Focus on yourself. There's no use is contacting someone who has told you the relationship is over especially if you are still drinking. The only thing you can do now is stay the same or change. Get help. Find a counselor. Go to AA. Get treatment. Drunk guys are not sexy. 
Hey I can relate. In February of this year I lost my girlfriend of nearly 8 years. Two days ago I lost my new girlfriend of 6 months. Both girls left because I drank too much and did drugs. I'm trying not to focus on what might happen with those relationships because right now just focusing on staying sober is hard enough. You're not alone. 
I went through a very similar situation. When my ex broke up with me I was upset and he was too- we took a week apart and when we met up he was completely over it. He explained he had been getting over it slowly for months. And it makes perfect sense- I was too busy getting messed up to be a good girlfriend be there for him in any way etc. Alcohol was my boyfriend and I put it first..Don't contact her. I kept contacting my ex while drunk usually and it was horrible and in retrospect completely pathetic and humiliating. Keep going to meetings and try to keep yourself busy and your mind off of your ex. Take it one day at a time one hour at a time if you have to and don't drink. Good luck I really feel for you as I've been there and it sucks but time helps. 
I also lost the first girl I lived with because of my alcoholism. Before that it was a girl I dated for 6 years but with whom I never lived with. The pattern was exactly as you describe - my alcoholism slowly made them fall out of love with me...As /u/AFunnyName notes the type of relationship you were in is unlikely to be fixable. Even if you do win her back it is very likely you will return to your drinking and it will end even worse. I know that is not what you want to hear but it is the likely outcome. I went through a horrible breakup in February and thought I'd never get over her or move on ... but I've met a great girl who I'm planning to marry soon. She is from a culture that is **BIG** on drinking for fun (tropical) yet when I confided in her about my alcoholism she was completely accepting of it...Use this negative time in your life to improve yourself - start working out eat healthier join meetup.com and pick up a few hobbies and put the alcohol down. You can do it buddy.
[deleted]
I'm sorry. It will do that it is often very destructive in relationships.
[deleted]
I know that feeling to well bud. I am going through it right now. ..I was never a big drinker but well I was dating my recent ex I went through a lot of personal and financial issues. It built up from the years prior and exploded in about 5 months of heavy drinking alone for 3-4 days a week. ..When I finally did quit we agreed it's ok to socially drink but no more hiding. That worked for a bit but 8 months later I slipped and got drunk. She took me back and had another great 8 months and did it again. ..It wasn't till this last time that I finally decided to admit I had a major binge drinking problem. I thought after time passed I could drink in moderation and deluded myself that she was starting to trust me with it but that wasn't the case. Any amount of alcohol didn't feel like enough and I would just keep going. Every time I drank it brought her back to those painful months of lying and hiding. ..I'm in a weird limbo now as I'm finally coming to terms with my drinking problem and sharing with family and friends. It was hard to be so weak and vulnerable but it is starting to pay off as I am clear headed and things are starting to look up. ..It's hard to say goodbye to the ones we let down. I am still trying to figure out what to do in my situation but I am taking it day by day. I have my good days and I have my bad but each one is bringing me closer to understanding my own issues and helping me move forward. Hopefully this hardship will do the same for you. Good luck. 
Hi there!
Just wanted to add my greeting and best wishes for the next couple of days.  Good luck!
