-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t5e2x/lifes_coming_at_me_hard/

Hey fellow sobernauts life's giving a hard right hook right now. Nothing I haven't done to myself but it's still feeling pretty heavy. I've had legal problems because of my drinking and some of it is standing to shit on my face. I got in trouble earlier this year for mouthing off to a cop which got me a charge for obstructing. I quit drinking took an agreement in court that basically said if I stayed out of trouble everything would go away and if I got in trouble within a year they would determine my guilt by reading the police report. All was going fine and dandy until I relapsed a few months later and got arrested for dui. ..So that happened awhile back been sober since then in treatment going to meetings and my life has improved ten fold new great job great outlook etc. Except for the elephant in the room of that other charge hanging over my head. I know I'll get summoned eventually and am freaking out because I don't want to go to jail or lose my job or anything like that. It's a real shitty feeling. I'm not going to drink over it that's only made things a thousand times worse before. ..I don't know why I'm posting here about it maybe just to vent because talking to you folks has helped before. I'm not expecting advice or anything since you don't really know me or the situation but anything you have to say I'm sure will ring with me one way or another. Thanks for taking the time to read this and thanks for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

Wreckage of the past can be really tough once you sober up. I used it as an excuse to drink for several more years after some short stints of treatment/sobriety. Sometimes the hardest part of feeling like shit is feeling it for a change. Helps me to call someone who has been through it and talk or go to a meeting...One of my favorite quotes non AA related is "there are no rewards or punishments only consequences." 
Trouble with the law sucks. Yeah I totally deserve the trouble/penalties but does not make it suck any less...I plead guilty this morning to DWI 0.13. It was an out-of-state DWI. Where I grew up DWI is mandatory jail probation community service etc. The state I got my DWI gave me a fine and that's it. I keep my car license and my insurance agent told me my rates are not even going up...I did not get a lawyer. What I did was get proactive early on. Made phone calls hand wrote letters to the court and prosecutor. I am purely speculating but I feel that I was one of the better "customers" (defendants). ..Like right now you are waiting to be summoned. Would it make any difference to hand write a letter to the court clerk briefly explaining your situation? I was working with a small rural court so my case # quickly became ME they knew my name when I called in...I am currently counting down a year that is also part of my DWI. If I get in trouble I end up having to serve a jail sentence.
I feel your pain.  I'm moving into a house three days before Christmas and I thought I had all the money sorted but of course I'd forgotten what a piece of shit I was before and had left a $500 balance on my electric company where I'm moving back to.  Bye bye new Christmas computer for the 14 year old.  Thank GOD he's such a good kid and understands.  And thank GOD I already bought some presents for the two younger boys.  With any luck I will find a fridge a tree and have some money left over for food and gas to get me through until payday...I just need to remind myself that I'm doing GOOD.  There are ALWAYS people in MUCH worse situations that me.  Just because things don't go EXACTLY the way I want them to doesn't mean I'm not FINE.  I'm most upset that I'm moving far away from my meeting homegroup to be closer to my kids but I'll just make sure I make more meetings in my new area and meet some new folk.  Trying to stay positive here as well.  Keep your head up and I'll do the same :)
