-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t5xja/daily_checkin_121813/

*This is the daily check-in an opportunity to share your experiences and thoughts on each 24 hour cycle of sobriety. Grab a keyboard and join in!*..Today's question: **What's your best one-liner for turning down a drink?**..If I don't know the person 'I don't drink' raises less eyebrows than one would imagine. ..'I don't drink anymore' works well for people who knew how loose I used to get and generally sees positive comments. Usually something like 'you weren't that bad!' is said at which point I explain that it was how I felt inside every time I drank that necessitated the change. ..I often say 'I'm a retired alcoholic' as well though I think I might be a bit comfortable with using it... I've yet to really see any evidence of people judging me for it but perhaps that phrase is best used with people I'm on friendly terms with or when at concerts etc. rather than say at work. I think it has a good ring to it; much better than 'recovering alcoholic.'..My brain did that stupid depression thing on me today... I've been staving it off for a couple of days but mindfulness is bloody tiring when you're used to being almost entirely negative in self-talk. Gah it was horrible. Every so often I see moods or patterns of thought that show me how easily I have been lead to relapse in the past and today had plenty. No wonder I used to get to 3-4 weeks and cave in *every time* as I seem to go through these cycles quite regularly. My mood must be improving slightly overall as being in that negative headspace actually felt like a departure from my usual waking state at this time. I'm not exactly happy very often but not so terribly caught up in the idea of everything going catastrophically wrong. I used to think like that *every day.* Hopefully in time I will see further improvements obviously this sobriety/no-drug thing is getting results... It's just hard to see in the day-to-day. Now to figure out what's going on with my motivation levels which have hit an uncharacteristic (even for me!) low...Til tomorrow all!
----------immediate responses--------

It does sound like progress. My thinking had to be changed too. I really was unaware that I could mold my life experience through attitude and application. I can though.
I'm an avid cyclist and I've always wanted to train for a century (100 mile) ride.  I started telling friends that I am training for a spring/summer ride.  The irony is now I've got to put my money where my mouth is.
Yesterday was Day 4 of detoxing.  ..For comparison: the last day before I quit the alcohol I went to the gym and tried to run some interval training on the treadmill.  My legs were lead and my *pulse shot up to 178* after the second interval. Gasping for air.  I clicked the timer off went home and had the same experience I had the last time I got in this shape.  Pouring alcohol drinking the alcohol asking the whole time "Why am I poisoning myself? It's not helping any of the feelings I'm doing it for."..So back to Day 4 yesterday.  Set my phone on the same interval training.  Ran first interval very tame but felt like flying.  Set my hands on the pulse checker just after it and it was only 157!  Jacked up the speed more then more and more on the rest of the intervals.  Wasn't even tired at the end.  Hardly winded at all.  Pulse never got higher than 160...I'm physically recovering much faster than the last time I had this high of an alcohol intake.  But this time it was only about a month whereas the last time it was several years.  So far I feel very confident in the decision to live sober one day at a time.
Honestly the simplest one-liner is: "No thanks."  But I have no problems saying "No thanks -- I don't drink anymore; I used to drink way too much."  Usually "No thanks" is enough.  But almost always the second one ends the conversation...I took three Krav Maga classes yesterday.  It was pretty awesome.  Taking these classes has really gotten me into good shape.  I'll probably only take two today but if work is slow this afternoon I may take a third.
I'm with the "No thanks" contingent -- that usually gets me by.  If someone presses I'll go with "I'm on medication" -- which is technically true though the medication I'm on doesn't actually interact with alcohol.  This will shut down 99% of people as medical stuff remains out of bounds to all but the most crass...That last 1% deserves to be screwed with.  If they ask what medication I'm on I go straight to "Viagra" and then I just stare at them.
I get offered drinks all the time. I have a lot of responses. I tend to err on the side of self deprication. I've noticed that making it about *my* issue makes people more comfortable than my railing against our society's unhealthy drinking culture...1. Early in sobriety I kept a 24 hour chip on me at all times (now I tend to keep my one month chip on me). I have a tendency to fiddle with my chip so when people offered I'd just say "I don't drink." and bring my chip to their attention...2. "Have you seen me drunk?! I've got to decline in the interest of everyone's safety."..3. "Nah man. Nobody here could keep up with me. I don't want to send anybody up to XYZ Regional tonight."..4. "No I tend to get in trouble. You gonna bail me out when I fuck something up? No?"...When people get really aggressive and try to get me to take "just one drink" I get aggressive right back....1. I'll drink one if you quit drinking for a year deal?..2. *Everyone* needs a break now and then. How long has it been since you went a week without drinking? ..3. Who the fuck drinks just one drink?! What kind of pussy are you?!..4. I just don't have time man. 8 hours drunk and stupid plus another 24 to recover? Thats like a day and a half bro *where do you find that much time to waste?* What's your major now Philosophy? Are you transferring to XYZ Community in the Spring or something? (Not trying to offend anyone here. Students working on STEM degrees at my school are super cocky and scholarship money is hard to come by. Imply that you're working harder than someone and they'll get scared and stfu.) ...5. I said NO! What if I'm pregnant you dick?! (I'm a very out lesbian who hangs around pool halls with guys. This response is always met with laughter and one of the guys claiming to be the father of my nonexistent child.)..Idk I like to keep it light hearted. And *funny*! Drunks have a short attention span get them laughing and the topic of discussion is quickly forgotten. 
Question: Do you want a drink?.Answer: Do you want a head butt 
