-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1t9bo6/60_days_and_counting/

Just wanted to send out a thank you to all of the fellow recovering alcoholics on this sub who help keep me sober by sharing their struggles as well their experience strength and hope...The last time I drank I got into some pretty serious legal trouble so it might still be the fresh memory of a jail cell that's causing it but I literally have not had one urge to drink alcohol since then. The thought of it makes my stomach turn...Because of this I have not attended an AA meeting in a few weeks & have stopped reading the Big Book. Although the urges to drink are not there I can detect some old familiar (negative) feelings beginning to creep back in my soul so I am going to head them off at the pass by attending a meeting tonight and speaking with other alcoholics...Stay strong my fellows. We will beat this wretched condition one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Way to be responsible and go to a meeting tonight! Some people would find "better things to do." It is good to recognize those feelings and find a way to control them...For me (along with alcohol) it is pills. I am very much over alcohol now though sometimes when I'm frustrated my body tells me to drink and I respond to those feelings responsibly. Pills I haven't abused in a long while. The idea of it makes me sick. (One too many overdoses and I finally get the point.) But sometimes I might think about it and it sounds so good...and I need to be proactive and address the feelings. The other day I found a hydrocodone while cleaning. That was a tough day. I did not take it...Stay strong. 
It's a good day. Congratulations on 60!
the only way I can stay sober is by choosing to not use any drugs *today*..I still can't say I won't use forever.
Congratulations on 60 days but honestly I owe my long term sobriety to working an AA program.  I urge you to get back on the bicycle.
I can easily forget why I stopped that is why I still attend regular meetings irl! Good luck
