-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tdit1/seemingly_zero_support_to_quit_drinking/

I am mostly interested in an outside view of my situation. ..Briefly I am 31 and it has been pretty apparent that I am a natural-born alcoholic since the end of high school. What I mean by that is that I have always been unable to stop drinking after I had the first one. My life has been pretty terrible in a lot of ways and I have gotten into constant trouble because of my drinking but I have not approached rock-bottom. For example some run-ins with the law but no charges pressed much less convictions; I am divorced and my ex-wife left me in part because of my drinking but I was not abusive or anything like that; I am in debt but not homeless by any means; I have few friends am single and struggle constantly with loneliness but I have my son half the time and by all accounts I am an excellent father and he is doing very well (and I do not drink at all when I have him)...So as you can see I have enough there to think my life would be better if I didn't drink at all. And it really disrupts my life that when I do drink I go off on a binge and find myself in the morning extremely hungover broke and unsure of who I am. And frankly it has been worse; there are times in my life when I drank much more...You always hear about people being pressured to quit drinking and even having interventions or being nudged into rehab. But this has literally never happened. Friends drift away but essentially no one has ever tried to get me to quit drinking. Even my wife she left she said I was an alcoholic but she never tried to get me to stop; and she even offered me drinks when I said I shouldn't drink both before and after. I am thinking of this after a phone call with my mom who is coming into town for Christmas where I mentioned I was trying to quit drinking. She acknowledged that I act badly when I drink and have a problem but also offered no support for the idea that I should try not to drink at all. In short I have been very public about feeling powerless over alcohol for a long time and have never had a single person support me in that...I know you can't and shouldn't want to rely on others but I just feel like my experience has been weird. ..tl;dr -- Have struggled profoundly with alcohol for over ten years have never been urged to quit or even received support when I myself have acknowledged the need to quit. ..EDIT: Thank you everyone for the great responses here. I am very glad I posted this as the responses are exactly what I need to hear. 
----------immediate responses--------

**You have my support. I urge you to quit drinking.**..My life is different but an external observer would probably rate it about as 'good' as yours. I've never had a dui never got fired from a job for drinking nobody has ever pressured me to drink or to stop drinking I've literally never even gotten into an argument  with anyone while drinking. ..Stop beating yourself up about having a good life (I do the same). You have plenty of reasons to stop drinking. You're allowed to call yourself an alcoholic I even if you've never 'hit rock bottom'. You don't have to wait for it to ruin your life before you stop. ..Also when I quit and had some sober time I really did notice how badly alcohol had actually messed up my life I just never had enough sober brain cells to realize it. 
[deleted]
I am looking for support as well. It does come down to your decision but support is really great. Message if you want me to try to help. Thanks.
You will receive nothing but support here. We'll give you all the encouragement you can want but you have to take action. No one can do it for you. Seek professional help from your physician an addiction counselor and AA. I recommend this because it's what worked for me. I couldn't do it alone and found support from these resources. If you want to quit help is available but it won't come knocking at your door. You have to get up and go after it yourself. Are you ready? 
You have support here dude.  PM me any time you want to talk. 
Only other people with the same experience that you've had can give the kind of meaningful support you need. We are some. There are a whole lot more in various recovery support groups. There are professionals educated to do this many of whom are also in recovery themselves. You just have to take the first step. Welcome.
Just a tought here. I found the best support to be outside my family and friend circle. Some of them know nothing about the condition. Others are actually part of the problem (not saying the cause... just part of it!). The best you can expect from them is some form of cheerleading. For me results came from a dedicated support system made out of AA my GP books and therapies. Friends and family are now back but we try to enjoy life together not rehab. If you took the time to post here you are probably ready to move. It's your call. Good luck  
When I first started toying with the idea of quitting I felt very much like you. I would look at everyone around me and would think "why wont someone just come and save me?" I finally realized that change isn't going to come from any outside source the only place it can come from is myself. As I started sobering up I watched a lot of people who I thought were really close friends drift away I soon realized I had filled my life not with friends but only drinking buddies. ..After about a month and a half of really working on myself and my problem is when the people I really care about started showing interest/support. I have talked to my mother (who had completely stopped talking to me altogether) about why no one would help She told me that everyone had seen me "try" to stop before and nothing anyone did or said ever helped me in the past. So in essence everyone had given up on me. But now 5 months in my entire family is talking to me again and support me completely. Both of my "non-drinking' best friends came out of the woodwork when they started seeing the old me coming back. Then add on top of that I met a really great girl who supports me in everything that I do...I guess what I'm trying to say is that the support is there But alcohol is doing a very good job of hiding that support from you. It's there though trust me and if you don't feel it yet from anyone in your life then keep posting and reading on here. For me at first even just that was enough to get me the path I am on now.
At 31 years of age I quit drinking and remained sober for 15 years; so you got my support.  
