-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1teoqq/wife_doesnt_get_it/

Day 17. I will be the first to admit my sobriety is in it's infancy but my SO has given me zero support. Not a "congrats" not a "I'm proud of you" not even a "good job." Last week after 10 days I made a joke about buying myself a new bass as a reward. She laughed at me and said incredulously "what after a week?!?" This is my first attempt to keep sober so it's not as if I have tried and relapsed before. I don't know this shit is hard enough. I could use a pat on the back from the most important person in my life. I know this sub isn't about marriage counseling but I just needed to let it out. Have a great Saturday all. ..**For clarification purposes:** Buying the bass is a long running JOKE between my wife and I. A lot of folks are zoning in on that. I am not asking for any sort of material reward. Honestly all I am asking for is for my wife to say something to the effect of "hey 2 weeks nice job" Furthermore I was never an abusive emotionally manipulative violent etc type of drunk. I mostly drank a lot of beer and played video games. My wife was surprised that I quit and does not consider me an alcoholic. Please remember not to project your experiences with booze and it's effects on your relationships onto mine as we are all individuals with unique experiences. I believe alcoholism is a spectrum. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! from me then.  Keep up the strong work.
[Think of it like this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaPHPQt91w8)  (NSFW - language)..I know how hard it's been for you to quit for these 17 days.  Everyone here knows it too.  Great job btw.  I've enjoyed reading your updates.  But don't expect your wife to understand.  Because as hard as it's been for you the fact is you're not *supposed* to be drinking every night. To your wife congratulating you would be akin to her congratulating you for finishing all of the vegetables on your plate...And then she may not believe that you're done for good.  If you've been drinking for a long time she may not want to get too emotionally invested  just yet.  Life is hard for the family of an alcoholic. They learn to temper their expectations...Best thing you can do is tell your wife that you know where she's coming from and let her know that you could use her support.  "You're right it's a little silly for me to be rewarding myself this early.  I know you don't understand how hard this has been for me and maybe you never will understand. That's OK.  But I could use your support.  Tell you what by the time I hit 3 months I will have saved over $1000 by not drinking.  How about if I buy myself a new $300 bass then.  Would that be OK?".
What kind of bass are you planning to get?
I've said it before some times OTR can be harsh but the further I get into my sobriety the more I get it...My husband is a very much "reward" needed person. Your wife doesnt understand how hard it is and your drinking has caused her a lot of pain. Pain that will take more than 17days or even 3 months to get over. I completely suggest following OTR's suggestions. .
Have you tried telling her how hard it is for you? She might not know. 
Your drinking has probably caused your wife to feel embarrassed angry disappointed discouraged confused sad overwhelmed hopeless and afraid to name just a few negative feelings. It sounds like she is angry. Maybe it would be good to find out what it's been like for her when you were drinking. Listen without being defensive. ..It's important to find support elsewhere such as AA or SMART Recovery. Focus on yourself and the improvements you need to make. You are barely sober. Your wife is afraid. She doesn't know what to expect and doesn't trust that your commitment will last. Try to give her support rather than thinking you deserve a pat on the back. I know it may be hard but it will go a long way toward building a bridge between you instead of a wall. ..Rather than rewarding yourself buy her something or plan a date night for the two of you. 
When I quit I was not expecting support nor did I get it. Quite honestly I did not deserve it. But eventually I did earn it and get it. ..As others have said she may not believe your commitment to your recovery at this point. Remember she can't perform a mind meld with you and see what is going on inside there. Also since she is not an alcoholic or an addict she can't understand how hard it has been for you. She may view it as easy as simply starting a diet. ..Just keep your actions consistent and predictable. Trust should build and hopefully she'll come around...PS. We're proud of you. :-)
Others who have already posted have told you the simple truth.  By the time most alcoholics get around to really trying to get sober the family especially the spouse or SO have been so burned by the lies lack of responsibility the blaming the denials the broken promises and the violence that comes with a drunk that they not longer have any faith in you that you really mean to stay sober...At 16 days she is just holding her breath and waiting for the next drunk because that is all she has seen and all she knows from you.  ..Getting sober does not come with a Get Out of Jail Free card it doesn't wipe away all that stuff that came before with the drinking.  Not for you and not for her either!  ..Have you asked her how she has felt all these years because of your drinking?  Have you asked her how your drinking has effect her and the quality of her life?..While I heartily congratulate you on your 16 days its what you are going to do with all of your tomorrows that concerns her.  Trust is not given because of one action.  Trust must be earned by long term actions that show you are doing everything you need to do to stay sober forever...So if after 16 days you think you have earned a reward of a $300 bass ... what did she earn for all those years of sticking it out with you?  
First of all you are doing a fantastic job. My SO is the same he doesn't understand my struggle and thinks that quitting drinking shouldn't be that difficult. Which is why I come to this subreddit to get support from people like you to see my badge and to feel proud of MYSELF. I am doing this for me so what everyone else says or doesn't say comes secondary. 
I have had the same experience. For me it's been 9 months and I still haven't gotten much out of my spouse...I brought this up at an AA meeting once and the nearly unanimous response was that I should lay low and to not expect shit. They said that they were proud of me because they are fellow travelers and they know how hard it is...They also said alcoholics are hypersensitive and prone to self pity...They also said 'alcoholics are the only people that want to be congratulated for things normal people just do.'..I pretty much just keep my mouth shut now but inside I am very proud of what I've pulled off.
It is very difficult for someone who does not have the disease to imagine how hard it is not to drink. I was at the same level as you my addiction specialist described it as Level 1- drinks a lot but not everyday turns to alcohol in goods times and in bad and realizes it is difficult to stop. Level 4- you are dying of the disease. So I quit at Level 1. Some people thought I never had a problem. Well I did! And good for you for quitting now. But you need to have a serious conversation with your wife about your struggles and accomplishments possibly with a counselor. This is a major deal!
A lot of people won't get it. But you don't do it for them. You do it for yourself. 
Just because you never did anything horrible/ embarrassing drinking doesn't mean you were a productive member of society. ..She problebly feels a bit resentful. I know I do currently...You don't deserve praise for becoming a decent/ productive person is how she probably sees it. If anything the only thing you deserve is an appoligy TO her and probably taking her to a nice dinner. 
Something I once heard in a meeting regarding this matter "Alcoholics are the only people who want to be congratulated for running out of a burning building." 
