-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tfrll/sober_for_1_year_3_month_attempt_to_moderate/

i used to lurk this forum a lot when i first quit drinking so i thought i would come back and share a bit now that i have some insight. i know moderation is a big question for a lot of people especially when the idea of "quitting" is first starting to become a reality... ...so here's my experience: ...i'm 30 i drank pretty much every day for about 8 years. it was fun at first seemed normal and i rarely got out of control or had any real negative consequences. gradually i started to drink more get hangovers etc. if i didn't have a drink in me by 5 i was anxious as hell and i definitely planned my schedule around it. still not really that different than a lot of people my age. comparatively i probably drank less than a lot of guys my age even on a daily basis which was frustrating because i knew that it was effecting me more severely- but how could i have a problem if they didn't? it seemed unfair. finally i got my head out of my ass and realized that by comparing my drinking to those around me i was really just reaching for any excuse i could find to keep drinking when ultimately i knew i had a problem. ...so i quit. cold turkey. i didn't go to AA or any support group not that i think there is anything wrong with those i just didn't do it. it sucked at first of course. i wouldn't say i experienced severe withdrawals but definitely felt pretty messed up for several weeks- cloudy head irritable anxious depressed all that good stuff. ..i pretty much chose to avoid social stuff for several months because it was too hard for me to be around people drinking especially in bars or clubs. this was hard at first but actually got a lot easier when i realized just how much of the socializing i had been doing was really just getting wasted and forgetting most of the night. watching my friends do this over and over made me realize that maybe i wasn't missing as much as i thought i was. learning how to entertain myself without alcohol was not an overnight process- it took some time but once the initial phase of quitting passed i felt much healthier and sharper mentally which also made me more motivated in pretty much every aspect of my life. there were still lots of times where i wanted to give up and get drunk but the more times i went through that without acting on the impulse the easier the impulse became to ignore....by the end of my one year without drinking i was doing really well. i was much happier than i had been in years my social life was improving a lot work was good love life was good etc. in spite of all of this there was a part of me that still missed drinking. i didn't want to get drunk or drink all of the time but i thought it would be nice to have a drink every once in awhile. so i gave it a whirl. ...the first drink i had in my moderation attempt was ok. just me and a buddy one beer. i didn't really feel much different. i didn't want another one. about a month later i had another one. that turned into two and i felt a little buzzed- still not bad. later that week there was a special occasion and i figured since i was moderating now i might as well indulge. somehow after that it just crept back up on me until i realized i had had a drink or three almost every night for a week. i was already making and breaking little rules for myself about how many days i would have to wait before my next drink i had skipped two workouts because i "just didn't feel like it" and i was once again evaluating social situations on whether or not they were "important" enough to merit having a drink at them. ..Part of me felt shocked that I had let myself slip back into this kind of thinking so quickly and another part of me felt shocked that i had expected not to. After all that you thought you could just magically outsmart your addiction? Silly me. Anyway I realized that moderating is not an option for me and furthermore that i don't want it to be. I am much happier and better at life when I'm not drinking at all. Fortunately I caught myself fairly early in this potential relapse nipped it in the bud and am no longer entertaining the possibility of ever being able to drink alcohol in any capacity. The stupidest part is that I knew it was probably a bad idea to even consider the possibility of moderating and yet I did it anyway because somehow even after a year of happily living without alcohol I am still addicted to it and always will be. I guess its a lesson we all have to learn for ourselves. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is a fantastic post.  Thank you !!!!!!!..I truly appreciate it.    I especially doing that research so that I hopefully don't ever decide or think I have to.  I need the reminder that it does not work.  
Thank you for sharing your story. This is exactly what I'd expect to happen to me if I gave moderation a try.
This really gets to the weird mental games alcoholism seems to play on us. ..I tried moderation too last winter (albeit after only a few months of continuous sobriety) because I suddenly became convinced I wasn't really an alcoholic afterall. It was supposed to be a very strict test: see if you can drink 2 drinks per night no more no less for 30 days. Right away I had the fantasy that at the end of the 30 days I'd call up my old drinking buddies and celebrate my discovery that I wasn't alcoholic afterall by going to the bar and getting drunk. ..Since my roommates knew I was in recovery I hid my bottle and drank my two ritual shots alone in my bedroom. ..I would think about my two shots all day at work bizarre thoughts like what time I should take them this time what I should do while I enjoy the tiny buzz whether I should buy gum or listerine strips or air freshener in case my roommates could smell the bourbon how 4 drinks seemed a more reasonable amount for long term moderation.... way too much thinking about it. ..It was less than a week before I decided I was too "lazy" to pour shots so I just chugged out of the bottle telling myself it equaled about two shots. About a week later I found myself slightly drunk on accident by chugging too much. I knew I failed the test. That wasn't enough to make me quit though.  ..I am just starting out again (3 wks) but that attempt made it clear to me how much this disease is about the obsession. Not only could I not reliably moderate my drinking my thinking and behavior was sketchy and my brain was doing cartwheels to come up with how I could get more. 
[deleted]
Yup. I even tried the sinclair method. The amount never got back up but completely ignoring the the psychological face of my addiction did. I was still a miserable shitskin completely obsessed 
Why are you calling this a "potential" relapse?
You really are smarter than your addiction. Abstinence is the proof of that. I'm glad you came back. 
Great post thanks. That obsession is unreal isn't it? Here I am closing in on a year of sobriety and my mind still goes there. Seeing that obsession for what it is was a breakthrough for me too. It is something that I wish more people could understand...Another thing that I remind myself when I'm feeling a little weak is that the actual experience of drinking and then stopping is different for me than it is for non-alcoholics. It's really unpleasant to stop drinking after a couple/few and it's really unpleasant to resist the urge to go have a drink when you have the option. Moderation is just a really unpleasant thing which is why we always fail at it. I can't enjoy drinking and moderate it at the same time and if I allow myself to just enjoy it it will kill me. So I have to hold the hard line too but I take comfort in knowing it's the easiest option available to me.
thanks for sharing ... this is a story I needed to hear.
What a great share.  It's amazing the mental tricks we play on ourselves.  Good on you for seeing the progression and nipping it in the bud.
Thank you so much for your story I had tears in my eyes
I've been there! Thanks for sharing. It takes every drink we have to take to get it. I'm just glad you made it. 
Good job OP.
Just going through this now.  Thank you.  I needed to read this.
Wow. Good post. Good reminder that I can't keep all the nice perks of sobriety if I drink again. Thank you!
&gt;its a lesson we all have to learn for ourselves...This. ..I knew I could stop for a short time I'd agreed to myself I'd stop for thirty days but two weeks in  I had a a little voice whispering  "what then?" ..I knew at that point that I'd never *stay* stopped. I knew with my belly my heart. 
I think what lures a lot of us into a false sense of security is that after a long stretch of sobriety one or two drinks won't make us wake up several hours early with the shakes.  It makes you think "Hey I've got this thing beat after all."  In my case within two weeks I was right back in the swing of things...I think what really helped me is the realization that I *never* drank like a normal person.  Well before I had a full blown addiction I had certain addict characteristics.  When everyone else was still on their first beer I was on my second or third.  I never just had one or two.  I've finally accepted the reality that my brain was just never wired for responsible drinking.
