-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1thpgp/looking_for_advice_about_finding_serenity_and/

I am attempting to make a searching and fearless moral inventory.  The fearless part is proving difficult. ..Hey guys I am currently trying to take step 4 toward serenity but I am struggling a lot.  Sorry if this post comes off as a rant but I definitely need support right now.  Little about me first 25 years old 10 months sober recently ended relationship w/ bipolar ex 2 DUI's 2 months in to 18 month SB-38 program sufferer of (mostly) manageable depression Bachelors of Science holder ADHD treat w/ Adderall.  It was triggered rather than realized which is why I am struggling with it.  EDIT: Step 4 was triggered rather than realized*..It started in my 18 month DUI class.  The guy in charge of the program is a former lawyer turned PHD in psychology who looks and talks like a high school football coach.  Part of the 18 month program I am in involves attending a group session where this PHD teaches a class about different mental illnesses.  The curriculum involves citing specific examples of different illness like denial or anxiety etc. where they can lead (schizophrenia bi-polar disorder etc.) and their link to addiction.  This lesson specifically was about denial.  I felt the information was valuable and am used to an academic environment when a knowledgeable professional is in the front of the room.  So I stuck my neck out and asked questions about his lesson.  My questions were mostly about treatment for these disorders I was hoping for answers a textbook would give.  Instead of answering with a treatment recommendation he would just go into another case about a client. ..He went into detail about a few different instances where someone had snapped always keeping this person anonymous.  He recounted a story about a DUI class client losing it and yelling at the staff of the program and how the client had promptly apologized.  This client had even gone so far as to have their mom call and apologize for them too what a nut right?  He also recounted a story about someone stimulating a discussion which turned into an anti-police rabble-rouse.  He also addressed the fact that he has access to all the records and comments about our first DUI classes.  Throughout these stories he made it clear that his professional opinion was that this person is very disturbed and I agreed with him by nodding my head and continuing to ask questions. ..The next day I realized he was talking about me.  I had stimulated a discussion about the prison system in America specifically how we incarcerate more people than any other country (A classmate had invited me to a dinner for a mayoral candidate after that session btw).  That was not the kicker though I remembered in my first DUI class my car had been stolen and I was late to a class which forced me to return to court.   I snapped cursed and yelled at the staff then 2 hours later promptly apologized and even went so far as to have my mom call and apologize for me too (I was only 21 at the time it seemed appropriate).  The fact that I did not remember this outburst until the next day made me feel 100% crazy.  Normally I am cheerful and say hello to the staff but the next day they had a palpable change in their outlook about me.  ..For the past few days I have been thinking about this A LOT.  Part of what has been troubling me is that his lesson pulled the floor out of my support structure.  Remember the main focus of this discussion was denial specifically that throughout life we surround ourselves with people who feed into our denial.  This has led me to question many of my decisions and my key supporters like Mom Brother Sister Alcoholic Dad.   As well as many standard practices for comfort like losing myself in work talking with friends or new girl/friend.  Am I only listening to them because they are in my circle of denial?..I am perplexed as to why this psychologist would single me out like that.  I feel like I am a good guy I have strong moral values I don't litter I am usually confident and funny (especially when sober).    Was he simply trying to help me in the only way that an ex-lawyer / psychiatrist knows how?   ..In short I am feeling the weight of anxiety because of this lesson.  I am struggling to search for a place where I can be mentally serene.  The worst part is there was a lot of validity to what this guy said.  I want to face these issues to make peace with what I have done.  I do not want to bury these feelings so they can resurface when I have to go back to court for whatever reason or resurface in my new relationship.  I want to confront them and find serenity after accepting them. I want to face these issues head on and come to a point of acceptance but I don't know how.  Do you?..Anyone have advice on finding serenity despite an affinity for denial?..TL;DR Psychiatrist plays mind games in DUI class with student.  Leaves student questioning his support network and grasping to find serenity. Student is looking for advice on finding acceptance through denial issues.  .
----------immediate responses--------

Who knows what was going on with this guy in the DUI class. Whatever it has provided you with an opportunity to focus on yourself let go of the past and achieve personal growth. ..I don't understand about "affinity for denial" and not trusting your support system. Of course people who love us can feed into our denial. They don't always know what is real. People who love us usually want to support us and are the last ones who want to believe something is amiss. That's pretty normal. ..AA and the twelve steps addresses are tools which address issues of letting go of control and teaches how to find serenity. Another is the serenity prayer--an excellent mantra and fodder for thought. I'm an atheist but the intent is golden...&gt; Grants me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; Courage to change things I can and Wisdom to know the difference...You cannot change anything about what happened in class. Maybe this guy was a jerk; maybe he didn't like you; maybe he wanted to teach you a lesson of some kind. Let go of that. ..I'd strongly recommend that you get a counselor so you have someone to talk to. You may have a tendency to intellectualize and over-think. Also find a support group such as SMART Recovery or AA. ..&gt;Serenity is not freedom from the storm but.  peace amid the storm. ..Take care. 
I would ask him...There's also the chance that he read your file and remembered the story but didn't place you with that file.  Which is still incredibly irresponsible but possible.
Wow I feel really upset that your counselor did this to you. Maybe talking to him privately about the issue might at least clarify his perspective?  .  .My 2cents on your circle of support: appreciate that these people care about you and do your best to see your own truth.
We all have to do a lot of work on the way we think when we get sober. A safe place to do that is in personal counseling. Forth step work sometimes uncovers some deep stuff. It's not always advisable to go there with out some back up. Stay sober and know that support sometimes comes from outside our immediate circle. It doesn't mean we're not loved it just means some people have educated tools for this and some don't. Stay strong. Welcome to recovery.
For myself a lot of my problem was having to analyze dissect parse nuance and otherwise overthink everything...I am a drunk.  I have stopped drinking andwith the help of aa have become a happy person.  ( results may vary).    ..My best thinking got me drunk.   Life is so much better now.
