-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tltf5/almost_9_months_in_recovery_and_struggling_hard/

I just don't know what to do anymore. My mentality is that I can do anything I want to on my own and I always refuse help or refuse to ask for it. I don't even know what kind of help I am asking for. ..Last night I stood in the beer aisle for 20 minutes just looking at the beer. Touching it. Reminiscing about the past. It's funny how good my brain is at rationalizing why I should drink. ..I'm about to lose my job found out yesterday that one of my closest friends committed suicide I can't seem to find a steady home I'm extremely broke. This is the worst condition I've been since even before I was sober. I feel like shit will always be fucked up drunk OR sober. I am really good at keeping a positive attitude but lately I have been coming closer and closer to relapsing and I can feel it. ..I just don't feel like anything has changed in 9 months. I feel like being sober hasn't done much for me except give me a false sense of happiness. I have no idea what I'm doing anymore...Thank you for letting me rant.
----------immediate responses--------

Saava I'm sorry you feel things are not going well for you. ..Drinking at this point will only make things worse.  Being sober gives you a huge advantage for improving them.  I know you know all this.  Hang in there and stay out of the beer aisle for a while...
Saava your life isn't great right now. But it's so much better than it was a few months ago and in a few months it will be even better. You will get your own place and get a car. The only way you can move forward in life is through sobriety. If you drink you will go back to that numb dark place you were at this time a year ago.
I'm so sorry for the loss of your friend.  Grieve but know that drinking isn't going to help that process.  It will only impair it.  Be around those who were also close to your friend and reminisce - share memories and remain clear-headed instead of drinking.  If you're religious I would recommend speaking to a clergy member...I'm sorry to hear that you're going to lose your job.  If you haven't started looking for a new one now is the time.  What field are you in?  Do you have contacts in the area who can help you find new work?  Craigslist can often be a good source for hourly work to help tide you over until you get back on your feet.  Drinking won't help you find a new job...It's frustrating when we make at least one huge positive change but nothing else seems to fall in line for us.  Especially when that change involves losing a previous method of coping which makes all those other life factors seem more frustrating...If you're worried about relapsing you might want to hit up an AA meeting or try http://www.smartrecovery.org to help get you through this rough patch.  Anyone in your situation would be under an immense amount of stress and you don't have to go through it alone...I know that 99% of this is "Captain Obvious" stuff that you already know.  ..Again I am so sorry for the loss of your friend especially under such tragic circumstances.  Hang in there.  Happy Holidays.
Gosh this is hard. Maybe you can tackle your "life" problems one day at a time style in other words look at your work situation then emotional life etc make plenty of lists and break each problem down. You could take a temporary job to help with the bills- they're abundant this time of year where I am. I think you know drinking will make this all worse- as well as drain your wallet. :) Try and face these hurdles sober please.  Lots has changed in 9 months. You've lived sober.
So /u/Saava how are recovery meetings figuring into your recovery program?  While shit happens to everyone both in and out of sobriety recovery can be a tremendous aid if only as a place to get face to face support. 
Life still throws bad things at us. Staying sober will allow you to cope with the most grace and the most honor. Stay with us. You are not alone.
ugh I'm sorry Saava. we're all standing around and nodding our heads. I'd recommend holding onto that false sense of happiness. fake it all day long. Say I love you in your head to everyone who crosses your path especially the unpleasant ones. Say "everything is awesome" in your head all day long. you don't have to mean any of it but i find it forces my perspective to shift and the hopelessness can't build up. and sometimes the ridiculousness of saying it makes me laugh and then body chemistry does its thing and whoa. i'm still broke i'm still alone i'm still facing some big stuff but i'm laughing in a parking lot. 
I feel for you  I relapsed after 7mths then again after 6mths.  I felt as you are feeling now so I decided to take action.  I took the help that was on offer even though it dented my pride but I had to do something.  I am now glad that I did as it has made a huge difference to me and those close to me.  They were the ones who got the short end of the stick.  I had to work hard but I had time on my hands as I was not working.  I put my life on hold for about 4mths it did the trick.  Today I don't think about alcohol or relapsing.  I am no fool so I work hard to maintain what I have got.  I am sorry to hear about your friend.  It is worth the effort I promise you!  Good luck Saava
[deleted]
I'm terribly sorry for your loss :( I hope you find some form of peace in knowing that your friend is no longer in pain...Being sober hasn't given you a false sense of happiness. Any happiness you have found since you dried out has come from the only genuine place that it  can which is from within you...This season sucks for people like us. Stay strong stay sober and know that everything will get better.
When I first got sober 10 years ago I was disappointed when I realized life didn't immediately turn into a field of prancing unicorns like I had hoped it would. I still had my anxiety and bouts of depression I was still chubby and people were still assholes. ..Life scared me and I started drinking again after 4 years sober because I figured why the hell not? I can hide in my alcohol. This will ease the pain. It didn't ease the pain it made the pain worse. I spent so many nights screaming in a pillow crying and hating myself. So many nights throwing up falling down and hurting myself. So many mornings where the first thing I did was reach for my morning beer I would leave for myself on my bedside table. Nothing was better and everything was worse. ..Now after having had enough of hunting alcohol life still isn't a field of prancing unicorns but it's a whole lot better than it was before. When I have a moment of thinking I'll have one I think of the pain the vomiting the withdrawals and the hiding. Life isn't perfect for many reasons but it's so much better than it would be if I drank again...
What do you *want* to happen in your life?  You need a plan!  
You are much more employable sober. You are a much better person sober and you know it. You say you aren't good at asking for help but you just told on yourself. It's hard to get through the tough times / cravings. But think of it this way it's much easier to stay sober than it is to get sober. As everyone has said drinking will only make things worse. Hang in there. You can do this.
The most liberating part of getting sober was when I realized that when it came to alcohol I could not do it on my own.  I asked for help continue to ask for help and had not needed to take a drink for over 30 yrs. My suggestion would be to find a meeting and someone to talk to. 
instead of going to the beer aisle go outside and breath deep. if you drink you're only going to add health (physical and mental) problems to the list you already have. if you feel you need to sedate yourself to get through the hard times you will not have the ability to be present for the awesome times. hang tough and come here to rant we got your back. stay strong!
[deleted]
Sorry about your friend. I know what that's like...You already question your brain in some regards like romancing beer. Alcoholism is one weird thing where willpower alone is of little use. I was determined to stay sober on my own. I tried so hard to do that but in the end I could not. So I relented and accepted help lots of help. It helped!..Now is the time to hang on to your sobriety no matter what. In a way it almost doesn't even count when it's easy--it counts big time when it's hard. Don't let sobriety give you a false sense of doom.
Hi Saava. I'm so sorry for the loss of your friend. Please hang on and hang in. If nothing else just don't drink today. Sometimes in sobriety that's all we can ask for. I've been through some stuff in sobriety too and had the same thoughts you're having. It would be worse to be drunk and still have all of that going on trust me. .You are not alone. 
Once you get that relapse thought in your head...well it's dangerous. Try to do something to reset.  My experience has been that it festers until it comes to a head and no good can come of that...unless you live through it and become even more committed. Just commit without the risk. You must trust me on this.
There's nothing that taking a drink will make any better.  I've got a friend that just relapsed because he wasn't happy in recovery and he's going to return to that shitty place in life that made him want to get in recovery in the first place.  He just wasn't doing anything for his recovery.  My experience is if we don't stay proactive we will inevitably get worse.  Have you participated in a 12 step group?
Keep fighting the fight.  Seven years ago I lost my house and career and was sleep-all-day depressed.  If not for mom and dad literally GIVING me their apartment I would have been on the streets.  I fought the fight and never gave up.  I have my career back and just landed my dream job.  We have no way to forecast the future but we can go to any length to improve it.  I couldn't have done it if I'd relapsed in my darkest hour.  BTW I still stand in the beer aisle remembering what used to be.
[deleted]
Hi Saava I'm sorry that things are rough right now. I am really sorry about your friend you have my condolences. There's nothing I can say that can change the material circumstances that you are in. Your post made me think... Last week in the webchat you totally broke me out of a spell of obsessive thinking with the suggestion to exercise. That sort of interaction wouldn't have happened if you were drinking. I'm not saying that it mattered much to you I'm just saying that maybe you have changed in ways that you don't always see.
[deleted]
