-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tsysa/daily_checkin_122713/

*This is the daily check-in an opportunity to share your experiences and thoughts on each 24 hour cycle of sobriety. Grab a keyboard and join in!*..Today's question: **What takes you out of your own mind?**..For those who haven't been following my posts I'm recovering from alcoholism and abuse of other drugs. I struggle sometimes when I get to the point that I would usually take something or drink to get away from the sensation of just *existing.* Today was one of those days. I played the piano to keep the sensation of thought at bay. Guitar/piano is more reliable than anything else in my arsenal for staying sane; it was kind of annoying when my housemates came home and went to bed early as I'd been wailing away for the previous hour and felt I couldn't continue singing loudly. I think that a lot of this fear and loathing is happening because of the upcoming NYE festival... Initially I was thinking I'd just get high and everything'd be fine but after some prodding from the denizens of this forum (thank you!) and my counsellor I've had a really damn good think about it and I want to stay clean and sober indefinitely. I'm now seeing the festival as getting in the way of my recovery which I'll admit is entirely attitude based but I'm feeling more and more blaise towards it. I'd rather stay home and play the damn piano to be honest... I'm not sure if this is depression or self-preservation but it's where I am at. Fucking weird really. I'll probably enjoy myself once I'm there...Anyway. What gets me out of my head? Music. Music and sleep. It's too late for music so now I sleep. Be good all speak to you soon!
----------immediate responses--------

Actually for now i tend to play a shitload of Diablo 3. That is what I'm going to do for the weekend anyways. I love the game i also got myself a new computer case for my home server. That will definitely keep me busy :)..I'm trying go get back to my interest for networking and server administration. I kind of lost it when most of my spare time have been going to parties drinking and hangovers. .
The things that take me out of my own mind: Harry Potter books and movies series I watch like Buffy/Doctor Who/Pushing Daisies/Angel/Six Feet Under reading Mistborn trilogy baking vacuuming and cleaning music masturbating drinking tea and eating biscuits... ..There are a lot of things to turn to - and not to mention reading this sub! It helps a great deal! 
I like this question!  What gets me out of my own mind?  Meditation and mindfulness are all about deconstructing our own thought processes so that for sure. Yoga. I like zumba bc in order to follow along with the dancing I can't really THINK about anything.  Oh! Journaling also helps the deconstruction of thoughts.  Also let's not forget about sex!  Stephen King writes about how sex can get people out of heir own minds even in sobriety in his book On Writing...Bungle I'm sorry you're no longer looking forward to your festival.  I've not done festivals like that but in my sobriety I have had to or chosen to attend a couple of events that traditionally I had only "enjoyed" bc I was somewhere on the tipsy to blacked out spectrum.  I decided to approach the experience mindfully (I know you meditate so you know what I mean) and like a little experiment.  "Let's see what this is like sober.  Let's see how everyone really acts without the filter of drinking etc." I found this approach to make the events more interesting and also less of a threat to my sobriety.
Right now I'm trying to find what takes me out of my mind (in a good way). Obviously alcohol did the trick for me but I'm not willing to self-medicate with that any longer. I've been busy with work and school but that doesn't allow me to really get away from myself. I'm looking into doing crafts and such -- I REALLY want to get back into printmaking. The only problem with that is being able to afford supplies and having a space to be creative in. My only table at home is wobbly and partially broken and is okay for doing things on as long as you don't lean on it whatsoever...I guess my project at the moment is working on removing clutter from my home and trying to get to a level of necessities only. I have so much clutter and "stuff" that I don't need or use that I've somehow gotten over the years that it's hard to even think in my apartment. Hopefully when that's all taken care of I'll be able to focus on my true love of writing...This comment probably made little sense I haven't had my coffee yet
I'm afraid there isn't *anything* that pulls me out of my mind. Too obsessive. Just can't do it. However I am capable of dulling it a little by keeping it busy. Gaming is good but now that I'm sober it feels like I'm wasting time when I do it which is just awful - I never thought I'd feel that way about a hobby I love so much...I write when it gets really bad. And the gym puts me in my mind but in a good way.
For me it's usually some form of my own brand of meditation.  It involves focusing on my breathing to the point of actually saying (either in my head or out loud): breathe in... breathe out... as I slowly breathe in and out..
Reading- comic books being a foodie playing with pets! helping others computer games listening at meetings prayer eventually. 
Has been almost 2 days after blowing a week.  Am making borscht baking bread and doing anything to (1) break away from routines that remind me of drinking and (2) stay out of self-pity.  Reciting affirmations and a grateful list whenever I feel self-pity slipping in.  I used to think loneliness was a drinking trigger for me - I'm a loner by character so I'm not lonely excessively but when it would kick in I am prone to binge.  But I've now realized that the lonely bit is actually secondary - the cause that gets my head in trouble is self-pity.  Damn I wish I could just take a shower and wash that pity out of my head.  The only thing that really works is getting mindfully involved in a task.  So borscht.
Great question. Anything physical helps but especially stuff that's difficult. The harder it is the more I have to concentrate so hot power yoga in a classroom setting is the best for me. Balancing breathing counting sweating all at once for a whole hour with accountability to the class and instructor. No room for worry...But when I need a quick RIGHT NOW fix I'll concentrate on the temperature of the air on my skin. It helps just enough to derail the speeding train of obsessive thinking and get a little more present.
I picked up a bunch of extra shifts at work. Being busy keeps my mind off of everything else. At home I play guitar read (I have a shelf full of unread books that I need to tackle) and Video games. I just got a nintendo 3ds and pokemon x as a present for myself. I wouldn't have been able to afford it if I had been blowing all my money at happy hour as usual.
So I'm an artist- I used to drink and make art sometimes but usually made art sober. I found that I wrecked the art I made when I'd drink and create so i kept the alcohol mostly out of it. Writing though always loved to write with a pint or 2 or 4. I couldn't really ruin a writing with drinking I could only get to more tortured and interesting places and look at it and go "wow Whee that's wild". ...Anyway so to get out of my own head lately well I haven't been. I've been just sleeping. Today I slept til 2 pm. Then I took a nap from 6 pm til 7 pm. I spent most of the day sleeping so that I wouldn't have to deal with my own thoughts...I spent my waking hours making art so that was good- all 5 of them. I've been really extremely tortured for the past few days as my mom was here for Christmas and she is an alcoholic also- she finally met my boyfriend which was a huge deal for me but this sobriety thing has stirred up so many feelings in me it is really hard to deal with them....I dunno its really complex for me and I'm not making much sense probably. I've just been sleeping too much. Gotta learn to pray or meditate or something or deal with being awake and feel things. Its wild this sobriety. I'm happy to have fewer regrets popping up as time goes on. Of course I make mistakes but they're much more manageable and its easier to be accountable for them as I usually have some memory of the event!..Anyway thanks. 
