-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1txutw/i_relapsed_over_xmas_and_i_feel_so_depressed/

i threw away 10 months... i am depressed beyond words. i just want some support. it was just a slight slip... i don't know I'm sad...edit: thanks guys this really cheered me up and gave me some perspective.
----------immediate responses--------

A slight slip likely means you only need a slight improvement to your program whatever you have been doing the last year mostly works. Figure out what exactly you did and what you could do differently... and then commit to doing it differently. This is a lifelong battle to think and do things differently than when lost in the addiction. ..And your 10 months is not lost that is 10 months of sobriety and learning and practice you can and will carry with you each and everyday. For me the best part of this forum is it counts my days for me that way I only have to concentrate on today. One day at a time. ..I commit to not drinking today. I commit to work my program today. My program includes (1) Being where I am supposed to be (2) doing what I am supposed to be doing (3) being prepared to short circuit my drinking rituals with calls to my sober supports should the need arise...We do not lose time we hopefully learn lessons change our thinking and modify our behavior. Classic CBT... good luck and thanks for sharing.
No need for sadness. Make today a sober day and you will make it a good day. The day counter is just a little motivating flash. The thing that is important is to live your best life today. Welcome back.
It happens we're all human.  A slight slip isn't the same as throwing ten months away - you still have what you made of that time and all the skills you acquired during those months.  Don't beat yourself up too much - look how quickly you corrected the situation!../u/RandomExcess said is beautifully - figure out what led to drinking and come up with a plan to avoid it in the future...In the meanwhile focus on not drinking for now and don't get too down on yourself (which can lead to additional drinking when coupled with an 'all or nothing' mentality).  You still have those ten months and will be right back there by September/October (math is not my forte early in the morning).  
Dayatthebeach is right on. You had a slip- it's part of the disease. The excellent thing is that you're accountable and committed to being sober. Good for you! Good luck. You didn't  throw away anything you took a couple steps backwards in your journey. :)
I am impressed that you are posting here about it.  Give yourself credit for getting back on that horse of sobriety.
A lapse doesn't have to be a relapse. Ten months is a hell of a long time and I was not a waste. Welcome back to SD.
[deleted]
You are not depressed beyond words. No feeling is final and soon enough you will be better. You're already back on track you posted here! Just remember that you're a work in progress you don't answer to anyone but yourself and the timeline for "getting your shit together" is up to you. .."Be gentle with yourself. This is a long and difficult journey." -Swami Rama
Welcome back.  When I relapsed after 15 years; it took me 7 years to return.  So you're way smarter than me.  Shake off the guilt and start putting the days together; and I should add AA programming works for me.
My last relapse was during the holidays I had 18 months under my belt. It's really not that bad think of it more as a learning experience. I learned a few things about myself and have come back stronger. Start a new badge and keep on working at it. :-)..Dont give up...don't ever give up trying.
It's impossible to throw away ten months of sobriety. Like it or not that time is with you forever.  ..Here's one way to look at it. For whatever reason you needed to do more research. And you did. And you are one of the fortunate ones to make it back. Here you are. You learned something that was missing. The learning and experience of ten months is a foundation upon which you go forward. This is simply part of your recovery journey. ..The most important thing is what you learn from this. Just like a divorce starts before the final papers are signed relapse starts before we pick up a drink. When did yours start? If you do some things differently this time you can build a safety net so you don't slip through. What worked for me was AA. ..Welcome back my friend. Be sad. That's a good sign. But be glad you learned and are with us again. It's one day at a time for all of us. 
I read in a recent post the difference between a lapse and a relapse.  If anyone else saw that and remembers the post it might be worth referencing.  While this might just be semantics to some people it is important to differentiate between the two.  Here is a link that might help provide you an improved perspective:  ..http://beatriz-abella.healthcoach1.integrativenutrition.com/blog/2012/03/how-to-stop-a-lapse-from-becoming-a-relapse
come on dude.  get to a meeting (if thats your thing).  Otherwise those 10 months are not lost.  It's not some sort of race where at the the end the person with the most days wins.  Its nothing like that.  Counting days is a counterproductive if you ask me.  Day 1 is no different than day 1001.  Head up.
[deleted]
I slipped up after a year and a half not to long ago as you can tell by my flair and I must say that while it really bummer me out for a few days and I looked for answers everywhere. After about 4 days I tried my best to turn things back to normal before the slip up. I've been going back to meetings sharing my story and getting some input from those in the program. ..It's always just for today. Don't get wrapped up in the time aspect of it. It leads to obsession and anxiety I have found. Just make today a sober today and the rest will follow with the same hard work you put in before. 
You learned a lot about sobriety in those ten months so they're not wasted.  Just pick up where you left off and never forget how you relapsed to help to make sure it doesn't happen again.
You made it ten months that's a monster effort! Well done I'm proud of how far you've come. And do you know what? I think you'll go even further this time...Keep it all in perspective and use your frustration as fuel for the fire. You were sober for 300 out of 301 days. You can do this.
The fact that you caught it before ending up in jail or the emergency room is a huge deal.  What are you going to different this time?..
I saw a post last night about not counting the time. It's a huge weight to think about all the time lost. But the good news is you're still doing the work. You only fail if you give up on recovering. As is said "One day at a time." that's all you need. Why worry about tomorrow next week next month? It all comes one day at a time.
congrats to the 10 months. Sounds like you are on track to get it back be well !
You did not throw away 10 months. Had you continued drinking during that time that would have been throwing it away.
I'm glad you were brought some cheer. Mistakes happen.  Getting back up is what matters.
