-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tyllz/introductions_and_pleasantries/

Hello there /r/stopdrinking! I'm 23 years old a recent college grad and am an alcoholic. I attended a treatment center last year for 63 days stayed sober for about 6 months relapsed and ever since then I have relapsed consistently every 30 days. It's pretty pathetic but I'm trying to get it down this time. I just got hired at the top firm in my field and CANNOT afford another relapse. I also just started dating a girl I personally believe is way out of my league and she has expressed concern over my habitual relapses. She is about as supportive as you can be in this situation God bless her...I think the reason I drink (besides the obvious) is because I convince myself I can get away with it and no one will be the wiser (so dumb!). I'm at a crossroads because my parents have finally put their foot down and I won't be able to live at their place (they live overseas during the year) during this internship until I can afford a place of my own. I guess what I'm looking for in this sub is proof that there are other highly-functioning young alcoholics out there that are in recovery. Every meeting I've been to has seen your fairly typical group of attendees. The people my age are covered in tats chain smoking and work at Burger King. The older crowd is not much better no one that I can honestly relate to/hang out with on a daily basis. ..I'm thinking about heading to a halfway house for an extended period of time but am worried I'm going to be stuck with a bunch of shit heads that will beg for rides constantly (my previous halfway house experience shows this to be the case) and try to steal/beg for money from me. Plus most importantly they weren't serious about their recovery. Anyone else had better experiences? Anyways been lurking for awhile and appreciate everything you all do can't wait to board the sober train and not get thrown off by stupid decisions!
----------immediate responses--------

Look for meetings that organize around business lunch time. Noon meetings within the center of where ever people who you relate to might work. All the noon meetings I frequent have plenty of professionals attending. There are plenty of high achievers in recovery.  You can succeed.
Also meetings before and directly after work.
I'm 21 years old a third year nursing major at an accredited state university and I'm an alcoholic. Graduated high school with honors obtained a full ride scholarship for my education and was involved in extracurricular activities all while being an alcoholic. ..I am the epitome of a functioning alcoholic. I crave alcohol I love alcohol I couldn't imagine a life without alcohol but it needed to stop for me. I saw myself throwing away everything decent that has been in my life due to alcohol...The thing about us functioning alcoholics? We can get away with it and we know it. That has always been my relapse thinking "I can control it this time with moderation and discipline!". Bull. Shit. The only way to not go down this path that I was headed was to abstain completely...I understand what you're going through as I've been through it myself. If you want to chat send me a message.
Quick question: If you're "highly-functioning"...why the need to quit? It doesn't sound like alcohol is a problem...or did I miss something?
I needed a few more years than you and weren't functioning at all at the end but maybe my story will help...I always was among the best of my class finally among the top ten people of my graduation year in school. I started university and did quite well there as well. Then the alcohol got more and more and after some failed classes I dropped out. I needed a few more years to get back on track. Aged 29 I went into rehab. Following that I finished my bachelors got my masters and am about to start my PhD. In rehab I met a professor one high ranked member of the military and a whole bunch of people who were highly successful but were alcoholics. In my support group there is an engineer and two more with university degrees..There are all sorts. High education doesn't prevent alcoholism but if you stop you can still be successfull...I went down further than you and I really hope you don't have to do that as well but I think we're not that different. .
Ditto to what dayatthebeach says. I've also heard that meetings conducted on college campuses are great for "high bottoms" as well. Not sure where you are located but sometimes the burbs are good places as well (home owning sorts attend those). A really good friend of mine will attend meetings that they don't have much in common with the other people there (besides the obvious factor) always says "take what you need and leave the rest". Good luck you can do this!
Welcome to SD.  I hope you'll continue to share with us as you go along.  
[deleted]
I'm 26 3rd year grad student with my the top associateship in my field and senior pastor of a historic landmark (liberal mainline Christian) congregation and in recovery. My young people home group has MBAs successful entrepreneurial business owners commercial real estate folks CPA accountants BS/RN nurses post-doctoral research fellows engineers undergrads in Greek life etc all in their teens mostly 20s. ..There are definitely groups like us out there. There are definitely people in recovery like us. We didn't get sober to become listless drones. We work hard In recovery in work in families and we play hard. I'm actually headed out with two home group friends on a snowboarding adventure 14 hours away. I went to Israel backpacking with one friend in March for a week I went to big bend and west texas last New Years with another we set up a state park camping trip of 10 of us in summer '12. A fair number of us have between 18 months and 5 years some a few more some aren't there yet. ..Noon groups are great advice- I usually attend that in my downtown. That's where I'll run into other women I may not know. If you're a guy find the solid men's meeting in your area. There's usually at least one that's known for being really good in each area &amp; the men there might point you in the direction of the company you seek. ..I've not had or heard better halfway house experiences really that's par for the course. 
Whatsup I'm 25 years old I've been drinking for the past 5 years and it's time for me to stop. I think I've come to the conclusion that I'm not disciplined to drink. I am similar to you. I'm a senior Accounting major with a 3.3 gpa in college. I like to get buzzed before I go to work and when I get off I crave it as well. Between buzzes and getting crazy sometimes I manage work and my grades. It's shitty and I have to decided I want it to change. Stay in touch I'm looking for people like myself as well.
