-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1tyzet/my_story_anxiety_ed_etc/

Posted a few times here and there but mostly been reading this sub a LOT over the past month. I am going to try and keep this not horribly long and rambling like I'm prone to do but forgive me if this is a novel...I am 32 and married to a wonderful man...When I was growing up I grew up with a father who was prone to flying off the handle angry at the world and I was the brunt of it. My mother was very passive in the matter. I remember many days ruined with her crying me being frightened of my father's rages. He was never physically abusive but his words were bad enough. ..My childhood was full of walking on eggshells. I was a very shy child as well and this made my prone to horribly bullying from kindergarten through grade school. I was bullied horribly and the teachers picked on me as well. I was a bright child far excelling in my studies and bumped up a few grades in math and english because I was bored to tears at the level they were teaching...My father pushed me to learn geometry when I was in the 4th grade. If I became uninterested or screwed up I would be yelled at made to feel a failure. This caused much anxiety. In fact my whole childhood caused me much anxiety...I didn't really have any friends growing up. They were scared away by my family dynamics and I was just socially awkward. My parents were not sociable; dad thought the world was against him mom was afraid to make friends because my dad would always think they were 'meddling'...I was a chubby child. When I was 12 I decided to go on a diet. I remember my aunt telling me I had "thunder thighs" at a young age. That comment 20 years later still sticks with me painfully...That diet progressed to anorexia and by the time I was 14 I was very sick and eventually hospitalized. My father thought my eating disorder was an act of rebellion hated doctors didn't trust them. He was non-supportive of my recovery and I just felt so so guilty all the time and found recovery difficult if not impossible with no support network. I remember him screaming at the doctors more than a few time calling them witch-doctors hacks etc. My mother basically shut down during this time. I was 14 and alone. The problem basically just swept under the rug and the only time my illness was ever brought up was only to make a mean comment about how I looked like a concentration victim...Fast-forward to 16 it became bulimia. Very bad. Throwing up multiple times a day stealing food. My parents put locks in the kitchen. I wasn't allowed to go into the kitchen. They took the door off my bedroom so I could be monitored and put my 6 year old sister in there with me to share the room with me. No privacy...I hadn't started drinking at this point; when I was 8 or 9 I remember my dad having a beer and I wanted to try it and found it disgusting. ..When I was 17 my father and I came to blows and he basically kicked me out of the house (because of my ED). I had some friends in a larger city near me that basically came down and picked me up with a couple of trash bags I had put some of my things into. I couch-surfed for a few months jobless. My friends weren't heavy drinkers but I was able to start going out to bars underage because of them. I was really into fruity mixed drinks at the time and while I wasn't getting totally plastered I was getting drunk and it was fun and I had friends...I came back home for a brief while after this and then went to another state for a while staying with some friends because I could. I really became a nomad for a while going to different states cities probably trying to either run away from my problems forgetting my problems trying to find some kind of independence. I remember drinking here and there but nothing major. But I did like to drink. It was just not a big problem yet...I was still in the thick of my ED but didn't talk about it. Came back home got a good job and moved back to the city. I was partying pretty hard on the weekends at this point and doing some really stupid shit black-out grocery shopping sleeping around generally being shitty. I met a guy who I started dating who I eventually moved in with. We had a tumultuous relationship; he was an alcoholic who was in/out of AA. We didn't drink too much together but sometimes he would bring home beer and ignore me to drink and play online games. I went to a few AA meetings with him. He tried to convince me that I too was an alcoholic. I started drinking more. He was the first man I'd ever really fallen in love with and we broke up more times than I can count to get back together. This was over the course of a couple of years...He treated me like shit really quite misogynistic (looking back on it now) but I was so in love with him. He got me pregnant. He made me pay for my abortion...We eventually broke up for good but I was destroyed over it. I made the decision to leave him but I still loved him and it hurt terribly. I felt suicidal and checked myself into a mental facility for a week. ..This rollercoaster lasted for a while for me. I remember on a Valentine's Day soon after this happened my parent's wished me a happy V-Day and I screamed at them it's not a happy Valentine's Day. I was so angry and hurting really badly. I was distraught he wouldn't talk to me but I didn't want to talk to him and I knew our relationship was doomed anyway...Things started spiralling out of control for me at this point. I got my own place in the city again and started boozing it up big time. I would go to work on 3 hours of sleep smelling like jaeger whiskey whatever I was drinking. ..I got raped by a friend. No one beleived me and I was raked over the coals after telling my best friend what had happened who in turn told everyone in our social group which then everyone knew about and "no way would he have done that you're a slut and you're lying"...Absolutely gutted me. I moved out of the city because of this and went back to my parents'. ..I went overseas for a few years. Drank myself through Europe UK Russia. I can't hardly remember a day in those two years I wasn't drunk or hungover. I was by myself most of the time and became very lonely. ..Came home again and began bartending. Met a few people through work and we would hang out and drink all the time together..One night I drove home after a night of drinking at my friend's house and I got a DUI. I was arrested in my driveway and my car was towed out of my driveway. .It was horribly embarrassing. Very expensive. It didn't stop me...I kept bartending for a while. Then I moved down to another city. I was dating a new guy at the time. Started going to college and working a new job. Met some people at the new job and started drinking with them after work. This happened more and more often. Coming home super late drunk waking up my roommates cooking drunk and catching the stove on fire breaking shit. Blackout don't remember these things. I was eventually asked to move out...Moved into a new place boyfriend broke up with me. At this point I started drinking REALLY heavily. This was about 5 years ago. I was going out to clubs or bars by myself getting shitfaced. Friends were telling me they were worried about me. I used the excuse that I was absolutely distraught over the breakup (which I was). I started drinking more and more and during the day time. I was having a hard time keeping a job after being laid off. Barely making ends meet. Sold my car. ..Finally landed a nice new job moved into a new house by myself. I was getting free shift-drinks after work which turned into pounder glasses full of whiskey with a splash of coke then going out to bars with work friends after work...I started hanging out with my ex-boyfriend's friend at this point (now my husband!) and we pretty much just hung out at my house and drank wine and listened to music. We drank a LOT of wine. And vodka. And whatever else. He moved in because I needed a roommate and we weren't dating yet at that point. Just friends. I was still wary over dating after the last incident (he had broken up with me via text message which makes it even worse). My now-husband thought ex was an asshole. Long story short here roommate turned into boyfriend and we would go out to bars drink ourselves under the table rinse repeat. ..Of course we hung out sober too but we drank so much together. I found alcohol really helped with my anxiety (ha) and awkward social shyness. We drank through 4 years together and I held down a job broke my wrist (while drunk of course) broke more than enough wine glasses. ..The worst was on a Thanksgiving when my husband (at this point) was out of town on business and I had my parents and sister over. By the time they had arrived I had 2 bottles of wine in me. By the time they left I don't remember. I remember crying a lot. ..I was drinking alone by myself at this point. My husband was out of the country on business a lot and I would try to not drink while he was away but my resolve would break after a couple of weeks and the pent-up anxiety would be too much to deal with...Fast-forward to the present time. After my husband and I went overseas for a few months we came back to find that our housing situation fell through. We are now both living with my parents again. I am working and he is working but not making enough to move out. When we first moved back here a little over a year ago I continued my drinking habits. I have been drunk more days here than sober blowing through bottles of wine whiskey gin. Always with the same result: shitfaced. My parents have seen me that way my sister has seen me that way. I feel so so ashamed and embarrassed...I started taking Effexor a few months ago for my anxiety. It has helped a lot. I stopped drinking when I started taking it... for 2 weeks. Then I found I could drink on it...On Christmas I told my parents I was going sober. I told my husband as well but I told him he can drink it doesn't bother me. It really doesn't because he doesn't get rip-roaring drunk as *I* always do when I start drinking. ..I got drunk on Christmas. Because I was given several bottles of nice wines from various co-workers. Before Christmas I had been sober 5 days..I haven't drank since Christmas..I am sober today and I will be sober tonight. I am going easy on myself and trying to learn how to relax because I have been self-medicating with alcohol to relax. I am letting myself do whatever the fuck I want as long as I am not drinking. I am eating candy (something I would NEVER let myself do calories and all - which is funny considering all the calories in booze!) I am laying in bed reading this sub all day if I want. I am not beating myself up for 'being lazy'. I have been so accustomed to always having to be doing something and eventually getting overwhelmed with all the things I 'need' to be doing / should be doing that the knot in my stomach becomes too intense and I drink. .Fuck that...Alcoholism runs on both sides of my family (Mom's mom Dad's dad). I am not going to go down that path. I have already done enough damage to my body from the ED over the past years (still a struggle once in a while) and I don't need another monkey on my back...Sorry for the long-winded post but it sure feels good to write it all out and I am really happy to be here with you folks....
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like rehab might be helpful. It was one of the best decisions of my life. With your complicated history inpatient treatment would give you a foundation for recovery. It involves much more than simply not drinking. AA was also a powerful influence where I met happy sober experts in recovery and learned sober coping tools. I wish you well on your journey. 
Back in the 1980s after I had a couple of years of continuous sobriety I started running with a group of Irish Catholic guys who sort of coalesced around my Godfather a famous photographer who at one time owned one of the more prominent Irish Pubs in our city.  A young woman started connecting with us.  She was unable to hold down her bartender's job even though she was sleeping with the bar owner. My godfather let Mary work as a photographic assistant for him while she got her sh#t together.   She had a hard time getting sober but when I last saw her she was beginning to work a regular again and last I heard she had gone back to school.  Her husband Tim a well-known AA speaker "lead" an AA meeting at the Social Club where I serve as a trustee. In short Mary ended up re-connecting with me.  Mary "lead" my downtown noon meeting last spring.  The story she related to the meeting recounted some of the details I just described and concluded with the fact that she is now a professor of medicine at one of the leading medical schools in the United States where she is a cancer researcher.  A few weeks ago Mary and her husband were on Facebook they were posing in front of the London grave of the "Hampshire Grenadier" that Bill Wilson describes in "Bill's Story" on page 1 of the Big Book...My point is get sobriety one day at a time--and you can realize your real potential.  Good luck.  Focus on one day of sobriety and plan for a second day.  It can all happen for you.  
I really want to thank you for sharing your story. I really identify: gifted kid pushed to excel in certain ways terrible family dynamics social awkwardness eating disorder years of tumultuous relationships promiscuity fleeing from life in different settings. I think you are really brave for sharing the details of your life and I am really happy that you have decided that today you will be sober.  
Thanks for sharing In many ways you and I have led the same life.  I understand where you're coming from and exactly how you feel. I'm currently seeing an addiction specialist to deal with all my issues.  It's the best thing I ever did in my whole life and has given me hope for a better tomorrow. The road to recovery is a slow process but each day it gets a little easier. Learning to cope without booze drugs cigarettes sex is really hard but if you want to make it you will. Keep the faith
My background is very similar to yours.  Are you seeing a psychiatrist/therapist regularly?  It really helped me and many health insurance plans cover it.  Good luck!  
