-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1u0amy/i_cannot_deny_it_anymore_my_drinking_is_starting/

I just need to tell this to someone because I literally don't have anyone to vent it to. ..Saturday night has lead me to a the stark realisation that my relationship with alcohol is becoming as toxic and damaging as the one I've had with cocaine/tramadol/marajuana in the past. On the outside compared to what I used to be I seem really healthy and happy. I'm doing well in my personal/educational/professional aspects I quit smoking I became fit yadda yadda yadda everyone has been very supportive and positive about me getting clean but I'm hiding some really destructive drinking at the moment and I'm starting to feel close to how I felt at the end of my cocaine use. ..I am at current 15 months clean of my old main vices (coke and weed) and 14 months off the cigarettes. It was a struggle and I ended up hitting an all time low for myself. I was physically a mess emotionally a mess prone to volatile really violent behaviour. I had wiped out my savings and moved onto a relationship with a man who terrified me in order to feed my habits my mother wouldn't speak to me my friends wouldn't speak to me...you get the picture. ..I am very grateful that I ended up for a brief spell homeless and my mum decided to take me back in. That signalled the end of my drug use. It was hard fought but I really did turn my life around. I was the happiest and at peace I have ever been...But over the past few months I've started to become a really volatile drunk. I won't remember what I've done I'll make a complete fool of myself or worse I become an absolute nightmare. I still live with my mum (I'm in my early 20s but I feel like the rules and structure of being treated like a kid have been helpful in relation to drug recovery) and the other night I came home (apparently I cannot remember this at all) and just started to verbally abuse her and threaten her which I don't understand because I have nothing but love for her and I don't even swear in her presence usually.  ..I feel guilt all the time I am starting to drink a serious amount of my money (Not far off what I used to be spending on drugs) I am going exactly the same way as before...On Saturday night I don't remember after about 10pm. But my phone history tells a different story. I began to harrass the life out of an ex boyfriend who I have alot of history with. We broke up years ago but we remained close even though we live in different places and it's sometimes been a bit up and down. I still maintain he's the love of my life and even though we aren't together and it's never going to happen I'm ok with that and I like to keep links with him I don't know what I'd do if I didn't have him around. ..He was back in town due to Christmas and I started to ring over and over leaving these weird messages asking to have sex. I was so embarrassed of the dozens of phone calls I made and sloppy weird nonsensical texts and facebook messages I made I've had to apologise and block him any and every way I can so I don't pull a stunt like that again because it isn't fair. The last time I was drugged up I assaulted him in a bar. I think I've blown my second chance here. ..I feel really lost and really unhappy right now. I feel like an absolute failure. I feel really weak and I don't want to keep hiding my drinking. I physically feel a mess. I've just had to sleep for nearly 30 or so hours because of the state I drank myself into on Saturday. That really concerns me. I actually really want to go back to sleep right now. I am so tired. How can that be possible? ..And I can't even speak to anyone for support because they're all angry with me because I was a horrible drunk to them. ..I'm really ashamed that I'm peddling a lie that I'm doing so much better. I'm not. I am sick. ....
----------immediate responses--------

Speaking from the I here while I was drinking I was an occasional smoker. Some days I wouldn't smoke at all some others(usually when I was at the bar) I could smoke up to 5 or 6 cigarettes. When I quit drinking I noticed that my smoking went up pretty quickly. Basically the most alarming part was that I would smoke instead of drink. End of a long day at work smoke to relax; anxious about my bills smoke to forget about it and so on. You get the whole idea. So rather quickly I figured out that what I needed wasn't a substitute of alcohol but a greater change in the way my brain works. My brain was used to relying on a substance to cope with anything even mildly disturbing. I needed to reprogram it to its default state. What did I do when I was 15 years old and I got anxious or worried or happy? I did what people who don't smoke or do drugs or drink more than a couple of glasses of wine do. It  sure felt unfathomable in the beginning but what I did was trust the people posting here who said that it happened to them at some point. I just had to take it one day at at time and see for myself. And you know what it worked. ..Best of luck!
I guess you'll have to get clean and sober. I think you'll find that with out the alcohol your experience will return to the clarity and peace you remember from your first stage of recovery. This time you won't have any substance crutches so your emotional state might be a roller coaster for a while. We can help with that. Other face to face support groups can be a life saver too. After some time you'll grow beyond the regret and remorse of your past love debacle. Welcome. 
[deleted]
You can stop.  You really can. Hang in there friend.  You never have to feel this way again.
[deleted]
