-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1u1lex/having_a_hard_time/

I'm struggling with staying sober. I posted here about a week ago...and then I slipped up over Christmas and continued into the weekend... I feel horrible about it. I just wish that once my heart was in it my body and brain would jump right on board too. ..I mentioned in my other post that my husband is also an alcoholic. Of course our whole relationship was built on partying and having fun together then we married and brought a kid into that mix. While I've never done anything to put my child in harm's way..thank GOD...I never want it to even be a possibility. I don't want him growing up knowing/remembering me as an alcoholic. He's 3. If I stop right now TODAY then he doesn't have to grow up with a drunk for a mother...When it comes to my husband...it's really hard seeing him drink and being around it. I haven't tried to force anything on him and I know that he supports whatever I'm doing. I know he's wanted/tried to quit before and he's struggling as well. I'm having this awful thought in my mind like we can't have a marriage with me sober and him not so I might as well just drink with him. It's a really difficult place to be in. But i'm not listening to those voices and I'm going to get better...Sorry if this is rambling and incoherent...I'm here and I'm committing to not drink today. One step at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Commuting to not drink today is all you can do in the now. ..I found the following things useful as a plan for long term sobriety:..1 Decide not to drink. Really. Not as stupid as it sounds. I finally was honest with myself that I cannot drink and maintain control..2 Get help. AA. Smart. Whatever. I see a counselor every week. This is too tough a road for most people to mange on their own. Professional insight has been integral to me..3 Get support like this place(grab a badge  they're oddly motivating) friends family. I have embraced the positive and distanced myself from the negative. Or at least try to!.4 Be open to change. My old patterns of thinking led to dark dire straits. I'm really trying to be open to new ways of thinking and behaving so I can live sober and not just booze free...We're here for you - stay strong..
Good luck to you.. This thing sucks for sure.
[deleted]
One day at a time is the only way to start. 
It's really great that you are staying sober today. Good work! It is so important to start realizing that this is the path you need to take even if it is hard at first. 
