-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1u35k4/i_have_9_mo_today/

Good morning/afternoon    .Well I made it to 9 Months. It took 4 yrs to get 9 months but I did it. I can't express in words/text how grateful I am to have each of you be apart of my recovery. Your triumphs and even struggles inspire/encourage me.    .    .    .  I have managed to recover many aspect of my life and more importantly I have grown as a man throughout the last 4 yrs. Although I'm still a work in progress I can honestly say I am the best person I have ever been in my life right now.    .    .I have so much less than at my "societal peak". I make less I work more I have a smaller place worry about gas more often(LOL) etc. but I am so full of life now and so much more content and happy with my life sober than when I had more but was drunk and depressed.    . I pray each of you reach your sobriety goals. Even though it get rough sometimes I encourage you to stick with it. It is worth it.    .~INY    
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you sir!  Keep up the good work.
Good for you that's a heck of a milestone congrats. 
You are great and you are sober!  Happy 9 months to you!  
So gratifying to read. congratulations and Thanks.
Needed some positive words today. Thanks for setting a great sober example and sharing your thoughts. :-) tough time of year for me and it's people like you that help me through
Congratulations.  I like what you say about having less but being more contented and happy.  Thanks for everything you do.
And I'm sending a prayer of thanks that your life has turned around in such a spectacular manner. So much bullshit falls away in sobriety right? 6 months! Wow. Happy new year!
You're the man.
Congrats! 
Yay!  
Great Job!  
Just curious there's a running joke in my home group meeting about how "no one makes it to 9 months" because "it's too long" and "it's impossible." Then when people make 9 months sober everyone loses their shit. It's really fun. Have you heard that or is that just my group being a pack of weirdos?..edit: I guess I was just assuming you're with AA. If not disregard. :) Congrats
Right on congratulations.  You have a great sense of gratitude in this post.  That is awesome.  Happy New Year!
That is awesome! I am only at 60 days. You are inspiring.
You have been an inspiration to me from the very beginning i_noticed_you.  I am so happy to see you doing well.  Thanks for all of your contributions to this board. Congratulations on 9 months!  I am right behind you!
ME TOO! 9 months today. I will be going to a 24 hour alkathon to celebrate...And Happy New Year to you.
[deleted]
congrats that's awesome!
Congratulations! Very well done.
