-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1u7tp9/10_days_sober_5_meetings_in/

And most everything is going really well. Sure my sleep is still really screwed up I can tell that my body is still filtering out the alcohol my liver is still recovering... ..But I managed to spend my free first day of the year doing some work with my Raspberry Pi which sat lifeless for weeks while I was drinking. My apartment is the cleanest its been in months and it finally feels like home. Work is going really well: my boss told me to go home early yesterday and relax after I powered through the weekend on a project (a far cry from being angry that I rolled into work on a Monday hungover). I have a more positive outlook about life in general. I thought I had an anxiety disorder while I was drinking - now I'm pretty sure I don't. I feel more confident. I feel calmer. ..I'm meeting people at AA meetings I really like we share a great deal in common in our struggle with addiction / alcoholism. I love the fellowship aspect of it...Got a sponsor starting to work the steps. When I see the other people in AA I definitely truly feel that I want what they have. ..I thought I'd say thank you to /r/stopdrinking... I read hundreds of the "most upvoted comments" from the sidebar my first day of sobriety and it definitely got me in the right headspace for recovery...I know it won't all be like this: that there'll be challenges that it won't always be amazing every day. But I think that when that time comes I'll be ready...Just um... in a really good mood. :]..(my captcha: QLARBA. sounds like an Ikea product.)
----------immediate responses--------

Great inspiring post. You certainly sound like you're doing it right. Thanks!
[deleted]
Strong Work.  It is amazing how much better life can be if we let it.  It is hard work and commitment to stay sober but what amazes me is how much better I am as a person as a career person and as a spouse without the booze.  Drinking didn't improve me it held me back it hampered me...You are an example to follow.  Thank you for sharing.  What kind of Ikea product exactly would QLARBA be lol?  What colors does it come in?
[deleted]
Fuck Yeah Raspberry Pi!. There is no high like a hacking high. Good luck out there.
