-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ub8ma/30_days_it_hasnt_gotten_any_better_but_it_has/

Hello..This is the longest time without alcohol since I was like 15. I'm still struggling but things are slowly piecing together...I'm still overall pretty jaded I have trouble feeling and expressing emotions. I have cravings not specifically for alcohol but I really just want to get fucked up. I have never really used other drugs except marijuana when I was a teen but I really just wanna get fucked up and watch TV at the end of the day. I also have been having very vivid and realistic dreams about drinking almost on a nightly basis. Even to the point where I can recall in my dreams going and resetting my badge on SD. I still have trouble sharing emotions Its hard to talk to my folks and housemates and I sort of feel like Eeyore...The good things that have happened is I think I have lost a bit of weight. After I quit I was like a vacuum cleaner for junk food so I think I initially put on a few lbs and its starting to melt off now that my appetite has normalized. I've also started exercising I got a gym membership for xmas so I am going to try and go daily...Sometimes I get a little down because I feel that all I do is go to work and meetings and my social life feels sort of dead. I fill my spare time with reading and video games and slowly trying to get more productive as my energy levels creep up...I attend AA almost daily and talk with my sponsor almost every day as well. I still struggle spiritually something about steps 2-3 really just dont sit right and I still get uncomfortable with a lot of whats said. But I'm trying...Sorry for the incoherent rant I whipped this together just before leaving for work and didnt proofread it...Thanks SD for helping me reach 30 days!
----------immediate responses--------

Thirty days is a great accomplishment especially without the "pink cloud" a lot of quitters are gifted with! I identify with a lot of what you're saying though -- whether I drink or not I still have pretty pessimistic beliefs a generally bad mood a sense that my life is like the film "Groundhog Day." I try to keep faith in others' testimonies that the time frame for recovery is extremely long and at 30 days "things being less shitty" is cause for celebration. The rest (I hope!) comes later with lots of work on our real problems that drinking covered over.
Congrats on making it a month!  That's a tremendous achievement.  I remember the dreams - they were at their worst around one month.  I think that as time goes on you'll see progress in the other areas you've mentioned.  If you're looking for something to supplement AA you can always check out http://www.smartrecovery.org  Sometimes taking bits and pieces from different programs can be helpful...Best of luck in the New Year!
&gt; It hasnt gotten any better but it has gotten less shitty........&gt; The good things that have happened is I think I have lost a bit of weight. After I quit I was like a vacuum cleaner for junk food so I think I initially put on a few lbs and its starting to melt off now that my appetite has normalized. I've also started exercising I got a gym membership for xmas so I am going to try and go daily...Isn't "less shitty" better?  Also that paragraph sounds like all good things...My first month and a half or so sucked.  Give it time.  I think it takes a few months to reach a new normal.  If your drinking was anything like mine you were really doing a number to your mind and body.  And it takes time for them to get used to not being poisoned...My emotions were out of whack for a while and my brain was in a fog.  But over the last year things continually improved.  There were several times throughout the year that I thought that I'd reached the height of "getting better" and then life kept getting better...Let's say it takes a year for things to even out for you.  And let's say you're 25.  1/26th of your life might suck a bit while you work on not being dependent on substances to deal with life and you learn to cope with life in much healthier ways.  During that year for me I also found new hobbies and exercised a lot.  I lost 68 pounds since 1/1/2013...I can tell you from where I'm sitting now that sobriety is awesome.  I've gotten to a point where it's just part of who I am.  I can go to restaurants friends' houses bars (occasionally) parties to see bands ... and I don't feel urges or out of place.  I go and have fun.  And when I wake up the next morning I feel great... no guilt or concern that I've done something awful...Hang in there!
Congrats. I like the title of this post. :)  I have found that exercising has really really helped my sobriety.  Get all that extra nervous energy out.  Not to mention weight loss being in good shape feeling good etc. etc. 
Congratulations!! Stick around. The folks here have really helped me to stay sober.
I'm going to concentrate on the positive. Congratulations on your time. Congratulations for relaxing a bit about your house. Congratulations on having a job! Congratulations on the weight stability and the exercise and getting into a support community that you can use for the long haul. And enjoying the reading and the gaming.  I hope I didn't leave any of your good news out. Good job!
Congrats!  30 days is huge! The first 30 or so days of my sobriety were awful. I felt sick the whole time. I went to AA meetings every day. It took me a long time to feel better physically. The emotional/spiritual part is still a work in progress and will be for a long time. To be honest I felt pretty bad until I worked the steps with a sponsor. It took me about 2 months to work the steps. Then wow some of the promises started coming true. It is awesome. Almost a year down and I am truly the happiest I have ever been. ..I had problems with steps 2 &amp; 3 also. One day it was explained to me simply and it just clicked for me. ..Step 1 : I can't. ..Step 2 : he can. ..Step 3 : I'll let him. ..That's all it took for me to see the simplicity of it. If I just stop fighting everything I have a chance to recover. ..Side note - my version of he (my high power) is the force holding the universe together-not some dude with a beard. 
&gt;After I quit I was like a vacuum cleaner for junk food..I love that!  Brilliant.  Well done on your month keep trying.  We can only do our best.  Good luck on your journey1
