-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ue4fe/college_problems_how_to_be_sober_when_you_are_a/

YOU AREN'T AN ALCOHOLIC- THIS IS COLLEGE..this is something i constantly struggle with i have my close group of sorority sisters who are in support of me but tend to think i am being excessive. "if you are an alcoholic then i'm going to die of alcoholism tomorrow!" or "you don't have a drinking problem this is college- it's normal!" i deal with comments like this a lot. i tried to get sober last october but it didn't last too long. i attended AA but it was hard to find people i related to even in young people meetings. many were court ordered and not serious about sobriety- or from the nearby cc and started to get a little creepy toward me. i went back to drinking after my try at that..now since i have been home for winter break i realize how much i need sobriety. i suffer from depression and a ton of unresolved issues in my life. alcohol has been the root of many of my problems. while i do not crave drinking i have no control over the amount i drink when i do. i self medicate and am always the most drunk out of my friends. blacking out is normal for me. .the only part i really struggle with is my environment and my age. i am about to turn 22. i go to a big ten party school and am in greek life. i am even known within my sorority as being "the life of the party." i'm afraid of dating in sobriety. i don't want to feel alone when all i've known previously is my party girl lifestyle. i go back to school today and am stressing out about it. i hope focusing on classes will help..just wanted to introduce myself on here and if anybody can relate or has anything/advice to share don't hesitate- i need it!
----------immediate responses--------

Your friends really said that stuff to you? That's terrible. Did you tell them all that you were going to be sober and that was their reaction? If that was the case maybe just don't tell them you're trying to get sober this time. They may not even notice you're not drinking if you don't tell them!..Also if AA is appealing to you it's worth trying a bunch of different ones to find a better fit. I have tried 6 so far and the first three were alllllll court-ordered people middle aged men which made 24-year-old female me seem bizarre in context. Good luck! 
Welcome! ..Why is alcohol a problem for you? Even though the people around you don t seem to realize it - it is a problem for you and that is why you are here?! I saw a number of signs in your post that signals you could benefit from sobriety. Have you taken the Alcohol Assesment Test in the sidebar ----&gt;..Many of us here have the experience of feeling like we are broken... That others seem to function quite well when it comes to alcohol and that we also should be able to drink like them without the consequences we face but the truth is - we just can t. For some reason/reasons it is clear to us that drinking is in fact destroying us.  ..Could you find someone to talk to about your situation and the unresolved issues you mention? Maybe a nurse or someone like it in school. I m sure they have some sort of medical help/guidance on campus.
A lot of fear. Pity about your friends. In AA we say we have to step over a lot of bodies along the path. Those are the husks of the other addicts that didn't take recovery seriously. Serious as a heart attack. Stay away from those people they are dangerous. If there really is not a single person in your YP meeting who intends to recover that is a sad thing indeed. Try all the meetings! Your life is your business. In my life I had to make a serious committed effort. It seems to work for me. I hope you can recover too. Welcome.
.who will you be when you graduate? who do you want to be? people will keep partying through their 20s but "sorority girl" has no meaning anymore and slowly you just become the sad woman in the group who has trouble with her career relationships and falls down in the street and cries a lot. stand up for yourself now. you're there to get a degree and build your real identity and sense of self.  who are you?
The "sorority party girl" thing only works until you're about 25; sobriety is forever. Sorry your friends are unsupportive. Your sobriety is probably making them look at their alcohol consumption and worry that perhaps they have a problem too. I'm not saying they do -again it can be "just a phase" for some people- but from what I've seen the only people who take issue with another person's sobriety are those who worry about their own drinking. Projection ya know?..I hope that your friends learn to support you. They wouldn't seem like very good friends if they didn't. You're 22-- college will be over soon. Get sober now if you can so you don't have to deal with the process later on. This sub has been great and I highly recommend staying and hanging out :)..Good luck! I'm in a rush but I was in a sorority in undergrad too...I'll shoot you a PM when I get the chance :)
I was our social chair at a southern big 12 school so I hear you about being a sorority girl at heart. I LOVE my sorority and my sisters and it was a huge part of my undergraduate experience. All my best friends are sisters. I'm lucky in that my campus has a YP meeting that includes a fair amount of the Greek community (and to be honest and shallow when I came in the upper tier Greeks I related too.) have you considered talking to an advisor or your house mom? Those are generally safer. Are there some more mature seniors or girls with hard majors who can't go out as much? Does your campus have a counseling center with someone who helps with addiction? ..Don't worry about dating. In sobriety I dated guys much much better. I was surprised by how mature they were. A few guys like the one I'm dating now never would have dated me back then. ..We talk about throwing ourselves into service work a lot in this sub and you have a whole sorority you can help! Volunteer to take those terrible positions that make it harder to drink. ..Find a good women in 12 step recovery group. More than a YP group a women's group may teach you how to act and behave as a lady and what it feels like to be respected by other women. That has been so important as I've graduated and outgrown the Greek undergrad system. 
[deleted]
You sound like me.  It's so hard to see outside of your social group when you are so tightly enmeshed in a culture that is so about drinking.  Of course the people around you want you to continue to drink because they are thinking of their own fun time not your depression or your struggles.  What helps me is to envision myself in 5 or 10 years if I don't break this cycle.  ..Have you been able to stay sober long enough to notice a difference in your feelings once you have really dried out?  Do you find that your depression or anxiety lessen?  Try to go 10 days just to see.  When I was drinking multiple times a week I honestly felt that the depression and anxiety could eventually make me try suicide because it was so inescapable and so painful.  After 10 days of sobriety with no other positive action except NOT drinking (ie no therapy not really trying to change my thinking) I felt like a completely different person.  Coworkers asked "Who ARE you? You're so...perky."  I'm not saying this will happen with you but how can you ever get your bearings if you're constantly traumatizing your body and nervous system with poisons you know?  ..You don't seem to be especially obsessed with how your crowd will judge you or you don't mention it much but just remember that this is such a temporary time.  In a few years your life will be completely different and you may regret hurting yourself just to keep in step with your crew.  One way to manage your disappointment is to expect the worst: if you announce to your friends that you want to be sober expect them to be shitty about it.  If you get mocked or minimized or told that you don't have a problem when you know you do blow it off and don't take their words to heart.  Drinking makes you feel bad - what argument or conversation could possibly dispell that?  Try to take the kindest and best care of yourself the way you would take care of a loved one or a child who was vulnerable and in your care.  ..I think you are very wise and introspective to realize at your age that drinking is a big contributing factor to your problems.  All of the smarts in the world mean nothing until you apply them though.  Good luck to you and keep coming back here!
The main thing you need to keep in mind is that if you have a drinking problem and you don't stay sober - everything else won't matter anyway...It really is as simple as that. You want to hit up the party scene as an alcoholic? Go for it. But there is a very good chance that if you do your grades will slip you'll lose your job and you won't keep any friends due to your actions while you drink...As we say in the program keep it simple and first things first. Without sobriety you won't get *anything* out of college. There are other facets to college life besides being a sister and going out a lot! Run for council! Join or start a club! Become a bookworm or join a team!..Don't let the inability to experience one aspect of college life keep you from enjoying ALL of it. It's gonna be okay you'll see :)
Welcome!..I am a recently graduated fraternity "party boy" from one of the oldest chapters of one of the oldest fraternities at an SEC school so I know exactly what you speak of. I was constantly (though not consciously) enabled by my pledge brothers to continue my downward spiral of alcoholism. I even had to leave school for a semester to seek treatment but there is good news in this. I graduated. I didn't have the best time in the world during my last semester of college there wasn't much great sobriety in my town. I was the only attendee under 30 at all save for maybe one meeting in my 7 months back at school. It sucked and yes college is no place to try sobriety. I can't say that it was easy it's the hardest thing you'll probably ever have to do and as you can see I still slip up to this day but it's a work in progress that I feel like I am starting to get control of...I know that feeling like what the fuck am I going to do when my brothers/sisters call me up to go to pint night? What about functions? Formals? Swaps? Mixers? I paid all this money to be in a sorority/fraternity so that I could make connections/friends and I can't imagine life without it. I struggled with this for about 6 months before the decision was made FOR me to leave. You don't want that trust me. If you can get a hold of this now you will be SO much better off in the future. ..Dating in sobriety HA! It's awful in college I know full well but again it's like anything new that you try it's a work in progress. But I will say this if you don't drink that is so much more attractive than a girl who just gets shit-faced at functions and is constantly called to standards. My girlfriend now is the standards chair at a VERY prestigious chapter of her sorority and the stories I hear are all pretty sad/terrifying. ..It's easy to be removed from your situation and just say "Oh well you're there to get a degree focus on that and don't party any more" but unfortunately that's about all you can do. Learn a lesson from me you cannot be expected to be in Greek Life as an alcoholic (if you believe you are one) without some serious sobriety. That is torture to subject yourself to it made me relapse a time or two out of pure frustration/depression. ..Anyways sorry to rant I just saw a lot of similarities in your post to my own struggle for sobriety. Feel free to message me any time if you need someone to talk to and good luck on your journey.
At the morning AA meeting the woman next to me said I was a normal person until I went to college and became a practicing alcoholic.  A lot of us were "normal" people or striving to be normal.  When I was in college I spent my weekends following a certain legendary local band where I experienced my first real "binge" drinking.  Hindsight tells me that this was not an achievement to be proud of.  Actually the most fun I had during those years were when I could remember the event without a feeling of shame and remorse--in other words I wasn't drinking.  I think it boils down to who do you want to be?  What do you want to accomplish.? Sobriety is your best bet in life to become the authentic you.
hi! welcome! i am a 23/f and i could have written this myself a couple years ago. ..you know sobriety is right for you you said it yourself. perhaps the people around you while supportive are doubting your alcoholism because they're in denial of their own drinking problems. or perhaps not. perhaps they just don't notice that you're frequently blacking out don't know that deep down you're a depressed person they don't feel the remorse you feel. imo the bottom line for someone young who thinks they need to stop drinking: To Thine Own Self Be True. you know yourself. you know what you need. no one else knows you like you do. you must trust yourself and have faith in yourself and your decision to stop...i am grateful every day for deciding to stop drinking while in college i only wish i had the strength to do it sooner before i fucked more shit up for myself. drinking only made my problems with depression and anxiety worse deeper more embedded and twisted and tangled. in sobriety you can start to unravel those threads that are tugging at you deep down and figure out how to live your best life. the stress start to alleviate as you have more and more sober days. ..right now don't worry about dating or what your friends think about your decision. your job right now is to stay sober and go to class and to be able to go to bed at night knowing you stayed sober and to give yourself props for that. go easy on yourself. if you feel lonely talk to someone. if you feel sad think to yourself "well at least i'm not drinking" and go for a walk or watch a funny tv show. if you need support don't be afraid to reach out.  ..as far as the AA meetings go you've just gotta have an open mind and try more. it took me many tries to get into AA because i really wanted to hate it but it gave me what i needed: support while i was trying to stop drinking. some meetings just won't do it for ya and oh well no harm no foul you can try another. creepy people? ignore them. tell them you're there to get sober not hook up. go to women's meetings. make yourself share even if you're scared to. you will be welcomed encouraged and you'll feel better having gotten some of that weight off of your shoulders. ..please don't hesitate to PM me if you want to rant or anything. you can do this. you're doing the right thing. have faith in yourself. &lt;3
It appears that some people are jumping on her friends for not being as supportive as they could be. But you have to realize the environment that she is in; how could you expect any of them to understand her problem from the outset? Did your best friends (not the people you drank/used with) understand initially? I know mine sure as hell didn't and most thought I was being overdramatic/excessive too! ..I think for your friends to be more supportive you would have to socialize with them at places where drinks are being served and resist the temptation and stick to your guns about sobriety. Unfortunately that is SUPER dangerous in early sobriety and to me is not worth it. I tried it out and it didn't work for me and I slipped even further into depression/anxiety...I know that no one here is giving you that great of short-term advice but to be honest this situation has no easy answer except to not drink. It means probably having to avoid functions bars whatever for the foreseeable future and probably for the rest of your time at school. It was too much for me to handle and maybe you are a more resilient individual than myself but only YOU can decide that (but be honest!). ..southern_cricket put it well albeit bluntly. "Who do you want to be?" Getting sober in college sucks you may feel like your best drinking years are still ahead of you but unfortunately that might not be the case for you anymore. For me it came down to wanting to have alcohol or everything else. That made my answer pretty easy.
I got sober in high school went to college joined a sorority - have 25 years sober.  College was one of the best times of my life and I was sober. One of my college boyfriends was the president of the stoner fraternity - he got sober too.  ..Part of getting sober for me was realizing that drinking was not a positive thing for me. Any "fun" that was related wasn't worth the blackouts the shame etc.  It might work fine for some people but not for me.  ..Fun is always great for a good time. Fun and alcohol are not the same thing. Being outgoing and alcohol are not the same thing.  HOWEVER what is "fun" while drunk may not end up being the same things that are "fun" while sober.  I went to frat parties while in college but not as many as some of my other sisters.  The conversations that were cute the first time weren't the 100th time.  The smoke and dirtiness bothered me more when sober.  I enjoyed some of the other sorority stuff much more like doing rush planning parties doing the charity work. I liked mixers but if there wasn't anyone there that I was interested in I usually left early.  ..Part of getting sober is getting to know yourself - what you really enjoy what stresses you out what lifts you up. It is not the same for everyone. I am mixture of very social and very introverted. I have to really stay on top of the HALTS stuff (hungry angry lonely tired sick)  or I get very negative.  Some people find that they hate cocktail parties once they get sober. I like cocktail parties if I am in the mood because I love to chat and get to know new people. I learned that I am very particular about where I see live music.  I used to go to tons of clubs shows etc.  Quitting smoking took the shine off of that for me. I am small and once I got sober I started to really dislike being shoved and stepped on at shows.   Of course I am much older now too and lots of people get annoyed by that as they get older...I like parties where there was a reason to be there other than just drinking - like a hot guy I liked or a good band or some activity.  ..I went to a LOT of meetings.  I had a regular meetings that I went to and probably hit 4-5 meetings per week even during finals. I did lots of sober activities like going to Fun in the Sun with my sober friends and ICYPAA conventions.  I had best friends in the program and out of the program. LOTS of support...You may drift away from a few people as your interests change related to quitting drinking - but that happens in life anyway so it while it can be sad - it's just part of life. Some are friends for a reason or a season and just sometimes for a lifetime. It's been surprising to me who I still have regular contact with.  Some of my best friends are still my main sorority friends from college. None are alcoholic but are "normies".    I still have lots of friends that are sober...FYI - I was very well known for my crazy behavior at parties while drinking.  I still tend to be outgoing and the life of the party.  However I remember what I do and it tends to be positive and not too embarrassing. For example while drunk I might say embarrassing things and take my top off. Now I sing Santa Baby at karaoke and do a good job and have it put on You Tube by the party host. Still the life of party - no shame...Edit to add: One of the interesting things that I learned about myself is that don't seem to have anywhere near the same "shame/embarrassment" threshold as others. If there is something I want to do I tend to do it. This is great because I am not as limited as some people. I will sing in public try something and fail do things I want even if they aren't popular. This is the key to being the life of the party. Being willing to try something - it gives others the courage to try.  Most people need a drink to be where I live all the time. It's one of my favorite things about myself.  When I was younger I wished I was more ladylike and reserved and I really admired quiet reserved people. I now realize that it takes all types to make the world go round an Ima be me.
Sounds like you need a different city. Look Young People's meeting in large cities. I would go so far as to say move. ..I went home recently and attended meetings. I was grateful I got sober in a big city because I struggled to feel at home and confident in meetings where I was the youngest by 20 years and the only female. ..Remember no matter all you have to do to stay sober today is not take that first drink. Those people aren't your friends if they can't support you. 
OH MY GOD. You are me in college. I was in a sorority and from 18-22 that (and partying) was my identity. My idea of fun was frat hopping or bar hopping with my sisters and getting wasted. Drunk became the only way I knew to have fun..Atone point I told someone I wanted to join AA and they said "this is college!" Just like your friend. I used that moment for years to justify my behavior..Here's the thing- for me this behavior didn't end in college. I moved to areas to be around bar culture. Instead of working out or doing something productive after I got a "real job" I convinced people to go to happy hour. In so many ways I am still the 22 year old sorority girl. .I am almost one month sober now for the first time in over ten years. The is literally he longest I have gone without alcohol since I was 16 or 17. In one month I already feel more like myself. My anxiety has reduced in a way I never thought possible without medication. I find that I'm sad fewer days. I spent a Christmas and a New Years sober and started to learn how to behave publicly without a drink. My life is so much better from 26 days without alcohol that I want to kick myself in the ass for not quitting when I wanted to those years ago. For me drinking stunted my growth. .I know you'll find your path but as a former sororty girl I want you to know I understand the pressure there is to party. If you think you have a problem just try 30 days without it. See what happens. Your sisters witll support you no matter what and the ones that won't aren't worth a damn. I thought I would stay connected with my house for my entire life but in all honesty you'll only maintain the meaningful connections- and they're the ones likely to support you. .I hope this helps and that it was t too much of a ramble..
