-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ufdjg/check_inneed_some_support_please/

Hi guys ..Hope the last three or so weeks have been good to you all Christmas/New Year was quite tough personally for sure but I managed by taking time-outs periodically and focusing my mind on why I don't drink anymore (because I hurt/embarrass/injure myself and can be nasty to others). ..I went to a few house parties over Christmas and tonight I went to a few bars for a friend's birthday. I can handle bars Ok (I haven't got the money to waste in bars to be honest) and I've been experimenting with mocktails drinking red bull grape juice and such like but despite being absolutely resolute never to drink again I must admit I am absolutely bored shitless. ..This isn't the 1st time I've tried to cut alcohol from my life I managed a good three months in 2012 I felt great then fell off the wagon hard...I drink to numb myself often socially but mostly on supermarket booze when sad at home alone. Maaaaan I wanted to go home and zone out tonight so bad. I struggle with my conversational confidence when sober; I think more clearly and therefore more deeply about things tie myself in knots then get paranoid about how people perceive me. I know it's bad to say this but I think I was much better company in crowds when I was drinking. ..I don't really know the point of this post. I just wanted to vent and discuss my emotions. /stopdrinking has been a great help to me recently and I'm sure one of you must have combated similar feelings so I just wanted to talk I suppose. ..Anyway stay positive we can beat this stupid fucking poison.
----------immediate responses--------

A few things. If you are looking for someone to talk to I think you should a) come to the chat in the right hand side of the screen (IRC) and talk to people. If you want you can also go to an AA meeting and get phone numbers from members/talk to people when stuff comes up like this. ..With that said Im glad you made it back. My suggestion is you find stuff to do that doesn't require you being around alcohol. I'm not suggesting you never do anything to put alcohol in your sight/stay locked up in your house. We get sober to live life. But going to a bar to test your will power is not wise IMO. You can do this with the help of a support group and taking it one day at a time. Keep coming man!
Critical hours for me are 6-9 pm.  That's when the shitty little alkie troll comes popping up to sweet-talk me.  I've been telling it out loud to fuck off seems to work.  ..I keep myself busy learn some new songs on the uke watch a movie do my academic research etc.  I also make sure to have lots of fizzy soda at home and eat a good nutritious dinner.  The troll retreats by 9:30 and by 10:00 the little piece of shit has disappeared...I assume this is just due to habit; those are the hours I would almost always do my home self medication.  
It sounds like you've already stopped drinking for a few weeks so on that I must congratulate you! that's great! However if you "hurt/embarrass/injure [your]self and can be nasty to others" you are definitely NOT better company in crowds when you were drinking. What's important to remember in tough times is not so much the person you were when you were drinking but who you can be when you're not. For this I would advise you to check out an AA meeting. They really do help I didn't believe it until I went myself. When I stopped drinking I also went out to parties and continued to hang out with people who were getting drunk..it was tough. I'm not sure its the best way to go about it. I think a big part of getting sober is giving yourself alone time. Sometimes it feels good to be at home watching a good movie and getting a good night's rest on the weekends. But hey try out a bunch of different ways to stay sober and see what works. leave the rest. stay strong 
Hey good job getting through the holidays!  ..Have you considered that you might not have been better in crowds while drinking but rather you might simply have not noticed or cared? Those are two different things. You may be overthinking this a bit. .. Often I've noticed people aren't paying nearly as much attention to you as they they are to themselves. One thing that sometimes helps me is to play on this human tendency by focusing on the other person(s) completely. Really trying to listen to what they are saying and asking them lots about themselves.  Takes the focus off you and also people LOVE talking about themselves so interestingly they will perceive you as cool/interesting/a good listener.  ..This helps me a lot with social anxiety.  However I will say the more drinks are in a person the more boring they get in my opinion. So I personally try not to hang in bars TOO much and I try to leave any social gathering when the crowd I'm with moves from about he second drink into the third. Just my rule of thumb.  Nothing wrong with chillin at the crib.
&gt;I drink to numb myself often socially but mostly on supermarket booze when sad at home alone...This is the kind of drinker I am.  Can take it or leave it in a social situation but go home and drown my troubles in oblivion...&gt;I must admit I am absolutely bored shitless...I am usually bored shitless hanging around drunk people or sitting around at bars watching people get drunk.  It's one thing to go to bars and do something like watch a football game together or hear a certain band.  But just to sit there and sip juice while everyone else slowly drinks themselves stupid - of course that's boring.  I've had to face up to the fact that I don't like light conversation or casual socializing.  I'd rather be doing something.  Anything.  Even alone.  Being around people and talking "small talk" just makes me *more* lonely...I got 10 months sober a year ago and then basically sacrificed it on the altar of trying to be more social.  Screw that.  I can play my guitar piano drums work on my three novels play any of 50 video/PC games work on my bike (or in better weather ride it) bake bread cook some food to eat all week work out read a book read another book talk on Reddit listen to music watch movies and on and on and on and on.  Life's too short to sit around being bored with a bunch of people just because we're programmed to think that's what people do.
The hardest part for me right now are the weekends. I used to stay up till like 2 or 3 just drinking. Now I realize passing out at 10 or so is part of the new life. Hell I took over the counter sleeping pills for the first 5 days. .. I don't view it as boring now. I view it as finally growing up and facing the music. We've done our partying now it's time to move to better more responsible things. Stay strong for all of us here.
There is very little going on at drinking events other than people using a damaging substance to artificially stimulate the part of the brain that has evolved to register exhilaration and pleasure. Fortunately there are actual activities that can do the same thing. Search them out and do some. Recovery is exactly as awesome as we make it. Learning how to live sober is the next phase. You're going to love it.
