-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1uhxsv/my_first_alcohol_free_weekend/

Firstly thank you all for giving me unbeknownst support. Reading your struggles somehow helps. We have never met but a lot of us have or had the same experiences. My wife does not understand my struggles. I do not know why I drank too much. Other than the normal sorrows and hardships I have no unusual crutch. Truthfully I have a lot to live for and be happy for. I do not know why I have a problem with alcohol...Unfortunately my first weekend was pretty rough. ..Friday: my car broke down. This was my third day of not drinking. The stress and anxiety caused by being broke down on the side of the road mixed with the anxiety of not yet having a drink on a Friday evening turned into the image of me sipping a tall glass of a very aromatic IPA. Just thinking about this stripped some of my anxiety. But I didn't because I have to stop now. Not tomorrow...Saturday: woke up feeling real good with clear eyes and clear head. Got a lot of really productive stuff done. Things I haven't done for months and I did a bunch of those things in one day. Woke up early and hiked. Set up the budget for the year. Fixed my car. Cleaned/vacuumed my car and SO car. And by this time only half the day was gone. I felt like things were going great until my wife asked me for her car keys and I had no idea where they were. Because we haven't used the spare key in like a year we had no idea where it was. So several hours of searching and an evening of feeling like an idiot I wanted to drink bad. I dove into stopdrinking and Civilization 5 for a few hours and forgot all about the whole ordeal...Sunday: $140 for the locksmith..Anybody else struggling in their first few days?..Is it normal to not think clearly the first few days of not drinking? For the life of me I do not know what happened to those keys.  
----------immediate responses--------

I was in a daze for yonks!  Give it time!
| Anybody else struggling in their first few days? |..I felt like an alien!  Seriously it took me sometime to slow down and calm down; but it was the best decision of my life.  
Oh man is it normal to not think clearly the first few days? ABSOLUTELY! Give yourself a break we're all works in progress. Took me 90 days to clear up from the booze and about a year to clear up from the drugs (the fuzziness was different IMO).
First off congrats on stay strong and sober through the chaos!! You must have the inner peace of a ninja!.Yup my first few day I was a space cadet. I had anxiety and feeling of dread . It gets easier.
I really can't even remember my first days I was a wreck. I just remember standing in front of the coffee machine a lot.
