-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ujwob/made_a_healthy_choice_this_morning/

Oh it feels so good! For the past several months I've been attending a morning "boot camp" at my husband's gym because there is a new guy there trying to get a program off the ground. I just don't cotton to his personality or training style to the point where the ENTIRE time I am working out I have this internal dialogue of "shut the hell up shut UP shut UP!!!" But I kept going religiously three times a week. ..I was working out today looking at the glorious sunrise and finally said "You know what this is the last time I will be here." I'm a runner and I haven't been running since my daughter was born 10 months ago- for a number of reasons but really maybe because I'm afraid I won't be as good at it as I was...Anyhow running is zen for me. Doing push-ups indoors for a half hour cursing someone out in my head is decidedly NOT. (And I love working out in a group setting and hate personal trainers. This bootcamp guy hasn't managed to bring in a single client in the three months he's been running the camp so it is just me and him which makes it all the worse.)..I hate letting people down. I hate telling therapists hairstylists trainers etc. "this just is not working out for me." I wanted my husband to know I was supporting his nascent business. But I did it. And it feels so good. My time is precious with a young one I only have so much time. My workout time is my ME time not my "listen to this idiot yap my face off" time. ..Good riddance!..(Oh and I also signed up for me and my daughter's first tandem road race!)..ETA: This is relevant to sobriety because I think we all need to choose to do what feeds the soul and also get the 'nards to make choices for US. Lots of us struggle with "But what do I say when someone wants to buy me a drink..." etc. That's all part of the "not wanting to let people down" tick that ends up being self-defeating in my opinion. Hell I will sit there and pout over a disgusting restaurant meal and go hungry because I don't have the chonies to send it back you really expect me to say "No thanks" when someone wants to take me out for birthday drinks?
----------immediate responses--------

Yep. Birthday cake at at trendy coffee shop is tres chic. 
That's awesome.  Good for you.  And I definitely see how this relates to quitting.  I had similar issues trying not to let other people down.  One theme I've seen a lot in recovery is to learn to treat yourself like you'd treat someone else you love.  If your husband described the experience with the boot camp to you as his own you'd suggest he quit right?  So there you go!
Recovery is more about dealing with life less about how we deal specifically with alcohol. I enjoy posts like this because it takes the focus off of alcohol and onto how we deal with life...I hate bootcamp too and can relate! I recently stopped with my personal training and started doing my own workouts and man do I feel great. I feel free!
Yes.  A large part of sobering up for me has been figuring out what I really want. Do I want to do xyz (agree to that timesucking obligation/ meet that person at a bar/ whatever whatever)?  Or am I just used to saying "yes" to everyone else?  Very cool. Enjoy your running!
Running is my meditation too. It definitely staves off anxiety and depression(which obviously is good for sobriety) and also allows me to zone out and/or organize my thoughts. Congrats on signing up for the tandem race. Good luck! 
