-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1unorv/observations_and_weird_dreams/

Holy shit you guys.  It's been five days.  The last time I intentionally went five days without drinking was...I don't remember!...Some general observations and questions for the community:...1. My withdrawal symptoms were gone by day two (they usually only last a day since I don't drink heavily on a day-to-day basis)....2. My thoughts are much more clear and I'm incredibly cheery and energetic (placebo effect or not I'm stoked on it)....3. I already feel much less bloated....4. I have SOOO MUCH ENERGY.  I know I already mentioned it but so much so that everyone at my office keeps joking that I'm on crack.  Although this could be the increased coffee+sugary creamer consumption and the fact that I'm eating a lot healthier and drinking a shitton more water everyday.  ...5. DREAMS.....This is what I have questions about.  Is it normal to have drinking dreams?  Like I'll seriously wake up panicking next to my SO after dreaming that I got wasted and did something awful to him and it'll take me a minute to realize I'm totally sober and didn't drink last night.  I had another weird dream where I got my dad a beer while we were out and caused him to relapse (he's over 20 years sober).  These sort of dreams have continued to happen nightly.  It's bizarre....6. Edit to add a sixth observation: Insomnia.  I have developed some serious insomnia since quitting drinking.  Is this normal?  When will it clear up?  A lot of it might have to do with the constant anxiety I have every night when I get into bed.  I guess it's not all well and good for me ha. ...Is all of this in my head?  I have to admit I was mostly just looking to do a month of sobriety for "Dry January" but with the added bonuses of weight loss energy wit I didn't even know I had and all around clear-headedness I could be in this for the long haul!  One day at a time I suppose....Anyway thanks for being here r/stopdrinking!  You guys rule.
----------immediate responses--------

1. You are very lucky 2.We call it the Pink Cloud. Common phenomenon the actual origin of which...no idea! 3. True and thank goodness. 4.Sounds like a little mania not necessarily clinical but keep an eye on it even in the mildest cases there might be a let down coming along behind it. 5. Drinking dreams are common. Such a relief to wake up still sober. 6. See 4. Welcome to recovery. It's quite a ride.
Drinking dreams are common. I think that if you wake up worried from a drinking dream its a good sign. Really its just another nightmare. Instead of using a scary monster you brain uses drinking now. It's another boogeyman...I had some insomnia troubles when I first quit drinking too. I think there are a few reasons any of which might apply to you. You could be used to *passing out* instead of *falling asleep* so you body and brain need to adjust. You could be drinking more caffeine than is healthy. (Either for something to drink or because you are used to coffee-ing your way through a hangover.) Are you a smoker? That might be keeping you up. If you can limit your intake of caffeine nicotine and sugar especially in the afternoon and evening it will help you sleep better. Its easy to get in a bad cycle of sleep poorly-&gt;drink lots of coffee-&gt; repeat. Getting a little direct sunlight and exercise (even light exercise) during the day helps a lot too. Also just simply giving yourself time. It takes time to adjust to new habits...Good luck.
yeah 5 days! good for you. ..I didn't sleep for the first 5-6 nights. I was a ball of anxiety and crazy thinking. plus i had a mouse in the wall and that noise had me sitting up in bed feeling creeped out all night. i trapped the mouse (and his boyfriend) got ear plugs and said the serenity prayer every night and the anxiety got lots better. and once I started getting real sleep my daytime anxiety got better too. I only check to make sure the stove's off and the door's locked once before leaving the house now! good luck and keep going!
