-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1upnho/a_reason_to_celebrate/

Today is a week sober for me and while I know it's nothing but a drop in the bucket I am so proud and excited to be able to say I've been sober for a full week.  Every time I've considered quitting in the past I have immediately sabotaged myself by thinking "I couldn't possibly go a the weekend without drinking forget it!"  I might start with some resolve (and a serious hang over) Monday morning but by Monday night I would remind myself that it's not like I could even go a whole week without drinking so why bother?  So after six years of daily black out drinking having a full week including the weekend under my belt feels like a huge triumph.  I left work struggling with the familiar feeling of looking forward to my "me time"- i.e. getting drunk by myself while zoning out in front of the TV.  I was disappointed when I got home and my husband was not feeling well (and therefore not able to acknowledge my success).  But instead of pouting I decided to celebrate by letting him sleep in getting the kids ready and off to school and cooking myself a big breakfast.  I have so much energy and hope right now I don't ever want to go back to that dark selfish place.  Thank you all for being there and sharing your stories.  I see my darkest moments over and over and it reminds me daily hourly that I want this life now. 
----------immediate responses--------

In this day you have exactly what you want. Everyday of our sobriety is a triumph. The day counters are just a celebration of a lot of days that we made the decision to be present for. This day is the one we are living. Congratulations.
Good for you!
We are both kind of at 'drop in the bucket' status.  That said I'm a week ahead...;-).  How about this?  You keep trying to catch me and I'll keep trying to stay a week ahead?!  Win win..Some here bash the badges.  Not me I'm proud as heck of my 2 weeks and I absolutely celebrate your transition from happy face to circle status.  
A big high 5 for 7 days! When we don't take the first drink we have the freedom of making good choices as you did. 
Way to go!!  It is really nice to be able to share this stuff and be supported by other people who are either in the same situation or have trod this road.  Good on ya for making a good decision.  
