-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1uqamm/i_had_my_first_drinking_dream/

Man was that fucking weird. I'd gone to the bar with a good friend of fifteen years. We met a couple guys and I felt really pressured to drink so I did. I kept rationalizing it by saying "I'm only having Coors light" and "I only had four."..But I felt horrible guilt the entire dream. The guys ended up being gross pigs and not even worth spending a relapse on. The entire time I was thinking "Great now I have to reset my badge." ..When I woke up I felt the same relief felt when waking from a dream about the death of a loved one. I realized that this subreddit gives me accountability. It's something I report to every day to keep me honest. I was so fucking happy to realize it was only a dream...Also the bartender was Tom Hardy. So it wasn't all that bad.
----------immediate responses--------

I also had my first and so far only drinking dream on day 11.  I got halfway through a heady (I am acquainted with one of the brewers and we were at his house drinking 'seconds') and realized...."Holy shit I gave up drinking like a week ago" like I seriously just forgot.  I remember thinking that if I wasn't catching a buzz it didn't count..... "Am I catching a buzz????....yep damnit"  I felt miserable.  Woke up feeling hung over but when I realized it was just a dream elation..
Good job /u/soberNJ.  Keep putting sober days together.
I have relapse dreams every once in a while it is bizarre how frighteningly real they feel. The sense of guilt and shame that accompanies the dreams also feel all too familiar. I couldn't help but chuckle at Tom Hardy being the bartender in your dream glad you could find humor from the experience
I get them too... think of it as free passes to practice I guess?
I've had dozens of drinking and using dreams over the years.  More so when I was newly sober than recently but I still have the occasional one.  Glad you're not letting it bog you down as they shouldn't.
The relief to wake up and realize "It was all a dream". I just lie in bed and practice my gratitude.
