-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1uqj5r/another_one_of_you_at_one_week/

As I have mentioned before I once succeeded at a 6-month stretch at which point I realized I could "handle it" again. Well I couldn't. Luckily I noticed that before it really got too bad...This week's surprises:..- insanely intense dreams. I hadn't even noticed how my dreams had gone away...- relapse dreams. Two nights in a row I have hyper-vivid dreams of being in a bar saying I don't drink but then deciding one beer is ok. And yes the horrible crushing guilt. Waking up feeling so relieved...- rushes of energy. I have wanted more time to play with my kid feeling desire to excercise (I had been in denial about how lazy I had become recently)...- yes I have been irritable a bit but at the same time nothing like the irrational anger i was feeling while drinking. ..- i have finally found "soft drinks" that i like. peppermint oil in a glass of water is nice and bracing not unlike a refreshing cocktail in some ways. sparkling grapefruit drink (la croix brand has no sugar no calories just grapefruit essence in water). plain sparkling water with a couple drops of lime oil it is almost like a gin and tonic in crisp refreshingness but zero calories. peppermint tea...- i've actually felt my cloudy depression lift dramatically am optimistic for the first time in many many months...I do have a nerve-wracking weekend coming up going on a business trip with someone whom I have had a lot of beer with in the past. He is health-conscious so I think will not balk when I decline but I am still nervous about it since we will inevitably go out for dinner etc...thanks all y'all and good luck to you...
----------immediate responses--------

Nice job on 7 days!..The mind and body go a bit bonkers at first when quitting the drink.  Just hang onto your ass and it'll pass.  Most likely that optimistic attitude will last for awhile here so use it to propel you into continuing to develop healthy habits...I'd suggest getting a hold of the business trip buddy prior to and letting him know you're not drinking so that's not additional stress for you during the trip.
Great progress! Stay strong this week end. Remember you can always slip away to drop a line here for added resolve.
CONGRATS!! ..Just take the weekend one hour at a time. You can do it! I discovered Lavender Kombucha (I've always been a huge kombucha person but hadn't had lavender before the other day)- it's very cocktaily and scratches the "adult drink" itch.
I also forgot to mention something else that improved:..For a while I was waking up at about 3am every night in a state of terror/depression. I thought it was work-related and maybe some of it was... but it has gone away...I also don't wake up in the middle of the night to pee while feeling like I might faint holding onto the wall in the bathroom. I had almost forgotten how normal that had become until it stopped.
I love Grapefruit La Croix!  I have also discovered all kinds of herbal teas now that I enjoy.  I'll have to try the lime oil I've never seen anything like that where do you buy it?
I also succeeded at a 6-month hiatus about 8 years ago.  Not so easy this time.  This time after several failed attempts I'm far better prepared and really celebrated my 1-week.  Looking forward to hitting my 2-week mark in a couple of days...It sounds like you are doing great though and none of the withdraw symptoms seem novel.  Strike up a conversation with your co-worker early on about being health-conscious.  Maybe it is a New Years Resolution.  Then you don't have to worry about it...You've got this under control and access (here) to great advice and support.  Can't wait to hear you've hit 2-weeks!
