-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v1sxl/trouble_with_unsupportive_friends/

Hello all!..This is my second go at sober life. I really relapsed hard for the past few months and my drug use was at an all time high for me. I've decided to quit again after a terrible alcohol/cocaine binge on New Years that left me feeling in the worst physical and mental state. Anyways I am almost a week clean now thanks to copious amounts of bed rest and netflix. :)..My "friends" are being real dicks about my decision to me. They went out last night bar crawling and when I declined to join them she went on and talked crap about me to everyone. My other friend is whining saying that I'm being boring for not wanting to hang out. I do care about them as friends cause we've known each other for so long but they just can't fathom why anyone would want to stop using? I guess I just feel shunned. Any advice is appreciated. Thanks for letting me share :)
----------immediate responses--------

They sound like awesome friends.
Sadly these are not friends. They are merely drinking buddies. True friends would support your decision. They are probably threatened by you because of their own alcohol abuse. ..It's time to make some changes. You cannot continue the same lifestyle you had and stay sober. I went to AA meetings where I received support from experts witnessed role models learned sober coping skills and made sober friends. It's easier and more fun to stay sober when you have a group of like-minded people cheering you on. 
Sounds like getting out and making some sober friends would be great! Don't think this only happens in AA or a recovery group (though that is a great place!) Chances are a running club yoga class or something else that requires being up and conscious on a weekend morning would be a great place to find them as well!
Whine whinge and complain. If it wasn't my own alcoholic mind it was my alcoholic friends. I've got new sober friends now and they know how to put my ism's in check. God bless them.
Congratulations on your new sobriety.
