-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v63k2/how_did_i_feel_so_powerful/

Tonight I went to a bar where I used to play pool. When I went to the bathroom I was struck by visions of my previous self in the stall. I was suddenly aware of all the nights I'd spent in the bathroom (you know when I was having *so much fun*). How many nights did I cheerfully force myself to vomit in a spiral of self-congratulation and drunken lunacy? How many times did I sit on that toilet slumped against the cool (and rarely cleaned) stall? I spent more evenings than I could count composing myself in that restroom talking to myself swaying and stumbling and struggling with my jeans. I've spent whole days of my life facing that toilet and bracing myself pushing against the stall walls as though they were going to collapse on me (just as the rest of my life had). I've spent years spinning in that bathroom hoping only to recover enough to keep drinking. I've nearly passed out there several times. I've pissed my pants there once (I couldn't get them down in time). But I felt so in control. I thought I had life figured out. What on earth was I thinking?!
----------immediate responses--------

I figure back when I was drinking I wasn't thinking much. And when I was thinking it was about drinking. That sounded terribly cheesy but it's true.
And what were you doing in that bar? You know bars are off limits until you have 71 and a half days! :)..Great read. I too was amazed by what a little time between the present and the last drink could do to my perspective...&gt; ...vomit in a spiral of self-congratulation and drunken lunacy.....OK you've clearly got the talent for colorful prose. I think you owe us a poem!
Great to hear from you! You've got a way with words alright. Thanks for sharing them with us. I have some vague very distant but true non the less memories like yours. Never going back!
I read the whole of this post before I noticed I wasn't on /r/powershell
Ah yes the bathroom spin! Even though I wasn't a bar person I remember it well. Nice to hear from you CEO.
