-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v6wq9/starting_out_one_thing_that_worries_me/

Hey. I have come to realise that I need to get control over my drinking and that's why I have joined this sub. I'm not sure if many would class me as an alcoholic maybe just a binge drinker but in my mind it makes no odds. My personal circumstances are slightly unusual and that's why I was hoping someone might have experience or advice...Basically I work in a job where I am away from home for two weeks at a time in an alcohol-free environment. Surprisingly I don't struggle at all with this because I know that the booze just isn't available and for some reason that just means I manage without it fairly well. However I then have two weeks at home where I am totally free of obligation and this is when I really struggle to keep any sort of control over my habits...I typically have a few pints when I get back then a "carry-out" for the train back to my city. It's a 3 hour journey and I will also tend to stop in at a few pubs on the walk back to my flat. I have not arrived home sober for as long as I can remember. In my time off I always love catching up with different groups of friends and that typically involves drinking to some extent. Also I am available to drink every night if I want to because I don't need to be up and about for anything the next day...My issue is that although I can handle 2 weeks sobriety due to work without issue I can never seem to decline the opportunity to drink when I get home. It feels like I go crazy with the freedom - just having a quiet night in catching up on tv? Buy a 70cl of Vodka and make it more entertaining. Meeting a mate at 10am? Go and play pool somewhere you can buy a pint...Does anyone have any experience with this type of "forced sobriety" period due to work or other commitments? How did you handle the "freedom". Or does anyone have any general advice for how to still be sociable without ending up drinking? Sorry if this doesn't make a huge amount of sense I'm just firing from the hip here.
----------immediate responses--------

Binge drinking can easily be an early stage of alcoholism. Just saying. Making plans for your off time that involve activities not centered around drinking would be a good idea. Some of the people you already know might be interested in them some wont. That's OK because you'll be meeting new people who like life with out getting sozzled. If you find that you have a hard time keeping your mind off of drinking after a while then it's time to get serious about substance recovery. Welcome.
Welcome. FYI binge drinking and a high tolerance are symptoms of alcoholism. If there is a history of alcohol abuse in your family you are at risk for the disease. ..This is a good subreddit for information and support. When I got sober I realized the majority of the population is sociable without being buzzed. Being tangled in the web of alcohol is not freedom. Just something to think about. 
On my own I cannot keep myself sober. Quitting is easy I've done it a thousand times. But over time left to my own devices my will power would crumble and I'd very rarely last more than a month or two. Then I'd tell myself "Well you've managed 2 months you can't be an alcoholic". There's a saying in AA that Alcoholism is the only illness that tells you you haven't got it. And how true that is. ..So invariably I convince myself to "just have one drink to take the edge off. One drink and then stop". Of course once I got one drink in side me I want another and sooner or later I'd e finishing off the bottle and going out and getting a new one. After taking one drink all best were off...The only thing I've found in 23 years of drinking alcoholically that prevents me from taking that first drink is regular attendance of AA meetings. As long as I keep my attendance up and keep practising the principles for recovery that I learn from taking AA's 12 steps the thought of a drink doesn't ever enter my head. The obsession that one day I'll be able to have just one drink and be OK left me quite a few years ago instead I'm able to think of far better ways of enjoying myself than snuggling up to 70cl if vodka...Good luck
I am fine with periods of forced sobriety too. I am a marathoner and triathlete and do periods of no drinking in the lead-up to a race. It is just not an option so I just don't think about it or struggle. Other times though? All bets are off.
[deleted]
It can be a slippery slope. Some people don't consider themselves alcoholics because they don't drink during the day even though they may drink every night. Other people get drunk only on weekends. Even though your periods of "forced sobriety" may be longer I am not sure that they are all that different! :) ...My point is that you've said a lot about your drinking habits but how does drinking make you feel? Everyone has a different idea of what is appropriate drinking behavior. I think a lot of us here thought we were OK when we first started drinking but somewhere along the road that started to change. But unfortunately many times you don't realize the change has already been made until you are finally looking back..
