-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1v8c8p/my_friend_is_planning_to_drink_tonight_need_advice/

Hey guys. I'm really grateful for these helpful communities. I've read a lot but this is my first time posting. ..I'm really concerned about my friend. He's been clean and sober for almost 2 years now and I never thought he would be in danger of going back out although I know it can happen to anybody. I found out last night though that he's planning to drink tonight. ..He's worked as a waiter at a 5-star restaurant for a while and found out the other night that they're shutting it down. So he's losing his job all of a sudden which I imagine is making him want to drink. The restaurant is going to be giving away anything and everything tonight. Anything you want to order food or drink will be free. So he's decided he wants to take advantage of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and have "a glass" of some $700-a-bottle wine. ..I don't blame him one bit..  Hell I want to go and get plastered myself! But it just sounds like such a bad idea. I can't imagine it'll be one glass. He seems to have already made up his mind. He's told his sponsor a few friends and coworkers and everyone has told him he shouldn't do it. I'm impressed by his honesty. When I've relapsed I didn't tell anybody beforehand. I just did it. I didn't want anybody to try to dissuade me from it. ..At least he's talking about it. And he's said he's been having these moments of clarity when he realizes it's probably not a good idea. But he's planning to go through with it anyway. I know there's nothing anybody can really do to stop this except him but if anybody has some words of advice or wisdom they're willing to share I'd really appreciate it. I figure the more input the better...Thank you so much.
----------immediate responses--------

If you can't talk him out of the glass of wine can you talk to him about his plan to not drink any more after that glass of wine?  What actions will he take to ensure that he does not drink more?  Maybe if he thinks about it in a way that is future oriented where he has to consider the effects of this glass of wine and the potential problems it may cause AFTER he drinks it he will think twice about actually drinking.  ..I'm not sure just spitballing here....
Think about doctors &amp; nurses who work in ICU units.  Many of the patients end up dying. Nothing they can do about it it just comes with the territory. The way they manage to keep that job &amp; not go bonkers is by 1) not getting emotionally invested and 2) realizing that they can only do so much.  This is the same sort of thing.  ..The longer you stay sober the more &amp; more you'll see people relapse.  Strangers acquaintances friends all of 'em.  People you once thought of as being rock solid will relapse.  If you're not careful it will destroy you. I think it's important to not get too emotionally invested in another person's sobriety. ..Your friend is making a terrible decision.  Deciding to give up two years of sobriety because some rotting foodstuff has a big price tag on it?  If I had a "free" $700 bottle of wine tonight it would surely cost me much more than $700 over the next few months because I have no doubt that I'd eventually start drinking every night.  Kinda reminds me of how drug dealers hand out free samples.  "First one's free kids!"..I doubt that the $700 bottle of wine is the real reason your friend is relapsing.  I think it's much more likely that he's been looking for an excuse for a while now and he finally found one.  They say that relapse starts long before the addict takes the first drink.  That he thinks the price tag on a bottle of alcohol makes it any more or less desirable is not a sign of someone who has been doing well...Some of the best advice I ever read here was from /u/hardman52 who said it was passed on to him a long time ago.  "Watch other people they'll make your mistakes for you so you won't have to make them yourself."  I'm sure he said it in a much less awkward way but that's the gist of it.  Do that.  You can learn from this.
I wonder how many wine people could actually tell a $700 bottle from a $40 one. ..I always found the fetishization of wine to be kind of silly. Not the appreciating part I can dig that but the pretension that the highlight of the Art Of Living is drinking a certain kind of alcoholic beverage and then acting like you've been stabbed in the eye if it's not exactly the perfect pairing with the food.
I'm 100% devoted to my sobriety.  That said I'm glad nobody is offering me the chance to have a glass of wine from a $700 bottle.  On another note you'd think they could move that stuff rather than give it away. 
[deleted]
Drama! I've had to learn to take a step back from the self inflicted crises of other people. It can take everything I have sometimes to keep a hands off stance but people will do as they like regardless of our input. I'll express my view once. I'll be there for them if they need support after the fact. That's as much power as I have in someone else's life.
Any time an alcoholic thinks drinking is an okay thing to do then they're in denial. Simple...I'm willing to bet that your friend being open about his intentions to drink is just part of the rationalisations. "Hey it can't be *that* bad if I'm willing to tell everyone!"
