-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1va2vz/how_are_my_fellow_recent_relapsers_doing_me_good/

After my weekend fall-of-the-wagon binge finally feeling 100% physically today.  Feeling great mentally too had great productive meetings and have been slow at work so able to read a ton of recovery based stuff the past three days at the office....Sunk back down to depression this morning though when my wife informed me that when she is out of town on business next week after witnessing my relapse she doesn't trust me to watch our toddler alone and called my father to come stay with us while she's gone...something I've done a million times before.  So now I feel sunk a failure as a father a 37 year old child who can't be trusted etc.  Add to the fact that my pops has never been a drinker and looks on my booze struggles with great distain/little compassion/no real understanding and I'm dreading his stay as well.  Have had a pit in my stomach all morning....Damn it hurts fucking up. And to think just a few short years ago I was a "successful" social drinker respected and admired by my peers and family.  Amazing how fast things can spiral downhill once this gets its claws in you....Having a hard time feeling good about moving forward when those that love me are still so disappointed/upset with me.  Def. why it is so therapeutic to talk to likeminded folks who "get it".  xoxo.
----------immediate responses--------

Keep going and don't do the same mistake again...It will get better.
I'm doing ok feeling discouraged as well but determined  more than ever not to drink. Good luck!
Yeah when this disease gets the upper hand it fucking sucks sooo bad!..&gt;Add to the fact that my pops has never been a drinker and looks on my booze struggles with great distain/little compassion/no real understanding..Remember what's important is that *you* are compassionate to yourself. And you know that as long as you come here and to meetings then you'll be surrounded by people who intimately understand what you're going through. You are not alone!..
4 months on the wagon 3 days off now at day 12 or so back on. Starting to get my edge back a bit. 
Why not turn it around and take advantage of the babysitting to get to a bunch of meetings?   As a former relapser much of my success is due to making meetings and working a program of recovery.
Slipacre is right on. You are the one who is currently ill and needs to cure. Your wife and your dad love you and they can help you by letting you do what is required so you can be back firing on all cylinders... in due time. In my book this starts with the two letters AA... 
Making the mistake sucks. But beating ourselves up about it just makes it suck more. That's something I'm learning (or re-learned) this past 11days. More important to focus on now and on what to change than to worry about the past mistake...That said I was like a bear with a sore ass for the first couple days after. I'm doing good enough though.  There is a little work turning up I had a good weekend away with my husband and it looks like we'll have a house soon. Which would be awesome to have our own place after several years of crashing with relatives (but the process is tedious! hah.)..Life is looking up and i'm just keeping re-inforcing in my head that a drink would ruin all that progress and working on not making the mistake again. 
I didn't loose that much time but I found out that I shouldn't go into the hotel bar for "food only". Don't have the will to stare at beer taps and whiskey bottles. Not yet anyway. Live and learn picked up another chip. Staying sober today. 
Don't worry about your dad's opinion of your drinking. If he's going to be an asshole about it that's not your problem. Do what YOU need to do to get through this but be sure you mentally prepare yourself for what may come. Even if you stay sober you don't want emotional friction to turn in to a fight in front of your young child...Your dad doesn't sound very supportive did you guys have a falling out at some point? Has he always been distant/spiteful? 
&gt; Damn it hurts fucking up. And to think just a few short years ago I was a "successful" social drinker respected and admired by my peers and family. Amazing how fast things can spiral downhill once this gets its claws in you...&gt; Having a hard time feeling good about moving forward when those that love me are still so disappointed/upset with me...This is exactly what I feel right now. I have done some real damage that I keep wanting to ignore because certain loved ones are communicating with me now (as opposed to not at all).  I am so eager to move forward I forget the whole length of the spiral and the toll it took.  And like you said its hard to feel good about it. For pleasure-seeking alcoholics its hard to face the hard stuff (maybe I could say hard one more time? lol) that's part of why I drank in the first place...I hope at least you know that your post helped someone else me to refocus today.  You are definitely not alone and I don't have kids or anything but I totally get it.  and sidenote: your dad sounds like a true fucker.  Don't let him get claws in too...thank you for sharing :)..EDIT: for the sake of honesty i just sent in a request to set my badge at zero. I've never been 371 days sober that was a mistake. 
congrats on the house news pineapple!..undrunk I guess I should clarify.  He is actually very supportive or was until my relapse.  He doesn't understand as most normies why I just can't wake up and decide to never drink again and that's that. (hell I don't understand why we can't just do that either...sure'd be nice). He's your old school analytical sort of guy: "want to stop drinking? Then just don't drink". So he saw the relapse as failure and me not trying/not taking it serious.  I should also say that when we spoke about all this it my the morning after my lapse binge (wife called and told him while I was passed out) I was feeling terribly guilty low like the biggest loser on the planet...so I probably interpreted his words harsher than they might have been.  Hopefully the weekend with him will turn into a good or great thing.  We've always been close and he's a great man.  I'm the one who f'ed up our relationship with all this business.
I was a normal social drinker for years I am 46 now spent most of my 20s and 30s rarely drinking or when I did it was under control then bam. Strange how that shit happens. I think as a result of the early days is why it took me so many relapses to finally admit it. Always thought I could go back in time and be a normal drinker...Good luck to you this weekend. 
I completely hear ya dude. This is like my fourth relapse and I've been avoiding calling my sponsor because I'm too embarrassed to have to own up to failing again. I've been in a hungover malaise all day that has robbed me of the motivation to do anything other than lay on my bed and waste hours on reddit. ..The thing I always forget after a couple weeks of sobriety is how much drinking affects me the day *after* and how much better I feel when I go to bed sober. ..We just gotta start counting days again and keep engaging with the AA material so that we're armed and ready next time our brains try to convince us that we can pick up a drink.
checking in not doing too hot.  ..I stayed dry for all over October which was a record for me. November resumed social drinking and did okay. December I was starting to go too hard. Culminated in some extended time off from work for the holidays and one of the hardest 3 week binges of my life. And I'm right back where I started...I had some nasty insomnia last night and am hoping tonight is easier. Tomorrow is day 4 so I imagine most of the shitty feelings will start to fade soon. I hope.
[deleted]
