-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vc4ur/ive_been_doing_great_but/

...suddenly I have been getting strong urges to drink. Right now I know that I'm not going to give in to these urges but I'm scared that I won't know that tomorrow. Or the next day.  ..It's been over four months since I quit drinking and about four weeks ago I quit smoking.  Plus I've been watching what I eat as I have an unhealthy relationship with food. Now it seems as though there is always something missing something more that I should be allowed to do when I get home at the end of the day (I've mentioned this on here before and gotten some good advice but the feeling is persistent relentless even)...Anyway I've been feeling alone and wanted to open up to you guys a little bit.  Thanks for listening.  I know I don't talk on here much but I do lurk about.  Reading about what youse guys are going through helps me along in my own struggles.  I'm thankful for that.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm off to bed but I'll be back early in the morning.
Stay strong...Once in a while you'll get urges that will just about knock you over. I did at least...I think about it like finding out you're allergic to peanuts. Damn you want some peanut butter but you know it will kill you so you don't...This is the same thing. Don't.
i don't have advice but i know how you feel. i imagine quitting smoking is bringing up the drinking urges--you just wanna have SOMETHING. i sometimes think it doesn't matter what the treat is just knowing i get to have a moment step away from reality and have a ritual "treat" gets me through it all. addictive treats end up being the most satisfying--the ritual of having them + the physical effects of the treat itself make a killer pair. smokers need the ritual especially. at the end of a shift after a long car ride in the middle of a family event at a party--it's a way to step away and have some apartness from everything. the nicotine is like an apartness climax. nothing else will ever mimic that very closely. i guess its a treat we don't really deserve. i dont know. im struggling with the smoking. obvious probably. 
What's missing from your life?..Often times we use alcohol to fill a hole in our lives.  You can take the alcohol away but the hole remains.  Unless that hole gets filled you're going to feel empty and unfulfilled...I've got my own (separate) crazy theory that involves exercise.  It goes like this: When you drink your body releases some of the same endorphins that it does when you exercise. (That part isn't theory that's fact.)  Our current sedentary way of life is pretty new for humanity.  Just 100 years ago people had to walk everywhere they went their days were filled with physical labor etc. I think our bodies crave that natural endorphin release triggered by physical labor. And I think that when we don't get that release we feel unfulfilled maybe even a little anxious as if something has been left undone.  So some of us learn to drink alcohol to satisfy those feelings...Exercise has helped me a ton in so many ways. I can't say enough about it.  If you don't exercise give it a shot.  Doesn't have to be a lot even a brisk 30 minute walk can do the trick.  ..If you do exercise perhaps something else is missing from your life.  ..When your body needs food you feel hungry.  When your body needs warmth you feel cold.  Right now your body is trying to tell you that it needs something.  Try to figure out what that is.
&gt; ...suddenly I have been getting strong urges to drink. Right now I know that I'm not going to give in to these urges but I'm scared that I won't know that tomorrow. Or the next day. ..Woooaaahhh!!!! I can completely relate.  We've been sober a similar period of time.  Just a couple weeks difference.  ..Up until last week I've had almost no desire to drink and any urges that i've had have been fairly fleeting.  However the past week and a half I've had more consistent and persistent urges to drink...The one thing that has really helped me out is reminding myself that I experience the phenomenon of craving when I do drink.  ..I have to remind myself that if I have a couple of beers today my "itch" won't be scratched.  It will just make the itching worse tomorrow.  And that itch will be 100 times worse.  And then it won't just be a couple beers or a couple glasses of wine.  My drinking escalates really quickly...I have to belief what my friends tell me that as long as I don't drink TODAY I will further distance myself from those cravings to the point that drinking no longer becomes an attractive option...Don't drink JUST FOR TODAY my friend!!!  Don't focus on tomorrow.  And when tomorrow becomes today apply the same disciplines in your life you did the day before...Take care!  
I think participating here by posting and sharing is a big boost to recovery. You are not alone and it's one way to experience that. We've got your back..
[deleted]
