-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vi00v/shit_first_real_struggle/

Almost 20 days and it's been effortless.  I just faced my toughest trigger just realized what it is in fact: my frustration and disappointment following an unrequited love situation.  Any time I see his face or hear about him my brain goes screaming for something to take the nervous agitation and bitterness away.  Not only do I feel like a loser moldering at home alone but I want the distraction.  Going out and laughing with friends helps me to feel that I have a life and helps me to forget for a few hours. ..I've loved every second of sobriety and this is the only feeling that can make me feel crazed enough to make a call and be out the door.  I know it's not worth it and I'm 90% sure I won't do it.  ..These feelings kind of tinge the wellbeing I get from sobriety.  I'm always "on" feeling everything.  And when tonight's struggle is over and I wake up healthy and fresh tomorrow morning I'll still wonder a little what the point is when I'm still so unhappy.  ..A part of me is almost disappointed at my ongoing commitment to sobriety.  Scumbag brain keeps thinking "Can we drink now?"  But my positive results and coming to this subreddit every day have made my sobriety into so much more than a break to dry out and get some rest.  It's now a Thing and I feel like I can't even lapse a little bit for just one night without gravely disappointing myself.  I want it both ways.  :/..
----------immediate responses--------

Get to a meeting. Go exercise. Clean house ..Do something that makes you feel good about yourself.  Go grab a late snack with a sober friend. ..Get out of your own head. Everything happens for a reason this won't be the last guy. 
Here you are! You're doing it right so far. Just keep it up. You don't ever have to take another drink.
lady me too. Unrequited love. It sucks. I'm only realizing now how little I've taken care of myself in that matrix of highs and lows and hopes and heartbreaks. That kind of rollercoaster will get any alcoholic going! and it can lead to really backwards behaviors and emotional messes. Can you talk with your friends about it? A therapist? In my case it was a secret situation so it got heavier and more twisted. Talking to my therapist about it has taken the wind out of it a lot. And made me see some things about him that are not so attractive!
