-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vlwgy/a_quick_reflection_on_400_days_of_not_drinking/

Today I mark 400 days of not-drinking...I wanted to post some reflections here for myself and for anyone who might appreciate the record of my own experience...Why did I stop drinking?.This is a tough one actually. Mostly because I got tripped up on not knowing why I *was* drinking. Or acceptable reasons for drinking. I had many unacceptable reasons for drinking. I also often thought about someone years ago I knew who took a year off drinking on his own. After the year was up I ran into him. I asked him how it'd gone.. he said  Yeah.. took the year off. Not much changed. Doing it again.  This little story was frequently in my thoughts...How did I stop drinking?.I've spent the last few years traveling a lot for business to a part of the world where drinking is common and rampant and popular and embedded into every level of culture. As someone who would show up regularly from afar everyone wanted to take me out for drinks after work. We could go hard and long  occasionally staying out till the early (or later..) hours of the morning seeing the sun come up sitting on chairs on sidewalks outside cafes that were still open. I also found myself alone near home and afar sitting in bars and drinking alone  regularly...A year(+) ago we had one of these outings.. the night before I flew home. A large group of us partied hard had a loud exuberant rambunctious night out. I got on the plane hung-over beyond belief head crushing.. eyes crossed air pressure suffocating. It's so easy to joke  I'm never drinking again   but I thought  I don't want this anymore. ..What was the first year like?.For me starting my not-drinking life on December 15 had some benefits. The holidays are pretty quiet for me personally so I used the season to step out of the hard flow for a bit and once I knew I wouldn't be partying on NYE those two weeks were pretty easy. I spent a lot of time long sessions.. in the gym. I already had a strength training habit so I doubled down...I used an app to track my days of not drinking. I connected hard to the idea that the number milestones were arbitrary but it could still be nice and pleasing to see 15 or 30 or 45 or 60 on that screen. ..Rich Roll his podcasts and book were helpful in sowing some seeds of the positive potential of what one could still have and discover while not drinking (I'm not vegan nor an endurance athlete). His attitude and clarity and open-mindedness and positivity fed me especially in those moments when I needed it. I remember one particular moment perhaps one of the most singular of the year w/r/t this journey of listening to him chat with Hillary Biscay (RRP #37) while sitting on a beach. I was filled with a moment of seeing myself every so briefly without all my own limiting thoughts. It was fleeting but it was real and I continue to work at whittling away my own self-limiting thoughts which are powerful and forceful and so overwhelmingly untrue...I found a ready commitment to the idea that the act of not drinking was not a negotiable element of my life or thoughts or social presentation and whatever discomfort arose from those moments when you had to step out of the group flow to not drink was not anything to struggle with. There were work happy hours and Friday nights out and 1st dates where simply answer  Yeah Diet Coke please  would be stated without any element of pause...I wasn't contending with the question of whether I was an alcoholic or whether this was forever or even it was for a whole year. I embraced that ambiguity that gap of an answer and certitude. I really wanted to see what it would be like and what would happen. I learned to date without alcohol to begin a sex life with a new partner without the fuel of alcohol. No one ever turned me down or gave me a hard time (and sure I heard that it would be fun to see me on a few drinks or drunk.. but that was fine to say and to hear and to not do). I learned how to plan and go on a vacation that didn't center around or center stage the copious or finer aspects of alcohol (I live near wine country I like Club Med I like Vegas)...I'm definitely still involved in a whirlwind of personal transformation of which not-drinking is merely one channel. Occasionally I'll know it's happy hour somewhere I like and there will be a fleeting though of  Wouldn't it be nice   but rarely does it tug enough to hurt. It's like my shirt pulling on an arm hair. I swat at it and it's done...I haven't told many people that I'm not drinking nor have I gone to AA.. I do have a few people in my life that ask me how it's going and who I tell in those moments when it's really helpful. I've had past moments of shame associated with alcohol ab/use in the years past and it's nice to have whatever high and low points of the last 400 days of my life un-linked to any occasion of alcohol consumption. There have been highs and there have been lows. There has been no alcohol.. Another element that has been central to my experience is the watching and observing of alcohol around me. It's everywhere in life in plans in social occasions in sports in weddings  groceries. People are forever reporting and negotiating their past and future consumption. Couples are deteriorating over drinks in restaurants bars sidewalks. News reports of fights accidents and arrests are pegged to the measure or determination of the presence of drugs and/or alcohol. The fervor with which the legalization of marijuana   a measure I approve   gets reported without the discussion of the harm potential seems disingenuous. I witness these things and reflect on them and am so unbelievably grateful to be as free of them as I happen to be.. now..
----------immediate responses--------

That was very inspirational. You're a good writer. Thanks for sharing that.
Thank you and stay awesome. 
I can relate to a lot of what you've written. The last paragraph in particular really struck a chord with me. Thanks.
This was a very well-written post. I'm in the midst of something very similar to you - albeit a few hundred days short - and I'm glad to see it's had some positive effects...If I could ask - what ever happened to the friend who did a year without drinking? They're doing it again but did they devolve into full-blown alcoholism again if they were in the first place? Or did they just figure a second kick at the can was a good idea?..Thanks again for sharing!
Congratulations on 400 days sober.  
Awesome post. I relate to so much of what you write. Thank you.
Thanks !  I identify with a lot of this. Great !
&gt; Another element that has been central to my experience is the watching and observing of alcohol around me. It's everywhere in life in plans in social occasions in sports in weddings  groceries. People are forever reporting and negotiating their past and future consumption...This really resonated with me. I never fully realized how many pro-alcohol messages were embedded in the fabric of my day-to-day life until I stopped drinking. I mean one of the radio stations I listen to is called "The Brew" and part of their station ID is the sound of a cracking beer. It's pervasive. 
Excellent post.  Congrats and thanks for sharing your story of the last 400 days.
Thanks for this. Always great to hear someone who is "ahead" of me say that things like travel and sex dont just go away when you stop drinking. I think im still stuck on some self limiting beliefs about people thinking I'm "weird" when most people dont even notice.
