-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1voz3z/19_days_sober_and_badge_reset/

After 19 days of sobriety I relapsed this past weekend during a moment of weakness.  One thing I find interesting is that days 1 and 2 have been so much easier this time. Yesterday I had no desire to drink even with the NFL playoffs being on TV and today I've had no cravings whatsoever...During my 19 days whenever I felt overwhelmed I would come to stopdrinking and read your posts for inspiration. The sense of community really helped me through some difficult times. ..This is my first time posting here and my first real attempt to lead a sober life.  I've had my badge reset and am ready to begin again. I know there will be bumps in the road but it's nothing I will not be able to overcome with the help of the community...Well I just wanted to share say hi and thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Howdy!  Did the same (relapsed after my first 30 days of sobriety) and have been trying to use it to strengthen my resolve.  Here's to wishing for no more badge resets for both of us! Let's do work!
Good auld alcohol sucking you back in to where it wants you.  Tis a subtle foe!
I didn't have the experience of short start-stop efforts at sobriety.  When I relapsed in 2001 after 15 years of continuous sobriety I didn't come back for 7 years and then only after I seriously contemplated suicide.  I'm glad that your relapse and return has been relatively pain free.  Relapse convinced me that there is absolutely nothing of value in that dimension for me anymore.  Things that I once thought I missed during my first period of long term sobriety were a delusion.  Life worth living freedom and happiness only exist for me now because alcohol is no longer in my movie.
Keep comin' back it's all part of the process! Have you thought through the relapse and what you can do next time?
[deleted]
It happens.  The goal is to not let it happen again. You're right there will be bumps and some times they feel like mountains. Just keep saying no. Then all of a sudden you are on the other side of it. You can do it.  You have 15000 rooting for you. 
Nothing we can do about the past little we can do about the future.  All we can control (barely!) is now.  You can do it one nanosecond at a time!..Sending out tendrils of support to you!
Welcome back!!
I've heard it said there is a big difference between a lapse and a relapse.  Learn from success and learn from your mistake.  19 days is awesome.  
