-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vrn1x/most_accurate_description_of_how_i_feel_as_an/

Came across this while reading Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace. This is exactly how I felt when I decided to quit and to some extent still how I feel now. I stopped on November 11 but have relapsed three times since then. This quote more than anything else helped me to realize the insanity of my drinking it is not anything I can ever go back to not today not tomorrow not ten years from now. I truly believe that if I drink again I am signing my own death warrant. .. --and then you're in serious trouble very serious trouble and you know it finally deadly serious trouble because this Substance you thought was your one true friend that you gave up all for gladly that for so long gave you relief from the pain of the Losses your love of that relief caused your mother and lover and god and compadre has finally removed its smily-face mask to reveal centerless eyes and a ravening maw and canines down to here it's the Face In The Floor the grinning root-white face of your worst nightmares and the face is your own face in the mirror now it's you the Substance has devoured or replaced and become you and the puke- drool- and Substance-crusted T-shirt you've both worn for weeks now gets torn off and you stand there looking and in the root-white chest where your heart (given away to It) should be beating in its exposed chest's center and centerless eyes is just a lightless hole more teeth and a beckoning taloned hand dangling something irresistible and now you see you've been had screwed royal stripped and fucked and tossed to the side like some stuffed toy to lie for all time in the posture you land in. You see now that It's your enemy and your worst personal nightmare and the trouble It's gotten you into is undeniable and you still can't stop. Doing the Substance now is like attending Black Mass but you still can't stop even though the Substance no longer gets you high. You are as they say Finished. You cannot get drunk and you cannot get sober; you cannot get high and you cannot get straight. You are behind bars; you are in a cage and can see only bars in every direction. You are in the kind of a hell of a mess that either ends lives or turns them around. 
----------immediate responses--------

Exactly.
Damn I need to get a copy of that book. Thanks!
that last line pretty much sums it up.
good quote thanks buddy
I often think of that passage. The first time I read it I thought he is lying to interviewers when he says that his only research about addiction was going to some open AA meetings and hanging out in a halfway house lobby talking to people. This boy has been burned. 
Wow powerful stuff! Thanks for sharing!
David Foster Wallace always just "gets" me or that's what his writing feels like and I know I'm not the only one he just deep-in-the-heart resonated with. Short stories and interviews in particular because he's SO conflicted SO ambivalent self-conscious egotistical wise foolish compassionate and like heartbreakingly earnest. I hate so much that he killed himself and it sounds like it was just a medication fuck-up. He had definitely been through the ringer depression alcohol and drug-wise but was really committed to recovery and bettering himself right until the end...Didn't mean to gush; what I mean is thanks for this.
Ya that pretty much sums it up.   At the end for me I would drink just to feel normal for a few minutes then madness. 
I was in early sobriety when he killed himself. He and my sponsor were about the only two people on Earth I trusted really trusted to tell me It Was Going To Be Okay. I just remember feeling a very profound sense of "the fuck am I supposed to do now?" when I heard...It still sucks. I can't bring myself to finish Pale King because I want to hold onto the feeling that there'll always be more DFW to read. 
It is no coincidence that I quit drinking a couple weeks after finishing that book. That passage is HAUNTING.
That book has played a major role in me realizing I'm an addict. Thank you for sharing!
