-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vxkge/i_28m_finally_called_myself_out_no_where_to_hide/

An embarrassing and personally fatiguing it was... I admitted to my SO that I was struggling with hiding this nonsense. And that she was just really incredibly good at rationalizing some of my last actions in the pass. Peeing on bed peeing on a chair peeing on floor of my mother's home ... Extra bedroom. Of which I would claim indifference....You know nuts to that its a drop in the bucket. My real.concern is pretty much everything else I have been hiding. Generally I have been of the mindset that I will tackle this challenge all alone. But finally I decided to take the accountable road! And let me tell you that is a scary yet confident proposition....It has probably been the better part of 9 RECENT months passing before I finally decided to pay attention to my problem. I choose to be direct about my preference to take a bit of time for myself (a luxury I have being self-employed). I am being very open about my situation. That is scary mainly because we all like to option an out and do not like to face then negatives (generally). I have been taking advantage of this thought / prices for some time....Then finally I slip and have a few couple too many drinks. So I grab an Uber cab and plan my escape back home. Prior to this I had a shitty conversation that only a drunk person could spin into a moderate fight....At this point I really am more left to myself for the umpteenth time. Thinking as one alcoholic does if I should just put it all on the line with accountability. The problem is that most people look past that pretty quickly. AND I personally am too much of a pussy to call out my problem with alcohol....But then I gave in. First derived emotion for the beauty and concern of certain aspects of my apparently broken family. Its not terribly bad but just things like my favorite aunt and uncle do not assume communication because of this and that. This sort or relationship persists with others throughout my families relationships - and it fundamentally upsets me because i mean wtf is the plan?! Somebody dies and i eulogize them?...Blah blah blah. So on the back of empowerment I admitted my missed faults to my SO. Specifying exactly how when and why I consumed excessive alcohol (generally as an escape) and when she has excused crappy habits....So this moment really sucks. Mainly because I am breathing air into the rest of my life by involving accountability in other people. That said. I kinda need this. I dont want to fail myself but I also enjoy that I have begun sympathizing with my peers for a minimal. amount of support. From there tomorrow I have expressed the need for time off to my colleagues. And I intend to be  upfront. On top of that I am going to call my mother and relay this same information. Again it is t for acceptance. I am really scared about this amount of transperancry. But at the same time I am really excited to finally call myself out and put myself on notice. Drinking is BS. I always knew that I drank to escape. And I want to just get back to dancing for the sake of dancing. Setting a good example because it feels like an ambiance needs to be established?...Dim the lights. My SO said she would accompany me to AA. Which I do not want to go to but I know how impressive that experience could be! And I'm excited to share even more of myself with her! Craig of the late late shown is right. I don't have a drinking problem. I have a THINKING problem. I can't do this on my own. There I admit it. I'm not going to call everyone about my intentions here. But I'll tell you what I cannot wait to tell my mother! I honestly feel it may be one of the greatest and proudest moments or our lives. So important. I am just trying to figure out if I should contact my best friends dad sooner than later for shared support (he had issues and gave up the bottle for family as few years ago)...How do I get a badge? Let's do this!...Tldr: I decided to publically and personally express isuess with alcohol and I think it is the right move for me. It's scary but I feel oddly excited.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to recovery! The badges are set through the link on the side bar........................................................................&gt; Request A Badge
The moment I came clean and broke trough my denial all I felt was shame. It took me quite a while to deal with the shame and then it was time to come clean to everyone on not only my rampant alcohol problem but on all the lies and manipulation. The relief was amazing. I had constructed such a web to everyone I knew that it took tons of intellectual and emotional energy to maintain it. I only became aware of the constant effort once it was gone. 
Drinking IS BS as you so ably point out.  Good for you and welcome.  Good for you on the intention to check out AA meetings; they work for me.
28M here as well. I'm a few months ahead of you - and I absolutely guarantee you that you truly will be amazed at how good things will get...It sounds like you're on the right path. If this is your first shot at sobering up I implore you; do not at any point convince yourself that you have this thing "beat" at any given moment. That is the disease talking. If you stay sober you won't even believe how good things will get.
28m here also I second /u/ambival3nt guarantee. It can be hard sometimes but worth it. Welcome my friend :)
