-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1vywzf/my_wife_wants_to_share_gossip_about_the_struggles/

I hate it for two reasons: 1) it's none of my business 2) she is probably sharing my struggle with her friends. Is this wrong of me to feel this way?  I think she is trying to use this as a conversation starter between us about my alcoholism I am notoriously closed lipped about this outside of groups and here. Our marriage counselor seemed to not think it that big of a deal but I am mortified by the airing of my dirty laundry this way. I think I have a reasonable expectation of privacy within my marriage. It's not like I don't want my wife to talk to her friends at all (which could be interpreted as abusive behavior on my part) I just would prefer that my alcoholism be off limits with her friends and acquaintances. She said she had probably talked to 20+ people since I stopped drinking...
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Hi I can totally understand your frustration with this but I will warn you whether you want it to or not it will come out at somepoint and sometimes it can be for the best. It can be a weight off your shoulders for everyone to know especially that now you can be proud that you're doing something about it...For me I told my father before Christmas just so that he'd be on board and not be offering me booze every 2 mins. He was so proud of me that he then went on to tell my siblings his brothers and sisters etc etc basically everyone in my semi close family. I was initially angry betrayed and I vented at him (albeit in a reasonable manner) explaining that while I understood his intentions were good that I wanted to have control over who got to know about it. Thinking back that was certainly true but there were other elements to it. ..I didn't want people knowing what I had spent so much time hiding I wanted to remain perfect in the eyes of others despite the fact I know I'm not I didn't want to be the drunkard. But I am and I'm working on it. ..However if I look really deep down I didn't want people to know because I didn't want them to see me if I relapsed. I still wanted to have that out that excuse to maybe sometime in the future to drink without public repercussions. I didn't want them to see me as weak and controlled by alchohol even though I am. ..My desire for privacy in this regard comes from a strong sense of almost arrogance and ego. I had/have to let that go. I'm not perfect for so many reasons and that's why I'm here but everyday I'm working on getting better and for me there's far more achievement to that than if I was just perfect out of the box and didn't have these issues to work on.
You are spending a lot of time making assumptions on a "probably." Do you know for certain that she is sharing your story with them? Is she sharing more than just "He stopped drinking and is doing great!" Or "he was struggling for a while and things are really coming together!" Unless there is some other history there I doubt she is sharing the kinds of things that would ever get to or impress upon say a potential employer. Have you spoken with her about what is is she's sharing...I don't love when my husband tells me he's spoken with people about my struggles but when I ask about it it's usually pretty benign "She's been super depressed and I really hope she gets it together" friend-vent kind of stuff not "She's hiding booze in the garage."
Two things stand out to me about what you've said:..1) The marriage counselor thinking it's not a big deal. Good counselors listen to you and don't minimize your feelings. Even if the issue isn't a "big deal" in the grand scheme of things a counselor is someone who should be building your trust. I've been going one for a *long* time and I wouldn't if there weren't solid trust...2) She said she talked to 20+ people. Okay I could understand if she needed to talk to a few close friends about it - to get sympathy understanding or whatever... but 20? That seems excessive. ..MeikoD has some very good points about not wanting an "out" and I understand that very much...On the other hand I would think there's a happy medium between her talking to some very good friends for support and broadcasting it to so many. I'd love to hear other people's opinions of this... I would think it would be your decision who to tell and when for the most part. ..It takes a lot of courage to do what we're doing and it should be supported... I would feel gossiped about if people were talking about it so much when I weren't around. That
I wouldn't like it either. I think you do have a reasonable expectation of privacy when it comes to your marriage.  For what it's worth the law agrees with you. There are two spousal privileges. 1) Your spouse can't be compelled to testify against you about anything if he/she doesn't want to and 2) If your spouse chooses to offer evidence against you he or she is only permitted to testify as to your actions not to anything you said.  In other words "I saw him come home drunk one night" is perfectly fair but "He told me he was drunk" isn't allowed. The reasoning behind the rule is that hey sometimes people need to talk things out and who else can they talk to except their spouse?  I know that marriages aren't governed by the rules of evidence but I do believe that the rules of evidence are fair. Over the last 1000 years or so society has determined that people need to be able to talk to their spouse without having to worry that what they say will be blabbed all over the place. It's a mental-health necessity...Of course quoting law to your spouse isn't going to do any good.  If I were you I would explain it like this:  *Hey sweetie part of being married is being able to share personal things with each other.  I need that in my life. Everyone does.  The problem is I don't always feel comfortable sharing because I'm afraid that you'll repeat what I say to other people. This is a very personal issue for me. I share with you because you're my wife and I need your support. But I don't want to make all of this public. If I don't feel I can be completely open and honest with you I fear that my sobriety will suffer and that our relationship will suffer.*..Actually that doesn't really sound all that great does it?  The challenge is making her understand that your inability to trust that she'll keep private things private will impact your relationship all without making it sound like you're blaming her for your problems or threatening her.  Is there a way you can do that?..I guess I don't have any great solutions. It's a tricky issue.  But I do think you're right. 
For me being active in AA has helped me sort out a lot of these issues both because the tradition of anonymity provides me with a principle to follow in this regard; and because I have a support network (sponsor co-sponsor) to bounce my concerns about gossip with.  This is sometimes a topic in discussion meetings.  
I see both sides of this issue because I have experienced both sides. I'm an alcoholic who is married to an alcoholic. I got sober 4 years into our marriage my husband drank for 12 more years. He was mostly emotionally unavailable while drinking and for a long time that just left me alone. Lonely stifled frustrated resentful and heartbroken. Finally I went to an alanon meeting on the urging of my therapist. I learned to drop the burden of secrecy and begin to live my own life for my self. ..I am extremely fortunate that my husband joined AA and got sober. I too began to attend AA meetings I certainly qualified. We are living in a new way and have learned to be happy. We are still very much in love and we are very good companions. It turns out he was feeling lonely too.
