-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1w0gd5/well_this_is_fun/

I'm at a bar/dance club with my best friend her crush and his friend where they're playing reggae music. I'm not drinking. I've been offered numerous times to drink. Each time I said no and put my hand over my mouth. ..I am having a really hard time struggling with this. They don't seem to understand how big of a problem this is for me. "Just have one drink!" I can't. Physically I can't. That feeling in the back of my throat when I think about alcohol and start salivating keeps happening. I don't know what to do. ..I'm sitting in the back corner of the bar while my best friend and her crush cuddle and make out. Alcohol used to be my boyfriend. Now I feel naked and alone. I feel very vulnerable. ..I wish I could be proud of myself right now for not drinking but I'm just not having fun because of it. With alcohol I could be anyone I wanted to be. Now I have no clue who I am. ..My best friend just came back to check on me. "I'm fine." I lied. I'm not okay. Drinking made me feel alive and sexy. I could talk to/dance with anyone. "Being sober sucks" a guy said. Yeah it fucking does. ..I'm not sure what I'm supposed to accomplish with this post but you guys were the first people I wanted to vent to. This sub feels like home to me more than any other place right now. I just need understanding. ..Hope everyone is having a great night...**EDIT** Made it home safe and sound. No alcohol. Still not proud of myself. Just reassured that I can't be in this setting.
----------immediate responses--------

bars are awful when you aren't fucked up can you bow out?
Get some fresh air. Take a walk around the block and clear your head. 
Breathe! Go outside. Dance!.          .And remember not to do this again. I did the same thing in early sobriety. (Someone spilled a drink on me.) Always have your own way to get home. 
It's ok not to go to bars or clubs. The vast majority of people don't and they seem to get on just fine. ..As an alcoholic I have no business being in bars or round people who are drinking...Good luck - dare to be ordinary.
Well I'm proud of you. I decided to stay away from all the alcohol-centric activities in the beginning of my sobriety. It was partly my old habit of avoidance and partly instinct. Safer more likely to succeed. After a while I learned that I just didn't enjoy being in the midst of a crowd of slightly hysterical mood altered people no matter what other "activity" was supposedly the purpose of the gathering. There are plenty of other things to do. I've explained to other young people that what seems like the only social outlet available may really be an artificially stimulated mating ritual. The degree of satisfaction derived from this method is very inconsistent and perhaps there are other avenues that could be explored. Following one's individual interests could put one in contact with more like minded people. A more suitable match may be the outcome.
Great job getting home safe and sober!.Now on to the bigger issue:  At 5 days sober you have NO business being in a club like that at all.  I'm sorry.  It does suck.  But this is your life and not some game.  I dare anyone to find an expert in the field of alcoholism and addiction who would say it is anything other than a terrible fucking idea..Yes you got through it but at what cost?  First you risked your sobriety.  Had you gotten drunk you would be waking up today miserable and hating yourself.  You would probably be posting here about what a mistake you made.  Even though you did not drink you were miserable correct?  You tortured yourself for no good reason...What we have a is a disease.  That is it.  The sooner you come to grips with that the sooner you can start dealing with it in a responsible way.  You need to think about the future you.  After some good solid time of sobriety.  When you have worked on yourself and you are in a much better place.  Then you can go to a bar with your friends who know you; value you as a sober friend; and respect you for who you are.  And I will tell you who you aren't:  You are not their goddamn mother fucking drinking buddy so they can feel better about themselves..Now go and take some pride in yourself for getting through the night.  You did a very awesome thing by reaching out on this thread when you needed help.  But please don't put yourself in this situation again.  Trust me the future you will be so thankful if you don't.  Good luck my friend!
why on earth would you hang out at a bar if you're trying to stop drinking? .
