-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1w10kx/1_month_and_i_just_dont_care/

I apologize to the people that are struggling and I don't mean to undermine alcohol. I have been an alcoholic for nearly 2 decades and I was able to quit cold turkey with no problem. I am angry because I have 2 other problems. Depression that won't go away and porn. I have relapsed on porn 5 times and zero on alcohol. I stopped drinking so that it would be easier to stop porn and the winter depression wouldn't be so brutal. It didn't work. I am angry and disappointed in myself instead of happy and excited that I was able to quit drinking. Who knows maybe it is better than it feels. Maybe this is the year that I would have killed myself and I saved my life but it doesn't feel like it. It feels just as shitty as every other year.
----------immediate responses--------

The reason why you haven't fixed those other problems is the fact that you quit cold turkey. If alcohol were are only problem we wouldn't drink. ..You need to find an actual recovery program that helps improve the quality of your life. It's only a matter of time before you drink or continue getting worse in another addiction...Good luck keep an open mind.
Man I know it's rough. Please try going to an in real life group. It will get you out of the house and away from the computer at least. Sometimes I get that "what's the point" feeling too about sobriety but everything DOES get better and easier in sobriety. Good luck.
I've struggled with crippling depression most of my adult life.  I will say that putting lots of day sober together  adding up to lots of weeks months and now some years has really helped tremendously with having the presence of mind to get professional help and make healthier choices.  In other words it took me TIME.  As to the porn addiction I have a very strong sense that the neurological disorder at the heart of alcoholism and drug addiction is also at the root of this issue.  Provided your consumption of porn is of the legal variety why don't you follow the practical advice of First things First.  Get sober and then use the same skillset to attack that addiction?
Agree with the "first things first" mindset. Also what have you done to tackle the seasonal depression? Those light boxes are supposed to be a godsend. And the good news is the "switch" is right around the corner. I remember one year when wanting to go off antidepressants in Decemberish my shrink had me wait until some date in late Jan or early Feb to start because he said that's when the days got longer to the point where seasonality wouldn't play into it (this is assuming you are in North America of course.)..But yeah as others have said... what have you done besides just not drink. Can you make a list of things resources. If you don't fill in that drinking time with healthy stuff yeah that's a whole lot of time to feel empty. 
Once we get sober we can tackle other issues. Trying to address them while still drinking just doesn't work. The addicted mind is a strange and warped instrument. It's probably time to enlist a therapist. Someone with special addiction training may be the way to go. ..Don't undersell your achievements thus far they're pretty impressive to an alcoholic like me!..Welcome to recovery!.
So you're learning that the drinking and porn is merely a symptom of your problem.  When are you going to start addressing the problem?
