-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1w3sj7/been_struggling_with_sobriety_story_inside_may_be/

Warning: wall of text..I've had a lot going on since I've been trying to get sober and this may be me rambling but I'm not sure where else to ask.  I had a lot of freedom and a good job about 10 months ago.  I was fired because of drinking as well as clashing with my new manager but I found another job that was a promotion from what I was doing before but it was as a bartender.  Of course I started drinking at work and got caught and got fired...I was in a small community and was pretty much blackballed from any job in the restaurant industry there.  I stopped drinking floated around for a bit and ended up moving back to where I grew up and moved into an SLE.  I felt that I didn't belong there but I also didn't have the means to get a job that I could get transportation to.  (No car and even if I did my outstanding DUI in California wouldn't allow me to even get a suspended license since I had stopped classes to move out of state)...I fell into a bad place and ended up drinking more than I ever had before and bouncing from friend's house to friend's house.  I called my brother and he picked me up drunk from a friends house and took me to a hotel to sober up.  Since then I moved to another state to be with family...I like it here now but I just feel like I've set my life back.  I left the restaurant industry which can be toxic for people and I'm working a job which I like but it's not paying like before.  I have to live with my uncle and I just feel like I'm a drain even though he insists that I'm not.  I have no transportation to do anything I like and even have to bike from/to work...Basically when I'm not working or sleeping I'm just in my room playing video games or doing chores.  I know drinking isn't a better use of my time but it was something.  Also I think every day that I would have enough to buy a car and live on my own if I just got a job in a restaurant but my uncle insists against it...I've started drinking a few beers per night just because I don't have anything else.  I have nothing to look forward to and no reason to wake up before I have to work.  Things have gotten better since I've been conscience of my drinking problem but there's no prospects of anything I would call having a life on the horizon...I'm not sure what to think or do
----------immediate responses--------

Do you admit that your life is unmanageable? How about alcoholism? Could that be your problem? There is a vast system of help and support for people like us. We have to take the first steps to access it but it's all there when we do. This site is a good first but there is even more for you. Welcome to recovery.
It sounds like you haven't actually done anything to quit drinking or get your life on track...You have the basic building blocks for getting your life back on track: a place to live a job and a supportive family member.  Many people don't even have those things.  I think you need to take advantage of these things before you fuck it up...You say now that all you do is sleep work and play video games.  But you have a bike.  You have your legs.  You can start exercising (riding your bike going for runs pushups situps ...).  You could spend some of this time you're drinking doing things more productive like learning a programming language.  Learning a new foreign language.  You could repay your uncle by seeing if there's anything you can do to help him out around the house or in general...If you're struggling with drinking/quitting you can use many of the free resources available to you: this subreddit AA SMART Recovery...Nothing changes if nothing changes.
You need to get out of your skin and find a group.  What you just described will keep happening and happening until you proactively make a change.  Good luck my friend!
You can stop now or you can wait until it gets a lot worse...You can have a life but it's not at the end of the alley you are stumbling down...Many of us have needed a support group aa smart IOP.  It worked for us most probably it can for you.   You can get rides to meetings you can get sober and then and only then begin to address the other issues......You are not going to get better in your room sucking on beers and feeling sorry for yourself.   Your uncle is right a different job and a car you can't legally drive is not the answer.       ..Get sober take care of outstanding issues with California build a support network in recovery and your life will get better.          ..Don't and it won't.   
I've told this story before about my pal Mary.  When I first met Mary in 1986 she was a college drop out and bartender unable to keep her job even though she was sleeping with the bar owner.  She struggled to get sober and when she came around and started hanging with me and my AA buddies she took a job working as a photographic assistant for my Godfather a well-known Photographic illustrator and former owner of a famous Irish Pub named after him.  Flash ahead to 2013 Mary comes and leads the noon meeting I'm chairing at a business lunch downtown.  She relates the above and more adding that she had been a little rushed getting to the meeting because last minute phone calls at her office at the Medical College where she is a full Professor and cancer researcher...My point is obvious a sober life makes possible realization of dreams...Don't drink today get to a recovery meeting and join us on the path to your authentic self.
