-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wbq75/3_weeks_and_feeling_great/

Today marks three weeks since I quit drinking and I feel absolutely fantastic. This is the longest I've gone without drinking in 30 years which is embarrassing to say...Every single thing that was wrong in my life has gotten better...Every single thing that was good in my life has gotten better...I'm sleeping better my memory has improved my self-confidence has improved and I no longer have to constantly second-guess myself. I didn't realize how much I was doing that but every time I dropped something or forgot something I unconsciously thought "ah that must be because I am/was drinking." ..Perhaps the most surprising thing is that I'm rediscovering my own bodily and mental rhythms. Before if I was sleepy in at night it was "because I had all that wine." If I was tired in the morning it "must have been because of all those beers I drank last night." Now If I'm tired I know I'm actually just tired. If I feel good I know I actually feel good. It's strange but that's really important...I also bought Alan Carr's "Easy Way to Control Alcohol" yesterday and read about half of it. I'm an extremely skeptical person and Alan Carr's apologetic opening--where he tries to justify why you should be reading his book--made me think this was just a crap self-help book. But I was wrong. After a few chapters he really catches his stride and lays out exactly what's going on with alcohol. He's got a good handle on it and a clear vision. I'm still only half-way through but already I want to buy copies for all of my friends and family. ..Anyone who is struggling to quit should consider reading this book. Best $4 I ever spent (reading it with Kindle Online)...I don't want to go on too long but I want to make one other point that I think is rather important...When I quit smoking years ago it required me to change my value system and self image. The same is true of drinking. ..Glorifying alcohol seeing it as something positive--a social lubricant a way to have a good time--makes it really hard to quit. ..But vilifying alcohol seeing it as terrible something ripping apart lives and undermining society makes it much easier to quit...At the same time changing my self-image has been critical. I used to have this rather juvenile notion of being this hard-living smoker and drinker. Real John Wayne bullshit. ..Now I see myself as someone healthy getting back into running eating healthily going to bed on time and able to talk with people intelligently. That other guy was just some drunk loser slumped over a bar. In short I've changed my value system...It's very hard to do something that is in conflict with your value system...So to quit drinking "all" I had to do was change my values to make alcohol something inconsistent with my own self-image. The same way that smoking crack and eating pandas are things that I could never consider doing...I know it's only been 3 weeks but that's where I'm at. I feel fantastic and I'm not going back.
----------immediate responses--------

I love reading posts like yours. ..**It shines.** ..Shares like this are what gave me the hope that I too could quit drinking one day. That I could maybe be happy someday was not expected but I still got hope from listening to stories like this. I hope your story today gives hope to someone who knows they need to quit but feels that life will always be full of hardship regardless. It would be fitting that your story would be final dose of hope to get them there. ..Thank you so much. :-)
Love this post... totally the way I am approaching this! I was a smoker for quite a while and became the marathon-running anti-smoker. Wish I'd tackled drinking at the same time.
Very well said.  Another way to put it is we're now becoming the people we only fantasized we were when drinking.  I'm another fan of the Carr book.
Going on 6 days.. I hope I can repeat your words soon :)
I really like the way you break up thoughts into sentences and paragraphs. Easy to follow and read. Too many walls of text these days with little to no punctuation. This is true on reddit but also the professional world. ..Also congrats on three weeks! We're close to being sober twins. 
[deleted]
&gt;When I quit smoking years ago it required me to change my value system and self image. The same is true of drinking...&gt;Glorifying alcohol seeing it as something positive--a social lubricant a way to have a good time--makes it really hard to quit..&gt;.But vilifying alcohol seeing it as terrible something ripping apart lives and undermining society makes it much easier to quit...Thanks! this part I think could really help me out
Congrats this is a lot of what I've been feeling lately as well. I worked so hard at trying to play tough with all the smoking and drinking I was doing and it feels good to come to terms with the fact that I've always just been a big softie underneath.
Thanks for this! I bought this book yesterday and haven't read it yet. I think I'd already told myself it wouldn't help that "silly self-help" is useless somehow. This really opens my mind a bit.
Listening to the audiobook and am 4 chapters in.  I'm skeptical as most of the info seems anecdotal but I intend to listen to entire thing as reccomended.
You deserve everyone of those good feelings you're having....Well done....Please keep an open mind regarding a recovery program if you find yourself struggling on your own.
