-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wegpi/moment_of_clarity/

This may be a little long but here goes...Today is my first full day since deciding and making a commitment to stop drinking. About 6 years ago  I was living at home with my parents and my family had an intervention with me after several terrible drinking incidents. I felt guilty about it but fought it tooth and nail because I didn't see that I had a problem. Other people I knew had crazy drunken stories too so why was I being singled out? They made me go to AA meetings and I would but also would sneak in drinks whenever I could. After months of hiding it and putting on an act of cleaning up I finally moved out. Over the next three years there would many drunken nights but they just never saw it or knew about it and thought I had a handle on it and had gone back to becoming a normal drinker. Three years ago I met a wonderful man and we ended up moving in together after 5 months. We drank together and he saw a few more of my really fucked up drunk nights but they were spaced out and most of the times we were drinking together. A six pack for him a bottle of wine for me on the weekends and/or maybe 1x/week. I met him at a bar and would still go to the bar on my way home from work to hang with my bar "friends" a few times a week. Over time he saw how frequently I was coming home a little more than tipsy. I would also lie to him and say I was working late to pad the time on my commute home so I could drink. He began to tire of it and would bring it up to me on occasion but he still stuck around. Over the last year he slowly started to check out of the relationship (not talking less affectionate etc). In cycles we would make up and things would be good for a few weeks and then again he starts checking out. By the time we came upon our 3rd anniversary he was sleeping on the couch all the time and there was clearly a problem. We had one of the heartiest conversations two weeks ago where he said he was unhappy in his life and I didn't deserve that he treated me with such detachment that he wanted to not drink/smoke so much move from our apartment somewhere else. I suggested keeping a dry house and working on it together on looking for a new apt together. That didn't even last a week before we went and got a 6 pack and a bottle of wine. He starts checking out again and I decide it's time to give 60 day notice and we can either move out together or I need to move back home and end these vicious cycles of unhappiness. He agrees but feels he needs a break and that he's tired of struggling and trying so hard. That his feelings for me have changed. I take that to mean he isn't in love with me anymore and my heart is broken. That was on Saturday and I spend Sunday at my parents house. When I get back to the apt he has moved out. Everything GONE...I look at his side of the closet and cry his stack of books and cry his things out of the medicine cabinet and cry. I go to a bar nearby and say I need to drink myself to sleep so I can stop crying...I woke up on Monday morning and still upset I start asking myself WHY didn't he trust me? The only times I lied to him were when I was drinking or because I was drinking. The trust was gone because I couldn't be honest with myself let alone him. That was my moment of clarity. It was about me and I wanted to start to be honest with myself and that would mean taking a long hard look at me and accepting that I have a problem. I lost a good friend and an even better relationship because I couldn't face my own demon...and it dawned on me that this wasn't the first time in my life. I didn't like that version of me that I saw when I stepped out of myself and decided in that moment that I want to do something to change her...Today I went to my first AA meeting and it felt good. I had been lurking on this subreddit for a while now but finally got a badge. I got a copy of Allen Carr's book and have started reading it. It feels cathartic...like a weight has been lifted. No more lies no more guilt.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  Things will get better I promise if you let them.  I don't know you but am very happy for you!
Hey I'm really sorry you went through this.  Life sometimes hurts and I have no words of comfort for you I'm sorry.  If I could give you a hug I really would.  ..Hang in there stay positive stay strong keep clean and healthy thoughts eat and drink clean and healthy foods and treat yourself like you would treat your best friend who could've been in a similar situation...And if it helps keep coming back here.  It helps.
Interesting story. I can tell you that getting rid of booze altogether is going to be one of the best decisions you ever made. For myself and for many people here the experience of getting sober and staying sober has been immensely transformational. Believe me. There are tons of benefits I myself have experienced. I can not emphasize enough just how important the thinking-clarity is. Once you stop drinking you get your brain back. You become much more capable of dealing with your own emotions in a healthy way. Once you re-gain your clarity everything about your life will improve. You'll become much more capable of handling your relationships correctly too. For now give yourself a good couple of weeks to start to recover and try not to make any other major decisions during this time. Also keep yourself busy to help keep your mind off drinking. For many people anxiety and stress are major triggers for drinking. So find yourself an alternative way to deal with stress or anxiety. Personally gym works for me for stress relief. If you feel need support or feel tempted to drink - just keep on coming back here to this subreddit. There is lots of help available here from others. Good luck!
Congratulations. Keep reminding yourself about this moment of clarity over and over so you don't forget what you don't want to revert to. Read about the success stories here - if so many others can change so can you. That is what is keeping me going right now. 
You have all the makings of a great new life.  It might sound corny but this is the start of something great something for you by you.  Out of catastrophe comes a fresh beginning.
Jump on in the water is fine! Welcome!
I'm sorry to hear that your relationship ended over alcoholism but it might wind up being a good thing.  That pain is real for sure and I wish there was something to make that easier to cope with.  Unfortunately once you decide to stop drinking you relinquish your right to comfort yourself with that chemical so you are sort of inviting it to come camp.  And it will.  And it will make you strong...Seriously this is the start of a new beginning for you.  You are going to get your health back your mind back you're going to love the way the new you feels and you will no doubt have meaningful relationships in the future that are not based on drinking together.  You have sooooo much to look forward to...Keep coming to this sub and posting on it if you need encouragement.  One day at a time and good on ya for having the courage to do AA properly.  It really takes character to embark on this journey.  You should be proud of yourself.  I think I speak for the rest of us on this sub when I say that we are...And added bonus sharing your story has helped me to avoid drinking for one more day.  Thank you.
Awesome! You will read lots and lots of stories and get lots and lots of advice - the kind folks of /r/stopdrinking are truly wonderful!..What it comes down to though is that this is a decision that you make for yourself. You have to want it you have to own it you have fight for it. The good news is that you don't have to do it alone. :-) Welcome! 
Congratulations on making a positive choice in the face of adversity. I trained myself throughout my life that when something bad happened I'd go into self-pity wondering how this horrible thing happened I ME. I never thought about what my role may have been in the negative thing never thought about putting it into perspective just got angry sad and whatever other negative wasteful emotion you can name. ..Now that I'm following a program when there is something bothering me I take positive action to improve my mood or feeling. Whether I solve a problem or just let off some steam in the gym I do something to change my attitude...It's great to hear that you are engaging in this type of behavior considering our past was to rely on alcohol during rough times...You will find happiness if you work on yourself seems you already know that. Good luck.
Welcome. This is exactly how it's done.
To everyone that has commented with uplifting words and encouragement I THANK YOU!.I wanted to add a little more to the story....After my "moment" I asked the ex to meet me to talk. I got to express my GRATITUDE to him because I don't know if I would have gotten to this point any other way. Making it very clear that it was not conditional on the outcome of our relationship I asked him for support if I needed it and he was more than willing to oblige and has. He checks in with me daily to see how I'm doing and how the meetings are going and wants to come to one with me. I'm glad there is no going back because I don't want to go back and while I still am hurting and sad about the relationship I couldn't have a more positive outlook on MY life moving FORWARD.
