-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wln4z/ive_fked_up_my_life_with_booze_now_its_even/

I've had a drinking problem for approximately eight years now.  Last year I had eight months sober then I screwed it all up again.  I had a major relapse as I had a diagnosis of a chronic and painful condition.  I have a child who is nearly ten; child protection services had been involved because of my drinking and many suicide attempts.  I had just got them off my back when I received my diagnosis they had finally had enough and my child's father was awarded custody.  Although I am sober now the child's father holds this power over me as to whether I see my child or not.  My BF has put up with a lot from me and has stood by me but I really feel that he has stopped loving me and is now just using me for sex.  I feel like I don't deserve any better treatment anyway.  I suffer from depression anxiety and crippling insomnia.  It's getting harder and harder to stay away from the drink as I know it will numb the emotional pain in the short term and provide some (albeit poor quality) sleep.  I've come on here for some encouragement please.  Right now getting drunk and staying drunk until I die seems like an extremely attractive prospect.  I can't cope with the guilt and shame of what I have put my child family and BF through.
----------immediate responses--------

Go to a treatment center.  Get some medical treatment for these problems. Don't drink. Just don't. 
How to cope is what we learn to do. After 34 years of coping with everything by drinking I had to learn things "normal" people already know. Get into a treatment center and get started on getting better. It does get better. Good luck
I can't tell how long you have been sober this time. Sorry if I missed it. My depression and anxiety just get better and better the farther into sobriety I get. My only suggestion is to give it time. Just don't drink today then decide about tomorrow...tomorrow. Best wishes and keep coming back. 
You feel guilt and shame because you care about your child and you feel that you've hurt him/her or let him/her down.  Your dying would only put your child through even more suffering.  The only difference would be that you wouldn't have to be around to witness it. That's not a very good solution...You can't go back in time and change what happened.  That's a fact. And you can't die at least not if your concern is damaging your kid.  Getting drunk will also not help anything because you can't go on living with that sort of shame and guilt...The only option you have left is to be the best mother and human being you can be going forward. Accepting that you can't change the past &amp; getting OK with yourself and your situation is a big part of that...For example you seem upset that your ex-husband "holds the power" of whether you see your kid or not "over you."  I understand that it's a difficult situation but think about it for a moment.  Based on your history and based on the fact that you want to drink right now isn't that in the best interest of the child?  I'm not ragging on you or lecturing you please don't read what I'm saying in that way. Everyone makes mistakes.  And everyone struggles. It's normal.  But I think that *accepting* your current situation is a big part of moving on and putting your life back together.  Something like "My ex is able to prevent me from seeing my kid and based on my history I understand.  A lot of people have lost trust in me and that is the natural result of my own actions. Whether I regain that trust or not is also dependent on my own actions.  It will take some time but it will happen if I commit to being the best person I can be each and every day.  Besides it's the only option I have."..You most definitely deserve to be treated well and you most definitely deserve to be loved. You are likely a good person with a bad addiction.  It happens.  As for your relationship stuff have you tried talking to your BF about it?  Writing him a letter?  Communication is key.  These things tend to go better when phrased in terms of how you feel instead of what he is or isn't doing.  You know instead of "You don't love me anymore" something like *I've been feeling lonely and a bit unloved because we don't talk like we used to.  Why don't we... &lt;propose a solution&gt;*.  Your partner can't respond to your needs if he doesn't know what they are...I know you are going through a lot right now. Getting sober isn't easy particularly when an addiction left so much wreckage behind.  But there are ways to deal with shame and regret.  Counselors can help.  Self-help books can help.  I am not an AA person but I do believe that their 12 steps are designed to help a person let go of shame and regret. There are a lot of options out there. Do your best to find one that works for you.  You don't have to live like this.
[deleted]
Why don't you give yourself a break? You are dealing with lots of shitty things in your life yet it sounds like you are bullying yourself without mercy. ..I think most of use would end up in prison if we treated other people as badly as we treat ourselves. It sounds like you've made some mistakes but you are only a human. You obviously regret some of the things that happened in the past but treating yourself like shit isn't going to make things better. ..I know what it is like to be full of self-hatred - it is like there is a part of my mind just waiting for a chance to criticize me and make me feel bad. I think most people who develop drink problems are the same - is it any wonder that so many of us become depressed?..Please show yourself a bit of self-compassion here - you need a friend who can offer you unconditional love and the only person who can really do that is you. You are obviously suffering and you need comfort - why can't you give yourself that comfort? ....
Can I ask what lead to your relapse after 8 months of being sober? 
