-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wnad1/helping_wife_deal_with_my_relapse/

I had 76 days sober until sunday. Then I relapsed and it was a big one. My wife is understandably hurt and upset we have talked and I am going into intensive outpatient therapy and going to AA at least once a day. I truly do feel this is different for me. Of course she does not believe it will be different hopes it will be and she is justified in that thought...The difficulty is because she is angry resentful and hurt she will lash out at me because she feels alone and that she doesn't have a partner. She has every right to feel this way and unlike in the past I'm not going to try and force her to change the way she feels I can't do that. Problem is her anger makes me sad and resentful which is a trigger for me. I have told her this before and she just tells me she isn't the reason why I drink so I just need to deal with it. ..I know the only way to rebuild trust is day by day but does anyone have any suggestions to help her perhaps deal with her feeligns. I have recommended Al-Anon but she won't go because she hates talking about feelings and gets mad at me if I bring it up. Any thoughts would be great.
----------immediate responses--------

Been there.  Three weeks ago in fact.  Sucks having all the trust you've built up staying sober gone in an instant.  Sucks BAD in fact. And you're right on my way back that turned into a big trigger "well I've failed and now my wife doesn't even believe in me anymore so what's the point!"  After the shame and guilt left me took about a week I used all those feelings as motivation to really get to work on myself harder than ever before.  Each day I stay sober has been a little better with us.  Time is the only thing that has helped.  We don't even talk about my sobriety now.  The only thing she wants to hear is my actions to be my old self again.  And that's what I'm doing.  Only two things will get her to come back around: time and your positive actions.  ..And if she doesn't like going to groups which I don't blame her (your problem not hers) is there some sort of online meeting or something for AA?  I know we SMARTies have a friends and family online meeting once a week.
Her not wanting to talk about feelings sounds like denial. She wants you to be "fixed" but not go to a meeting that could help you both? ..Simply getting angry at the suggestion without further discussion is not productive. ..What about a family counselor? Just for her?. 
THe thing is I think to be successful I need her involved in my recovery. My alcoholism affected our family and I feel like my recovery needs to be with the whole family. I need to put her and her needs first because I have been selfish and self-seeking for so long. I did talk with her and she seems open to finding some way to help in recovery so I'll take what I can get and hopefully I can help her with all the wreckage I have caused. 
This sounds like my life when I got sober...exactly.  I asked my wife to go to al-anon but she refused.  It really bothered me that I was working so hard on making myself better yet she was doing nothing to get herself better.  .I finally had to learn and accept that I had absolutely no control over her feelings/actions.  She was absolutely justified in being mad at me and never trusting me.  I realized that the only way for me to gain anything back was to prove it on a daily basis with my actions and not my words.  3.4 years later things are great.  Good luck!
I'm very lucky to have a supportive wife. I don't feel pressure from her to stay sober which helps me.  If she isn't willing to support you or get help herself then that's not a healthy marriage. 
Continuous long term sobriety is - to all intents and purposes  the ONLY amend that means anything at this point.   And in some instances it will not heal the hurt.  But it is all you can do.  
You are powerless over the way she deals or not with your situation. Words have no meaning for her right now. Just make sure deliver on any promise you make. Time is your friend. Good luck.
