-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wo3sf/im_starting_to_think_that_my_addiction_is_a/

Hello everyone..I have a pretty deep relationship with alcohol. It makes me happy. It gives me confidence even when I'm not drinking it's just nice to know that you have something to fall back on. I just can't live without and I've made a deal with myself. That I'd rather die earlier (I'm 17) than live without alcohol.. It made sense to me it did but I talked to a teacher at my school today and it made me think of the second time that I tried to quit. I was at that point where I could tell myself no even though I was craving for it immensely. What if I've passed the point of being able to control myself?? What if it's really getting out of hand now?..I was sober for 28 days before relapsing two days ago. I made skittles vodka the night before and couldn't sleep so excited was I to drink again. I felt like I could take over the world. I started drinking at 8am with my friend. We got some breakfast and we both headed to school. I didn't know that skittles vodka is practically pure so I've had about 70cl of pure vodka I think. It went terrible and my friend had to bring me to his house to sleep. I couldn't walk or talk and I fell on the floor couldn't get up it was just terrible. All that happened at school so I missed some classes too....I see how it's bad but I could just drink less? Because I'd feel miserable without I'm sure that I will. I don't want to handle my feelings by myself anymore I *need* this...I've also noticed that I've stopped caring about a lot of things. The teacher I talked about before and I were getting a bit too close and I noped myself out of there and started avoiding him. But now I don't care anymore really. But there are also positive aspects such as using alcohol to motivate myself for school. I've been doing great since I've made that promise to myself.....Am I lying to myself? I'm afraid that maybe I'm not rationally thinking at all... But I wouldn't know what else to do and I don't want to lose this feeling...Edit: guys I think that I'm going to give this sober life another chance. I'm just going to forget about it and move on. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's your choice whether you want to drink or not drink and it's none of our places to tell you not to. If you can honestly tell yourself that you're happy with this drinking lifestyle and all the negative consequences you will face because of it(there will be negatives) then there's no reason  to quit.
If you're asking for permission to drink it's not our place. You describe what I call a love affair with alcohol. That's how I felt also until alcohol betrayed me turned on me and the love affair went very bad. Alcohol fooled me into thinking it was a spiritual experience when really it was nothing more than empty promises. But only you can decide. Right now I think you are in the "love" stage; beware because it doesn't last.  
I'm not sure if your questions are rhetorical so I'm not sure how to respond. Other than to say that if you're gung-ho on dying young then you've chosen a spectacular way to get that accomplished. I've seen more than one person do it unfortunately...You won't get anywhere asking a bunch of drunks if wrapping your life around alcohol is a good idea or not. Pretty much everyone here would tell you it isn't and that they regret the time they spent doing it to one extent or another. ..As /u/debtsetradio said there will be negatives to living a life like you're outlining. That's the only thing anyone can be sure of.
If you came here then clearly you have some misgivings. Being fall down drunk in - what high school? Is concerning no matter who or what you are. ..Other commenters here seem keen to tip toe and be respectful and speak from the I which is the millieu of this sub and recovery community as a whole for good reason. But if youre asking point blank then I wouldn't have much trouble saying youre on a bad path. 
Alcohol is a dark path if you choose to follow it.  You can learn to cope and enjoy life without alcohol.  It may take some work but it is worth it.  Many of us here are just now figuring this out after many years in the bottle.  Read some of the stories on this sub.  These are real people that have suffered and lost because of alcohol.  I think SOmuch2learn said it well in their comments to you.
It is good you are aware this subreddit exists and are reaching out to it...The first time I visited this subreddit years ago I did not feel like I was an alcoholic. I sobered up but it did not last. I felt normal again and thought I could drink normally. After blacking out a bunch gaining weight straining relationships etc I got sober with this subreddit again...I've since relapsed a few more times but returned to this subreddit. The first time I read the posts here I found nothing relatable to me personally. Now years later after my relapses stuff is finally clicking...I am not the smartest guy but I was really stubborn towards reality when it came to alcohol. So instead of heeding to the advice of others I had to go out there and make all the mistakes...Most recent relapse resulted in a DWI. I'm 26 and I never got in trouble with the law before now. Basically things only get worse and worse if I try to try to reintroduce alcohol into my life.
