-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wrk2f/6_years_of_sobriety_today_one_day_at_a_time/

IMO Anniversaries are important even if solely to provide those who are still struggling an example and even hope if they are willing to work for it. ..Let me get a few things out of the way:.-everything I say here you can assume it falls under "IMO". I will still try to state I believe or IMO however I am by no means stating things as fact. I am only speaking from my experience. ..-if you are struggling with addiction get help. YOU DESERVE IT. .-I believe sobriety is one day at a time.-AA has been one of the most powerful tools for my sobriety.--I am an atheist. This has not once gotten in the way of the messages I have learned from AA. Don't let it be an excuse for not going and asking for help. .-I believe if you want sobriety you must do whatever it takes. In my life I would have died from alcohol and drugs had I not chose to whole heartily pursue sobriety. .-after years of sobriety I am still terrified by things in life from time to time. The only difference is that I have healthy tools to get through what life throws at me..-I believe ultimately you are responsible for your own sobriety. ..Addiction is an awful depraved slow way to kill yourself. I still remember what active addiction is like. I can instantly remember the seemingly endless turmoil I brought on myself and those around me.  However I can also look back on my sobriety and see how far I have come. I am proud of how I have changed my life for the better something that was previously foreign to me. I know longer have the general haze in my mind or constant angst over my next drink or drug. ..I believe you cannot start lasting sobriety alone and I do not suggest you try to.  I did not get sober on my own. I did not get sober overnight. I struggled awfully once I decided I wanted to get sober. In the beginning I refused help and the haze of what was probably detox was as bad as active addiction as far as trying to function to any degree. Even if I held onto a few days or weeks of sobriety at a time I didn't have the tools to not go back out. ..I sought help. I went to a weekend rehab and finally paid attention or at least I was so mentally and physically beat up that I was willing to try anything. I had been to weekend rehabs and classes mandated by a judge before but the last time I went for me. I started going to AA. as an atheist I did not let talk of god or a higher power confuse the reason for why I was there. I don't* kneel and pray or ask forgiveness from any sort of higher being. I listened to what people had to say and slowly realized that I was not alone. Nothing that I had done was as terrible as I made it out to be and to the non-addicted they would most certainly disagree. But the people in the rooms of AA had been there and done that. They were just as beaten up as I was but they had turned things around. I wanted to be happy and live a long life. That is what the people in AA showed me without me even asking how that it was possible. ..I started participating. Before I could really grasp what sobriety was I decided to be brutally honest about myself with others that were going through the same thing. With them I decided to shed modesty and told my story. I made commitments to be coffee maker and secretary at meetings. Little responsibilities went a long way for saving my life. ..Nowadays I still go to meetings chair if asked talk to newcomers and try to listen to every word I can at meetings. I personally must remain constantly mindful of my disease. The burden and weight on my shoulders has lifted but I have not forgotten. I am not better then my disease and I have no doubt it would eventually kill me if I went back out. There is nothing more serious in my life and I hope that if you are struggling and reading this I hope you come to a similar realization. Get help. You deserve it. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. ..*edit. The original post said do when I intended to write don't. 
----------immediate responses--------

:) beautiful.  Congratulations. Thanks for sharing.
Awesome congrats!
Congratulations! Definitely inspirational :)..'Rumours flyin' all over town but it's stones and sticks/'cus on the microphone is where I get my fix/let the lovin' take a hold on me 'cus it will if you let it/I'm funky not a junkie but I know where to get it...'
Thank you for your words of wisdom and for reaching out to us newbies with them. Congratulations on your 6 years of life! :-)
Outstanding!  Thanks for sharing your powerful story.
[deleted]
Awesome! Keep coming back.
Great message congrats!
Well said. I felt like I was reading my own story. Congrats. 
&gt;  I do kneel and pray or ask forgiveness from any sort of higher being...Dont.. right?  sorry.  I loved your post.  
Thank you. I'm new to this sub just decided a week ago to go to an inpatient program. I'm thankfully not in trouble or being forced to go I just realized that I drink myself to sleep every night and am sick of being a slave. I'm scared to death but hopeful. I'm pretty independent and one of the hardest things was opening up and admitting that I need help. I am embarrassed and feel guilty for putting my loved ones through this (I'm 39 my folks are driving me several hours on Wednesday and are completely supportive but I feel like a failure.) Your post and this entire sub has been a God-send. 
Alleluia! Thanks for sharing this milestone and especially how you did it. It brings hope to those struggling and inspiration to old timers like me. 
Thank you so much for your post. Our community needs all the success stories!
CONGRATS!!!! ..Thanks for the inspiration. From being an atheist to rehab believing in AA and getting involved in service I am basically duplicating your philosophy. I am still just a newbie but it is so good to hear that this stuff works.   
Congrats!
