-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wruqr/day_zeroi_might_be_going_to_rehab_this_week/

(note that this post contains descriptions of drinking and may be triggering)..I was off work yesterday and tried to keep myself occupied all day. Around 6 I started craving. I tried to ride it out but I couldn't. I can't bullshit you all and say it "overpowered" me or anything. I made the conscious decision around 7:30 to walk to the liquor store and picked up a bottle of vodka... I dealt with the craving by giving into it.....I don't remember much. This morning I poured the last bit of it out on my wood floor in front of my space heater and watched it evaporate. That was oddly nice...I sort of remember talking to my dad last night. I told him that I have a problem and can't control my drinking. I told him I want to go to rehab. He is supportive. We work at the same store and he tried to get me to call off today but I wouldn't. He was drunk most of my life so he knows what it's like... He was friendlier than normal today. He called several rehabs and I may be going on Monday or Tuesday...I have been hospitalized for mental health reasons twice before and one time I was placed in a mental hospital's detox ward as they didn't have room anywhere else so I sort of know what it's like and well I'm not terrified. I'm not looking forward to it either. I don't want to leave my life for a bit (assuming that I do go inpatient) because I like my life. But I am willing to go. If it helps me stop drinking then I'm definitely willing...I am a nice attractive intelligent cool good valuable person who has a lot to offer to the world. I'm not being arrogant I'm just having basic self-esteem (something I've developed over the past few years!). And I deserve better than this. I want to make my life better and I'm the one who has to do it...8 days is still a lot for me and I'm proud of it. I have concrete and undeniable proof for myself that I feel better not drinking than drinking. I guess it's good that I'm even considering it a relapse/lapse because that's proving to me that I really do want to quit!..I am nervous and scared about going to rehab... The R word... It feels so... final. Like hey I can't lie to myself about my alcoholism ever again! And I'll have to take time off of work... I don't think I'm feeling anything abnormal about it though. I don't know!! If anyone has any advice/tips/stories/helpful info/idk about rehab I would love to hear it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this post.   I wish you the best of luck as you move forward.
I had to go to rehab after many failed attempts at getting sober.  I deserved the chance and so do you! Give it a go what have you got to loose.  One tip I will give you is be as honest as you can.  That way you can get the right help. Good luck I hope it works out for you.
I went to rehab in September it was a really great experience. I was terrified going in as I'm sure everyone is but those fears were quickly put to rest. It was tough at times fun at times boring at times but overall it was very positive and it may sound odd but some days I miss it...Someone on here ages ago said it's like a vacation from life and I found that to be very true. ..If you have any questions feel free to ask. 
Rehab was a wonderful experience. I hope you go because it laid the foundation for a lifetime of recovery for me. It's an opportunity that few people have the chance to take time to just focus on yourself. Follow the rules. Do assignments. Hang with people who want to get well. Listen. Laugh. Learn. And follow discharge recommendations. You'll be fine!
They tried to make me go to rehab.  I said "No no no."
So I know this is outside the norm but... I don't believe in rehab.  I believe in a true desire to quit a great support system counseling and using the tools that you can to stay sober. I know this basically explains rehab but for the most part in my personal experiences the only people who did inpatient rehab all relapsed. I believe that this because they weren't ready. If you are really ready then do it because it's a tool to help you along the way but if you aren't really ready to commit then don't waste the money or time...I don't mean for this to sound rude or condescending. I believe you can get sober it's wether or not you believe and are ready. I'm rooting for you. 
Rehab is an opportunity for health and happiness. Grab onto all of the tools they offer and save your life. You do deserve awesomeness! We'll be here when you can reach out.
You deserve an opportunity to enjoy being a nice attractive intelligent cool good valuable persons.  Take this opportunity go to rehab learn everything you can.  You deserve it...I was suffering from anxiety and beating myself up because I couldn't process and control the part of my life that was to blame.  It look a long while but I finally went to the doctor I got some meds and I started going to a therapist.  I was terrified of it all but I'm so happy I found help.  ..Use this opportunity.  I don't know what your life looks like time away from work is often difficult but I promise you that making up the lost wages is easy compared a life outside of your control.
