-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wt4u2/staying_sober_on_super_bowl_sunday_we_can_do_it/

Posting this partly as a reminder to myself but also just reaching out for support. There aren't too many articles that I found about tips for staying sober during the Super Bowl specifically. [But this one is pretty good](http://www.lakeviewhealth.com/blog/aftercare-and-relapse-prevention/staying-sober-super-bowl/). Sounds a lot like tips for parties in general but to me big events that are "special" and specifically drinking centered are always the hardest...Tips summarized from the article: ..* Have an exit plan if it's too much and just leave. And remember you don't have to do something you don't want to. If you're just going to be polite you don't have to. If you want to watch the game you can do it on your own..* If you are going to a party bring something that you like: snacks dessert soft drinks. You can make the day special for you too just not with alcohol..* Bring a support for someone else may help you stay accountable and sober too. Make it part of your service to help someone else out. Give some advice or find a place for you and a newly sober friend to enjoy the day without alcohol...What tips have worked for you in the past? What other tips do you have to stay sober for this weekend?
----------immediate responses--------

Hang on is it Super Bowl Sunday? That's my plan to stay sober. ;) Hm but since it's a holiday I should make some snacks too! ..I think those are all good suggestions. I'm not into football but if I wanted to watch I'd just watch at home. Someone else posted good advice - remember to IGNORE all of the alcohol related commercials!..Another good suggestion might be to have this sub open on a smartphone in case backup support or advice is needed.
Don't have that first drink...period. IF you don't have the first the rest can't follow. Enjoy the game; go Broncos!.
I know this will be harder for some than others but go to a party where alcohol won't be served.  I hope this will help me out for tonight.
I'm just going to stay in. Parties aren't fun for me anymore so I don't think I'll be missing out
 Don't pick up any beverage but your own.* 
I had a party at my house for the playoffs a couple of weeks ago. Managed to not have a drink and by the end of it was happy I was sober. It was very entertaining to see my friends drunk and see what idiots they could be. Shrug not sure why but I enjoyed watching the change from sober to drunk. I also drank a lot of soda concentrated on putting out snacks and went to bed early. 
I am going to a party that will have great food and I'm looking forward to it.. The people in attendance are friends I feel comfortable around and one of my good friends in attendance is also sober. I think it may be easier than Christmas with my family as none of these folks make me want to jump out of my skin. ;)..I plan to check in with this sub if I need to or to just leave and go home if I start feeling uncomfortable. I doubt I'll stay for the whole game. I just want some Super Bowl snacks. 
Bring a non alcoholic drink you enjoy in case they only have beer! Luckily the game is on a Sunday so you can tell people you have a big day at work tomorrow and don't want to be hungover :-) 
I was a bit nervous about the party I planned to attend today. I think God bailed me out by sending a _wicked_ case of the stomach flu. Uhhmm thanks?
I'm staying home. The wiffy is making a spread. Even if the thought to drink was present I'm just done. I can't wake up hungover and then start the cycle over again. Ugh. Done.
I hosted Sober Bowl last year.  This year a friend Don is hosting a Sober Bowl party.  He went through his Facebook friends list and invited everyone in recovery.  It will probably be the safest Super Bowl party ever...edit: I ate too much chilli potato chips bruschetta veggies and dip pizza chips and salsa and drank too much pop.  Seriously a first world problem.  Not a single drop of alcohol anywhere in the house.  
Thanks for posting this very helpful. One of the biggest helps to me is that I hate football (gasp! Sorry guys basketball is my sport o' choice) so today is going to be fun around town. But this list I use all the time if I'm feeling not so confident. Thanks for the reminder and go Chicken/nondomesticated ungulates or whatever's playing today!
I'm going to a movie with a friend this afternoon then avoiding the sports bar scene by grabbing food at Wendy's then watching the game at her place.
I'm having family over to my house all of whom don't drink so it's safe and perfect .
good advice thanks
[deleted]
I'll be working...behind a sports bar. If *I* can stay sober today anyone can! =P
I turned down going to a superbowl party. .I am staying the hell at home today haha.
Only take a shot if the Atlanta Falcons score.  
I'm going to an anti sport Superb Owl party at an AA friend's house. It was always just an excuse to party and I like these folks. I'm sure the game will be on for both people who care but it's not the focus. ..Plus if it sucks my house is like a 30 second walk away.
Know what I care about this SB Sunday?? THE FOOOOOD!
I've been trying to eat healthier since getting sober but today I'm allowing myself to eat some junk food like chips and soda because it's a special occasion and I'm saving tons of calories by not drinking. Dr. Pepper tastes way better than nasty light beer anyways! Also for  me it helps to remember that this is just another day. When I was drinking I didn't need an excuse like the Super Bowl to get drunk I got drunk every night regardless of what day it was. Good luck everybody! 
This wasn't as difficult for me as I thought it would be. I mean I knew I wouldn't drink I went to my friend's place and it was a byob. While I could have asked a friend for a couple I never liked doing that even prior to taking some time off. ..My main concern was enjoying the game while being with people who were drinking. I showed up maybe like a half hour before the game began and most of my friends were already there playing one of my favorite drinking games. That was probably the closest I got all night to quickly leaving to get some. But I actually found a fair amount of encouragement from them in my goal of taking a month off. I think since I was there not drinking on Super Bowl Sunday of all days made it clear to them that I am serious about taking time off. ..As the game began obviously a much smaller emphasis was placed on drinking. My friends kept on drinking but not like they had been all afternoon. Some of my friends got to the point that I knew I would have gotten to. That point where you know you drank too much. It doesn't necessarily result in bad decisions or puking but it is not enjoyable. Particularly for one of my friends you could just tell he was no longer enjoying what should have been a really fun night and I know that had I gotten and brought beer with me I would have joined...It's funny I actually have quite a bit of beer in my mini fridge and it would have taken me minutes to get it. But seeing my friend get to that point just made me realize what a great decision it was not to. ..Now my friends were all over the spectrum. My one friend got really drunk a couple of them got close to that place but switched to water but a lot of them were drinking casually just taking it easy so it really was no problem just sitting there without pounding them down. ..The best part of all is that tomorrow I won't wake up with a hangover and will instead be able to go for a nice jog. If I run into my friend who drank too much and he complains about his hangover I'll mention to him that that's a big reason why I'm taking some time off. But all considering the encouragement that I got from some of my friend combined with having a fun time and getting some reinforcement as to why I'm taking time off made going to the superbowl party a great decision.
I put on my tightest skinny jeans. When I arrived to the party I craved a beer like crazy but after stuffing my face-hole with an insane amount of food there was no room left in my skinny jeans for even a drop of beer. 
