-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1wxsms/365_first_days_of_sobriety/

I've never counted the weeks the months or the fractional year(s) that I haven't had a drink. I'm not "1 year sober" "365 days sober" or "52 weeks" I try my hardest to not get overwhelmed by numbers that always feels like too big of a responsibility to me. A lot of pressure comes with the idea that I haven't had a drink in a year. Granted a lot of pride comes with that statement as well and today is the first day since February 2013 that I have thought about it in terms of time...This is one of my few posts on /r/stopdrinking but I want to thank you guys your posts your words of encouragement your stories you have all been a huge part in my success. Knowing that I can go to AA once or twice a week and then at any time come here where others understand my struggles successes and everything else that comes with this; that has made this all a whole lot easier. ..So thank you guys I've got 365 first days down let's hope for many more one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done. Don't be a stranger.
Happy anniversary!
[deleted]
Awesome!  Congratulations!..No pressure man just one day at a time.
Awesome job... It's indeed one day at a time but take some time to celebrate your achievement too. That's no small feat! Keep up the good work.
:) congratulations.
grats. a year is amazing!
Yes I will reach this milestone
Thanks for sharing this awesome milestone with us. Your post lets people know that recovery is possible and gives hope. 
[deleted]
You are awesome and an inspiration to us all.
Long live the King!..Nice job.
Happy Sobrie-day!  :)
Good work. Just consider yourself as someone who hasn't had alcohol in a while. I consider myself someone who smoked in college and now I don't not as a "5 year non smoker." 
So glad you posted on your anniversary.  May you have many happy returns!
Happy re-Birthday!  Thanks for the inspiration and congrat's!
