-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1x0kxs/im_done_trying_to_moderate/

It always ends in disaster. I've had a recurring cycle over the last 5 years of: I need to control my drinking success for awhile then a crazy binge then I stop drinking. After a few days/weeks/months the pain and embarrassment of the binge fades and I start thinking 'I can moderate now' And the cycle repeats. I'm sick of the drunk injuries I'm sick of the struggle of having 2 drinks but wanting more. I give up. ..I have some reservations about AA seeing as I've only gotten drunk about 5 times in the last year but previous to that I did drink nearly every day I know it's not a pissing contest of who is the craziest alcoholic but I've gone to meetings before and felt out of place. I just know I've also failed every other time I've tried to quit by myself...edit: fixing mobile typos
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I give up...That's what I did too.  It just wasn't worth the struggle..."A wise person would retreat when fighting a losing battle; a foolish person would fight until there is nothing left to lose."..Wise move.  Welcome.
You have to surrender to win :-).Remember the big book advocates trying some controlled drinking as a test to see if you are an alcoholic. Seem's you are one of us :-)
I found it exhausting trying to control my drinking; quitting altogether was actually a relief. 
Right now I'm kind of terrified at the idea of 'never drinking for the rest of my life' so I have to keep reminding myself of all the bad shit that happens when I drink. :(
I tried many times I can't took many failures for it to finally stick for me. Moderation doesn't work for me it's an impossible dream.
I haven't been able to moderate my drinking since... well since I was a teenager and started drinking.  Of course I wasn't trying to moderate back then I was trying to get straight fucked up.  And I did.  I got wasted and I learned to binge drink.  By the time began to realize I had a problem back before I really admitted it to myself it was too late for moderation.  Now here I am.  ..But I was sober today and I'll be sober tomorrow.
&gt; I have some reservations about AA seeing as I've only gotten drunk about 5 times in the last year but previous to that I did drink nearly every day I know it's not a pissing contest of who is the craziest alcoholic but I've gone to meetings before and felt out of place...Thanks for sharing this.  It's funny.  I've met people at meetings who were maintenance drinkers and would only have 2-3 drinks per night.  I've also met people who were in blackouts for days/weeks at a time.  Me I was somewhere in the middle...The commonality between me and these other two groups is that when we WANTED to stop drinking we simply couldn't.  We had to seek the support of some other people who were having the same problem.  ..Glad you're here and sharing.  I definitely went through that same cycle of attempted moderation and continued failure to moderate.  Things get better my friend!
