-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1x7hck/my_journey_to_date/

It has been one month now since I quite drinking. With one night of faulter; I finally made it to an Aa meeting. Wow did I feel out of place the stories that where being told I did not relate to at all. I will try another group. Biggest struggle for me is keeping my emotions even I have no want or craving to drink unless my emotions are flying out of control; being very emotional with anxiety and social anxiety this happens easily. What does this mean for me; quitting caffeine and junk foods anything that causes my emotions to swing. Exercise eating clean and healthy. Caring for myself looking after me and my household better this includes dealing with old medical issues. Meditation and self reflection along working with a therapist. Lots of stretching. Probably one of the best things for me is pushing myself to socialize and get out...My alcoholism was a way to stay away from people and hang out with myself and alcohol; so for me I have found socialization and keeping my emotions even keel has been very important...Take care in all your journeys
----------immediate responses--------

You sound a lot like me. I *hated* socializing or even just being around people I didn't know. Because of this I spent years drinking alone and watching T.V./playing video games and thinking I would be a forever alone type.  Surprise surprise once I got sober I met knew friends and now am even in a relationship. Who would have thought giving up a depressant would improve one's mood ;)..Congrats on your progress you seem to know exactly what you need to do so I have no doubts you'll get out there and make some new friends!  
yup I have very much been like that challenge now is trying to find ways to meet people. I live in a big city but it is known as a fairly lonely city. How long have you been sober now ?
Great post and thanks for posting. This really resonates with some of my struggles. Putting mental reminders in place regarding how my brain plays tricks on me has been a challenge. Anxiety is a wicked liar. I feel better and better the more steps I take to be healthy. Good luck on your journey as well and please keep posting it helps a lot.
