-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1x7zf0/looking_for_some_guidance/

Hey guys I'm having quite the dilemma right now. Tomorrow will be 9 months sober for me however I'm not sure if I deserve it or not. About 2 weeks ago I bought some generic night time sleep aid from Walgreens and I took a couple.  I liked the way it felt so over the course of the next few days I took more not to help me fall asleep but because I liked the way it made me feel. I realized that I was taking a mood altering substance (albeit an over-the-counter "non habit-forming" sleep aid) so I called my sponsor and spoke with people at my sober house. I've received conflicting answers on whether it was a relapse or not. I feel like I'd be a liar if I accepted my 9 month medallion tomorrow due to my abuse of said sleep aid. I haven't used any drugs or drank (I'm an alcoholic) in these 9 months but my gut tells me I've relapsed. I would love to hear your input or similar experiences Thanks.   
----------immediate responses--------

The amount of months you have racked up is insignificant to your honesty and accountability that you are showing right now.  In my opinion those things are much more likely to keep you sober and happy as you move forward..Get advice; pray on it; and make your own decision.  You will do what is right in your mind and that is all that matters.  Kudos to you and the great program you are working!
If you are anything like me you probably suffer from a lot of self-hatred. This means that you are just looking for a reason to make yourself feel bad. ..It sounds like you've had a close call but I don't think you've relapsed. There may be an important lesson for you to learn here though. At some point in the future you may have to take medication that has the potential to be addictive. It is so easy to slip from taking a drug to treat symptoms to taking it because you like the feeling. We all need to be careful. You deserve credit for understanding your situation this time. It sounds like you made a mistake and you feel bad about it - that's enough. ..I think you should accept your 9 month medal because you deserve it. I think you are being unfair to call yourself a liar - I doubt that the average liar would confess their lies on Reddit :) What would you say to somebody you loved in the same situation? .
For what it's worth I really find myself looking forward to my coffee more now and I was never much of a coffee drinker before. I like that I drink it rarely enough that I can really feel it kick in. And I don't think that makes me "not sober."..I also really like to drink a cup of sleepytime tea now. It makes me feel pretty mellow. Same deal...I do think you are wise to monitor as it sounds like "drug-seeking behaviour" as they call it but I don't think it would qualify as a relapse..
I would vote no on calling that a relapse.  Losing your 9 months could bring you closer to a "real" drinking relapse.  ..I think asking about it and showing concern over this is actually a very positive reflection on your commitment to recovery.  ..Congrats on your milestone as well!
At the moment I'm taking _4_ mood altering drugs. All prescribed legally obtained and taken ask per doctor's instructions. They help me stay sober. ..I don't give a flying fuck if other people think I'm not 'technically' sober. I'd probably have killed myself by now without this medication. ..What matters is how you feel. Do you feel like you abused the medication (on purpose)? It sounds more like you took it a few times realized there was a problem and then you stopped. Sounds good to me. ..P.S. I "like" the way my medication makes me feel. It helps me not feel like disaster is imminent every moment of the day it helps me not cry every morning it helps me not feel so afraid that I can't get out of my bed. I'd still go up and get a chip and fuck anybody who tries to tell you otherwise.
Thanks for all the advice folks it has helped immensely! 
