-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xd186/second_day_for_the_second_time/

When I first started seriously getting sober last summer it was terrifying and exciting. Every new milestone felt like a celebration every craving an impossible struggle. I lasted about 3 months and managed to keep my drinking under some kind of control for a couple of more. Went to few meetings but didn't stick with them. ..I went to a meeting today. No rock-bottom wake-up moment just finally managed to overcome that "I'll get sober next week" voice. I know it's a victory but it doesn't quite feel like one. Getting sober doesn't seem like a great prize to strive for anymore just a mountain of hard work. ..The meeting today was about the seventh step and humility so that felt appropriate. I'm going to another one tomorrow and I'll stick with it but if anyone has any words of inspiration I could use them. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Don't worry about what you are feeling or not feeling. You are exactly where you should be. Even if you'd felt victorious and relieved right now those feelings would have faded sooner or later. That's what feelings do (to our sorrow and to our comfort). What you need is not a strong charge of emotions to shoot you off like a rocket towards sobriety but a *daily* source of peace humility awakening and gratitude. I am finding that via my sponsor the 12-step programme and meditation practice. It's a slow journey always incomplete but I'm glad I'm doing it..Good luck. Remember you don't need to see the solution you just need to have a general idea of its direction and walk that way. :)
In the beginning most tasks seem very daunting.  You just need to break it down day by day.  That way the task becomes a bit more manageable.  Well done on your previous attempts and good luck with your new one!
Hey overcoming the "I'll get sober next week"-voice--is quite an accomplishment.  Since alcoholism is a mental disorder overcoming that voice is overcoming the active voice of the disease.  Congratulations and welcome back.
