-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xdnq4/new_here_7_days_sober/

I'm new here and I'm just starting to use Reddit even though I've had my account for a while so if I do something wrong let me know...I'm a gay high school teacher living in a small town with my boyfriend working on my masters degree and building my resume so we can move somewhere better for us. Since we moved here two and a half years ago my drinking has become progressively more out of control. In the middle of January I got so drunk that I broke my boyfriend's lucky bamboo which was the first present I gave him when we starting our relationship. A few days later I rolled off the bed and cut my head and face open on the night stand. My boyfriend bandaged me up and sterilized my wounds. He said I really should have gone to the ER it was so bad. I've also had to take several days off of work because of my addiction to alcohol. I virtually ruined my boyfriend's birthday last summer when I had so much to drink at a club we went to while on vacation that I started screaming at the hotel and almost got kicked out (don't remember it)...I'm trying to stay sober. I had an 8 day run in January with no alcohol and then I drank some whiskey while my boyfriend was out of town with my mother to take care of some paperwork. (He's from another country and has to keep his information up to date.) The last drink I had was February 1 so I have seven days and I'm looking for the strength to make it. This past week I've been working out more at the gym eating healthier and even listening to different music and visiting different sites to try to help me. Before this I was on 9gag (I was drunk; don't judge me) so I needed a change but mostly I just need to stay sober. I'm using a stop drinking app on my phone to track my sober days and it seems to help because I can see where my red days are (drinking) versus my green days (sober). My boyfriend says he's proud of me but it's a daily struggle. There are some days I have these intensely strong cravings for alcohol. At night I sometimes start trembling almost like I'm having a seizure. I don't remember it but my boyfriend tells me. I'm sure I'm still experiencing effects of withdrawal. I'm also tired and listless much of the time and I have a hard time concentrating. I'm just trying to remember that reality is painful sometimes but I've avoided reality for far too long. I'm ready to change...Sorry this is so long. I've been looking at some other posts and stories and some of what's been posted here is very inspiring. Thanks for listening so long to a newbie.
----------immediate responses--------

Keep it up! Thanks for sharing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Congratulations on 1 weeks sober.  It sounds like the app has been a useful recovery tool.  I made many attempts back-to-back trying to quit.  I'd make it a week sometimes but usually didn't make it more than 3-4 days.  For one I bought into the idea that if I failed to make it a week I was a failure.  I was drinking as a result of feeling like a failure so the obvious cycle perpetuated itself...If I have any advice to share at this point it would be to stack the card in your favor.  Learn everything you can about alcohol.  I'm sure your use multiple examples when you are teaching students just to drive the point home?  Give every recovery tool you can find a shot and not one at a time either.  Use your app visit this group talk to your physician if you don't have a therapist get one if you are religious talk to the leader of your church (I'm an atheist by-the-way)..
Welcome to r/stopdrinking and sharing with us.
Welcome! Keep reading and posting. I think you will find your life gets better in ways you don't even expect!
I too am a small town HS teacher - it's stressful!  I'm sure your sexual orientation is an added stressor in that environment whether you're "out" or trying to keep it private. You know what?  It's a hell of a lot less stressful going in w/o a hangover. Because of my job I attend AA mtgs about 1/2 hour away - a possibility for you?  Check out the right sidebar on this subreddit - I've never used it but there's a "chat room" - might come in handy. Keep posting I've got the aa big book on my phone I believe through "Georgia Sobriety". Some of it seems kind of dated but it works for a lot of people and I look at it as one of many tools in my box. Carr's book is on order. Checking out SMART Recovery. There's a new SMART Recovery /r/ starting up too. One of the posts has an interesting PDF that I need to look into on a real computer and print out. Sounds like you have a caring supportive partner. You've got a lot of options / tools (I seem to overuse that word) at your disposal including us. Go for it!  What do you have to lose?  (And look at what you have to gain!). Welcome and hang in there!  (And look!  Your badge has a 1 in it that wasn't (or wouldn't have been) there yesterday!!!)
You've taken a huge first step and admitting that you have a problem is no easy task. I believe I know how you feel (I've tried to stop for years on my own willpower) and it is incredibly hard. It took in-patient treatment and months of out-patient programs for me to get any more than 5 days in a row sober so needless to say I'm proud of you. AA meetings are a HUGE help and I know that at least in larger cities there are LGBT AA meetings as well where you may feel more comfortable...Keep up the good work!   
I'm glad you found your way here. It helped me get my first several months of sobriety even without AA. You'll definitely start feeling physically better in your second week. Keep at it.
