-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xfzg7/having_a_really_down_day/

Daughter ran up a $500+ phone bill!  The marriage I took 19 years to sabotage is coming around way too slowly for self-pitying me. I've had few real urges to relapse but right now I'm glad there's no booze in the house to tempt me. I know I'd regret it I really don't think I'd succumb to temptation but it's nice that it's not there. Thanks to you all for your insights motivation and support. Consider your shoulders cried upon - now I'm gonna put on my big boy pants and get on with life!  Thanks friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's at times like these that it's so wise not to have alcohol within arm's reach. 
I know how you feel. Those bright days are easy to manage but as soon as life seems to throw everything at you at once sometimes there's the danger to rationalize "just one." Stay strong.
Some anonymous friend here gave me a month of Reddit Gold - Thank You for brightening up one of "those days."  Based on the message I'm assuming it was in response to this thread. The gesture was wonderful and the last benefit almost made me lol!!!; copied and pasted:.Extra site features.Extra perks.Discuss and get help on the features and perks at /r/goldbenefits.Grab a drink and join us in /r/lounge the super-secret members-only community that may or may not exist..
I'd call and bitch at the phone company until they got that thing down. Threaten to leave $500 is ridiculous. I would never pay that for one months bill. I'd walk away and let them write it off before paying that...As far as things with the wife just keep plugging away if you keep changing and working she will come around.
Somebody needs to pay that bill; is you daughter old enough to get a job?  Might be time to review your recovery tools; are there triggers you can more efficiently avoid/manage?  Find something you can do to decompress.  Go jobbing for 30 minutes it's a great way to clear your head (a) or vent (b)....34 days is something to be proud of.  
One day later the sun came up (even though it's below zero again) and I'm one more day sober!  Thanks for the positive vibes all.
