-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xjepp/struggling_lately/

I have made such big changes in my life and wonder if I'd be able to drink once in a blue moon. This is my first time quitting and my life has totally changed. No more unhealthy people my days/nights are filled with healthy activities that I really enjoy I take care of myself now I go to therapy weekly I respect my depression and anxiety and know how to deal with them in a healthy fashion. Sometimes I just want to go to happy hour and have a couple of drinks and leave it at that. I don't know if it's possible and have been toying with the idea of experimenting but I don't want to disappoint people or slowly end up where I was. It's unknown. ..I don't want to get wasted I do want to get a little buzz sometimes.  Alcohol was part of my problem for sure but it was that plus whatever drugs were around plus the constant of pot plus inadvertently getting addicted to doctor prescribed benzos plus surrounding myself with people who were really bad for me plus neglecting my mental health issues because I didn't realize how much I was harming myself. I eliminated a LOT of shit that had been plaguing me and am pretty curious about what would happen if I gave it a go. Maybe I'd go out to happy hour and not drink at all...I have no idea...Not sure why I'm posting because I know what people will say. That it hasn't worked for them and it isn't a good idea but I really want your thoughts anyhow. 
----------immediate responses--------

The first thing I'll say is that you never know what people here are going to say I'm often surprised myself. There is a lot of overlap from post to post but I'd say the going theme is just to encourage the OP and each other rather than just parrot the same one-liners over and over...I have found myself in your position a few times usually after watching an episode of How I Met Your Mother or It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia. On those shows I see a group of people older than me enjoying a couple of drinks together and it all seems to go so smoothly like there's no downside. But then I remind myself that the reason there's no downside is because it's fiction. The beer they are drinking on set isn't real heck Josh Radnor from HIMYM doesn't drink at all...I think you answered your own question in your first paragraph though when you said:..&gt; I have made such big changes in my life...No more unhealthy people my days/nights are filled with healthy activities that I really enjoy I take care of myself now I go to therapy weekly I respect my depression and anxiety and know how to deal with them in a healthy fashion...All of those positive changes didn't happen by accident. You made the choice to make your life more positive and you did it. You're being faced with another choice right now: do you want to try to 'just have a couple' something that carries a lot of risk and no real benefit or do you want to keep making the choice to make your life more positive?..I realize that I really loaded the question there but that's word for word what I say to myself when I see that stuff on TV and wonder if I could have a couple. ..Best of luck and keep up the good work!
I can't speak for you.  I can speak of 30-some years of experience and the thought scares the hell out of me.  YMMV.  Good luck whatever you decide.
for someone who seems to really like mood altering substances "a little buzz" sounds like slippery ground. but i can only think of it through my own lens and i know once in a blue moon and a little buzz are gateways to fucccccck it. 
The other thing that I'd encourage you to do is to go back to that first day when you stopped drinking: why did you stop?  Go back to that first week: were you feeling better?  Go back to that first month: were your relationships changing for the better?  What was the common thread that ran through these positive changes?..The buzz you miss; I was clearly missing that buzz by a wide margin at the end of my drinking. I went rapidly from buzz into the really bad shit.  I don't want to go back physically or mentally to the past.  
I have yet to find an instance where someone went back and had it work out for them. I think it's because you are feeling better since you quit that you forgot all the negative elements that go with drinking. It's almost like we develop an ignorance to potential previous suffering and/or pitfalls that come with it...You mentioned depression and anxiety. Alcohol exacerbates both. On a personal level anxiety was heightened after the fact. Usually during a hangover or when my body was attempting to detox...What do you gain from starting back up? Financially that is another expense that you currently don't have. Health wise you are taking a hit. You highly likely to regress into previous bad habits with drinking. Who knows it could spiral into something entirely worse...It's a risk that doesn't have any reward. I am sure we can go through the negative consequences but you know those. It might make you feel a certain way for a short time but then what? It's like a carrot leading a horse except the carrot is poisoned.
I'm interested in your question because if someone has drastically changed their life and mental outlook then is it really inc0nceivable that they can't become a normal drinker?  But then I also think if someone has drastically changed their life and mental outlook why do they still feel any need to drink?
My experience? I've "tried to have just a few" since realizing the negative effects of alcohol in my life about... five times maybe? And while each attempt at moderation has been different both in terms of length and success I can tell you that each one has eventually ended the same but worse; every single time...So I wish you the best. I almost feel as though everyone needs to experience this themselves before figuring out the exact severity of their problem. That being said; I wish I could go back to before I made the first attempt at moderation and told myself not to bother with it.
Would you take a sip of bleach if it gave you a buzz?
