-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xk548/struggling_with_a_higher_power/

Hello all...It's been about two weeks since I've drank/used. My mind is clearer and my body feels better. I've been going to meetings about six times a week and everybody keeps talking about how "it doesn't work unless you work the steps". I'm trying but I cannot get over the whole "giving myself to a higher power". I've been an atheist my whole life and I really can't buy the idea of a "God". The literature says something along the lines of "God as you understand him"; but I understand him to be non-existent. I prefer to think of the world in a sense of actions and reactions. I know that if I have one drink (action) I'll want another (reaction). I'm not really sure where I'm going with this but I want to stay clean and I want to work the steps; but the religious aspect of the program is just killing me. Any help would be very much appreciated..tl;dr: Atheist struggling to stay sober and the 12 steps are feeling overly-religious.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm an atheist and managed to make aa work for me. It saved my life actually. The steps were written long ago. The intrinsic meaning can be found if you remove the word "god". Wear your teflon shield and let what feels religious slide off. My sponsor told me that if I want people to accept my lack of belief then I owe it to them to accept their right to believe in "god". If some folks have power called god who helps them great but it doesn't have to be my path. See if you can look past the "religious" stuff. Try more than one meeting too. There are many atheists in aa. Hopefully you'll hear from some more of them here. 
GOD = Group Of Drunks = AA = Higher power for now.  Good luck.
Don't sweat it.    I know a guy that took three years to get to a third step.  He is over twenty years sober now.  ..I have yet to formally take any steps.     I think I will soon. ..They are merely suggestions.  ..These phrases make it easier for me and are my favorite. ..The only requirement is a desire to stop drinking. .....over to the care of god *as we understood him*...... No one among us has been able to maintain anything liken perfect adherence to these principles......with few exceptions our members find that they have tapped an unsuspected inner resource which they presently identify with their own conception of a Power greater than themselves. ..You can interpret things as you choose. ..The key for me is in just letting go.  I don't need to know why it works.  ..Even on days when I question if prayer makes sense I can't help but find that when I do it it puts my mind in a better place. ..Faith is possible without god.  If that is what you need.  .. 
Atheist / agnostic 12 steps:.We admitted we were powerless over alcohol that our lives had become unmanageable..Came to believe and to accept that we needed strengths beyond our awareness and resources to restore us to sanity..Made a decision to entrust our will and our lives to the care of the collective wisdom and resources of those who have searched before us..Made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves..Admitted to ourselves without reservation and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs..Were ready to accept help in letting go of all our defects of character..With humility and openness sought to eliminate our shortcomings..Made a list of all persons we had harmed and became willing to make amends to them all..Made direct amends to such people wherever possible except when to do so would injure them or others..Continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong promptly admitted it..Sought through meditation to improve our spiritual awareness and our understanding of the AA way of life and to discover the power to carry out that way of life..Having had a spiritual awakening as a result of these steps we tried to carry this message to alcoholics and to practice these principles in all our affairs.
God I could have written what you wrote exactly 1200 days ago!  It almost gave me a reason to go back out there. I'm so thankful I didn't. I hope you find your peace. 
[deleted]
Give it a fair shot and listen with an open mind to all the advice that you encounter.  ..Remember in the end that if it does not work for you Alcoholics Anonymous is not the only way to stay sober.
When I started in AA I considered myself an atheist. Actually because I knew that logically one cannot prove a negative I considered myself an agnostic. But I had faith that I was correct in my belief...The Big Book never asked me to believe in anything in particular. It told me to determine for myself what the word/idea "god" might mean in the context of my life. It said "seek" and so I sought first by setting aside everything I thought I knew or understood second-hand from preachers teachers and parents. I read authors as diverse as Joseph Campbell Emmit Fox Scott Peck Lao Tzu. I thumbed through quotes from St. Augustine Thomas Merton Rumi Dogen Einstein discussing life and what's behind it...I learned a lot. Or maybe I didn't learn anything. On the last page of the chapter "we agnostics" of the big book (don't have the page number handy) it says that the idea of god is within us. That was probably the case with me in retrospect. Point is the book said seek and I did what the book says. Look at the Herbert Spencer quote at the end of the book about "contempt prior to inquiry" and see if you can disagree...All this said yours is a 3rd step critique and I'm going to bet you that you haven't gotten there yet. Before you can start to work on step 3 you need to get step 2 down.
As an atheist the last thing I wanted to do on a Thursday night was sit in a small basement room of a church with a group of strangers many of them talking about how god saved their lives.  It wasn't until I hit rock bottom until I was willing to admit that *I* was my biggest enemy the very enemy that was ruining my life that I was willing and determined to *stop at nothing* to stop.  I read everything I use every recovery tool I can get my hands on.  I'm smart enough to know that those christians in that basement tapped into something I needed...When it came time to work the steps (I waited 5 weeks) I asked a christian to be my sponsor.  We've spent time talking about my HP.  I talked to him about the population of the earth and the scaled of the planet among other things that are bigger and more powerful than I can even truly wrap my brain around...Maybe you just need it badly enough.  Maybe the group you are going to is just too conservative.  While AA doesn't work for everyone it works for plenty of atheists.  Might be worth a second chance.  ..
[deleted]
[deleted]
