-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xk6vb/pink_cloud/

22 days sober...2 days off the weed too.  Everything seems to be going too well.  No cravings...been to the bar a couple times with my wife and didn't drink....so am I due for a rude awakening ?  Seems like I should have some struggles to report or some mental problems or something....this is not my first attempt at quitting so I do feel that I know more this time....also had a real close call on New Year's Eve and really should have got a DUI.  Also had an incident with the police and pot in a hotel...somehow talked my way completely out of that too.  So I feel like I've gotten out of 2 major issues recently so that is helping me focus. ..Just worried that this feeling is temporary and I will just wake up and say fuck it one day.  Today that didn't happen and when tomorrow gets here I will focus on just that too.  Just worried that's all....it's like a possible calm before the storm or something.
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety isn't about not drinking it's about becoming the type of person who doesn't drink. 
I used to also feel uncomfortable with the good days because I had this fear that the universe was getting ready to kick me in the balls. Life is what it is. I began to open myself fully to the good times and the most amazing thing happened - I started to have more good days. ..I think many of us fail to enjoy life because of the fear we might get hurt. The truth is that you can  *only ever enjoy life to the extent that you are willing to be hurt*. I numbed myself to life using alcohol but it meant that I missed the good as well as the bad. Please don't be afraid to enjoy your life. 
You better believe those "fuck it" days will happen. Repeatedly. But it is in anticipating them that we become able to fight them. It's the hardest battle there is at least internally speaking...But your pink cloud won't leave you forever. I think the early pink cloud is somewhat of a God-given gift to show you what is in store for you should you keep vigilant. Because as the initial one leaves and you feel as though you're cursed to live a lifetime of bland numbness - just as you're about to give up it creeps back in little by little. But this time it doesn't leave you. It's smaller; more subtle. But it's real...Your pink cloud is as real as you make it. There's centuries of sobriety on this subreddit that are proof of that fact.
Good job!  My quitting was pretty easy as well the worst part was getting rid of the habit of the after dark cocktail hour which I have found really was a habit more than anything else.  ..I think some of us have a chance in our lives to "grow up".  Whether or not we take that chance is up to us.
