-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xmh34/revelations_for_the_day/

"I get to keep this workout!"- We were running the stairs in class and I had a moment where I realized I could either slow down or speed up. I chose to speed up. I realized in the past I would have thought "If I kick this up I'll make up for that wine I'm going to have later!" In fact I bet my brain did go to that thought before I realized... "Wait a minute! There will be no wine! I actually get to "keep" all of this workout!" Awesomesauce...Also I had the realization that the easiest day to stay sober is the day after not drinking. So if you are struggling to get through today do it to grease the wheels for tomorrow...Hope everyone has a great day!
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great point. I've been tracking calories while trying to lose weight (I'm a terribly unhealthy eater when I drink) and it's amazing how effective a diet or a workout is when you're not budgeting in all those wasted calories.
For someone with 41 days sober you sure get a lot of upvotes from me /u/justsmurf.  Another great post/comment from you about living sober.
As someone that used MyFitness Pal to balance calories burned and alcohol consumed this really hit home. I managed that for years until.....I was drinking so many calories (1500/day) I couldn't burn them off. ..I stopped caring about cycling running and racing. ..I felt too bad in the morning to work out and was too drunk by the time I got home to care...55 lbs. later...I'm going to start fighting back. ..One of the mistakes I made in December was to get 2-3 days under my belt and then exercise and restrict calories...big mistake. I gave up on this and for the last month have made sobriety my number one priority which meant doing whatever I needed to do to get though an hour or a day. Sometimes that meant eating something to get though a craving. ..My rationale? Forget dropping weight if I don't drop alcohol first I'll never get healthy. 
That's a great way to look at it!  Exercise has been a huge part of my recovery and continues to be an exciting part of my life.  Keep it up!
Keep greasing dem wheels!  Well done.
