-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xmxf4/warning_about_liquid_medications/

I was prescribed a cough syrup yesterday and not only was alcohol not listed on the bottle or with it the bottle clearly stated not to drink alcohol with it.  .  .  .If a liquid medication says not to take with alcohol it doesn't seem like a stretch to conclude that it is alcohol free. THIS IS NOT TRUE.  Something in my head told me to look it up anyways and I'm glad I did because it contained alcohol.  .  .I know taking the medication wouldn't have broken my sobriety but the risk of relapse is not worth it. My doctor knows I'm a recovering alcoholic yet somehow this was overlooked.  He is a great doctor and I would never go anywhere else but it was a close call.  .  .  .Please be safe and never take any liquid medications without verifying with the manufacturer and the pharmacist that it is alcohol free.  .  .  .This has been a public service announcement by a very lucky person me.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the reminder.
Relapse justification #829: The doctor/pharmacist broke my sobriety. Might as well make it worthwhile!..I'm one hell of a lawyer inside my own twisted mind. It wouldn't be much of a stretch to picture me using Rx medication to justify another drunk. Thanks for sharing!
Always tell your doctor that you have a problem with alcohol and they will  usually prescribe something else.  That's what I did anyhow.
Pharmacists are often more aware of exactly what is in medicines than doctors are.
I had a list of the otc and rx drugs that were common offenders and lead to relapse... i no longer have it but i avoid ephedrine dxm and other shit that has room to be abused at all costs...If i'm prescribed something and there's no alternative I'd take it and be careful about administration. 
I thought the FDA required that alcohol be listed as an ingredient on the label?  Regardless it's better safe than sorry to double check. ..I will share one thing related to this -- I'm on Antabuse so I have a very strong reaction to anything with alcohol in it. I've had to stop eating certain desserts and change my mouthwash because of it. But the good part of that is I can't "accidentally" drink alcohol while I'm on the pills. Well I recently came down with a really bad cold and went to the drug store in desperate need of relief. I brought home super-duper-extra-strength-kick-its-fucking-ass (or however it was labeled) Mucinex. I took it and was terrified at how similar it tasted to alcohol. I re-read the label and it didn't say it had any but it sure tasted like it did. I waited for the reaction but it never came. No alcohol but whatever they use really mimics the taste/burn. Luckily it didn't work too well on my cold so I don't bother taking it anymore. 
