-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xp1ek/revelation/

I'm not really sure what the deal is with my badge but my sobriety date is 11-12-13 so I've got 90 days today. Anyway......The last three months have been a fucking roller coaster of hell fire. Shit has hit the fan repeatedly. People close to me have have let me down and I've returned the favor. I spent weeks completely broke. I've failed at countless things. I've walked away from relationships and from plans I thought were solid. I took to my bed for a weekend with what I thought was the flu but later found to be more of an existential crises. My life has been scattered to the winds and I have only just begun to pick up the pieces. I stand before you (metaphorically speaking) a young woman who has been tried by fires of her own making. I have trouble fathoming the radical shifts in my perception of self that I've experienced in sobriety. While I've yet to find the humility I'm seeking I have discovered an honesty that simply never occurred to me. I'm a real person now not simply a collection of habits and reactions. I read I code (poorly) I write. I skateboard I workout I plan for my future. I understand that flash without substance is nothing and so I have learned to be quiet. I practice rather than brag. I have stopped hustling and scheming and instead taken up a practice they call 'honest work'. This is all very new. ...Everyday is an exercise in patience with myself. I came into college with poor study habits then spent four years not using them. I'm not used to attending classes. Or doing homework. Or staying in touch with people I'm working with. I'm perpetually tardy. I have poor planning skills. I struggle with loneliness and fear and an astonishing ability to self-sabotage. I never check my voice mail. I rarely check my email. I'm not reliable responsible or trustworthy and excuses flood my mouth the instant I'm critiqued. I double triple and quadruple book. I can't seem to follow a schedule. I have trouble turning down social engagements because I can't seem to get comfortable alone. I have no idea how to manage my time. I frequently overreact. I'm oversensitive indecisive and hopelessly self-centered. My priorities shift with unhealthy speed and frequency. When overwhelmed I shutdown completely. I go through periods of avoidance that leave me in dire (and entirely preventable) straights. I expend a lot of energy fearing a future that rarely comes to pass. I'm impulsive and frequently irrational. I feel alone in crowded rooms. I experience that deep soul wrenching ache of sorrow quite frequently often for no reason at all. ...I am still that girl who never quite fit in. Pretty but weird they said. When I was drinking I convinced myself that I had escaped her. That girl was a mistake the result of attending the wrong high school or moving at the wrong time. Not so. I'm still that too-smart girl who talks too loud and laughs too long. My commentary is often unappreciated. Other 22 yearolds don't particularly enjoy my conversation and I rarely take pleasure in theirs. That feeling of distaste I often feel in social situations is genuine. It's called 'not liking someone' and it's one of many feelings I now recognize and accept. That ache I feel when I read about tech companies when I see people skateboarding when people discuss their writing and travel and what they read? That's nothing to numb. That's called desire and if you feel it you fucking do it. It's not embarrassing to learn. It's not shameful to fail. Sometimes you try your best and still lose. These are world-rocking revelations for me. Alcohol made my life work. It allowed me to tolerate bad situations. It made me sociable and happy. I stopped hating everyone. I enjoyed the company of my peers! It was a miracle... But it stopped working. Or... maybe I fucked up so bad it couldn't work anymore. I remember the 'fun' of the last few years via facebook photos journal entries and stories I've been told. I spent years partying yet the moments I remember wouldn't fill a single day. Alcohol made me an empty vessel. I once said I felt as though someone else had been living my life. It would be more accurate to say that no one was. There was no growth. No wisdom. I was physically present but that's all I can claim. ...So: my life is far from perfect. I sobered up only to discover a whole mess of problems and character flaws. But I make progress everyday. I wake up instead of coming to. I make rational plans and carry them out. I do homework (kind of). I clean. I track my money. Simple shit that wasn't possible before. Eventually I expect that I will even figure out college. I will learn how to study how to attend class regularly how to work in groups. Right now my goal is progress not perfection. I will go back to my business and I will build slowly and rationally. I will finish this damn degree and start the next one. But I'm not worried about all that right now. I have finally learned to focus on  *today*. Today I have two exams. Today I plan to attend the 9:00 am meeting. Today I want to pick up my 90 day chip. Today I don't want to drink... and that's it. One day at a time. .
----------immediate responses--------

 Brilliant! I was wondering where you were. Now I know. Leaps and bounds/ one day at a time. It doesn't sound possible but it works. Staying in the day and trusting that self discovery will not destroy me no matter how elaborately I've built my defenses was key to recovery. Having that constant presence and support of my AA sponsor through the process was invaluable. You've got this and I'm so happy for you. 
Wow....loved reading this!  Thank you for helping me start my day.
Wow cool beans on the 90 + counting!  ..One of the things I struggled with in early sobriety was integrating that (not so terminally) unique part of who I am with the sober person in my new reality.  I am able to do that by asking myself:  who do you wish to be today?  When they shut down the major highway link to my downtown office from my hip suburb--in order to shoot a major motion picture I integrated the weekend cyclist that I am into my daily schedule by becoming a very happy cycling commuter--often in a men's tie and oxford shirt.  I could not have made this adaptation without tremendous anger and frustration previously.  When a concerned friend asked if I had relapsed and got a DUI I howled with laughter guess that never occurred to me.  By integrating who I am into my sober life my life continues to get better; I am happier; I am freer; and I am becoming the person I want to be.
Thank you!
Grats.   A simple program for complicated people...Recovery  is like untangling a bowl of spaghetti.   Don't forget to stop and chew on the meatballs.
It's amazing to see how much growth you've undergone in three months. We're all a mess when we come into recovery and just eliminating this anesthetic goes so far towards clearing our minds and allowing our bodies and brains to heal. At the end of the day no matter where I am in my recovery I just have to not take that first drink for 24 hours and help to keep one person sober. Thanks /u/PartyGirl_or_CEO. Your post is what I needed to hear to keep me sober today.
To be fair to BadgeBot 11-12-13 was a Tuesday 13 weeks ago and today is a Wednesday. That is 13 weeks and 1 day = (7)(13) + 1 = 91 + 1 = 92 days. (remember both December and January had 31 days I think that is your extra 2 days). ..Congrats on your 90+. One Day at a Time.
Wow - Congrat's!!!!!!!!!!!
Kudos! It's good to hear from you again. You are proof that the promises do evolve when we work for them. 
I know how you feel and I will not drink today either.  Congrats on your 3 mths.  You write splendidly.  
[deleted]
