-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xvgl9/2020/

problem drinkers.  alcoholics.  support members of reddit.  if there was one thing that could be said to someone struggling with alcoholism to put their shit into perspective.  what would it be?
----------immediate responses--------

That's a tough question.  I don't think there is anything anyone could have said to me that would have made a difference.  Because I thought I knew better. I thought I *was* better.  I thought I had everything under control or was oh-so-close to having it all under control.  I thought I thought I thought. For 15 years I thought.  I was wrong...The only way I see this working is if I had a time machine. If I could go back in time as sober me and talk to drunk me I just might listen to myself.  I suppose I'd say something like "You are your own worst enemy. Stop. Just stop.  It will be hard at first but you will look back on it as the best decision you ever made. I know you don't believe that but it's true. You'll find out one day.  The only question is how long that's going to take."..
Recovery is possible.
This will vary for every person I'm sure. But for me what has helped put it into perspective is looking back at all the bad memories and low points I've had over the past ten years. And realizing the common theme among most of them.  My problems with alcohol have lead to far more bad times than good. So I try to keep that in mind. ..I also try to remind myself of why in doing this in a more positive light whenever I can. Do I want my kid to remember me as being drunk for most of her childhood? Nope. I like to think about the positive changes I'll continue to make if I stick with this and how I can set a good example for her.  I do not ever want her to ever go down the same path. So that helps put things into perspective too. ..Hope that helps in some way. 
That you will likely be the one who puts your shit into perspective.
[There is a solution.](http://www.nautis.com/tag/alcoholics-anonymous/)..."Here and there once in a while alcoholics have had what are called vital spiritual experiences. To me these are phenomena. They appear to be in the nature of huge emotional displacements and rearrangements. Ideas emotions and attitudes which were once the guiding forces of the lives of these men are suddenly cast to one side and a completely new set of conceptions and motives begin to dominate them." - Dr Carl Jung from the book "Alcoholics Anonymous?  pp. 26 27...[spiritus contra spiritum.](http://www.barefootsworld.net/images/jung_letter.jpg)
Alcoholism is a disease. A progressive disease. One of it's initial components is a subtle change in thought process. An inability to think rationally about alcohol use and effect may be the first sign. A person who suffers from this disease often clings tightly to the delusion that alcohol is a necessary nutrient. Physical decrepitude along with further intellectual deterioration follows. There is no cure. Only absolute abstinence from the ingestion of alcohol can instigate recovery. Many people can and do go on to live fulfilling even joyous lives while maintaining full remission.  
Regardless of suffering from the same malady we came from it from different direction and have different mindsets so that's a toughie.  I guess I would go with this: ..Your brain is lying to you.  You don't have to drink.  It may seem like it is impossible right now to not drink it is in fact quite within your reach. Just don't pick up that first drink. Period. 
Take some time to think about what you want out of life.  Long term goals short term goals.  If you want to travel or if you want to have a reliable form of transportation or be able to attend your kids graduation wedding etc.  Now with these goals in mind ask yourself what are you doing to get closer to those goals?  And what is the biggest obstacle standing between you and your goals?  And as a disclaimer take your time as you make a list.  It may take a week or two but be HONEST with yourself...
From my experience it was the realization that I'm in control of my life. Every day I have choices to make and every time in the past that I chose to drink brought on the consequences that I've had in my life. If I had realized that 9 years ago when I started drinking I'd have *thousands* of extra dollars in my bank account I'd probably still be in great shape and I wouldn't have destroyed dozens of friendships/relationships. Everything I have today is the result of my decisions in the past and I made a lot of bad ones...The good news is that by realizing that simple fact that *I* am in control of my life I've started making much better decisions. Decisions don't have to be made in the blink of an eye you can stop and think. Every time I think about buying alcohol I have enough time to say "How am I going to feel about this decision tomorrow? Next week? Five years from now?". So far each and every time that decision has come up I made the *choice* to not drink...If I had chosen to drink those times I'd have hundreds of dollars less than I do now I'd weigh an extra 15 pounds at least my performance at work wouldn't have been what is has been for these past four months and my relationship with my girlfriend would have been strained or would not exist...By choosing not to drink I've been able to afford a new computer monitor new kitchen knives and cookware I've lost 15 pounds I've been commended at work and my girlfriend and I have been on a bunch of fun dates that I never would have done when I was drinking...**Tl;dr**: What put my shit in perspective was reading Napoleon Hill's "Think and Grow Rich" and Stephen Covey's "The 7 Habits of Highly Successful People" and applying the concepts to my life. It lead to me realizing that where I am now is the result of the decisions that I (nobody else) made in the past and where I will be in the future is going to be the result of the decisions I make today.
sometimes you have to take a step back before you can take a step forward.
