-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xvsut/80_freaking_days/

80 freaking days! 80 freaking days!..Do you know how I celebrated today? ..I submitted my freaking thesis! ..I haven't really processed it yet but it I do know one thing. The only reason why this ball and chain is gone is because of those 80 freaking amazing days. Things had become so unmanageable and I felt I would never see the end. I stopped drinking and it became clear procrastination stress and anxiety wouldn't help me get over this hurdle. What would help was breaking it down into little pieces and working on one at a time. ..What else have these 80 days given me?..- The pink cloud and its close immediate relative the blue skies. That deep sense of relief after I started implementing my decision to stop drinking and when I started to believe I could actually do it was indescribable. It's ebbed and flowed but has been replaced with what I like to think of as blue skies. The hard things don't seem unmanageable anymore...- Energy I could hardly get out of bed and my catch phrase was "I'm so tired". With my sleep patterns markedly improved now I get through days easily! ..- Cycling. I do it every day now its meditative gives you heaps of endorphins and the small daily gains I make allow me to feel positive everyday..- My back pain has largely receded. I was struggling to stand after long periods of sitting I'd become a little old lady at under 30. I think it must have been due to chronic tension poor muscle tone in my lower back and excess weight. Cycling and daily pilates is slowly building up my core and butt muscles and I realise I haven't felt those sharp twinges in quite a while. ..- Cooking I now actually go home and cook healthy meals before I'd grab what was easiest and whatever felt "good" e.g. Pizza chips etc all to go with my bottle of wine. My concept of what good has changed dramatically! Not only that I've rediscovered how much I actually love cooking...- Weight loss. I used to stand in front of the mirror and hate myself. Every inch. In and out. I had gained so much weight and I knew the only reason for it was my drinking and I hated myself for my inability to control it. I've lost around 6kgs in the past two and a bit months. That's over 8% of my starting body weight and around 10 cm off my waist. There's a fair way still to go but each day is a gradual improvement on the last...- Friends. I was so self-absorbed with my misery that I was cutting people out of my life. This is starting to turn itself around because I actually can see outside of myself for the first time in a long time...- Happiness. Real happiness. I'm still a mess but I'm a mess that in the process of cleaning up rather than being in a downward spiral. The feeling that I have the power to improve myself is providing a deep sense of contentment in my daily life...- As of today a new job more money. Finishing the PhD means I move  not only from 40% pay to 100% but also up a pay bracket. The new job part involves taking over the projects of a collaborator who is on maternity leave and also starting a new collaboration with the guy who discovered my gene of interest! My pay check will be doubled for the next six months!! I've already been saving money by not drinking and cycling what am I going to do with a doubled wage!..Shoot this is getting too long and I could still continue. ..I am so thankful for these 80 days. I am so thankful for the people who've supported me through my bad times and those that've been there to celebrate the good. I'm thankful for this sub the posts that you all contribute and support you freely give out provides me with inspiration on a daily basis. Thank you!..80 freaking days and I only want so many more. Why did I wait so long in misery to start?.
----------immediate responses--------

" Why did I wait so long in misery to start?".can't do anything about it painfull to dwell on and it doesn't serve you any. sober for 80 now thats worth thinking about! 
Wonderful post! Thank you for sharing it with us.
CONGRATULATIONS on your 80 days and your thesis.  Do you mean you already defended? (I think you may be from a different country than me and the system may operate differently).  Soon you can start making people call you Dr. MeikoD!!!
&gt;Why did I wait so long in misery to start?..My experiences thus far in recovery have been very similar to your own and I asked myself the same question.  But ya know what? Without all that misery and pain would I have been able to recognize and be grateful for the fact that this life is an incredible gift? Would I be looking at these blue skies (I love that btw...describes it perfectly) with such wonder? Would I look at the beauty of each sun rise as another opportunity to celebrate that each day is special? ..The gratitude I feel for having been given this second chance at life has opened my eyes to the limitless potential of the universe and I honestly don't think I would have been able to recognize that potential without having gone to the depths first.  ..Congratulations on your 80 days!  Your post gave me a smile first thing in the morning so thank you!! :-)
Woot!
