-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1xyaim/tapping_out/

Hey all..After numerous relapses and not having been able to go sober for more than a week at a time I'm biting the bullet and heading off to a rehab facility for a 90 day stint.  I found a really reasonably priced one ($5400 total cost) that has at most 10 beds offers group therapy and mandatory AA meetings in the evening.  I've started packing up my apartment and start the program in a couple of weeks.  I've also let my friends and family know that it's my intent to goto rehab so that I don't come up with any excuses in the next few weeks to not go...So best of luck /r/stopdrinking and #SD..
----------immediate responses--------

Stay in touch.    
I hope you get what you need there ism-skisms. Good luck.
4 years sober here. I wish you all the luck in the world. I went to a 90 day program myself and I really think that's what saved me. Getting out of my element and virtually no way of getting my hands on it really took my mind off of craving it. ..If you're like me you're going to get pissed off at everything for the first week but try and remember why you're there. 
Good luck! Rehab will be a good experience. 
good luck to you!
Darn happy for you and that's a good deal for 90 days but commit to the process and you'll find the results to be priceless.
Take advantage of it. Be totally completely honest when you're in there. And get in touch the day you get out. Best of luck. 
I recently got in touch with an old friend - 25 years sober - and he told me that he had a relapse a couple of years ago and went into rehab. There's no shame in it among us: he did what he needed to do. Best wishes for a good experience.
Good choice! Stay safe in the meantime and keep in touch. So many of us have found relief in recovery and you deserve an awesome life too!
Good luck on this huge step!
Best of luck to you!
Best wishes.
This is awesome news!!  ..If I may offer a small word of caution...  ..I have seen others commit to a rehab program which started in a few weeks. In most cases their addiction put pressure on them to spend the time before check-in on "one last bender". Please be aware of this temptation and put a plan in place to get in front of it.  ..Good luck and if you can post updates here during the program we would love to hear them. There will almost certainly be readers that are considering the same option and your advice would be helpful.
Good luck!!
