-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1y1bry/struggling_with_the_idea_of_never_drinking_again/

When I told my friends that I had stopped drinking one of them asked "ever again?" I don't know. I'm day seventy something. I'm on mobile so I don't know my exact number. I'm going to Mexico in April. Can I drink? I don't know! I don't think I can right now. I still don't want to have "just one drink to relax." I want to get shitfaced. This is clearly not the HEALTHY decision but I don't know if I'm ready to make the decision to NEVER drink again. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think this is one of the reasons the phrase one day at a time is used so often.  Its not about never drinking again its about not drinking today. I can't say what is going to happen in the future. Will I ever drink again? I don't know. What I do know is that I am not going to drink today and I am going to continue to do all the things I do to make that happen such as coming here and going to aa meetings and hanging out with other sober people.
I was told not to think about never. Just to not drink today. And to keep saying that everyday til it just becomes part of you that you don't drink. ..I'll say this it's really really hard to start over again. I had like 6 months or so and i had a slip then i just straight up relapsed on it and this go round it's hard as heck to do. Idk maybe it is about the same as last time and it just seems harder. But it is really fucking hard and it's hard to stick to the resolve that I know I shouldn't drink and need to not drink. So if you think that going to mexico is going to make you fall off and you can just not go I'd say don't go. It isnt worth it. 
You don't need to be ready to tell yourself that you'll never ever drink again. I'm fact by telling yourself you'll never drink again you're making it more likely that you will. Take it one step at a time. Take it a day at a time. Why get all worried about April in Mexico today? Focus on what you need to do today. ..
Many (almost all?) alcoholics go through stages just like yours. It's typical to not want to stop entirely but to control it so that you can still have some good times now and again. For many (almost all?) this doesn't work and leads straight back to problems. 80% of drivers think they are above average drivers. Most alcoholics think they're different and can moderate until there comes a time when they have to acknowledge that they can't. Just know you're on a well worn path and learn as much as you can.
You are at day 83 fyi...While it is good to focus on not drinking during the present I also am sternly against ever drinking again. In sobrieties past I was not as strict. They ended in relapse. ..I had a lot of fun when I went to Mexico. I wanted to stay safe so I did not get drunk while I was there. There were situations that I was glad I encountered sober. ..The one thing that is most different about being sober this time is I really have no desire for any type of alcohol. I have had enough of all types beer wine and spirits. There is not a single one I miss. Even in my last relapse I always had trouble choosing something to buy in the liquor store. None of the choices were all that appealing I just needed to get drunk (my fix).
A friend of mine asked me that the other day.  I honestly said what is still true for me.  I don't think about the rest of my life.  I think about today and not drinking today.  It also helps me to live in the present and enjoy each day because you can really only do one day at a time anyway...Best of luck.
It hits me every once in a while too. I think about upcoming special occasions or my love for my hometown brewery and think "why do I have to miss out?!" It sucks and I get sad about it sometimes. I hate to be so dramatic but it almost feels like a mourning period. But in my heart I've finally realized that I am incapable of moderating my intake so this is the way it has to be for me.
When i try to look into the future and contemplate never drinking again i just about get dizzy. All i can say is that i won't drink today. I think if someone asks me if i'm never drinking again all i can tell them is what i tell myself. "I'm not drinking today. Tomorrow? I don't know. But i know i'm not drinking today." 
Don't stress about it... You can drink again... But damn chances are it's going to throw all the good things you have going down the drain...Try shifting your thinking from "I **can't** drink ever again" to "I can drink whenever I want to but I choose not to because a b &amp; c."..Because the fact of the matter is you can drink at pretty much any time and sometimes that's even scarier than the idea that you can't.
Do you have a sponsor? If so did you run this same question by them? ..You're already making plans to drink in Mexico. Maybe you haven't fully conceded that you are an alcoholic. I know I  can't drink no matter what. At 2+ years when I have something coming up that used to entail drinking (concerts vacations) I plan ahead to make extra calls to my sponsor and get to meetings on those days. Share about this in a meeting and see what kind of feedback you get. 
I guess that is something that works differently for each and everyone.  .I myself made the decision to never ever have a drink again.  .The decison was hard to make but in the end I said to myself: I made a mistake with alcohol and there won't be any easy way out of it.  .The decision made the daily fight a bit easier. I didn't have to fight the decision to drink or not to drink I only had to fight against drinking.  .I still need to fight it every now and then. But by now the benefits of not drinking by far overweights the numbing lies from alcohol..
What's a trip to Mexico worth if you can't remember it due to alcohol?..At least this is what I'm asking myself about a possible trip to the Philippines my friends want me to go on next month.
I can drink any time I choose to; however I cannot drink SAFELY.  ..I know what has happened to me in the past when I drink and I have become convinced that the consequences will only get worse if I do choose to take a drink in the future. ..So I choose not to drink today and I leave tomorrow's decision for tomorrow.  Never is a long time;  I don't think in those terms.  Just for today I take the path that avoids unsafe unpleasant consequences.
It's really not such a big deal.           .Our inner addicts will try to make it so. But...           .It's not as though we are giving up anything wonderful. -       .By the time you get here drinking has likely become nightmarish one way or another......One day at a time I have not had to drink through divorce deaths of parents 9/11 my second wedding my daughters wedding success failure and a whole lot of weekends   All of which I could have made worse by drinking...Edit typo..
For me it's about making the choice everyday to live my best possible life. Drunk me is not a happy person. Sober me is not only happy but able to spread that around a bit and I like her.
Don't worry about "NEVER again". Worry about today. You aren't going to drink today you know that. (And you will know the same thing tomorrow.) One day at a time...Be careful on that trip especially if you are going with a drinking crowd. I find travel in in places with unsafe water tricky as a teetotaler. I find people really push the beer/wine and I get really sick of drinking sugary sodas. 
I appreciate all of the advice friends. I am going to try more of the approach of taking things one day at a time. As I'm sure you ALL know this whole sobriety thing can be a bit overwhelming at times.
This isn't going to be the most popular advice but here it goes: I kept trying to stop drinking my thoughts became focused on the stop; stop for now stop today stop forever?  I couldn't succeed let alone live my life actively *stopping*.  I had to live the life I wanted and I came to see sobriety as something I was actively engaged with.  I like to think of it as a lifestyle of *starting*.  ..As a side effect it means I don't drink today and I don't drink in the future.  It means I don't get shitfaced or blackout.  
I'm fine with never. I dont want that life anymore. Life is fucken fantastic now. 
In don't know if I'll stop forever. Maybe. Maybe not...Today I dont want to drink.. Not this week either. But beyond that I have no idea what the future holds for me...That's how I live it.
I'm a little late to this party but here are my thoughts.....I get overwhelmed and very...*sad* when I think about never drinking again. It is not unlike the feeling of going through a breakup with someone you love. And I try to think of it as such...I tell alcohol "I wish we could have done better together but we're just not a good match." Somehow framing it that way makes me feel stronger and better twofold: 1) It makes me remember that I am choosing a course that's best for myself while still validating the difficult experience of quitting; and 2) It makes me hope that someday like mourning after a breakup it will get better and easier for me. I may never feel 100% ok or not get that twinge of pain thinking about it but as days go by it will be less and less. ..Re-reading that it sounds awfully dramatic and...heavy. Sorry for that :) but maybe someone else out there resonates with this feeling.
