-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1y2bxa/four_months_soberbut_its_getting_harder_feel_like/

I developed an alcohol problem after the break-up of my second marriage.  My second ex was abusive to me and to my son from a previous marriage - it was more psychological than physical.  I ran away to a womens' refuge with my ten year old son and ten month old daughter.  Prior to my relationship with my him I had worked full-time and had a mortgage in my own name.  When I left I had nothing am now living in rented accommodation that I will never have the opportunity to buy.  That relationship impacted on my life in a horrendously destructive way.  I've been diagnosed with depression and generalised anxiety disorder and have been suicidal more times than I can count.  Unfortunately I lost custody of my daughter due to depression and self-medicating with alcohol.  This is a stick that my ex uses to beat me with (metaphorically) every chance that he gets.  He continues to say extremely hurtful things to me - about me and about my son.  Today I found out that my family have been helping him in a fraudulent way which has saved him hundreds of pounds that he should have paid.  I told my mother that this was very disloyal of her to help him in this way when we in this household are struggling in every way - including financially - and yet she enables him to save money when she had no reason at all to do so.  Even saying "No" to him would have been standing by her daughter rather than her ex son-in-law...TL;DR Became a depressed alcoholic after abusive relationship - my life is in ruins while my mum helps my abusive ex to prosper.
----------immediate responses--------

All you can do is keep the focus on yourself and your recovery...once sober with some clean time things will start to rebuild.  you are as powerless over your family as you are over alcohol.....Are you in any programs to get help?  AA might help you if only to show you that you are not alone in your struggles...Good luck stay in touch 
Talking to a psychiatrist might help.
You need to hang in there. 4 months sober is a tremendous triumph for you it feels like forever doesn't it? Your ex and your mother are not able to fully grasp the significance of 4 months of sobriety 4 months to them is not a long time. They haven't been there for every moment they haven't seen all the small improvements in your sober life the way you have. 4 months of sober living is like 4 years to us. ..Keep on keepin' on. Your life is still in the state it was when you stopped drinking but things are getting better and will continue to get better--and someday soon all of the things problems you face now will have dissipated one by one...Don't be mad at your mother she's probably helping your ex because she cares about her grandchild. For now put that situation on the back burner and focus on what's in front of you...Good luck!
Stay sober today.  You didn't say whether you're getting out to recovery meetings or seeing a counselor but /u/Slipacre and /u/offtherocks are right: reach out and get some help.  Counselors and active members of support groups like AA can give you a lot of guidance to get through your family situation.  It goes without saying drinking won't help one iota.
Alcohol isn't going to change any of your recent past.  It isn't medication and it makes anxiety and depression worse.  It certainly made my anxiety and depression worse.  As horrible as your ex husband was/is you'll never recover from that by-way of the bottle.  Two wrongs don't make a right...The good news is that sobriety is empowering.  Talk to your physician about your anxiety depression medication you may be on and alcohol.  Make a list of reasons you drink a list of things you love and a list of dreams you have for life &amp; family.
