-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1y7hqz/the_effectiveness_of_the_steps_aa_advice/

Edit*: I have been to AA meetings several times never took part in the steps.  Just wondering if maybe thats what AA is and that I expected too much from it then?..Hi guys...  I have decided to make a stop back here.  I posted about a year ago asking for help.  I struggled and I have managed to overcome my affliction on my own since.  I have been sober for ~180 days.  I feel unstoppable and great.  ..HOWEVER there have been some thoughts that have been popping into my head; although I feel 0% pressure to drink again and have no issues at the moment is AA something that I should still consider as an extra boost to help solidify my confidence further?  ..I still have regrets from some of the things I have done to my fellow man while I was a drunk...  They make me hate myself and the choices I have made.  My question to some of you with first hand experience is: Do the steps of AA bring some sort of spiritual closure?  I am implying that if I make amends and apologize to those people (if it doesn't result in further destruction or harm) does it help a lot?  Does anyone have any personal accounts of the pros and/or cons of pursuing the steps or should I just let bygones be bygones and focus on just letting the past go?.
----------immediate responses--------

I've found a lot of benefit in it. I think in general it helps me be more at peace with the world. I still have most of my amends to make but its very important to talk with your sponsor about each one because some situations are best left alone. Things like that require "living amends" which is basically a commitment to live differently so certain mistakes don't get repeated...I would recommend checking out AA what have you got to lose? If you really don't like it you don't have to stick around but I think its pretty great especially for the fellowship. ..
Sounds like the struggles you are having are firmly in the AA wheelhouse and you have nothing to lose to check it out. Congrats on 175 days!!
The AA book has a list of promises following the section on the ninth step. They sound ludicrous until one day after having made some amends you read them and realize they are all coming true in your own life. One of these promises is "we will not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it." I never would have believed I would reach that point given how obsessively I tortured myself over past harms done to others but today here I am basically at peace with myself...I think the steps could really help with what you're looking for. They are designed to help you settle the past so you can live an honorable life in the present and have accomplished this for millions of alcoholics already...One crucial part especially of the ninth step is having a good sponsor -- someone you can be honest with someone who is living his/her life in a way that appeals to you. This person will act as a guide and sounding board on your own journey through the steps...As we say the steps are simple but they're not easy. The only downside I can see is that they do require work but as I said the results are so so worth it. 
Working the steps are the heart of the 12-step program. I trudged along for some time in AA not seeing the point of the steps then seeing the point but not finding myself motivated then relapsing then coming in more motivated etc. Finally after a doozy of relapses I became ready to do what it took. I marched through those first 9 steps and big changes happened for the good...And though I started to do the steps many times it was when I worked the first nine steps that the clouds parted my smile came back etc. 
Working the twelve steps in my life completely changed my perception of the world around around me and my place value and function within it.  Your mileage may vary.  Check it out.
Working the steps was super effective for me. My opinion: the 12 steps are the program. Meetings exist to connect newcomers with people that can offer encouragement understanding and direction on working the 12 steps. .Quitting drinking was the simple part. Living the rest of my life sober without the feeling that the ground was going to fall out from under me that I was really living it was the hard part.
For me recovery is much more than putting down the drink...The steps are tools that have helped me become comfortable in my own skin and eliminate the reasons I drank in the first place.   This is kinda huge.  This is why in my estimation aa works for so many...Agnostic so do an edited version....other tools too but steps are core.
