-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1y84bb/struggling_today/

My neighbor came by earlier and pointed out a trail of small blood drips from what looked like an injured cat that went up to our doors and then off into the woods. It's tearing me up knowing there was a small animal panicked and suffering outside my door. I can't stop thinking about how it must've felt and how it probably died. I can't shake it. It just reminds me of all the suffering out there and it makes me feel sick from the overwhelming sadness. And then I worry it was injured by some twisted neighborhood kid and worry about my own pets. It's just all darkness and it's overwhelming...On top of that I'm really miserable with work. I feel trapped like I know many others do. I'm stuck in a career I no longer want. Every day is a struggle now. Stuck there by finances and family expectations...There are a lot of other things. I'm not sure how much longer I can cope. I want to drink but I promised myself I'd talk to someone and wait a day before I do...Gonna sleep now and hope in the morning my mind is better. Thanks for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

If we could control the world we would not have drank to begin with. Take it easy and you will be ok.  Shit happens if you had my life you would drink too!  Just a little saying I like.  Today I won't drink!  Be strong
don't drink.
Well done for delaying any decision to drink again. ..The problem with being stuck in a bad patch is that everything can appear so shitty. It's a bit like wearing glasses that filter out all the good stuff. ..I'd be lying if I claimed to know what it is like to be you but the stuff you have written here reminds of things I've felt before. The way I got through was to just have faith that things would improve and my perseverance has always paid off. ..I've suffered from periods of depression since getting sober and what you've written reminds me of that. I've been lucky enough to be able to develop tools for dealing with these bouts of blackness and it is not really an issue for me anymore. If you suspect that you are dealing with depression maybe you do need to talk to someone about it?
Hi relishandjam. ..I'm at home recovering from major surgery and am grateful to you for posting this. I am in bed in pain but trying to keep my chin up. .I know what you mean about being torn up about the animal. It is very distressing to animal lovers to think that a small animal might be suffering. And to get stuck in that thinking loop of distress is second nature to us. .I saw a cat get run over on Boxing day once and it ruined the whole Christmas for me. Couldn't stop thinking about it very sad...Your work sounds difficult as well. Try not to lose hope. I know this is easy to say but try not to. ..I hope you have nice friends / family around you to talk to about this. I would find it abhorrent if I thought I had to stay in my (quite well paid) job for any length of time but feel trapped. Anyway I might lose my contract now as I might need 4 weeks off and the work needs to be done. ..We should not drink on any of this though. I had a relapse about 11 years ago and I blamed my problems and everything got a load worse it is not worth it. ..I hope you get through this dark patch. Do let us know how you get on.  .Love and Peace ..Tequilla Man London. ...
There's all sorts of things to be depressed about in the world. You don't even have to look that hard unfortunately. ..Remember it's about perspective... a bit of compassion and sorrowful commiseration makes you a deep and caring human being. Too much just makes you paralyzed with fear and depression which is of no use to anyone least of all yourself...Have you thought about volunteering at an animal shelter or some such work? There's a reason that service is a vital part of this whole process of shedding old thought patterns and more self-involved ways of living...Also all advice aside just stay strong. I found the time around six months to be really tough. I see now that I was turning a bit of a corner but it was a sharp one and I felt mortally depressed at times. Stick it out. It's worth it.
drinking never solved any problems for me.  everything that sucked before I drank sucked like fifty times worse after I drank.
