-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1ycc0c/one_year_without_alcohol_1010_would_do_again/

This is a throwaway since I don't want my reddit-account to be affiliated with my face but I am posting and reading in this sub now and then...I stopped drinking one year ago because I felt it was about time and that I was at a fork and had the choice which path to take. I am not an alcoholic by the medical definition but was abusing it big time for about 15 years and was definetly on the way becoming one...I cannot express how much the quality of my life has improved since then. It takes some time and it's more like crawling up the mountain than taking the lift to the top and I have only made half the way I want to go. But I don't miss a single thing from my wet days!..I hope this serves as a small inspriration or confirmation to you if you are struggling with stopping or with keeping yourself sober. ..Thank you very much everyone for being there! Keep your head up high! You can make it because you are awesome! :)..http://imgur.com/MoGJHfk.
----------immediate responses--------

A++++++++
Congrats  as for definitions you needed to quit - that is all.
Congrats!
This serves as a big inspiration!
That's awesome to hear!
Awesome.  Keep it up!  You look great.  Your "after" picture makes you look like Battista from Dexter...Congrats on a year!
Great read great power of example. Congratulations!
this is great. 35 days for me today. 
Thanks for the inspiration. I really need it today. 
I hear that Alcoholism is a progressive disease. You rule for catching it early. You look fab!
Pretty sure I was in the same boat as you. Not classic alcoholic but definitely using alcohol as a crutch socially and mentally. Only day 6 for me but I plan on continuing down this path. CONGRATS!!!!
sweet.  I try not to forget how shitty those first few days/weeks were.  It makes me appreciate how I feel now even more.
Congrats man!! 
Jimmy how are you!!!   Only joking.  Sober life has done wonders for your looks and I am a bloke.  Well done and keep it up!
Good job love the before/after pics. 
Way to go OP!  Looking good. ...Congratulations. Keep up the good work.
Skin and eyes are always signs.  You look much healthier..Congrats!
&gt; I am not an alcoholic by the medical definition but was abusing it big time for about 15 years and was definitely on the way becoming one...This is similar to my circumstance and I suspect very similar to the situations of a lot of people who are first drawn to this subreddit...I think it takes a lot of maturity to acknowledge things are becoming a problem or have the potential to become a larger problem. Better to quit sooner rather than later - better to quit as you're approaching rock bottom rather than after you've hit it.
2 years without alcohol also 10/10. Our research agrees!
Bravo man!  Looking great and glad you are feeling great too.  Congrats on the milestone sounds like you have a great outlook.  All the best to you!
congratz
I'm happy for you. Congratulations. 
What *is* the medical definition?
...They hatin'
It's astounding how much difference cutting out those empty calories makes isn't it? Congrats on your sobriety! I hope this year is the first of many good ones!
