-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yce2b/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: I've met someone I'm clicking really well with.  I'm pretty excited about her right now!..Struggle:  worrying a bit about if I get offered a job with relocation what would I do?  But that's a bridge to cross when I know for sure...General chat: It's actually getting warm out.  Praise the sun!..Have a great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Triumphs: 6+ weeks sober still attending meetings and therapy marriage is getting better and better as is self image...Struggle: Not buying 100% into A.A Carr therapist - I'm looking at all of them as tools to be used as needed and I think they're all helping it would just be nice to have that "magic  bullet."  Oh well adversity -&gt; opportunity for growth...General: It was above freezing yesterday!
[Guess what day it is.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWBhP0EQ1lA)
Noticed I had forgotten something. Went into my online dating profile and changed my answer to "Drinks?" from "yes" to "rarely"...I considered changing it to a plain old "no". I might still do so. I feel like "rarely" gets my point across without making it too big a deal. Also ha. Mathematically speaking I've had an average of like 3 beers a day this year :)
Triumph: 4 days sober now and going strong..Struggle: Im concerned about this weekend and the cravings i will have to go out and drink but this this time its different.. im going to do my best to try and beat it..General chat: Death to cigarettes!
Triumph: Life is great.  I spent a long weekend in Montreal skiing/snowboarding.  Turns out turning 40 did not make my bones brittle overnight!  There was lots of drinking around but it was fine.  I drank lots of water after expending energy on the slopes...Struggle: None.  Life is great...General chat: Last week I shoveled a neighbor's driveway for her.  She lives alone and it was a LOT of snow (14+ inches).  So I helped her out.  It's what I would have wanted someone to do if my wife were alone for some reason.  Last night she brought over a "thank you".  It was a box of chocolates (I'm allergic) and a bottle of wine.  Too funny.  It was really sweet of her and my wife will enjoy both!  I didn't help her out for some reward anyway.
Triumph: 5.5 months sober  .  .Challenge: Really low energy. I have not been feeling like myself for the last few days.  .  .General: Won't spring...
Triumph: I'm sober I'm a father and I'm a husband. I'm working hard and making money. ..Struggle: I have put myself in some dangerous situations and I am angry at myself. ..General: It's cooling down here after the blazing summer.
Triumph: I've been getting positive feedback from my phd adviser about my research.  He's not a man who tends to give praise easily...Struggle: I'm pretty busy stressed and running low on sleep.  Last night someone poured themselves a beer in front of me and when I smelled it I thought "man that would really put out the fire in my head."  But I have neither the time nor the money to go back to drinking so I got myself a grape soda on the way home...General chat: yada-yada-yada.
I don't even know. Nothing much has changed in the past 54 days. Haven't had cravings for alcohol at all just noticed who I've been hanging out with. Other than that no triumphs or struggles with just about anything else. Feels a bit off when reading everyone else feeling mentally and physically better. .
Triumph: 19 days!..Struggle: Wobbly energy levels - I think I'm going to have to cut back to nearly no or absolutely no caffeine and have a plan to do so over the next week. ..General chat: I'm feeling more motivated to practice my instruments - and that's a great feeling to have. :)
[deleted]
Triumph: I'm on my 6th straight day sober and made more progress on school work yesterday than I have in the past month combined!..Struggle: I need to finish my dissertation in the next 2 months if I want to graduate in May. I've already delayed graduation for a year mostly due to drinking. Everybody is expecting me to finish and it sometimes feels like I'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders because if it. I want to drink when I think about all this but I won't because I know drinking won't make anything better!..General chat: It just finished raining and there is a rainbow right outside my window. There is so much beauty in the world when one is sober enough to see it :-)
triumph: haven't had a drink since sunday..struggle: quite possibly the worst day of my job since I started and all I want is a shower beer. ..general chat: I live in florida its always hot. although the humidity has been down so that's good. I also saw my first mosquito of the year last night. ..edit: short time lurker first post. ..2nd edit: i failed. i a shot of fireball and the shower beer. than i had dinner. it was pretty good. 
Triumph: Didn't drink. A friend whom I called for support last night congratulated me on that and it hadn't really occurred to me to drink despite bad stuff happening. So that's good...Struggle: Wife left with kids today. I've learned how much it's still possible to fuck up sober. ..Chat: I've also learned (again) that it's not enough to be "right" at the expense of doing good. Rationalizing my way to "right" (being right deciding I have a right and being overly righteous--take your pick) continues an old pattern in a new way. I feel like I've taken many steps backward in my sobriety as a result. (Sobriety meaning for me actually living in the way I aspire to live.)
Triumph: I might be starting a temporary position in a food lab soon... It's better than sitting on my butt all day!..Struggle: Went to dinner with two friends at a restaurant where I've killed millions of brain cells with them from alcohol abuse in the past. Really wanted to try a sip of a new beer. Also had to let them know why I wasn't drinking...General: My rescue dog should be arriving at the shelter tomorrow as long as the forecasted blizzard stays away and allows for safe transport!
Triumph:  I *killed it* in an important interview this morning.  Feeling good about that.  I didn't drink to calm my nerves the night before and I won't drink tonight to "celebrate" it either.  (Good food and good TV should be enough for that).Struggle:  As much as I try to just focus on today my mind keeps wandering into the "sober forever sounds scary" thoughts.   I don't mind not drinking tonight...but no more wine/cheese parties with friends?  No champagne on NYE?  No more beer during football season?   I know I should just cross those bridges when I come to them but it's the struggle I'm having today.  .General Chat:  Yay Sunshine! 
