-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yfaur/5_years_sober_i_am_24_yo/

last Feb 13 i made 5 years sober i just wanted to tell someone that this semester i am also graduating from Chemical Engineering..To other people that are struggling with keeping out of drinking the first year could be the most difficult..Last year i lost my Grandfather which was almost like my father..This accomplishments goes to him wherever he is he gives me Courage Serenity and Wisdom. .
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on hitting 5 years Sober....And as a chemical engineer always remember....In-Out+Generation-Consumption=Accumulation
Congratulations man. You're the age I was when I quit. I think I've just about made it to the place I would have been at 24 had I never drank. Five years spent running in circles. Congratulations.
I'm glad you were able to stay sober while grieving for your grandfather. My grandad died when I was still drinking and I hijacked his funeral by going on a bender. My dad died a couple of years ago but the fact that I was sober meant I could deal with it correctly. Well done on being sober for 5 years at 24. 
Thank you for your message. Now we all have some of your Courage Serenity and Wisdom. I'm going to use mine to stay sober today!
Congratulations. I am so happy you have the mental fortitude stay sober through your young adult life. Best wishes to you.
That's awesome!! Congrats on identifying and changing your situation so early on!  
Congrats!
That is awesome I wish i quit when you did I am 24 currently and been trying to moderate for the last few years which worked for a while but always ends up the same drinking bottles of vin a day. this year I have not touched a drop and into to stay that way. ..Majoy congrtulations on your success Any advice because I am struggling Im not about to go to the shop and buy any but I do miss the social occasions with friends. [does not help that I am doing [r/keto] to lose weight too since 1st this year. ..Anyway its posts like yours that give me courage to carry on. thanks!
Congratulations on your 5 years.  It's a great and significant accomplishment.
Excellent! keep it up!
[deleted]
As someone who got sober at 19 thanks for this post. Makes it a lot easier on myself when I see more and more people my age getting and staying sober...Keep it up
5 years and only 24 yo that's great news.  Most people go through the hassles of drinking for too long.  At least I think so.
