-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yfju7/resetting_and_thoughts/

Three failures/relapses in these three weeks so a badge reset was requested...The first one was a weekend up north going ice golfing which is really ice drinking.  This was/is how the wife and I socialized.  we went up with a couple to meet other couples.  first stop was a bar on the way up in a one horse town.  wife orders a fireball  on the rocks and hates it so won't drink it.  i drink it because i don't want to waste money and hey this is what we do. it's all down hill from there.  arrive at the cabin and ice drinking begins. so much alcohol in the cabin. its amazing how much socializing is revolved around alcohol...the second one was an after work outing.  there were two parties and i made it through the first one without drinking. i told the story that i was abstaining because i am training for a race partly true. the second going away party i had two. in honor of my friend who was moving jobs to another cityand who i might not see again....we shared many an after work beer and i felt like one more time one last time was the right thing to do. i had two and stopped...last night. last night i had three after work at my "christmas" party with my boss and coworkers. three in the course of 1.5hrs.  drove home had 3 more 8% beers and then snuck a shot or two free pour of vodka into some juice while my wife wasn't looking.  was pretty tipsy at that point and ended up dumping the vodka out and passing out finally...awoke at 3am to alcohol induced insomnia shame and regret and fear.  the inability to control myself is scary. the day ahead of me lacking sleep is scary.  the stress of my work is scary and made scarier by a potential job change (positive though) and made scarier by lack of sleep and drinking to avoid the work/email i should have done last night to prep for today. i hate the way i look when this tired. this hung over. this bloated. this gassy. ..The first two weeks were great. smiling. the stress didn't even get to me.  it's the socializing that is hard for me to do without alcohol.  i really want to say NO to every invitation but I know I can't do that.  tonight i am meeting two friends at a brewery.  it's a stupid move i know. these two I can tell about my drinking problem one knows already. i know they will support me. i lost 6 pounds those two weeks. last night i got a pizza on the way home and ate almost the whole thing. poor booze choices beget poor food choices...the other day i thought about my duaghters. i thought about what would happen to them if they became me. what example am i setting for them and now that they are teens and soon off to college what will they do? ..much like running is one foot in front of the other i have to keep trying. one day in front of another...thank you to everyone posting on thier badge resets. i searched on that and it helps to know i'm not alone. a look at the front page and things look all congratulatory and celebrate-y....its nice to know there are strugglers like myself who slip but make it..
----------immediate responses--------

Please think about making serious changes in the way you organize your social life. I had to take action to make things different. What I "thought" was impossible was actually only something requiring a bit of effort. When I asked myself for the power to change I learned that it was there all the time. I had been letting my addiction lead for too long and my self determination had weakened. Exercising personal responsibility was all it took to bring my power back. Oh I did have to surrender completely to the knowledge that I would never be able to drink with anything like responsible restraint. I don't think rationally about alcohol. I'm an addict. 
Dry places dry people in early sobriety sounds so cliche` but the reason these sayings are repeated is because the phrases encapsulate true easy to remember wisdom.  As /u/Slipacre and /u/dayatthebeach have already pointed out sober living is a whole other dimension.  It's why we say LET GO--let go of your old world and enter this world.  You will live longer and have amazing opportunities to realize your potential.  Good luck.
Well it's good you are back here and being honest.  But you do seem to he making choices that will set you up for failure.  Sober ice fishing?!  Does ANYONE really do that??  Maybe find some fun things to do that are not drinking-related. 
Welcome back! Curious why the friend who knows about the drinking problem would be in on a plan to meet up at a brewery? To borrow a phrase from the internet that plan is made of fail. Highly suggest a change of venue at least until you get some solid sober inertia going.
