-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yis1r/do_i_have_a_drinking_problem/

Hey yall I need some perspective here. I'm 25 years old and I'm worried I might have a drinking problem. I don't know if I do how seriously I should take it or what I should do about it. I feel like a huge asshole posting here because I'm definitely not at the same level as a lot of you guys but honestly I don't want to get there. I know you don't want me to get there either...So I'm a grad student. I work constantly. Mornings nights weekends. There is no break to this. On an average day I probably work between 14 and 16 hours. On an average night I drink about 3 or 4 beers sometimes as many as 6. I don't like getting smashed. I don't go so far that I regret what I did the next day. I don't drink enough to get hungover... I can't afford the drop in productivity. Honestly alcohol keeps me more productive in the late evening. When it's 10pm and I've been working since 8am I'm spent but if I put down a couple beers I can keep on reading/writing/grading...More importantly I don't have a strong relationship with alcohol. I feel like I'm having a lot of success in my program and I never feel like alcohol gets in the way of any of my priorities. eEvery so often I'll go a week without drinking at all just to prove to myself that I can. I'm a big outdoorsman in my free time and whenever I'm out camping I usually don't bring any booze. I never drink before 6 or 7 at night and I'm not "counting down the hours" it just doesn't appeal to me. I'm sober whenever I have to be or whenever I should be and I've never driven drunk...That all being said I love the taste of beer. If I'm at a party where people are getting shitty sometimes I will though this is infrequent. I "pace myself" because even though I don't want to get smashed I enjoy sustaining a bit of a buzz. Any questionnaire makes me feel like a heavy drinker because they ask how many drinks per night on average and my answer is high even though that's because I'm drinking 4-6 beers over 6-8 hours...My question for all of you guys is simply what would you say to me? Is this how it starts? Am I okay? Am I on the road to liver failure in my 50s? I've got a couple of good friends who went through NA and it's clear to me that if you're sliding down this slope it's best to get off as early as possible...Thanks for reading this thanks for any advice godspeed to everyone in their struggles.
----------immediate responses--------

Nobody can call anyone else out as an alcoholic. ..My experience for me was that I knew my drinking was insane before I saw a therapist before I even attended an AA meeting. I knew for years. If you're experience is that it's worrisome but don't feel genuine calling yourself an alcoholic then don't. ..Honestly if you want to moderate try and moderate and then be honest with yourself and perhaps others about how you respond to it...If you want to quit go ahead and try to quit and then be honest with yourself and others about how you feel about it...When I showed up at my first AA meeting I was like 'Oh SHIT I'm one of these people.' But I had been building towards that for years. Be honest with yourself. Everyone's experience with alcohol and drugs and themselves is different.
It is over the healthy limit so you will eventually start to pay the price with physical and mental deterioration. I first recognized my problem in my mid 20s. In my 30s I experienced my peak drinking going up to 14 beers and some shots each night. For the last 10 years I was a 3-5 beer a night person and I didn't want to go higher. On the other hand AT NO POINT IN MY LIFE in the face of the beer causing me problems I also couldn't control it. I could not self-regulate my drinking to avoid the problems that were obviously creeping in at an increasingly rapid rate...Bottom line: drinking + me = problems and I was seemingly unable to quit or drink at a level to avoid the problems. That is a serious problem.
IMO 3-4 beers a night on average sounds like alcohol abuse to me.   It's what I was drinking when I was drinking (with random out of control nights or some heavy partying thrown in two or three times a month).  BUT whether or not you can control the drinking is something you just kind of have to grapple with yourself.  ..If you want to try to moderate try it!  I personally found it exceedingly difficult to stick to a moderate pattern and always wound up back at the place I didn't want to be anymore.  I didn't 'like' alcohol when I was controlling it; it was more difficult for me to have one glass of wine and put the bottle away than it was to just not drink at all.  That's how I knew that my relationship with alcohol was completely irreparably dysfunctional rather than me 'just' abusing it...
You sound like me when I was just starting to realise my unhealthy relationship with alcohol but before it really got problematic. I wouldn't drink every day but I would sometimes have 3-4 drinks to wind down or enjoy what I'm doing or get more creative/thoughtful. I love the buzz and never did it to get smashed...Not saying it's a problem for you but the fact that you are thinking about whether or not it is a problem means something. What if you tried to abstain for say 30 days? Would that be hard for you? Would you crave that buzz? Would you get anxious? Would you be counting down until the end of it? That's the sort of questions I asked myself when I first stopped (and I wish I had stuck to it then even though a part of me likes to think I can still moderate and have that occasional buzz)...Also one more thing to consider: regardless of whether you have a "problem" or not alcohol is still not healthy. It doesn't provide you with any nutritional benefit (oh sure there's the red wine blah blah but there are better ways of getting those "benefits"). So quitting or decreasing your consumption even if you don't have a problem will just benefit you anyway.
It is up to you to objectively conclude what is problematic in your own life. Remember that alcohol abuse is progressive. In my early 20's I only drank less than a six-pack a night because it was enough for me to catch a healthy buzz and fall asleep. By my late 20's I needed twice that because my tolerance was much higher. No alcoholic starts out by drinking 10+ units of alcohol a night but many graduate to that level due to the progressive nature of alcoholism. Most doctors would tell men to stick to 2-3 drinks a night max. This was impossible for me - I love beer as much as you! So try moderation try abstaining or keep drinking but try to be honest for your health's sake in whatever decision you make. Good luck!
Well do you? When you go for those few days of abstinence how does it make you feel? How do you feel when you ultimately drink again? Does it seem like a big deal or not? Do you ever surprise yourself by realizing that you're drunker than you realized or intended to be? Are there any consequences at all to your drinking habit? Are you lying to yourself about your drinking habit?
Hi! I'll second some of the other opinions here that we can't classify you as an alcoholic. That's for you to assess. ..I'm 32 and until recently drank most nights. Not quite as much as you. Probably about 3 beers a night or 2 glasses or bourbon. But it was nightly. No negative impacts to my life. Wasn't counting down the hours. I don't consider myself an alcoholic. ..That said what I did identify in myself (and what it sounds like you might have) is some pretty poor drinking habits. I think some people are just born to be addicts and others can lead themselves down that path. I can't say what would happen to you if you continued to drink at your current level for years but I don't think it's a particularly safe path. ..Whether you're aware of it or not it sounds like you're leaning on alcohol as a stress reducer. Honestly now is the best time to kill those bad habits. Even from my moderate level of drinking I've stopped for three weeks now and I feel much more clear headed. I would suggest giving it a shot and seeing if it doesn't make your workload seem easier.
Are you asking?  
If you've been working since 8am and it's 10pm your body is probably really ready for sleep. I know grad school is tough... ..What I've observed in life over a long period of time and seems to bear out from what I've read on this sub also is that everyone's descent into alcoholism is on their own special slope or curve. For some the line goes almost straight down into serious troubles. Maybe it's a gradual slope down for a while then starts to descend at a faster &amp; faster rate (exponentially)...My slope was relatively mild for a long time but picked up speed lately and time for me to get off the ride...I think Allen Carr said something along these lines in his book also - that everyone has the potential to become addicted to alcohol - it's just a matter of time. It certainly seems like many of us are way more susceptible. I have seen some family members who were very "normal" drinkers for 30-40 years start to abuse it later on so Mr. Carr may be right about that...My honest opinion about the extra productivity you say you gain at 10pm with beer is that you might become more efficient the rest of the day if you remained sober and got some extra sleep negating the need for that 10pm extra "on" time...Good luck whatever you decide to do!
In the same vein as another poster I would say: abstain for 60 days. Starting today no drinking no cheating. At that end of that time you'll have a clearer picture of your relationship with alcohol. ..Did you try to rationalize having one or two? Were you really tempted by or preoccupied with drinking? Or was it pretty easy? ..As to whether you are okay and whether you have a problem hopefully you will learn the answers yourself during this experiment. 
http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/..A post I wrote a while ago on my understanding of what it means to be an alcoholic. Even if you don't identify that doesn't mean alcohol isn't having a negative effect on your life. Only you can decide that. However most normal temperate drinkers never have to ask themselves this question In such earnest nor do they spend much time at all actively controlling or moderating or wrestling with their drinking - they don't have to. 
