-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yq80a/colorblind/

I'm colorblind. Red/Green to be a little more exact. It's extremely common in men. 1 in 10 have some red/green colorblindness to some degree. Mine is pretty severe- although if you have to choose some sort of blindness-choose colorblindness...A couple of months ago I was describing my wife's car to a restaurant over the phone for some curbside pickup. "A green toyota" I said and my wife put down the book she was reading and stared incredulously. "My car is gray a dark gray" she said. It sort of blew my mind. I was sure it was green. It was as green as the trees and the grass. But I'm colorblind I see things differently than other people. My brain assumes that something is green and my eyes can't really tell the difference anyway and so that becomes my truth. ..But I have to remember that my eyes and brain are not like other people's eyes and brain. My eyes and brain conspire and sometimes give me a truth that is really a lie.   ..I'm an alcoholic. That drinking alone/sad type. It's very common in men. 1 in 5 some studies say others say that about 1 in 4 experience some chemical dependence struggle at some point in their lives. Mine was pretty severe- I think I would have eventually given up everything for it...A couple of weeks ago my wife and I found out we were pregnant. We found out less than a week before she was leaving for a week-long trip to Napa valley with a few of her other girlfriends. (Embarrassingly) One of the first things that came out of my head was "I'm so sorry this is going to ruin your trip to Napa!" It sort of caught her off guard. "It's okay I just won't drink! I'll still be there with my friends and I'll get to tell them in person!" It sort of blew my mind. I see things differently than other people. My brain assumes that other people drink to get drunk. That they pine for and romanticize alcohol. They covet it because it allows them to descend to a place to become selfishness and self-pity personified. ..I can't drink like other people. My mind's 'truth' about alcohol- that it solves problems that it offers refuge that it comforts and heals- are lies...I'm happy to be sober today. I'm happy that I'm going to be a father. I'm happy that I'm colorblind because it teaches me the difference between perception and reality.
----------immediate responses--------

Very good analogy you made here and I'm happy we are both sober today too. :-)..Related:  my 40 yr old co-worker just figured out she's pink/purple color blind thanks to me complimenting her on her purple shirt (and others agreeing to make sure I wasn't the one color blind). She was dumbfounded. It's awesome to be always learning new things about ourselves. ..Congratulations on your upcoming daddyhood!  What a blessing your child will only know you as a sane and sober father. 
Congratulations on your perspective sobriety and your pregnancy! :) Thanks for posting this.
congrats
[deleted]
Congratulations on becoming a father!  Thanks for sharing this very insightful post with us.
Well said and congratulations on the expansion of your family.  I always thought I would quit one day.  Meanwhile I was going to drink as much as I could.  Being a sober parent that sounds like an excellent time to become sober.
Thank you for posting this.  It was a great read and a wonderful insight into the alcoholic mindset. Congrats to you and your wife on the impending arrival. I see you got through St Patricks Day when you got sober.  I didn't!!  
Congratulations!
thanks for the post. im amazed sometimes how differently my wife and I think what a great way of showing it. I was at my sons wedding reception recently and went behind the bar to get myself a soft drink people started coming up and asking me to make them a cocktail time after time people came back for more mixer complaining I was making them to strong. I was simply making them the way I used t make them for myself. congratulations on becoming a (sober) parent enjoy the trip!
so.... Was the car green or grey?
My brain sees it differently... very well said! Thank you for this insightful post.
Truly excellent analogy congrats on your upcoming addition!! 
"I can't drink like other people. My mind's 'truth' about alcohol- that it solves problems that it offers refuge that it comforts and heals- are lies." - I'm taking this with me. It's so true and very well put...Congrats on your baby!
I'm also color blind (red/green deficiency).  It is weird because sometimes I can't figure out what color something is but after I do it will obviously be that color from that point on.  My brain apparently compensates for my eyes.  
