-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yrnd2/hey_yall_relapse_here/

My tag says 66 days. I'm tipsy right now...It's like a switch flipped in my head. Suddenly drinking was an option. I guess they call it obsession. ..As a sober person I feel so lonely. I have a lot of friends but we don't talk we don't hang out. When we see each other it's all great. But thats it. ..I live in a sober house. And if I tell my manager i drank i'm out on the streets pretty much.....It was my 22nd birthday last week and i'm lonely as hell. ..Everytime I browse this subreddit I see a long post and say "fuck it" so i will keep this short. I don't know how to face everyone with what i've done. I dont know where to go from where I am and I just want help. ..Thanks guys and gals. ..
----------immediate responses--------

People make mistakes. There are times when I think it will be ok if I have "one or two" drinks. But then I stop and think about how I'll feel the next day and that those "one or two" would more than likely turn in to "nine or ten" and I'll feel like shit. That usually helps me abstain from drinking; knowing that I'll feel good the next day. I get those lonely feelings being sober too man. I know how you feel. Hell I'm feeling them today. PM me if you feel like it.
Feel free to pm me if you'd like someone to chat with! I may not always respond quickly but I promise I will. Drink some water and hang in there!
Come back tomorrow when you're sober. We'll be here for you.
[deleted]
You are not the first person to relapse and you will not be the last. No one here will beat you up unless you ask for it and/or you really just don't get it. I don't get that feeling so come on back tomorrow and do what you did for 66 days. We are here for you my friend. 
You're not dead so there's still hope. Put down the drink and get back to recovery. We're here.
Unfortunately relapse happens- just ask me! You know you're better off sober dust yourself off and do the things you need to do to stay sober. For me it's diligence. For you it might be something different. Find that thing. Good luck!
you posted 8 hours ago.  Time enough to have pulled your head out of your butt and recommitted to your recovery.  I slipped in the beginning but one time I didn't and here I am.            .As for long posts I am guilty of that on occasion.  Take the time read them I like to think I have something to say.      .as for lonely get to a meeting find others in recovery getting sober at 22 could be an amazing gift I drank for another 17 years and nothing good came out of it.   
I find as I get older it's harder to surround myself with friends. I've been relying a lot on my boyfriend lately and he's going out of town with my mother next week. Our only close friend in the small town where we live is currently home in the Philippines. I'm scared about what will happen when I'm all alone but I'm determined to be strong...I understand the feeling of loneliness. Alcohol was a reliable "friend". Remember that even though your badge will reset 66 days is quite an accomplishment. If you had told me two months ago that I would go 23 days without a drink I wouldn't have believed it.
