-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1yuilr/lets_talk_about_dealing_with_other_peoples/

I've seen a handful of posts where OP talks about struggling to deal with another person's relapse. They feel surprised they feel let down they feel angry they feel responsible they want to help etc. I think it's probably natural to feel any one of these things especially if you haven't been sober for very long.  ..I've also noticed that the more experienced among us some of whom I admire very much never seem surprised to hear that another person has relapsed.  Not that they act cold or uncaring it's more that they act a bit more matter-of-fact about the whole thing.  I assume that they once felt many of the things listed above but experience has taught them that other people's sobriety isn't something they can control. So they don't get personally invested in it. And I do think it's easy to get personally invested in another person's sobriety even if you don't realize you're doing it at the time...The sad reality is that relapse is fairly common. The longer one stays sober the more relapse they'll see - strangers acquaintances friends lovers - no one is immune.  Dealing with others' relapses is an issue each of us will face and an issue that many people struggle with but it's also an issue that doesn't get much airplay here on /r/stopdrinking.  ..**Questions**: *How did you learn to deal with other people's relapses?  What lessons have your years taught you?  Can you recall a time in your early sobriety when you were astounded/shocked/hurt to hear that a friend had relapsed? Tell us your stories.*..(This post isn't in response to anything or anyone in particular btw.  It's just something that I see come up from time to time and I thought the community could benefit from having this discussion.)..(Also feel free to weigh in on whether you'd have gone with *other people's* or *other peoples'*.  I went with "other people's."  I'm not 100% confident in that decision.)
----------immediate responses--------

First thing for me - I can not let another persons relapse bring ME down...Especially as a sponsor.   I am doubly powerless over someone else's addiction.   I have to draw boundaries and know when to wait and only hope they come back.  Learning boundaries is a big part of my recovery (a topic into itself)..Second relapses are not required mine occurred in the beginning because for whatever reasons I was not really ready.   Eventually my rationalizations and blame became too lame for even me...Third while they are common and need be treated as a part of recovery there is no guarantee that recovery can be regained and when the person stays out this is when it gets really hard.    I've been to funerals of stupid and premature deaths too often I go to show support to the family and to strengthen my resolve relearn the lesson that our condition will kill me if I let it.
I try to be compassionate as possible to people who have relapsed. We are all on our own path and I relapsed myself many times - once after two years of being sober. I don' see how another person's relapse could put me in any danger but I'm not an AA person.  ..Life can be hard for people who are sober or drunk. I've had a few friends who relapsed and died but one of my other friends committed suicide after staying sober for five years. I think we are all doing our best and all we can do is be there for one another in whatever way we can.
Other peoples' relapses would mean the relapses of many peoples. For example the Shawnee Cherokee and Chickasaw tribes all relapsed. These were many peoples' relapses...I can't answer the rest as I don't know anyone very well and haven't been involved here that long. I don't know anyone IRL who has relapsed since I don't know that many recovering people (or the sober people I do know don't talk about why they are sober)...edit: I used many instead of other but I don't think it really matters so I'm not fixing it. I'm tired. :)
Early on it was devastating to see people I looked up to for support go back out. But it made me more vigilant. If it can happen to them it can happen to me...I have compassion for them though. I had liver failure a couple years ago and was obviously told I could never drink again. But I wasn't ready to stop. I loved alcohol and it was the only thing I still had that made me happy. Within 3 months I started drinking again. I couldn't stand life sober and didn't care in fact I wanted to die drunk. My family and friends were distraught. I didn't care. After a 7 month 24/7 bender I had lost it all. Job home money and most of my friends. That's when I sobered up. I failed at killing myself and my only option was to figure out how to live again...So I can't judge anyone for relapsing. I realize they are in some kind of pain and the only relief they know is to drink. When I help people new in recovery I encourage them to identify their pain and figure out how to fix it. It could be with medication support groups therapy or many other things. We drank to fix something. When we get sober we have to figure out what we were fixing with alcohol and find another way to fix it or else we will end up drunk again...A good friend of mine just went out on a crack binge. I know it's not alcohol but addiction at its core is the same. I love the guy but the manipulation and hurtful behavior is too much for me to deal with. But I will be here for him if he makes it back.
As an AA person I've had the opportunity to work with guys in a sponsor-sponsee type of relationship. I've done that twice now and both other guys have relapsed. My current sponsee can't seem to string more than about a month or so right now. I have another friend - a guy I gave my number to - who calls me when he's detoxing about once a month or so. We'll talk for a while he'll tell me how awful and yet familiar it is and then I'll maybe se him once or twice before he's back to it...My first sponsor told me when he was taking me on that if he managed to stay sober while sponsoring me he was going to consider himself successful. That always stuck with me. I can't do a damn thing to keep anybody sober and even thinking that I can is a sure sign that my ego is getting the best of me again...I was still drinking when Amy Winehouse died and I was in such delusion that I couldn't even see a comparison between her and me much less learn a lesson from it. But Phillip Seymour Hoffman was sober for more than 20 years when his disease took over his life again and I get how much time that represents now. Hearing people say they once had 5 or 7 or 12 years before they pick up their 30 day chips humbles me and it keeps me in the good kind of fear the kind that keeps me aware.
My reactions vary.  ..Sometimes it hits me hard (causes me to question not if but when it will happen for me - some of the people I have seen go out seemed like they were doing everything right...).  ..To be honest other times I am judgmental.   ..Overall not a big deal for me - its just another part of the recovery game you have to accept if you are around it alot.
I had a housemate that relapsed recently. We were close and I really enjoyed her company humor and wisdom. She had 11 months; I had 9. At first I was sad - and then when we found paraphernalia to suggest she had been drinking and doing drugs in the house I was angry...After a few days my attitude changed completely. My mother called me one day after hearing the news and was upset. .."This is really upsetting me" she said..."It is a war" I said flatly. "There are casualties." ..A few weeks later (this past Sunday) she called me to tell me how much my attitude helped her understand a little bit about a recovery mindset...It might shock me and I might have initial feelings about losing the relationship but that's the attitude I ultimately have to keep.
Relapses are scary because if you hang around enough addicts you realize that relapses are not always a result of someone slacking off or flirting with their addiction or whatever else. Yes sometimes you see it coming with some folks. But sometimes it hits someone like a lightning strike and out of no where they relapse...You can fear it cross yourself avoid stepping on cracks in the sidewalk or anything else. We should fear relapses. They wreck shop sink boats sometimes they kill strong men. But if you're an alcoholic chances are good that you're going to drink again one day. ..All you can say is "Not today." ..Relapses happen and it's silly when people come slinking into a meeting or I get a shamed phone call where people admit they fell off. I understand of course but the real zen of it is that we've all done shameful things drinking. As alcoholics there is nothing remarkable about that. The real miracle is when people turn form it and say "Not today."
Ive had a horrible time dealing with this but I'm getting better. Getting sober especially since it was through court ordered substance abuse treatment really made me evaluate myself and everyone around me who uses. I've embraced recovery for myself but it also opened my eyes to my boyfriend's addiction to pot which I know sounds silly to some but he uses pot in the same capacity that I was drinking. It's been challenging and painful to be going through treatment myself but watch him indulge his addiction pretty much in my face. I made the mistake a few months ago of trying to control him begging him to stop trying to get him to accept his problem and throwing a few stupid ultimatums at him. He succeeded in not smoking for a week or 2 at a time but always ended up relapsing and all i did was create tension between us by freaking out. He started lying about it and hiding it. I was having some major crazy-pants inner meltdowns about it but I eventually had enough clarity to refer myself to nar-anon for support and even reading the chapter about wives/families in the AA big book helped me change my attitude. ..My focus this last month has been accepting that I can't control him and that I need to deal with my issues and my codependency first. I told him he doesn't need to hide it from me he knows I don't like it but I keep my mouth shut and go about my own business now when he chooses to smoke (or drink for that matter since he barely does that either). I'm happy when he doesn't smoke or drink for a stretch but I stopped making a big deal about it and when he suddenly decides to use I simply remove myself from the situation I go read a book or draw go for a walk or find something to keep busy with- I focus on what I can control- just me and my attitude. It's tough but I know I want to be with him and I know that I can't let his relapses set me back in my recovery because his addiction has nothing to do with me and if I chose to be with him I chose to be with him exactly as he is. Sorry for the wall of text. I'm typing on a tablet and it's super awkward and the autocorrect is insane. So sorry for any typos. ..Tl/dr: my boyfriend is a pot addict with some problem drinking in the past. He's cut back significantly since I've been sober but every time he relapsed I freaked out. Nar-Anon and al-anon helped me sort out my feelings. I'm focused on myself now and what things I can control- aka: definitely not him. 
In early attempts at sobriety I relapsed so much that most everyone else looked like sobriety titans. In rehabs I made many close friends. In these early days and weeks sobriety is fragile so much so that some relapsed during rehab! This felt like they had died because they  were no longer at the rehab where we all literally lived together. Kind of strange but it was the reverse for the old drinking and drugging buddies. When I'd get sober they (as I'd find out later) would say "Well he's gone over to the other side. We might never seem him again." They were wrong every single time except the last time...In the first several years of sobriety enough time had elapsed to develop very strong friendships with sober people who I never knew when they were drunk (as was the case for everyone newer than me in the rehabs). I remember one instance in particular. I had about 4 years and one of my sober friends with 7 years relapsed. We (those in the group) certainly knew this kind of thing could happen but he was a good friend so we (me and other sober friends with about the same amount of time) chased him down like we were the FBI. We found him and spent a lot of time trying to get him back. We were painfully unsuccessful. Again it felt as if he had died. To my knowledge he is still "out there."..This kind of thing happened a few more times and then it gradually dawned on me that I'm virtually useless to a drunk that wants to keep drinking. That hurts but it's true. So taking another's (see how I narrowly avoided the people's/peoples' question) relapse in stride is mostly acceptance of reality and my limitations but also a little bit of me not wanting to witness pain up close that I'm powerless to do anything about. The relapser may even seem to be having a grand old time but I just see the pain--the pain that lead to the relapse or somehow weirdly seeing the pain ahead in advance. in Al-Anon (which I've never been involved with personally) my wife learned that she had to "detach" from the alcoholic (me) to retain her sanity and to have the greatest chance of fostering my improvement and progress...It's one reason I try to be a nice guy here well diplomatic at some level anyway. Here I have a chance however small to help. And when those that relapse come back that is a joyous day indeed...Today I have sober friends I've known for almost 20 years. I consider several of them to be pillars of my own sobriety--meaning very important to me. To lose one of them to a relapse would still be tragic. But the "we" part of sobriety is big enough for me that I can have confidence that my own sobriety could lose a few of those pillars and still stand...In my experience this might be why various programs talk about having a higher power and/or support group. To me this roughly translates into the importance of having a buffer or safety net that cannot easily crumble can withstand erosion and the test of time and can regrow like the legs of a starfish..
Seeing or more often hearing about relapse is pretty upsetting. The feelings are all over the place. Fear compassionbetrayal discouragement acceptance gratitude.  It's been a while but I still remember some of what it feels like to be caught in the web of addicted thinking. Whatever moment of clarity I experienced that broke those ties is still a mystery to me. I don't know if I could do it again so I'm doing everything I know to stay on my sober path today. I try to carry a light so others can find it too.
Even as a newbie I've seen one of my litter mates bounce in and out. It took him longer to collect a week of sobriety all in one place than it took the rest of us to hit our two month (but he's getting time now!)...Just love on 'em. Get used to the idea that sometimes people leave (not just in sobriety) and that shit happens and show them some dang love. No don't let them break your bank or let them immerse you in their bullshit but offer your support and be there when they decide to do something about their problem. ..Edit: Holy shit I have 85 days. I thought I was still like... in the 70s. Time flies.
The best we can do is to stay in relationship with them albeit in a safe environment.  The shock and surprise we feel when someone we care about relapses to drinking or drug use is a consequence of not understanding the seriousness of the condition.  We know its a bad problem but we don't really know how bad a problem it is.  The WHO (world health organization) tabulates the amount of harm that different diseases cause and they found that alcoholism does more harm than Malaria Tuberculosis and HIV combined.  If you are abstinent you are quite the exception. Pat yourself on the back or go to an AA meeting and somebody will pat it for you.  The human brain is the organ that directs behavior and when its gets damaged behavior is affected.  When a person persists in behavior that is clearly damaging I suspect that the brain is not functioning in an optimum manner.  Appetites are acquired so that behavior can be automated and our appetites are established by our capacity to be rewarded.  This leaves us vulnerable to the acquisition of an appetite for whatever is rewarding.  Anyone whose brain has been damaged to the point that its most powerful reward is an intoxicating substance is in grave danger and in need of medication to reduce the need for and the power of that substance.  Anticraving medications like Naltrexone and Acamprosate help but they are not enough.  The most powerful reward available is positive relationship and substance abuse's worst consequence is the weakening of one's relationship to responsible people.  As the condition worsens the sufferer becomes frightening to responsible people and so they end up in relationship with people who are irresponsible and so less rewarding.
I am one of those long term sober guys who went out after 15 years of continuous sobriety.  Returning after 7 years was incredibly hard and it was almost like a lightening strike that it dawned on me that my happiest and mentally free-ist moments were in recovery.  When I compare and contrast the two experiences of getting sober as a young man (well relatively I was 31) and 41/2 years ago when I was 55 it was like night and day.  It was easy getting sober at 31 at least it seems that way now--it was incredibly tough coming back in 2009--I was a beat-down-dog.  But sheesh I'm so glad I did for so many reasons.   ..Several months into sobriety a guy up at the sober club where I was making most of my meetings climbed up on a ladder and hung himself from a crane where he carefully placed a noose.  I went to the wake and I was struck at the fact that there was an open coffin and the distortions in his face from his death could not be covered over by the undertaker's art.  I looked at him he was the guy who sat across the table from me.  Brian was the guy who would not throw himself into meeting despite the fact that he was well-loved and surrounded by a lot of co-workers and other union guys who were trying to work with him.  When I looked into Brian's coffin it was easy to imagine that that was me.  ..What can we do?  Take what we do in recovery serious while not taking ourselves too seriously.  We can stay focused on the here and now and try not to let ourselves be anxious about the future--because after all isn't that the thing we can't control?  We can continue to reach out to say that there is another dimension where we can and are often happy and free.
Really the less important issue but you asked. . . . and I'm a history guy not an English guy but . . ...My understanding:.."Other people's" = other individuals and correct in this case. .."Other peoples'" = other groups; males females blacks whites whatever. ..Addressing the more important question I have no experience in the area except via this /r/ and AA (and I'm fairly new there) so no real personal connections.  I tend to think "bummer" see how it might apply to me and just offer encouragement; relapse = a fall from a recovery position so positive steps were taken; I try to emphasize that...
I'm pretty new in recovery as you can see. But I've come to understand that relapses are a part of recovery. If you're doing this alone then it's a part of your journey; it's never a waste if you learn something every time...In a group setting relapses serve in the way that I just described as well as acting as a grim reminder to those of use who are on the wagon. You NEVER see someone come back from a research session with a smile on their face; and usually their share that day is enough to keep me sober...It becomes harder when you know someone on a personal level - I had a sponsor relapse and that was hard to deal with. I immediately felt overwhelmed having more of a "streak" than he did but then I realized that if you have a sponsor relapse and they're wise about it they can use it to teach you as well...Relapses will always be a part of recovery. Much like accepting the fact of being an alcoholic the sooner you make peace with it the easier things become.
