-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1z34xa/scared_by_the_brain_fog/

Hey guys. As the title suggests I'm absolutely terrified of my post withdrawal brain fog. I've been going back and forth quitting/relapsing for the past year or so. During that time my longest span completely abstinent was 45 days or so. ..In general I feel great when I put together 7 days or so sober. More energy not as depressed and my body doesn't feel like I'm dying. The only thing that gets me is the FOG that sometimes rolls into my mind. I'll start the day feeling great and then randomly sometime during the day it hits me. ..The best way to describe the feeling is simply that I feel dumb. It *literally* feels as if there is a hole in the center of my head slightly above my forehead. ..I might be able to cope with this feeling if it didn't cause other problems. For example I'll just randomly mispell a simple word while typing - not a typo I just forgot how to spell it all of a sudden. Another one is that I'll suddenly forget something (such as a name or event in the past). Try as I might I *cannot* remember it. I can almost *feel* the spot in my brain where the memory should be but I simply can't access it. Strangely if I try to remember the same thing once the fog fades I have no difficulty at all. Another is confusion trying to solve even simple problems; my mind has great difficulty following logical chains to deconstruct a problem into steps towards a solution (something I'm typically quite adept at doing)...Anyway I guess I just want to know if others have experienced this and if so how long into abstinence it lasted? It absolutely terrifies me mainly because I rely heavily on my cognitive abilities to make a living (I'm a research engineer / programmer) and if the "dumbness" lasts the rest of my life I fear that I may have for lack of a better expression permanently ruined my life...This fear of having permanently damaged myself leads me into relapse since my brain tells me "hey you already screwed yourself might as well just drink the rest of your time on this earth away". This is why I've relapsed after 45 days - the fog gets worse (or perhaps merely more noticeable) as I progress further into sobriety leading to fear panic stress and inexorably the bottle...I've been meditating and exercising daily and that seems to help somewhat but the fog keeps returning and at times anyway feels completly debilitating. Anyone have any personal experience with? Any advice on things that helped to clear it? Most importantly does it ever stop??....
----------immediate responses--------

| This fear of having permanently damaged myself leads me into relapse since my brain tells me "hey you already screwed yourself might as well just drink the rest of your time on this earth away". This is why I've relapsed after 45 days - the fog gets worse (or perhaps merely more noticeable) as I progress further into sobriety leading to fear panic stress and inexorably the bottle. |..This is alcoholic thinking epitomized.  Your alcoholic brain is LYING to you.  I know because it lied to us all especially me.  Of course the brain fog lifts.  Of course you will feel better and physically and mentally recover IF YOU STOP DRINKING.  ..Start today.  ..Make a decision to not drink today no matter what happens good or bad.  Get into recovery.  From the sound of you post you really sound like you need some solid medical advice.  Be as honest with your doctor as you were in this post and there is no doubt in my mind that a few days weeks or months from now you will totally see the truth.  Good luck and please keep sharing as you go along.
I had similar symptoms &amp; struggled with even the most remedial tasks. I also happened to be training in a dispatch position at the time which involves a high amount of multitasking. It was a nightmare but the stupor does subside. For me it was about 40 days but I had only been drinking heavily for about 5 years. I'm 24. I briefly told the people who noticed my confusion what I was going through and apologized for being a space cadet. Stay strong and fight through the fog it will lift.
I have seen some remarkable recoveries in my time in AA.  One man would start one sentence and finish another.  He could not remember what day it was so he went to a saturday meeting every day.  He is now able to carry on a conversation handles his affairs has been sober 12 years or so....  .I even heard a man whose story included drinking gasoline (cut with seven up) and though he slurred (think that was the lead) he was coherent.   Stop now before that becomes your story...and speaking of fog - what the hell do you think being drunk is except a self induced fog machine???..keep coming back
I have also lied to myself and attempted to rationalize more drinking using the premise that I'd already damaged my life and body why not keep going?  But for me there came a time when I just had to stop lying to myself.  I stopped believing the rationalizations I was creating in order to avoid dealing soberly with my life.  It was not easy but it was simple...Eventually my withdrawal symptoms faded and my physical health returned to a state better than I even recall it being.  My short term memory has also bounced back.  If you're still concerned I'd discuss it honestly with a health professional.  All the best to you.
I've had some seriously head-scratcher brain-toots in the past 50-howevermany days but I am so much more productive and on it the rest of the time that I am fine with occasionally leaving the Sonic Care by the kitchen sink (no clue how it got there I swear!)
Yup I'm frustrated with brain-fog too. I know exactly what you're saying and I worry too...I cannot - for the life of me - remember how to spell lisense. Liscense. Lisensces. Lisence. That thing you need for driving. ..Anyhoo... It's getting better and better but yeah. Lisense. ..I've read from others that it takes a few months - about 90 days to 6 months but eventually the fog lifts... I'm counting on that. Just keep at it we'll get there. Lisencse. ..Edit: by the way I'm a college professor so yeah. :-/
