-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1z89dc/i_just_wanted_to_say_thank_you_to_this_subreddit/

I'm a bit over 5 months sober now and I just wanted to take the time to thank this community by telling my story. To be honest my early sobriety (end of September 2013 up until about mid January 2014) was literally hell on earth for me. I had unimaginable crippling anxiety almost every single day. My mind was malfunctioning so badly that my body started manifesting symptoms-twitching all over/heart attack symptoms/dizziness/headaches etc. I was getting panic attacks in public and started fearing leaving my apartment. Crazy right? It was exhausting and awful and I wouldn't wish it on anyone...At first I would come to this subreddit and see people post how great they felt at 30 days sober at 60 days sober at 90 days sober and I felt happy for them but I also thought something was irreparably wrong with me for not feeling that way. Why didn't I feel great? Why does my heart keep beating so fast? Why am I getting these weird aches and pains? Why can't I sit still without wanting to jump out of my own skin? ..So I decided to try to post here and ask for help (most of these posts were since deleted out of embarrassment). When people started replying saying that they could relate to how I felt and telling me it would and could get better my burden started to lift. I realized I wasn't a crazy person that it's normal to feel off for a long time after quitting drinking and to stop worrying myself to death...It's been a month since that clicked with me and today my anxiety is nearly gone. I just wanted to say thank you to the people who have responded to me over these months and to the people who are posting on here. You never know when something you say will resonate with someone else who needs help-a lot of what has been said I've really taken to heart. So thank you...And as my piece of advice: if you are really struggling with anxiety in the first few months after quitting-you aren't a crazy person. I've been there and I made it through to the other side. Your symptoms will lessen over time. If you want to hasten that process go talk to a therapist and get some form of regular exercise.   ..tl;dr: This sub helped take me from an anxious wreck to a functional adult. Thank you guys for taking the time to help other people.
----------immediate responses--------

