-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zglk5/triple_digits_my_100_days_rant/

100 sober days in the books.  I know I've read a ton of this subreddit and that success and relapse stories alike can help in unique ways so I figure I will drop the Boozo first 100 days post on you my fellow Sobernauts...I drank heavily for about 7 years.  Blackout drunk pretty much every night.  I rotated stores I bought my booze and beer at.  I switched to cans over bottles so that there was more room in my recycle and there would be less noise when the garbage trucks came.  I've gone on week+ long benders without calling into work then making elaborate stories about how sick I was.  I let my life stagnate: no long term partners no advancement in my career lived with my parents for a very long time no real friends all sorts of health issues including a huge beer gut.  If you saw me at any point during those years I was either drunk or extremely hung over and about to get drunk...Wow that sounds awesome why did I decide to quit?  Well the last couple of years around my birthday I would seriously think about if I would make it another year living the way I was. Each time I was in serious doubt so I decided to make a change last year around my birthday.  I would get a day or two sober here and there and then fall back into it.  Every time I would come up for air my withdrawal symptoms got worse.  I would get heart palpitations be dizzy and have trouble walking panic attacks multiple times per day and I would have random abdominal pains as well.  I felt as if I would collapse pretty much daily and the only time I felt good was if I made it home and got drunk.  ..Over my attempts I started getting smarter about my approach.  I knew I couldn't be around people so I would work from home and lock myself (within reason) in my room during withdrawals.  I eventually went into the chemical dependency center and got evaluated and put on benzos to help (highly recommended).  I began looking at my doctors not as the bearer of inevitable bad news but as tools to make use of - I became assertive in what I wanted: demanded blood testing at regular intervals demanded referrals to psych and so on.  Even though all of this was headed in the right direction my sobriety still came in short intervals usually only a couple of days my best streak was 16 days...My current 100 days was a product of all that ground work an inevitable amount of holiday suckage and feeling near-bottom health-wise.  My goal was to have a week sober before having to deal with the holidays - to get the initial withdrawal over with.  That's exactly what I did except this time after 10 days I still felt REALLY bad.  Normally after a few days or a week I'd feel good then I'd start drinking again.  Having that in your face reminder and fear helped push me past my previous records.  After what seemed like forever I got 30 days.  I don't know why that number was such an accomplishment but that was when I thought 60 is definitely possible.  I grinded through 60 days and then 90 and now it feels like a year is well within my grasp...A list to go with the above word vomit.....**Things that helped**..1.  From day 0 to 30: Do not worry about anything else but not drinking.  Several of my initial attempts were conjoined with eating healthy and losing weight taking on ambitious projects.  Way to much to change at one time.  Instead I took the opposite approach.  I ate everything that even remotely looked good I binged Netflix like crazy played casual video games to kill time...2.  Exercise... every single day.  Lift weights and/or get on the elliptical/treadmill/stair machine and go for an hour at whatever speed makes you breath through your mouth.  I used to work out in the morning but switched to after work because that was when I was vulnerable to cravings.  After working out the desire to drink was much less...3.  Find busy work around the house.  Clean everything do wire management on your electronics go through all of the pens in your house and throw out the ones that don't work whatever...4.  If you're depressed look into therapy and medication even if it's for the short term...5.  Realize that unhappiness discomfort and boredom are normal parts of life.  You don't get to punch the fun button (drink) every time you're bored without consequences.  These emotions are a useful part of human evolution it keeps you from sitting still and being a useless piece of flesh...6.  Stay positive and drill it into your brain that in order to tackle your problems and resolve your symptoms you must not drink.  There may be steps after that but STEP 1: NO DRINKING.  Need to unwind?  Have sex/masturbate.  Have a craving?  Eat an entire large pizza.  Bored?  Go to sleep.  Can't sleep?  Binge Netflix.  Having a mental meltdown at a social function?  Leave...And to wrap up yes my life is a shitload better than where it was.  I feel like a 'normal' human being again I feel physically healthy emotionally stable and generally able.  I tear shit up and lay a path of (positive) destruction everywhere I go from the gym to work to my apartment.  You can tell I was there and that I've imposed order.  I walk taller hold eye contact have a firm handshake.  Basically I'm completely unburdened by all the bullshit alcohol introduced into my life...That said there's plenty more to go :)
----------immediate responses--------

That is absolutely amazing.  Fuck yeah.  keep kicking major ass.
Thank you for this a lot of good stuff here and if I was just starting this would be one hell of an inspirational post. I can't empathize enough how important to recognize point #5 is.  Once you don't have booze to run away from this it's going to suck for a while. But eventually you'll start to remember what it's like to be a human being again and that we all have emotions that we need to face naturally. ..Loved your last paragraph and I'm happy to say I'm starting to feel like that in my life too. Gives me a lot to look forward to. 
Thank you for this!  I needed to see those 6 tips.  Especially the part of realizing that unpleasant feelings are normal feelings.  
[deleted]
Awesome post!  Great tips!  This is the kind of thing that keeps me going.  Thanks!!
BOOM! So good. Thanks for this. I really like the part about "worry about nothing but not drinking" and have sex/masturbate part. I read about some folks trying to stop drinking while also doing nofap and thought they were absolutely off their rocker. 
Sounds like you really got your act together and are making a lot of really positive changes. Your advice sounds great. Congrat's and thanks!
Great list especially 1 4 5 and 6--numbers 2. and 3. I'd change to recovery meetings.  But that's just me.
Fantastic stuff and sage advice for us all. Exercise has definitely helped me the most so far and i'm loving the results. You really sound like you've got your shit together and would be a pleasure to be around!
I like this "I tear shit up and lay a path of (positive) destruction everywhere I go"; keep up the strong work.
That's my best beginner tip - for the first 30 days make not drinking your number one priority...I would get 2-3 days and start cutting calories and exercising to lose the 55 lbs I put on from drinking. Big mistake. Relapsed every time...Good job Bozo!
BOOOOM!
Awesome. Great job great post. 
Great post to read at the end of a blah humbug Monday for me. I think I'm going to drag out your #1 past day 30. :)
Hero!
[deleted]
This is incredible thank you for sharing it.
Good job!!!
I've been struggling with #5 for the past few weeks. I had some (mainly positive "settling down"-type) life changes around the same time I quit drinking and I look around these days like "Okay this is my life for the next oh...thirty years. Huh." It's a challenge to find meaningful things to fill the time that used to be filled with alcohol. But I don't want to be a useless piece of flesh so I'm working hard on it! ..Congrats on triple digits - one year here we come!
Awesome.  Step #1 is spot on.  I did exactly that and it really did get me through that first month.  Great post. 
U need to chill out and have a beer
Thank you for posting this.  Hoping to hit 100 days this time.
