-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zwc9m/havent_made_it_past_2_weeks_all_year/

I relapsed last night. Again. Luckily it was only on alcohol and I didn't do anything too crazy. I managed to only drink beer and I didn't get too drunk. But in the morning I woke up drunk a good friend text me a joke and I took offense and started talking shit to her (texting). Now I'm in the dog house with her. Not a huge deal but it's another good example why I shouldn't drink. It reminds me of my dad getting drunk and telling me stupid and mean things for no reason. I hated that about him. Now I'm doing it to my own friends...Last night wasn't all that great and I wasted quite a bit of money. I'm probably not going to make it to the gym today or do anything all that productive now...This always happens because I think I can go out and NOT DRINK. I want to hang out with my friends I want to fit in I want to have a "good time". So I get there and as soon as everyone hits the bar I can't resist...At one point I made it 4 years without a drink I would go to bars and clubs and just order water. Not anymore. I don't even know why I want to try to be honest. Most of the people I meet at these clubs and bars aren't all that great they aren't bad either but I never leave a bar or club thinking "I'm so glad I went and met so and so"...I don't know why I think I need to go out to have a good time. I have a better time staying in and waking up early and getting things done. ..Sorry about the rant guys I just needed to put this in words and let it out. Today is another day. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

A big step for me was re-arranging my life so that alcohol didn't play a role anymore. That meant avoiding bars/clubs and all places where socializing revolved around alcohol. I have to be honest with myself and remember that I cannot trust myself around drugs and alcohol. 
&gt;I want to hang out with my friends I want to fit in I want to have a "good time". ..You had better start to figure out who you are then and stop masking it with alcohol.  Every time you drink you are not you and you know it.  Time for a reality check I think.  Two weeks is good but must do better!  That is what I hear.  I had to learn all about myself and it took a lot longer that two weeks and I needed help.  It is a great journey.  you should try it.  Good Luck!
If you want your life to be different you must DO something different. I wanted sobriety more than anything. There was no alcohol at home no hanging at bars or with drinking friends. Alcohol was not within arms' reach. I went to treatment got a counselor went to aa had a sponsor worked the steps. I am one of the fortunate people with life-long recovery only because I not only listened to advice given me but changed by action. Sobriety is possible but it takes more than talking about it. ..I hope you find the support you need and deserve. It is available if you want to get well. 
&gt; This always happens because I think I can go out and NOT DRINK. I want to hang out with my friends I want to fit in I want to have a "good time". So I get there and as soon as everyone hits the bar I can't resist...I was just telling someone else or r/stopdrinking this morning precisely what you're laying out here from your own personal experience last night.  I really appreciate you sharing this.  What I hear you saying is that I listened to your alcoholic-brain when you knew your sober common sense would have had you in DRY PLACES WITH DRY PEOPLE.    ..Next time listen to your sober common sense and you would not have awaken drunk this morning.  Welcome back.
Never quit quitting!  Eventually you'll have all the pieces to put it all together.  
I also failed last night.  I really had a craving for the last two days and I thought I could get around it by drinking odouls.  Well that just made me want the real stuff so I got a sixer then proceeded to add some wine to that.  I just gave up.  But I'm back today and not drinking.  I need to make a plan for the next craving.
