-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20433l/just_had_a_really_awesome_aa_meeting/

Got to the meeting 5 minutes early and found 3 people standing outside a locked door. Apparently the guy who ran the meeting was late. There was an older couple from out of town and a guy about mid 30s who was also new to the area. We made brief small talk while compulsively checking the time on our phones and exuding the air of tension you would expect from a group of strangers standing outside the locked door of an AA meeting...About ten after it started to look like he wasn't gonna show so Mid 30s guy suggested going to another venue like a restaurant and just go over the steps. My anxiety kicked in and I immediately started coming up with an excuse as to why I couldn't go. ..He seemed pretty keyed up about it though and I realized that at this moment he really needed this so I said fuck it yeah lets go to a wendy's or something. Wherever. After a bit of persuading we convinced the older couple to join us. They were reticent at first too since they had no money. As it turns out none of us did eating wasn't really the point anyway...I felt an immediate sense of camaraderie with these people that I had just met and frankly would not have given a second glance had I passed them on the street. I felt myself rooting for these people genuinely concerned about their wellbeing. Like I had their backs and they had mine. The only other time I have ever even remotely felt that way was you guessed it from atop a bar stool...Anyway the meeting ended up being really positive and everyone seemed like they really appreciated the experience. I've had my reservations about AA in the past but tonight served to remind me not to let those criticisms overshadow the overwhelmingly positive idea of a group of people with a shared plight getting together and supporting each other in their struggle. ..Cheers.
----------immediate responses--------

Nice story. Thanks for sharing. 
very nice.  Its good to know that strangers are helping each other out there.  :) 
And that is what group therapy is all about! Thanks for sharing! :)
Amazing how this works.
Some of my best meetings have been in diners people's kitchens and in the park.   Congrats for breaking out of your "not for me" instincts...
Nice.
&gt; the overwhelmingly positive idea of a group of people with a shared plight getting together and supporting each other in their struggle...That is the core of AA in my humble opinion. I'm glad you could all be there for each other.
