-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20abcf/learning_how_to_live_again_4_months_sober/

I guess I'm what you call a high-functioning alcoholic.  For 10 years I got drunk almost everyday.  Beginning college I would usually only drink on the weekends; but the drinking was always with the goal of getting shit-faced.  At the end of college I would get drunk everyday even before exams.  I graduated with good grades and got a high paying job.  ..I would drink everyday have a hangover but still be able to do my job well.  In fact I noticed (or believed) that my best work was the day after I had drank a 12 pack of beer the night before. Then the drinking got worse; I would be blackout drunk vomit at 4h00am and still go to work the next day.  Last November I ended up in the hospital.  Spent three weeks there with a terrible case of pneumonia.  Almost.  Fucking.  Died...As I was lying on the hospital bed struggling to breathe I realized that I had spent the last 10 years in a alcohol daze.  My life had been focused on drinking; it's the only thing that made me happy truly happy.  It became the only way I experienced life.  Everything I did I wanted to do while I was drinking.  It's like I felt everything had much more meaning passion.  If I wasn't tipsy or drunk everything was boring people were boring life was boring... On that hospital bed I realized I had forgotten how to live.  I had been lost to the world...So I stopped drinking.  I'm learning how to live again.  It's not easy but it's the only way.....
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol changes our brain chemistry so that our normal reward pathways are no longer calibrated correctly - so exactly what you're saying happens - normal things seem boring to an drinking alcoholic...It's good to hear your story - and that you made it through and are learning to live sober. Thanks for sharing it. 
What's the best thing that has happened to you while re-learning to live?
I can really relate to this. I look back on the past 10 years and wonder what the hell I was doing.. I was living every day just to drink. Good times bad times I was passing the time until I could drink. For me I started around 18 so it's like I have no idea what life is at 27. Time to catch up
