-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20ahu2/struggling_a_bit_tonight_so_i_thought_id_post/

I'll try to keep this short...My story isn't that unusual.  I've been depressed most of my life even as a kid and started drinking heavily when I was about 21.  It started with beer and grew into vodka.  At my peak I was drinking a mickey of vodka (375 .ml I think) a night sometimes more.  I gained about 60 pounds from booze and associated shitty eating in the space of about 3 years.  For years I woke up every day with a hangover little memory of the night before and nothing but shame.  Every morning I'd swear THIS was the day.  I wasn't going to drink.  And every night I'd swing by the liquor store.  Sometimes I was a horrible wife and sometimes I was a great one.  Sometimes it felt like booze solved all my problems and then other times it felt like it was crippling me.  ..I hear people talking about hitting rock bottom and then getting their lives together.  I've hit rock bottom dozens of times and never managed to turn it around.  ..I'm not exactly sure why 24 days ago was my day.  I had come back from visiting a friend and had had a great time.  I didn't drink my whole visit - that was how great it was.  When I came home I just felt so depressed.  I cried and drank and cried and drank and puked and then cried and drank some more.  I don't know how I was able to pull it together for work and my husband but somehow I did.  Then I decided to do something different.  I decided to ask for help...Spending years drinking my health has gone to shit - physically and mentally.  All the things I'd loved before - reading playing the piano studying music writing/researching volunteering - GOOD things -it's like I'd forgotten those things could make me happy.  I remember in some former life that they did but I just didn't believe they could anymore.  But I was sick of regretting day after day of my life.  So I decided I was going to create 100 days in a row that I was not going to regret.  ..I told my husband that I was struggling with depression and had been drinking a lot (he knew I drank but not how much.)  He was incredibly compassionate instead of being angry or judgmental.  I told him I was going to spend 100 days getting my life back on track.  For 100 days I decided to:..*  No booze for 100 days. .*  Eat 3 healthy low-carb meals (I've had good results with keto in the past)..*  Get 30 minutes of some kind of exercise even if it's just walking a day.*  I made a list of books I'd been putting off reading because I was always too drunk.*  My husband is curating 25 films for me (he's a director for film/tv).*  Five friends (mostly music profs or serious amateurs) are each giving me one song or piece of music to listen to each day.  It can be anything.  For the first time I've said that I'm depressed and struggling with addictions (that's all I've chosen to say) and the response has been so humbling...The results so far:..First sleeping for the first week sucked but I've put a lot of effort into practicing mindfulness meditation as well as developing good sleep habits and after about a week I started REALLY sleeping and the difference between sleeping and blacking out is amazing.  ..Second my anxiety and depression has almost disappeared.  There are still struggles and all the issues from my past I've been drinking to cover up but the fog has cleared from my brain and after pushing through some powerfully awful days at the beginning the peace I feel is extraordinary.  ..Third I've lost 15 pounds.  Seriously I went from 177 - 162 (as of this morning.)  I've been sticking to about 1200-1500 calories a day and under 30 carbs.  I guzzle carbonated water (it's been a lifesaver.)  Also I'm jogging 3k 5 days a week and the exercise has been a lifesaver.  I look and feel so much better it's not even funny.  ..Fourth I've religiously stuck to feeding my mind and soul and slowly day by day I'm remembering how to love something that's not booze and to love something WITHOUT the aid of booze.  As of today there's been 120 pieces of music - from Bartok to Grateful Dead - history books music books Orson wells films jogs in the rain good nights of sleep cooking new and healthy food.  It's been amazing...I'm not healed.  I still struggle especially when I'm bored.  Or sad.  Or lonely.  Or happy.  I want to drink!  But I've had 24 days in a row that I DO NOT REGRET.  I think I get about .5% better with every day that goes by.  And that 12% really makes a difference.  Other people are noticing.  And most importantly I'm learning what it means to be the real me not the drunk me.  And damned if for the first time in my life I'm starting to like her.  ..**Note**  I know I only said I would stop drinking for 100 days.  I think the idea of forever has been too much for me to handle in the past so I hope you understand why I'm doing it this way.  With each day that I move further from my last drink the less I want to have another.  I'm trying not to think about forever I'm just trying to take things in chunks I can manage and today 100 days FEELS like forever...Thanks for reading my story.  You guys are an inspiration.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats this is awesome! And wow you took on a whole lot at once...For what it's worth I know it's pretty frowned on here but I am looking at this "year off" in much the same way. It feels like a do-able digestible non-threatening chunk and I know that one of my goals in this year is get to a place of being OK with "one day at a time" after that.
Preach! Great list of activities- way to be constructive and productive with all this newly acquired spare time. 
Be careful about the strict diet change in conjunction with quitting. Keto tends to get abandoned by most people after results are met and it is that sort of mentality that could get you back into drinking. You reach your goal and go "ok I'll slip in carbs again." Just my .02 but maybe focus completely on your sobriety at this point. Don't worry about what you are eating. Energy will return and give you the opportunity to exercising again and when you are secure in your sobriety then think about making *lasting* dietary changes that could be sustained for the rest of your life. 
You're doing great keep doing what you are doing. Coming here to read &amp; post when in difficulty is a fine idea - it really helped me. It takes time but eventually you will lose the desire to drink.
This is it right here. This is truly inspiring stuff. I white knuckled sobriety after my DUI an I was miserable. Then I got active. In recovery in my health and in my life. Not just one thing led me to the state of happiness I have today it was a combination of everything that improved my spirit and restored my zest for life...As far as the 100 days goal nothing shameful about it. I approach my sobriety a day at a time as soon as I start thinking about forever anxiety comes back so I'm not ready to tackle the rest of my life I'll just focus on today...I'm reasonably sure by the 100 days you won't have a desire to start back up considering all you have gained.
