-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20b1xg/not_drinking_the_reasons_why_i_eat_healthy/

Health fewer calories etc. is not my main reason for not drinking. If it was I would convince myself to have a drink now and again...I quit for other more drastic reasons - I don't like to moderate eventually I convince myself that drinking my drinking is fine get carried away and do something stupid and unforgivable aka: I turn into a reckless asshole...I've stopped for 60 days. I'm pretty happy with how things are going. The first week was rough. I ate pretty crap food as a substitute but gradually I've been getting into a better routine. Once I got the first week out of the way and convinced myself that I simply could not drink again I realised this lifestyle change would be significant and required some drastic changes...I decided to eat healthier. 3 square meals + healthy snacks. I wasn't in terrible shape and already kept a relatively active/healthy lifestyle while drinking (as much as was possible) but I realised part of being my best self was to improve exercise + diet. I now run further I stretch more regularly I do weights with more frequency and better posture I eat correctly...The major benefit of this is that this is another less drastic thing I have quit that I can 'relapse' on. I can have a soft drink now and again. I can have a burger and feel a little guilty. When I go to bars with friends I have a diet coke and enjoy it - it's a treat I'm not depriving myself in this situation but indulging. I just never indulge in alcohol...I actually have a few cans of soft drink in my fridge. These were given free with food delivery. They've sat there for weeks now. They remind me of my self control. Maybe one day I'll have a really drastic day and drink that soda. When that happens - if that happens - it'll be a warning...I see my diet/exercise as not just a good lifestyle option but a buffer zone between me and alcohol - a rule I can break and while I feel a bit uneasy about breaking it - can bounce back easily enough...So far this system has been working for me really well. Curious to hear others' experiences.
----------immediate responses--------

After all this sober time I have a goodly amount of experience with cake.
Gosh it seems like there's a healthy changes and living thread happening on SD this morning.  Congrats on your healthy changes. 
I've never had a sweet tooth before; now I'm a candy demon!  A fruit and nut bar dipped in non-fat yogurt is delicious but sweet-tarts and gobstoppers are becoming a major food group for me! Other than that I probably have a healthier diet than 9X% of the U.S!  At least for the most part I stay away from chocolate and fatty calories and pretty much stick to "sugar candies."
I love this idea. I am reading "The Power of Habit" right now and they talk about how "relapse is inevitable" and you just need to make sure the relapse doesn't happen in the same way that the previous habit loop was enforced. (Example: If you got in the habit of having a cookie in the breakroom every afternoon at three with Bob Sue and Jen you could conceivably have a cookie at your desk one morning without reinforcing the same loop. Or you could go to the breakroom and chat with Bob Sue and Jen but not have the cookie. Or you could have your cookie out in the park with Bob Sue and Jen... any combination but you don't want to do the whole loop because it will reinforce the old habit.)  But clearly that idea is less acceptable when we talk about booze because the booze itself sets off an avalanche. I like the idea of having a place where there's something in the loop that's just a "soft relapse" item. (Eg. The diet coke- or hell a sugary coke if you chose- at a bar.) That there is that reward or treat element there.
