-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20brp4/one_year_sober/

Today it's been a year without alcohol in my life. I feel anxious and have some problems with bipolar disorder but overall my life is much better now...I have social phobia so I've managed to do it without AA...This sub helped me very much and still helps me so I wanna to thank all of you companions in this struggle.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Happy anniversary wishing you continued sobriety!
Well done! Thanks for sharing this important milestone. It gives other people hope.
Congratulations! That's great!
HUGE achievement. You're an inspiration. Congrats!
Congratulations on achieving this milestone -- it gives people like myself hope!
You should be very happy with yourself! Great job keep the days coming!
Congratulations my friend!! 
Congratulations on your success!  ..For anyone else who may be nervous about attending AA there are resources online to stream AA meetings where you don't need to turn on your camera unless you want to.  Let me know if you want those websites I'd be glad to help...Stay strong everyone!
Fantastic.  You deserve all the pride you feel.
I'm almost there. I also have social phobia and bipolar disorder actually so I know where you're coming from. One day at a time my friend. :)
Nicely done congrats!!
Awesome!
Great work :D
[deleted]
fantastic!  congratulations to you.
Awesome! Do it again!
Thanks for sharing your success.  Congratulations!
Well done!
Congrats that's awesome. One thing I've found that is most awesome about not drinking I got to work on myself. With the help of a good therapist and willingness I've reduced my fear of flying to almost nil and am currently getting to work on my social anxiety with some reasonable results so far. So if you do want to work on your social phobia in my experience its totally possible. This is just my experience and not meant as a suggestion if you don't want it. Happy 1 year!
Congrats!
Congratulations! Coming from someone who has bipolar disorder social anxiety disorder and has trouble with alcohol as well I know how tough life can be suddenly switching into being sober all the time. You can do it and it only gets better keep it up!
Congrats!
Great job you are awesome! I bet you've got a lot on your mind reflecting back to a year ago
Kudos!
It's a very great milestone. Something about doing an entire cycle I guess. Congratulations and best wishes.
Congratulations. One year!
BIG TIME congrat's!
Amazing milestone! :D
