-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20cf2b/used_to_be_a_big_drunk_but_rebuilding_your_life/

 Thought I would jump in here and write a bit about my experience with alcohol. I was never a drinker in high school. In fact I never touched a drop of the stuff. I did not have my first drink until one night after work at age 19 in the parking lot of a grocery store chain I was employed at. All the hot girls were sitting out there so I certainly wanted to be a part of that. One of the girls offered me a beer and I made a decision that would impact me for the next 20 years...  I did not just take off and start drinking tons and tons of beer. My alcoholism developed over a number of years and continued to escalate with each day that passed. I destroyed many quality relationships vehicles trust from friends employment opportunities and almost anything else positive in my life... I have been to jail for more times than I care to admit and I have even done a significant amount of time in prison. I have been Baker Acted lived on the street been in rehabs drug/alcohol outpatient treatment centers. None of these things worked. The simple reason they did not work is because I was not TEACHABLE. I thought that because I was college educated and multiple degrees that I was smarter than my addiction. To be totally honest with everyone I think that made me the dumbest person in the world. There were always people willing to help me but I was not WILLING to listen. I was a liar cheat and a con artist. Anything to get people off my back so I could continue my drinking. .. Eventually one day. I woke up. I have no idea how or why this happened. I actually felt normal one morning. I didn't need to grab the nearest bottle to calm my shaking hands or remove the next case of the "sweats". I decided to go to the computer and start to look for a detox center that was state funded. I certainly could not afford to pay for anything. I was broke damn near homeless and unemployed. I found a facility that was willing to see me the next day at 4:00pm. .. I had to beg my father to take me to this facility. My parents had written me off a long time ago. (And they did it for my own good.) So my father dropped me off and we said our goodbyes. Everything was up to me now. Every decision I made from that point on was all on me. I could not wallow in self-pity any more blame the world for my problems and all of those excuses I as an alcoholic liked to use. But this time...it was different. I was different. I was ready to listen learn apply myself and get everything I could from anyone willing to talk to me about my alcoholism... I love going to A.A. meetings now. I have a sponsor and I work the steps. The Big Book is my "2nd Bible". Is everyday perfect? No way! Are there challenges ahead in my life? Sure. Do I get frustrated and upset sometimes? Yes. But I now have a HUGE list of people I can call and talk to regarding these feelings. I used to look for these answers in the bottom of liquor beer and sometimes even pill bottles. I promise anyone who is taking the time to read this that the answers are not there. I looked for a long time. I believed alcohol to be my one and only friend. Always there for me helping me get through the day and night. It is all a big mirage. There is so much more to being happy and alcohol is not the answer for me anyway... Thanks for taking the time to read this. If you are struggling with alcohol and thinking about taking a drink don't do it. Call someone go for a walk go to a meeting do anything other than be DISHONEST with yourself. Try not to go down my path. I know it is easier said than done but if I did it...anyone can do it. ..At first Alcohol was: FUN. Then it was a: HABIT. Then is became a: NECESSITY...Now: Meetings were a: NECESSITY. Then they were a: HABIT. Now meetings are: FUN... 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your story. There are a lot of people reading this site. It all helps.
Congratulations on your recovery...Thanks for your story.
Thanks for sharing your story. You never know what sentence of your story may resonate with a person that might change their life for the better. Stick around and keep sharing! And keep on keeping on your path. :-)
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing your story.  I love going to AA meetings in fact I'm just back from my home group meeting.  I love hanging with my pals and catching up at the Sober Club.  Life lived one day at a time is FUN.
I am so glad you have found a way to keep yourself sober and positive.  Everyone's stories are valuable.
I've bookmarked this post and I plan to come back to it on the innumerable occasions when I feel like I'm between a rock and the hardest place on earth.  So much of this resonated with me and I want to thank you for sharing.  I went through years of feeling like I needed to drink because I was sad while feeling sad because I needed to drink.  It takes courage to get sober and it takes even more courage to stay sober.  But I think the most courageous thing is to admit when you're wrong and when you've been wrong.  You are an inspiration.  Thank you thank you thank you.
