-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20dqma/it_finally_hit_me/

I am so disappointed in myself for not admitting it sooner. I am an alcoholic. I can't just have one or two. I need like 4 or 5. It all started in college... I have pretty bad social anxiety so I'd just use alcohol to get crazy and just be outgoing. I never realized my limits and I'd always be that girl who was passed out drunk in her own vomit. I lost a lot of potential friends and just ended up dropping out because I couldn't handle being away from family and being responsible. I've been arrested for underage drinking DUI in 2009 complete with interlock for 6 months. I've driven drunk so many times I can't even count AFTER getting my DUI. ..The only time I have been sober for more than a week since turning 18 (I'm 26 now) is when I was pregnant with my son. I did not drink at all while pregnant. That was something that I would absolutely not do. But within a week of having him I was back in the game. I'm so ashamed to admit that. I have even breastfed him while having alcohol in my system. No more than 3 beers though. But still. Fuck. I hate myself for that...My fiancee has asked me to stop drinking because there are alcoholic genes on both sides. I've been a complete sloppy mess in front of him a few times while he watched the baby. Lately I have been going to night school and getting drunk on the drive over.. then another on the way home without him knowing anything. As far as he knows the last drink I had was a month ago. I just can't deal with the lies and the guilt anymore. ..I spent the last weekend away with the baby and my mother and got completely wasted. My mom is an alcoholic too. We just enable each other and turn every hangout session into a party. I woke up after drinking for the better part of the day completely in a panic because I blacked out. On the drive home with my mom I told her everything about my drinking and I told her I can't do it anymore I don't want to hang out with her...All of the stress from being a student a full time mom and adjusting to this new life just really drives me to drink. I am so bored sometimes. I feel so terrible because I have to be a mother to my son! I really want to be a great mom and a great partner. I want to go to AA but my fiancee doesn't even know how badly I struggle. ..I'm 4 days sober and really enjoying the weight that has been lifted. I hope it sticks. I'm very motivated and determined this time..
----------immediate responses--------

6 days here. Father of three husband of 8 years. Functional alcoholic. Great job beautiful healthy kids loving wife. ...You are doing the right thing. I finally admitted that I needed help and it's been the best thing for me. My wife told me she was scared of my drinking. What's more important booze or my health. You can certainly do this!..
AA was very helpful to me. Any impulse you have to push for support groups of sober activities will be helpful. Follow your instincts whenever they suggest things that you believe will be helpful to your personal sobriety. Good things will follow.
Alcoholism does great harm to those who love us if we don't put it in check. This is as serious as any other progressive debilitating fatal disease. Taking this step is powerful and it can save more than your own life. Welcome!
As an alcoholic parent I did irresponsible  stupid things.   Getting sober allowed me to be there.   I needed AA.  I could not do it alone and I tried and tried ........You can do it.  This way or that and your children and you will be much the better for it...Edit: I suggest alanon for your spouse - if only to educate.
I'll never forget when this epiphany happened for me--I laughed and laughed and like you was asking myself how the hell did I miss that!  It was so obvious all along and I just didn't get it...Good luck to you.
My situation has similarities to yours so much familiar about it...I have two young kids an alcoholic parent with whom I had the same sort of dynamic...The most powerful thing for me was realizing that I had the power to change a cycle by raising my kids in a home in which alcohol does not play a huge part. When I was pregnant with my second I had the realization that I did not want to pass off to her the lessons that I learned about how to use alcohol as a crutch. I wanted her to be better than me stronger more independent less bogged down...Of course I drank for a few more years after she was born but eventually I gathered the momentum to act on it and that realization is really motivating to me now. All the more so because I don't have to wistfully dream about raising my kids differently then getting shitfaced while feeling guilty...Don't know if that makes sense. Just saying that all of this is within your reach. You just have to make the changes that will allow you to be the sort of person and mother you are not the one that's being buried beneath your drinking.
