-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20hvqd/my_weekend_just_went_from_super_pleasant_to/

I woke up this morning and made a commitment to  myself that no matter what I would not drink today. Then I came across a giant bottle of rum and I almost threw it all out the window without even thinking...I totally get why they say to keep alcohol out of your house. .Unfortunately for me this is my mother's house and she's an active alcoholic...After personally experiencing a very pleasant week a relaxing Friday night and a nice Saturday morning (can't say the same for my mother or my sister - both drank every night) I went with my boyfriend to pick up his nephew. We take him overnight every Saturday. We shared a very cute moment where he wanted my boyfriend to carry him inside. As we settle into the house (and realize that no one is home - yay! some peace and quiet from the chaos) my boyfriend asks "is there anything to drink?" Obviously he meant non-alcoholic and he was asking meaning is there anything besides diet coke and water (all I drink) at my house. We both go to look around and just as he spots a bottle of cranberry juice I eye the giant bottle of rum my mom has to accompany it. It's like I was frozen on it; I couldn't think yet I somehow knew that I needed to alert my boyfriend of the fact that I have zoned in completely on this bottle of rum. I can't get out "please help me!" so I start to say "rum! rum!" I am like completely locked on it. I don't even like rum let alone this particular bottom-of-the-barrel rot gut shit. It was like I didn't even have a consciousness anymore just instinct. He's still unaware (and looking back he was pretty stoked on finding some cranberry juice - he also just told me that he thought I was concerned that he was going to drink it so he sort of laughed it off) as I reach over to the bottle to grab it. We were right over the sink.. but being totally honest with myself I don't even know what I was thinking or doing at this point. As I open it there's this weird moment of *am I going to start chugging this bottle or pour it down the sink?* like the two parts of me are wrestling... and I go to start to pour it down the sink. Only at this point as I have this giant bottle open and held in front of me does my boyfriend realize what's going on. He starts to shout "What are you doing? That is so gross! You don't even like that rum it's nasty!" and then as he realizes I am about to pour it down the sink (by now I am shaking and basically having a panic attack) and tells me I can't pour out all of my mother's rum. He coaxes it out of my hands. As soon as I snapped back into my consciousness I realized that I have no desire to drink and if I did feel a craving I could use any of the tools/strategies I have to get past them. However this was like nothing I had ever experienced. Just blind... instinct. In that instant there was no time for me to reason with myself. It was just going to happen. I am soooo lucky that my sober self was at least somewhat present in that moment. ..I just reminded my mom that I asked her sooo many times to hide her bottles. I told her near tears that I almost just relapsed and chugged that rum. She went "what?! what?!" and then "you know you need to stop.... whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger."..I've been thinking a lot lately about how I need to remove myself from this toxic environment (which is extremely difficult when you are just starting out as both a young adult out of college as well as a newly sober person - I have no savings no car rent is extremely high dog-friendly housing is next to impossible to come by - and I know that these are probably excuses but rent is really fucking high) and this is just the thing to remind me to get my ass in gear. Save every fucking penny and get roommates. It just needs to happen...For now I am sober and safe. I am back in a present state of mind. I made us all lunch and I have birthday cake oreos for dessert. I am going to watch more Veronica Mars. I have work later which is always a nice break from my family. I have told everyone in my house what happened and am posting here so that I will absolutely not drink it later no matter what my alcoholic brain tells me. I need to get my ass to a more structured 12-step meeting if not today then tomorrow. And I will be calling a therapist this week...Idk sorry for the wall of text - I just needed to write this down. Thanks for listening
----------immediate responses--------

Be happy that you didn't drink today and strengthen yourself for tomorrow. Good luck and good job 
You made it through it and we're so glad you did. And you're right your focus should definitely be getting out of that environment. Reading that made me very grateful no one drinks in my immediate family that I live with. ..Yay for birthday cake Oreos and Veronica Mars for a reward of sorts! :-D
Wow how incredibly healthy that you're able to share about this with as much insight.  You can see why we can be so adamant about dry people dry places in early sobriety.  But look as you yourself point out--you have had a good sober week and some cool reasons to keep doing this.  Hang on to your progress!
Great job! As alcoholics all we want to do is feed our addiction. Give yourself a pat on the back.
Thank you for sharing your powerful experience. ..I relate. It does get better but that's what we're up against. Even the strongest 'will' the most sincere 'resolution' will eventually be challenged by the blind instinct of alcoholism. I keep telling new guys that I work with that just 'telling yourself not to drink' is bound to eventually fail because in moments like this my thoughts feel pretty damn petty. And if you haven't done at least a little bit of work to prepare yourself you won't have a 'sober self' present to fight the instinct. ..You've done something right in the last few weeks to at least have something present there something that can give you a 1 or 2 second pause...I continued to do everything my therapist and the people in the AA meetings told me to do and eventually these moments went away. Completely. I still have the thought of drinking every few months but it's fleeting and doesn't feel anything like it used to.
Now you've got your first sober ambition! You'll be so appreciative of your own amazing abilities once you accomplish it. Stay strong one step at a time and you'll get there! In the meantime congratulations on having such a cool boyfriend.
