-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20jc0r/the_bitter_taste_of_gun_oil_my_story_and/

Hey everyone I'm dexreddit and I'm an alcoholic. ...I come from a great home with loving parents who never abused me never got divorced and I never saw out of control drinking where I lived growing up. My father is an alcoholic and has been sober since before I was born. My mother drinks in a very normal manner. A glass of wine from time to time with a nice dinner. The picture perfect childhood. Yet I am alcoholic....When I was 12 years old I knew that I wanted to try getting loaded but I was terrified of becoming an alcoholic. My dad always said that it might be genetic and there's a good chance it could get away from me. So I hid from the booze and went for the drugs. By 16 I had done every drug I could find and I decided it was finally time to try a drink. I drank a pint of beer and sat there for a minute. The temples on my head warmed up and the tip of my nose felt numb. Every cell in my body rejoiced and I decided "fuck drugs this is where it's at!"....I immediately became a daily drinker. Hiding it in my locker at school in the crawl space above my closet in the toilet tank in the bathroom that my younger brother shared with me. Drinking solved all of my problems. It took me from a lonely nervous wreck to a confident and outgoing kid who people thought was funny to be around. I couldn't get enough. My parents started to worry a lot and knew exactly what I was doing. My mom would say things like "Every time you leave the house I worry that I'll get a phone call that you've been killed in an accident or that you're in jail." ...At 18 my dad told me to never come by or call him unless it was to get help with drinking. My girlfriend of 3 years bailed because I was a mess. I moved to a really crappy place in a really crappy city. I could barely afford the rent because I was spending almost all of my money on staying drunk. I became obsessed with trying to control my drinking. Sometimes I hear people talking about "controlling and enjoying" their drinking. The bottom line for me is that if I'm controlling it I'm not enjoying it...and if I'm enjoying it I'm sure as shit not controlling it....Between 19 and 21 things went from bad to worse. I couldn't hold a job and my life had been reduced to 2 square blocks. I would shake awake at 5:30 every morning and search for any booze I might have failed to drink the night before. Usually I would find nothing. Then I would have to wait outside the liquor store (2 blocks away) until 6am when they opened. The guy would unlock the door and my bottle of Popov was always already sitting on the counter for me....One of these mornings I got my bottle and I knew I couldn't make it the 2 blocks to get home before drinking. There was a small alley behind the liquor store and someone had dumped a couch there. I sat down on the couch opened the bottle and started drinking. I looked up and a crackhead (who seemed to appear out of nowhere) was looking at me. He said "Hey man you've got a really nice spot here!" Then he took off. His words echo in my head still...it freaked me out because he was serious. Here I was sitting on a discarded couch in an alley behind a liquor store in the ghetto at 6am drinking vodka...and this dude thought I had it made. Moment of clarity #1....On my 21st birthday I went to a bar. It was empty. I sat down and ordered a drink. I was all alone. I told the bartender it was my 21st birthday and he felt so sorry for me that he didn't charge me for the first 3 drinks. I kept drinking after that but I couldn't manage to push away the shame and remorse. Alcohol always worked for me...even if it caused some problems it had never let me down until that day. I went home got a .38 revolver out of my closet and sat on the cold concrete floor with the barrel in my mouth. I must have sat there like that for a couple of hours just trying to work up the courage. Arguing with myself and becoming intimately familiar with the bitter taste of gun oil. Eventually I put the gun down and passed out. Moment of clarity #2....A few months later I got a call from an old high school friend. He was having a party and wanted to get the old crew back together for a big blowout. I felt like this was the answer. Let's make things the way they were when booze was amazing and I didn't hate myself or what I was doing. I drove to my hometown and went to the party. To say I got drunk would be like saying the beach gets sandy sometimes. I remember getting into a brawl with the guy who invited me to the party and then I blacked out. When I woke up I was handcuffed to a chair in the lobby of the county jail. I wasn't in the drunk tank so I was really confused. It was a Monday morning and people were shuffling in for their day at work. I felt like I was on display. A warning to anyone...here's what you don't do on a Sunday evening. I had pissed my pants and there was puke on my shirt. I felt completely hollow inside. I couldn't feel anything but a massive void. Someone came and uncuffed me. I was informed that I was arrested for driving under the influence. They processed and released me. I walked to a pay phone. I was going to call an old friend and have him come pick me up but for some reason I called my dad. When he answered I said "Dad I can't stop. What do I do?". ...He came and picked me up and we talked for a long time. He told me his entire story and that I don't have to live like this any more. We found a treatment center and he helped me get a bed there. I stayed in the center for 28 days. I don't remember much of it. I was really sick. I found a house for sober people and started living there. ...As I started to meet more and more people that don't drink my life started to improve a little. I will never forget the first time I laughed sober. Someone told me a joke and I laughed so hard that I couldn't stop! It sounds so stupid but that laugh shifted me somehow. It's like I never believed anything could be good without booze before that. ...In the days that I've been sober I've been through some amazingly good times some very tough times and everything in between. It's not always good but it is always real. Today is the day that I don't drink...no matter what. Sometimes when I'm talking to someone who is struggling with drinking that bitter taste of gun oil rises up in my throat. I think it will always be there. I'm glad it is...it's like a reminder that drinking takes me to the very bottom. Whenever I hear someone talk about "hitting bottom" and how it's different for everyone I can't help but disagree. Externally it might be different. You might have a lot of money or no money...you might have lost jobs or you might never have lost jobs. You might be homeless or in the penthouse. But INTERNALLY I believe it's always the same. Is the pain of drinking greater than the pain of not drinking? Do you ever wake up and wish you hadn't? Do you feel empty and alone even when you have a hundred people around you? If so you don't have to feel like that forever....Today it boils down to this: ...Did I stay away from a drink today?.Did I work towards improving whatever my current situation is today?.Did I talk to at least one other person who is trying to not drink today?...If I can answer yes to the first question then it was a good day. If I can answer yes to all three then it was an amazing day...regardless of the day to day minutia that we deal with as humans...Thanks to anyone who managed to read this wall of text. There's a lot more to my story and I really tried (unsuccessfully) to keep it short. I'm glad I found this group!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for your post. I read the whole thing which I don't often do because I'm so scatterbrained. It's harrowing...Your moments of clarity are electric. I have a few and I think about them often. I wish I could gift everyone who is struggling with just a bit of what those moments feel like. I consider them spiritual experiences. Not 'white light' spiritual experiences but 'black hole' spiritual experiences which I consider to be infinitely more valuable for a hardheaded arrogant alcoholic such as myself...Keep working it. I hope to get a few more 24 hours.
[deleted]
Thanks so much for your story.  I am proud of you that made you made it through to the other side and can help others out...Being able to laugh cry and feel is an amazing thing and something that we never do 100% when drunk.
Great read... Very eye opening and certainly interesting. I think most of us can at least relate to one part of it.../r/stopdrinking welcomes you!!
Your words and writing are like gold that made me put down the beer I just had in my hand. Thank you and congrats on being able to share this.
Thank you. I'm glad you're joining us!
[deleted]
Late to your post but I wanted to add my greetings as well.  My friend Richard a VietNam veteran who thought he was seeing ghosts of the men from the platoons that he commanded had a very similar moment.  As he readied the gun the thought hit him to finish the drink.  He passed out and awoke the next morning.  Here's the thing it still took sometime to crawl out from the weight of all that.  I'm so glad you shared this welcome and I look forward to you sharing as you go along.
Thanks for sharing your race certainly sounds as though it has been run.
Can't get to my usual Sunday morning meeting.  I think today is a speaker meeting.  Your story makes a very nice substitute...Thank you for sharing your story it will keep me sober today..
That was a good read regardless of whether or not you're trying to quit drinking. Was kinda like reading a Charles Bukowski novel though with a happy ending. 8/10.
An amazing story one that shows just how insidious this disease can be...I read the whole post and the part that left the biggest impression on me was "the three questions." I'm going to reflect on these at the end off each day moving forward in my own (very recent) sobriety...Thanks for sharing and best wishes!
Wow! What a tale you've lived to tell! I'm glad you're here. 
Thank you very much for taking time to share your story. 
Wow thank you... It is real really freaking real. Sometimes it seems so real it's overwhelming. 
Thank you!
One thing jumped out at me.  You used almost the exact words that were my moment of clarity:  that you "don't have to live like this anymore"...One morning or afternoon I was supposed to be at school but instead was still wasted sitting on the couch having projectile vomited on myself.  I was sitting in a sun beam.  All of a sudden a mental voice my own voice came through the haze and with great excitement declared in almost disbelief of the simplicity of it: "I don't have to do this anymore!" ..It was at that moment that two things happened.  Firstly it was the first moment that I realized that I really truly did NOT want to be living like that.  Secondly that it was actually possible that I dolenyoung not only had a chance to get out but damn well could...would even!..I had never believed that before.  I'd rationalized the lifestyle by trying to convince myself I loved it and on the other side of the fence I'd already resigned myself to that being my future even if I didn't like it...What made all the difference ..(in addition to being a spiritual epiphany of course--seriously I felt an otherworldly power at that moment and was at peace...it lasted all day and I was simply euphoric!) .....was that no longer was I simply hearing phrases such as "you shouldn't do this" or "have you ever thought of quitting" or even "if I can do it you can".  It was the realization that I didn't have to keep doing it!  And it was coming...from me!  ..(in your case your dad; but the wording was the same; it was FREEIING you not making you do a new hard thing!)..I just hope that everyone who gets an epiphany like this just runs with it; you want to get far enough away by the time the euphoria fades so just run and don't look back for a second!..
Thanks for your story it's very inspiring. Especially how you have defined your "rock bottom". The first time I have talked about my personal rock bottom in my "support group" people laughed at me and told me that I was far away from a *rock bottom*. I am very thankful that I didn't gave a shit about what they have said otherwise this would have been a reason to start drinking again. ..It was important for me that I have realized that I was unable to manage my life/certain situation without booze and that I have lost control. Booze was controlling me not the other way around. ..Thanks for your story. 
.
That was incredible. What a story. I am glad you got the help you needed and are improving your life...That part at the end about the good day great day with the three questions- I am sure that will stay with me. Thank you
I have been moved by your story. Thank you so much for sharing it - welcome!
I thought this was really powerful. Thanks...and this:..*Here I was sitting on a discarded couch in an alley behind a liquor store in the ghetto at 6am drinking vodka...and this dude thought I had it made.*..was painfully funny
I've heard people on here say something to the effect of when attending meetings you'll often "hear others telling your story" -- and in a way I felt that here...On a number of occasions before becoming sober I'd think about my pathetic drunken state and all of the people I'd hurt or let down and I'd fantasize about just taking the entire 60 day supply of benzos that I had.  I don't even know if that would've done the trick but on several occasions I thought I was poised to try it...Thank you for sharing.  Seeing your progress from the depths as well as your wisdom -- it makes me feel like this process is not only doable but also the best decision I've ever made.
Thank you for your excellent story.  You certainly spoke to this person who is trying not to drink today. 
As someone who casually reads this sub because it makes me feel good about considering getting sober I am wrecked with my tears. Your story is horrific and beautiful. I constantly dream of death and getting loaded. Your story has upset the demon (the GoatFox) inside of me that knows there are beers in my bag. Im not sure where I'm going with this. I fear that today I will fail and the GoatFox will carry me further away but I will remember this story and maybe someday if/when there is a gun in my mouth literally or figuratively I'll choose not to pull the trigger. Congrats to you brother..I needed this even if it takes me lower than I already am in search for the bottom that will give me the footing to stand again...
Great post. Thanks - this helped me today. 
Hey I had an amazing day :)
Thanks for sharing  your story dexreddit. 
Thank you very much for this post.
Thank you.
