-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20k87a/5_freaking_days/

I just want to say thanks to everyone here at r/stopdrinking. I've come here everyone of those 5 days. It's been a constant source of inspiration and motivation. Physically I'm feeling great. It feels like my body is already starting to make a comeback. Mentally I'm still struggling a little but it's getting better. I went to my first AA meeting. I had always said that it wasn't for me for the usual reasons but this time I told myself to shut the fuck up and give it a chance. I still don't know if it's the path I want to take but I met some really kind and compassionate people so I'll be going back. On a random side note I rediscovered the fact that root beer floats are awesome as well as cream soda and orange floats. My Dad used to make them for me as a kid I've been making them with my sons the last three nights. I would of never done that drunk. I now I got a long way to go but for once I'm looking forward to it.
----------immediate responses--------

This is excellent news! Stay strong and you won't have to live another 5 days like the last. The benefits of sobriety for people like us are legion.
Good for you /u/bizzarotony!  Hooray on the 5 days.  Oh and I'd be remiss if I didn't encourage you to give AA a real chance it might turn out to be your real path.  We'll see.  
Good work friend. Glad you're taking the positives when you can. It can be hard to stay optimistic but it's worth it to do so. If you continue to stay open-minded and keep your eyes on the prize I think you'll be happy to see that it keeps paying off.
Great to hear well done! It just gets better and better
Congratulations on 5 days and root beer floats!  It sounds like you are off to a great start.  Expect craving and temptations it happens.  It all comes down to what you do about them.  It takes a strong collection of recover tools for many of us.  That's why I would encourage taking AA for what it is worth.  Is it helping?  Then keep going.  I've heard a few times you should try 6 meetings before you rule it out.
You're doing it! Good job. :D
Congrats! It feels great doesn't it. Im on day six myself. .
Congrats...Like the orange soda please treat yourself to some good things.  Not only are you saving money but you can actually appreciate seemingly minor things like a good snack or whatever.
The first 5 days for me were longer than the following month for me...You have made the first step and have done it perfectly...If your first 5 days were like mine they will have been an adrenaline filled white blur which were not entirely uncomfortable due to everything being so new and bright...From here I will tell you things will start getting hard.  You need to dig in hard and power through.  You have done the initial sprint and are now about to start the extreme endurance event...We are here for you and are indeed pushing through our own battles.  If you stay with us and the only way to do that is to stay clean you will have our full support and we hope we will have yours too...Keep going.
Congrats on your five days!  Like you I met some very nice people at AA.  One wise young man told me after about a month "Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.  If you don't believe the dogma it's okay."  That was very helpful for me.
