-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20mbfb/day_7_after_i_get_through_today_it_will_be_a_week/

Let me start off by saying thank you to everyone on this board for your support...I am not so hot.  I don't want to drink I just want my old life back minus the alcohol.  My ex and I are giving each other space but keeping open the possibility of reuniting in the future.  I can't imagine that will not happen but every day without her hurts...On the worse side of things I have been very sick.  In the spirit of sharing everything my stomach has not been right.  At first I chalked it up to my digestive track healing from all the booze but after a week I am concerned it may be more serious.  Hopefully it is just IBS as I have been very very stressed lately.  My chest has also been incredibly tight like I cannot breathe which I attributed to stress.  Going to see the doctor today.  Has anyone else had problems like this when they quit cold turkey?..I'm doing my best to stay strong and going to my 3rd f2f today.  A week is a milestone.  I have had two drunk dreams so far which is weird - I never expected to have them.  I partly think I'm having them because I've heard other people talk about them.  In one I went to get high and threw out the drugs beforehand.  If I could do that in a dream that's pretty cool.  I'm also waking up in cold sweats which at first I chalked up to withdrawal but now I am worried it may be related to my stomach situation.  Nights are the worst...One of the hardest things is confronting the fact that this is my life from now on.  I have in the back of my mind that I will stay sober for a while but if someone at a party has some weed I'll take a hit.  Or if I'm on vacation I'll have some drinks.  This is not the way to think about it and I need to push that logic out of my head.  There is no such thing as moderation for me and I cannot put sobriety on hold if I ever get a chance to do another vacation.  I need to focus on here and now and not worry about relapsing in the future.  ..Speaking of futures mine is still very hazy and scary.  I look at HALT and I am all of the above.  Hungry because I am sick.  Angry because of my past and how I let it get this way.  Lonely because my girlfriend left and I never thought I would have to tackle sobriety on my own (please don't say that I'm not alone because I have support.  Support =/= a loving relationship).  and finally Tired because I keep waking up in cold sweats and unable to fall back asleep...All I can do is stay strong and keep moving forward.  After the week milestone I am beginning to refocus my life back towards my career and my work.  My first priority is to stay sober but I don't want that to define me as a person.  It's time to take my sobriety get out there and start doing some good...
----------immediate responses--------

You are still very much your addict self. Put more time between yourself and your habit and you will begin to identify differently. Once you have faith in yourself as a person in recovery you should find peace. I did. You're doing some very right things. It won't be long now if you continue on this path.
Congratulations on a week!..&gt;I don't want to drink I just want my old life back minus the alcohol...Things are likely not so simple. Alcohol gave you other things. Removing it will not fix things in an instantaneous. Without alcohol I am a different person. And I don't just mean I'm not an obnoxious drunk. I mean my life is scheduled differently. My health is different. My personality day-to-day is different. It does more than give hangovers and cause shenanigans. It infiltrates your lifestyle in ways I didn't initially realise...My old life is gone. I wouldn't want it back. What I have now is different and superior..
On the health side a week is not a good place to assess where you're at and where you will end up.  It took me 2-3 months before I felt optimally well and I'm talking about when I first got sober in 1986 at age 31.  It takes time.  But it is so worth it.   
[deleted]
High-five!.
