-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20t03z/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: My relationship continues to grow and I'm loving every second of it.  Working is good my family's health concerns are pretty much gone.  Life is great right now :)..Struggle: Busier these days but that's not so bad...General chat: Ugh more snow today...AGAIN!..Have a great 24 hours folks!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your progress. Good to hear
Glad to hear things are going so well for you NMBP!..Triumph: Wow.  I took the Level 2 (Orange Belt) test for Krav Maga on Saturday.  It was a 5 1/2 hour test.  I passed!  It's pretty unbelievable to me that in less than a year I went from starting to take Krav Maga classes to being a Level 3 student.  It feels really good.  And none of this would be possible without quitting drinking.  My life is better in every way.  I don't even remember what it's like to not be happy all of the time...Struggle: None...General chat: I want this weather to stabilize soon.  There's a bunch of white stuff on the tennis courts around here and it's cramping my style!
[deleted]
Triumph: Energy levels better have a new hobby survived St Patrick's Day...Struggle: New hobby is extremely boring.  Basically I'm ripping my massive CD collection to MP3's so I can store them "in the cloud" and use a hard drive in the car instead of CD's.  Eventually I'll sell them more to free up space than make money.  Unfortuately it turns out that ripping CDs is really really boring :D ..General chat: I've accidently grown a beard.  Doesn't suit me..
Triumph: nothing really. haven't drank?..Struggle: Been feeling even lower than usual lately. Very lonely and hopeless. My computer that I use to make my art just broke and I have an important (to me) solo show coming up that I have no work for yet - I have no idea what I am going to do...General chat: My uncle - who I've never gotten along with - weirdly showed up to my family birthday dinner this past weekend at a quiet restaurant and he was wasted. He was loud and inappropriate and the whole affair was humiliating. Glares from every table. Weirdly I wanted to just say fuck it and order a drink in order to "deal with it." So backwards. Crazy how that counter-intuitive drunk thinking just doesn't die.
Triumph: Gone 5 days put paid 800.00 off of my credit card. ..Struggle: every day between 2:00pm - 7:00pm (when I get home) all I do is think about drinking and how I'm never going to be able to actually quit so I might as well just continue now. ..General Chat: My parents whom I live with come back from Vacation on Saturday and I don't know id i'll be able to deal with that. 
Triumph: jeans were all dirty on a whim put on jeans I haven't worn in a couple years. They fit again! :D..Struggle: I don't know what I am going to be/do when I grow up (again)...General Chat: It's mid March and should be 80 degrees already but it's only mid 50s. /ducking from thrown tomatoes
Triumph: Just signed up for my CrossFit foundations course. No longer the worst person in the Bikram yoga studio. Finally got my skydiving gear maintenance started. Jump-ready in 4 weeks *sigh*. 2 weeks sober and 4 days without a smoke. Got almost 30000 FitBit steps in one day. Oh yeah...Struggle: Social life is in the dumpster. I basically only leave the house for work exercise or forcing myself to do some hobby. Dolores Park in SF is PACKED with people day drinking all day every day. Very tempting to reward my good behavior and show off my renewed energy / good looks get loaded and pick up some random girl...General: Listening to Hell's Angels audiobook by Hunter S. Thompson. It's great. Really makes me want to have a beer though :/. 
Triumph: over two months alcohol free reading a lot and getting good exercise.Struggles: not feeling very motivated getting dried up in my routine.General chat: what's up with this missing plane
Triumph: I had an excellent day at work. Not only was it a half day but I (think that) I did some really nice work with my students and made progress with certain issues. I also brought up working the summer program with my boss and she seemed into it! Came home and shared a lunch and a tub with my niece so cute and so much fun!..Struggle: I've been ignoring my own advice and not going to sleep when I start to feel tired. I need my 8 hours :(.I also need to get my ass in gear and take action to achieve some of my goals (i.e. call a counselor go to AA somehow pay off student loans but save money at the same time do my taxes pay off my credit card bills). Some of these things are so simple (i.e. pay a $30 credit card bill online) but the act of doing something responsible has been feeling very overwhelming to me. Ahhh need to get shit done..General chat: Tomorrow is the first day of Spring!
Triumph: I realized that I was afraid of/intimidated by the work it will take to move in with my SO so I was avoiding it all together. Finally got my act together to make a work process diagram write down all the steps I need to take in order to move and started checking them off...Struggle: My job is really boring. I'm grateful to have it and I'm good at it but it drives me crazy how dull I find it. ..General chat: Went for my longest run in a while yesterday (6 miles). My right hip flexors decided to take today off as a result so I've been moving pretty slow.
Triumph: Cooked myself a breakfast this morning even did some dishes and still made it to work on time. Also got some really positive feedback from someone on my team that I don't always get along with...Struggle: Have some difficult conversations to have at work and I've been kind of avoiding them..General Chat: Our mayor is probably getting arrested soon (I'm from Toronto)..
