-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20t1mw/stopped_drinking_16_years_ago_today/

I was 28 when I attended my first AA meeting.  I had lost a job the day before because of drinking.  By that time I had wrecked cars and been to jail and been to hospitals.  I was still young so the toll on my body wasn't as bad as it could have been.  My father had committed suicide a couple of years earlier (drunk) and I'd seen practically every male on both sides of my family suffer the effects of alcohol addiction and I didn't want to be that...I had tried to stop on my own and sometimes I'd get 6 months or so but I'd always figure out a way to convince myself that I could control it.  I couldn't...I made 60 meetings in 30 days and I worked the program very hard for 6 months.  Then something just changed in me...my compulsion to drink went away.  It ceased to be hard.  I had changed everything about my life including my friends because I was weak in the knees kind of sober but I felt cocky and strong and it's sort of a miracle I never relapsed...Notice I didn't say 16 years sober.  I want to be honest and mention that after about ten years of complete abstinence I started smoking marijuana for a reason unrelated to wanting to get fucked up but then I actually appreciated some other benefits of it so I have continued to smoke at night for years.  Weed never made me lose my inhibitions; it never made me late for a job or think I should get in a car and drive fast after smoking.  I did not use it to quit drinking and I do personally believe that total abstinence from all mind altering substances was vital for me for the first few years but I don't want to be a hypocrite about it...I stopped drinking.  I feel like I owe my spiritual life and whatever sobriety I've had to AA but I hadn't attended a meeting in 14 years until recently...my daughter picked up her 2nd DWI in ten months and I started going to AA meetings and Alanon meetings to try to remember the misery I'd been through in an effort to relate to her struggle.  I'd forgotten more about sobriety than I care to admit.  I worry about her pretty much hourly and I want to help her in the right ways - not by funneling money into her addiction.  I have to be grateful for something every day and these days my gratitude is that I am clear and capable of providing support to those in my circle who need it.  I'm the grownup...If I'm really super brutally honest there are now 2 things that seem to keep me from drinking although I don't think about it often.  First the amount of time I've abstained itself is a streak I don't want to fuck up; and secondly fear.  Fear of fucking up and setting a bad example for my kids and losing whatever meager life I've cobbled together post-drinking...I'm posting this for the newly sober.  I think cutting alcohol out of your life is like a death in that it gets easier over time.  I don't want or need pats on the back as much as I need to share what it feels like 16 years later.  My life isn't perfect but it's been a long time since I've woken up in a sweaty panic or with crippling remorse/regret; my life is not only better than it WOULD have been if I'd continued drinking it's better than it was in my 20's...by far...Anyway for those of you struggling I just wanted to say that I couldn't quit...I couldn't.  I really wanted to and I couldn't...and then I did with the help of others.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 16 years!  That's really amazing.  Keep it up!
fucking beautiful post that nails my reasons for quitting on the head..&lt;3 you
Wow you are living proof!
&gt; Anyway for those of you struggling I just wanted to say that I couldn't quit...I couldn't. I really wanted to and I couldn't...and then I did with the help of others...this bears repeating.
[deleted]
You're an inspiration- congrats! 
Great post thank you.  My kids are young but I worry about them and addiction in the future.
Amazing words.  Thank you for sharing.  I hope your daughter gets better.
16 years of resisting alcohol is an achievement that I equate with climbing Mt. Everest in sandals.  So so amazing -- thanks for sharing.  
Thanks for this. I am on day 1...again. Also I am 28 and unemployed. Trying to get my life together
Thank you for this. I can't wait for it to get easier.
Fair play to you I hope your daughter follows in your footsteps.  Good luck
gonna re-read this in a bit but at first glance:.&gt;Weed never made me lose my inhibitions; it never made me late for a job or think I should get in a car and drive fast after smoking. ..one of the hardest parts for me. it has never made me yell and scream and throw things and act like a scary shell of who i really am. 
congrats!!
Great job I hope to reach 16 years in 15 years from now. Im like you im over 600 days free from alcohol. Not sober. weed cigarettes and a few binges on sleeping pills using them clearly for the depressant euphoric effect. I quickly realized its pretty damn close to alcohol and it was hard not to take them every night. I still took them till all gone but I Wont be accepting them from a doc again. Its actually satisfying knowing how much better my life got and I can STILL improve. Quit weed for two months by choice expirmenting with quitting cigarettes creating small streaks. I think ill keep my coffee though...My dad is an alcoholic and still drinking hes being very conflictive lately. Talking about he doesnt want to drink but his consumtion is high and his friends are all heavy drinkers
good for you..if you want to be a good example try be clean and sober and see how it goes.  You may find that life gets exponentially better and it would probably be good for your kid as an example of modeling the behavior you'd like her to check out.  Good luck. I'm a junkie and use the program to stay clean and sober and I feel better than ever and can look the world in the eye.
Congratulations on the your 16 years!! I recently came back to the rooms after 10 years dry I have 15 years and change without a drink. I left the program about 5 years in with the thinking the obssession for drinking had ended and I could tak over on self will..year 7 I had a nervous breakdwon my anxiety is worse than ever but I still never picked up a drink I do take an anti deppresant Pristiq and have been taking 1 mg of Klonopin to quell the anxiety. This was brought on by a few factors the #1 was my stepsons drug use (Meth. Weed) he went in treatment and when he came out I decided to take him to NA and AA meeting he goes about 3 times a week hen has relapsed on Booze but not his drug of choice gratefully. However while in the rooms I figured out that AA was also there to help cope wiyth life while SOBER. I have attended at least 60 meetings in the past 2 months and I finally working the steps I have a Higher power we shall see..thanks for your post helped a lot and Congrats on 16 years!!
Congrats you are an inspiration!  :)
Thank you for sharing. Stories like that give me hope.
How'd you do it.
Thank you for your post. I really identify with what you said about 'being on a streak'. I myself am in a similar situation and your words inspired me. Thank you.
Yeah it is exactly like dying. You die the day you quit and have to fight back to life over time.  It is a slow suicide.
