-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20z15n/does_anyone_struggle_to_find_deliberately/

Ok let me differentiate between how I'm [28M single] defining focused and unfocused outlets for pent up energy:..Focused:..* Working out yoga running etc..* Playing an instrument writing cooking a hobby.* Home repairs decoration work  .* High intensity sports (for me: surfing skiing skydiving).* Meeting friends for dinner AA meditation..Unfocused:..* Dancing uncontrollably to great music.* Really good sex.* Wild night(s) / day(s) of partying drinking drugs sex..A focused outlet may be objectively "productive" requires thought planning preparation consequences known and understood maybe goal oriented...An unfocused outlet is a complete release a whirlwind of pleasure and calculated risk free of planning excitement for the unexpected carnal and primitive...I'm realizing that if I don't find a sober outlet for this second type of energy I'm going to pop. And by pop I mean go batshit crazy or get loaded and release it that way. I'm only single b/c I ruined a relationship by not finding healthy outlets so I don't think running out and fucking a stranger is a good idea right now. There is a sober thing here in CA called "Ecstatic Dance". Maybe I'll try that...Anyone else have these needs / thoughts / feedback?.
----------immediate responses--------

I think the ecstatic dancing is a good idea.  Look for intense spiritual experiences.  Have you thought of playing music?  ..Also - this is just my opinion - but if you need to find a fuckbuddy do it.  Sex is great.  
Personally I don't see running as 'focused'...The Japanese author Murakami Haruki wrote a great book called *What I Talk About When I Talk About Running*. He says how running marathons (and even ultramarathons) he enters a void - where his brain stops thinking. I take a similar approach. If I just want to become unfocused to shut down my brain running achieves this...I do know what you mean though. I found myself in that situation the other day. Often it may be the result of a lack of socialising. I assume like me many people in achieving sobriety shut down their social life. Kick-starting it again can be hard. I found taking responsibility for activities (i.e. organising events with friends in which I dictate the terms) was important. Coffee readings by authors at book stores the opera plays Chinese restaurants (these are great as tea usually is drunk instead of booze) etc. are all great options. Again these aren't necessarily 'focused' activities. When I listen to the opera I weep like a baby uncontrollably (this is a fascinating notion - in fact certain scholars have written about how playing Wagner was almost drug-like to Nazis... but I'm getting off-topic now). When I have a night chatting with friends I'm not achieving something... there are more natural ways to cut lose...I think this is more about a state of mind. The other night I went to a bar with friends (don't do this if you're tempted) and drunk only cranberry juice. But I had intense conversations shouting above the music - I was determined to kick my energy up. I had as fun a night as if I was drunk. It is possible but it does require more effort and forethought...Best of luck and congrats on over 2 weeks sobriety!
Why is good sex unfocused? It involves another person planning mutual consent etc. it occupies your entire evening as the best sex happens when planning is involved and time spent with the partner in love. 
Dancing is great for this! I'd definitely give the ecstatic dance thing a try. I find doing anything creative can work. Music art writing etc. But instead of say planning and designing a painting just pick out some colors that speak to you and start painting without an end result in mind. You might end up with something really chaotic and abstract but what matters is the process not the result. Just being in the moment letting spontaneity and chaos flow through you but in a creative and healthy way feels amazing and might scratch that itch...What also might work is any sort of play that's more exploratory and has no real objective. Think of games that maybe you played as a child. Exploring woods cities or abandoned buildings not knowing what's around the next corner and getting excited about the possibilities. Shit simply playing in a sandbox digging your hands in the earth that's a pretty primal feeling.
