-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20zatg/43_days_and_preparing_for_the_next_challenge_in/

For a month and a half I've been focusing on the task of not drinking and improving my mental and physical well being to the exclusion of just about everything else. Its been a struggle but a deeply rewarding one-- I'm the best I've been in years...Alas the world goes on and its time for me to approach another problem in my life; one that's at the core of a lot of my anxiety issues. ..I need to get a job...Here's where I'm looking for advice. I have a pretty substantial gap in my employment history that I spent depressed and of course very drunk. How on earth do I explain that in an interview? Also I isolated myself withdrew from positive relationships I did have and stopped building new ones with people who might be references and I don't have a clue who to turn to...Any thoughts welcome thanks guys!
----------immediate responses--------

You don't indicate your field education age or experience so it's a little hard to offer more than generalities.  But I know LOTS of professionals and workers of all stripes who have networked into new jobs and even career changes through recovery.  People who go to AA meetings and who see consistent daily sobriety in others often tap that pool of potential employees.  
Starting at the bottom is one way. No shame in labor. 
I heard a speaker say "there is no better employee than one in recovery" and it really is the truth.  The "gap" will probably only be a short part of the interview and you can say that you spent that time improving your mental and physical well being without saying you're an alcoholic.  
Definitely use whatever network you have. We don't know what your field is but if you are a referral the gap won't matter as much because somebody if vouching for you. 
I Just add this perspective as a confidence builder.  I hire people.  One of the most effective answers to interview questions is some form of: "I had a goal I made a plan to achieve it and I succeeded with these results"  You have done all of this!  ..The goal was to stop drinking.  The plan was to take it one day at a time rely on support groups. You are sober so you have a tremendous achievement.  And the results are your improved outlook health and problem solving.  And now you are building on that success to get a job...I don't mean that this is the exact answer to an interview question but you should be proud of what you have done and have confidence that you will perform brilliantly in the position you seek.. .Lastly for the employment gap "Dealing with the health of a family member" is also a reasonable explanation and it is true in your case.
