-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2118jt/double_digits_today/

Today I reached 10 days without a sip of alcohol. By far the longest I've gone without in over half a decade. I'm feeling great and going strong. Sure the first days were rough to put it mildly. I was an emotional wreck couldn't sleep and spent most waking hours fighting off cravings. That's no way to live. I was so uncomfortable that it strengthened my resolve not to touch alcohol so I wouldn't ever have to go through this again.  ..Now on day 10 I feel like a new person. Happy productive constantly smiling. I'm doing so much better at work (I used to drink everyday during my 9-5 job and often in the mornings before work). My friendships are all improving. My self esteem is back. Life is just all around better...It all started here. Reading others testimonials and struggles. Writing posts when I was feeling weak and getting motivation from all the positive comments you wonderful people would write back. This community has changed my life. I know it's still pretty early on in my recovery but I having a growing resentment of alcohol and the years of my life it stole. Thank you to everyone here and in the chat room. Someone was always available to offer some advice and support...Hope everyone has a happy and healthy weekend ahead. Thank you for helping me get my life back. For that I will be forever grateful.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats.  Stick with it for as long as you remain alive.
Here's to the next 10!
Happy weekend back atcha! I agree that this place and the people in it are amazing.  The compassion respect and honesty found here is a rare and glorious thing to witness. ..I'm happy to see that sobriety is showing positive results in your life and moreover that you have clear sober eyes to see it and find gratitude for it. Keep it up! :-)
I'll take another sir!
Congrats.  Keep going and don't stop.
A positive attitude is your biggest asset.  Congrats on 10 days.  Keep it going.
Congratulations!  Stick with it Amiga I'm rooting for you and right by your side :)
Hope your weekend is happy/healthy as well! Grats to you.
Congrats...For me 10 days was when the immediate reasons for quitting (fear holy shit my life is fucked) died down and I needed to find more positive reasons for staying sober. It was the time when I started to become complacent about things and needed to reassess my resolve in a big way...In ways I liked that I became complacent - it meant I felt better I felt stronger I felt good about myself. I just needed to have those feelings without alcohol...If you're anything like me you will probably have a few big tests/temptations coming up. Be aware of them but think about how you'll deal with them - don't hesitate to post here again if you need to...Congrats and good luck!
