-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2129cb/lurking_a_couple_weeks_time_to_post/

I've been lurking here a few weeks and decided it was time to post! My issues with alcohol have really started to bother me. When I was early twenties I was fine with getting shit faced every weekend and going out and partying. But as people got over with it I just wasn't able to. It's definitely a matter of availability I rarely want to drink through the week because of work but come Friday it's always a struggle. ..2 weekends ago I blacked out and lost my shoes  with a big bruise and bloody elbows which I can only assume is from falling over wking home. But who can be sure. That's not the behaviour of an adult. I haven't drank since that night and last weekend I sat at a pub and watched all my friends drink. Which sucked but was proud that I did it. ..One thing that is helping me is I'm coming to terms with the fact I can't drink like a normal person. My mates would have a couple beers and go hme but I would be going till late Sunday night and calling in sick to work  and just lying in bed with crippling anxiety Monday morning. ..Ah but right now I feel like a beer. And I have noticed it's changed in my head from "I'm just not a person who drinks anymore" too "maybe on special occasions" and I know that's kinda tucked up. ..I'm going on Holliday for a few weeks with my gf soon and I usually spend those  drunkI the whole time. I really want to prove to myself I can just spend the whole thing sober. She's booked some beer tasting thing and I'm already justifying it in my head now saying it'd be rude not to do it. ..It's kinda fucked up  but I'm happy that I had the first sober weekend last weekend for the first time in years! And after I'm through tonight it will be 2 weeks strong! 
----------immediate responses--------

Do you think you can sip beers and not give in to the temptation?..If not then you'll have to talk with her about it. Some people can moderate and don't get triggered from having a drink or two. I was not able to. One drink means two means I want to get drunk means fuck it. So I had to hang up the drink too...I wish you the best of luck and much love. And it's not kinda fucked up to have a sober weekend. It's a different way of living and for me it took hard work. It was about my integrity as a man and what type of person I wanted to be...I'd love to see you continue to post to see how this sobriety thing is going. If you have trouble and give in to the temptation despite your desire to stay sober and end up getting blacked out again that would be a warning sign of things to come. That's just my opinion from my own experience though. Take care.
For me after the first week or so was when the immediate reasons for quitting (fear holy shit my life is fucked) died down and I needed to find more positive reasons for staying sober. It was the time when I started to become complacent about things and needed to reassess my resolve in a big way...In ways I liked that I became complacent - it meant I felt better I felt stronger I felt good about myself. I just needed to have those feelings without alcohol...Nowadays I'm resolute in my sobriety. I tell people I 'don't drink these days'. I have achieved so much more in this time I'm so much fitter and damn sexy (a fitting comment for my day 69 :P) I feel like I'm really taking charge of my life. I've also found I need to work at recreating the fun I used to have while drinking but without booze...Congrats on your 2 weeks sobriety and good luck!
I'm like you. If I take a drink there's no knowing how it will end. I might get buzzed and end up at home all safe and normal or i might get ripped get into an ugly argument and trash the next day entirely. The only way to impose control in my life is not to drink at all. It's worked out very well. Welcome to recovery.
Pardon my late addition to the thread welcome to /r/stopdrinking and thanks for the stark reminder of one more thing I don't miss about drinking and being sh#t-faced: inexplicable and unremembered physical injuries.  
Kudos for two weeks. If you are interested in flair step to the sidebar and get a badge. -------------&gt;
Thanks for the comments :) I really think just by hanging around here a bit is what has made me have the first 2 sober weekends in my life in a very long time 
