-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/215ur7/90_days/

Wow. Never thought I would get this far. Yesterday I struggled harder than I have before. After a disappointment that left me crushed I attended two AA meetings and *still* didn't feel any better. So what did I do? I sat outside with multiple cigarettes and with my journal and wrote my heart out. Then I went to bed. I *did not* get that bottle of Tanqueray I was thinking about. I *did not* stop on the way home and get the bottle of wine that I had been thinking about. I *did not* stop for a drink at the bar on the way home. I went home sat outside with my journal and smoked cigarettes. ..Did I feel instantly better? No honestly some of that disappointment is still hanging on today. But did I drink? No. And that is something completely foreign to me. Yesterday I looked my disease in the eye and said "I can handle this a different way". ..And so I did. I deserve that chip. I deserve my sobriety and all the good things that come with it. .
----------immediate responses--------

Great stuff about your day and struggles yesterday!  Thanks for sharing...May I ask.....so how did you feel this morning when you woke up and you realized you did no give in?
Congratulations on 90 days and thank you for sharing this inspirational story.  We can improve relationships we can up the odds of success in our daily lives but disappointments must be expected and grappling with those emotions in a healthy way is essential.  ..In your case you've just got to write it out of your system.  Pretty excited about my upcoming 90 day mark.  Can we celebrate reaching 4 months like we have month 1-3?  Does it go  30 60 90 180 365?
Good for you on the 90 days!  Many happy significant days to come!
"Yesterday I looKed my disease in the eye and said "I can handle this a different way."..Wow that's healthy growth.  I'm sorry you're going through a crap time right now but I'm proud of you for developing the tools needed to build solid sobriety.  Writing in my journal has been one of my best tools so far.  Congrats on the 90.  TaKe care.  Keep it up and may your crap time pass soon.
90 is huge!  Congrats on staring down the mental obsession.  It will always blink first if you remember its ok to feel bad sometimes.  Waking up without a hangover is always a gift.
