-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/218grh/aa_pseudoscience/

I've seen many pieces lately calling the A.A. program pseudoscience. They say only one out of about fifteen people who attend A.A. stay sober. I know many people that claim A.A. saved their life. As for me personally I know without a doubt the only two times I have relapsed were times I quit going to my meetings because I didn't need them anymore. I can't help of think of an analogy such as only about one out of fifteen people who begin an exercising regiment continue with it for the rest of their life therefore the benefits of exercise are pseudoscience. All I know is that I am confident that A.A. has kept me sober. If that is pseudoscience or some kind of social hypnosis I will take that every time.
----------immediate responses--------

Dear /u/taichi27 this subject is being beaten to death in --&gt; [this thread.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2178pt/the_pseudoscience_of_alcoholics_anonymous_theres/)
Stopping drinking and getting sober saved my life.  AA helped immensely.
Not a scientist but .....My data proves AA works for me.   ..Didn't in the beginning so I re ran the study with different parameters turns out I needed to stop having all the answers and to learn to listen.       .Hard to quantify that..
Please do a search of this topic. It has been over-thought and over-done. 
What I Learned in AA..Don't put my ego ahead of my sobriety..I need a constant reminder to pull the reins on my self will and self importance. If I let them get the bit between their teeth they will run me into the ditch of my addiction. I didn't learn that anywhere else.
I've always said that if you have 100 people that want to live sober in a room you'll find 100 different ways of doing it. There is no one-size-fits-all magic potion. For example I keep non-alcoholic beer around and if I ever feel like drinking I have a couple of those and they act like a placebo. I know others that simply *can't* have even non-alcoholic beer because as soon as they do it just amplifies their craving. At the end of the day neither of us drink we just have different ways of doing it and what works for me doesn't work for him...There are people out there that insist that AA is the only way to go and others that insist that AA just doesn't work. To me they're both wrong the "right" way to live sober is the way that works for you.
glad it worked for you let's not pretend that it works for most and let's not pretend not doing AA properly is the reason it didn't work for them because that's just a way to hand-wave away them...AA is treated by courts and doctors far too many damn times as the one and only cure. That needs to change drastically.
There are people who get sober with AA and they talk about what worked for them...There are people who get sober without AA and they talk about what worked for them...There are people who don't get sober and they talk about all of the reasons AA can't won't or shouldn't work. 
Behavioral therapy works for me. No need to rant. . .I find my mental health and recovery best supported by devoting energy to what works not what doesn't work for me.
AA is a religious cult.  There really isn't much more than that to it.  It's success rate is all anecdotal and it is simply incapable of self examination or adjustment aside from throwing new propaganda at actual facts about its recovery rate.
I greatly appreciate the 12 Traditions of and am not suggesting there's anything at all wrong with them. The Third Tradition is important and necessary  but it allows anyone to declare themselves a member. ..The truth is there are two AAs. There's the large transient group of drunks who come in and out of the rooms all the time.  They announce themselves as alcoholics but the never really accept membership.  Being really in AA  I mean really  means you're not just going to meetings.  It means you've got a sponsor  you're in the book  you're doing service you're learning the traditions and concepts you're working with other alcoholics you're doing some type of daily prayer and meditation with whatever concept of higher power you choose to use AND you're going to meetings.  I don't hear about anyone doing all those things relapsing unless they stop doing those things for a while. ..But yeah  the majority of people who attend meetings and ONLY attend meetings are going to get drunk again. 
&gt;They say only one out of about fifteen people who attend A.A. stay sober..The number of people who stay sober without social support is going to be much much lower. Relapse is something that happens in addiction and without a plan and support you're not going to get far...If AA is working for you disregard this study and keep doing what is helping you.
I've decided recently to stop having this debate. I have my views on it but what it comes down to is that different things work for different people. All I care about is seeing people succeed in making their lives better. And if they find a way that works for them I support it.
