-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21gcuq/just_checking_in/

[Here is a link to my original post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1soji8/i_always_walked_the_line_but_i_never_thought_i/) for anyone interested...I've been sober for 100+ days and have reached a point where I'm sometimes unsure of which day I'm on exactly which I consider a good thing. I spend far less time thinking about what I'm *not* doing and far more time thinking about what I *am* doing...I feel much better than I have in years. I've lost 20 pounds of bloat and I don't feel drained or spend my days wishing I could just be alone on the couch. My constant back aches are gone and my stomach and I are no longer at war with each other. I still struggle with depression and a lack of motivation but things are slowly getting easier. I have returned to being a calm rational person and still frequently feel like my mind is more clear than the day before...My wife and I are in marriage counseling sorting through the wreckage that years of dishonesty will bring but things are going well and our relationship is on the mend. She has requested that I at least try support groups to see if they are for me and I'll be attending my first SMART meeting later this week. It's not a demand of any kind but she has been going to Al-Anon and it has been helpful for her plus we both think it's important that I am prepared to reach out if needed...I'm a better more attentive and more patient father which is possibly one of the best things to come out of this...Not really looking for anything in particular out of this post but thought it might be a good way to get some thoughts out and perhaps provide a realistic picture for anyone just starting out from a similar situation: this is difficult but rewarding in a way that I forgot existed. Progress can be slow in some areas but keep fighting. Your family deserves it and that includes you.
----------immediate responses--------

This post (and your original) just made my day!  Thank you for taking the time to share it.  Much appreciated.
That's true inspiration. Thanks for posting!
Congrats on your Century!
I read this post first and your first post second...Wow... just wow...The difference in tone.. it's like I felt the lightness of slowly but surely making progress in sobriety and life and then I read your first post and remembered the constant dragging/drowning feeling of heavy daily drinking. I'm gunna go back and re-read this post again...&gt;returned to being a calm rational person and still frequently feel like my mind is more clear than the day before...yup I definitely like this feeling a lot better...Congratulations on 105 days!
I remember your first post and I'm so glad to hear from you again! It's funny because I noticed that I mentioned something about how drinking was the hard part and getting sober was easy (for me) comparatively...I was just thinking about that again yesterday and posted about it probably for the first time since I wrote it in yours. ..I really do appreciate you taking the time to let us know how you're doing...that was very considerate of you. Even though you are "just" a stranger on the internet you are ME too. I kind of have a vested interest ya know. ;-) ..It sounds like you're taking steps towards real growth and you are achieving it. You have a great partner there in your wife I hope you know.  From experience sometimes there is no want to be had to heal the schism caused by all the lies and deceit so that she wants to shows a measure of her strength and her love towards you. ..Keep on your path friend.....spring has just started. :-)
