-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21gu63/counts_as_a_relapse/

Ok don't take this post the wrong way. I am not permitting myself to drink or looking for an excuse. I want to get a general opinion based on a purely hypothetical situation..Let's say I've been sober for 1year and I am visiting a friend for dinner. Now say he offers a glass of wine or a beer and I Only have one. Also when I go home I don't continue to drink and I don't have anything else after that. Would you say that I have cheated and I'd need to reset my clock? .I would think not because I have shown self control and didn't binge afterwards. If having a drink doesn't result in a loss of control then isn't that a sign of progress?.Please be nice in your comments...I'm just putting it out there.
----------immediate responses--------

On the one hand it may be a sign of progress. On the other for me it would be risky because I'm an alcoholic. One drink isn't going to return me overnight to the way I was at my worst but I would never do it. I have a profound respect for the power of alcohol to ruin my life and see no reason to drink one drink. ..One drink? What would that do? I never drank one drink. (Heck I can't eat just one cookie or one potato chip either.) It depends on your history and goals. Personally I'd consider it a relapse if it was me. But that's because I don't drink one day at a time and on that day I wouldn't be drinking. 
not a sign of progress to my thinking...When I was trying to quit I went out and deliberately had only one and went home smug - not an alcoholic yea!..Well another day came and I could have a couple right?  No.     .I had a couple and another couple and bang I was back...that one drink has already begun a campaign to get you - it got you to post here looking for validation - well not from THIS drunk...and yea I would reset and consider yourself lucky it did not get out of hand.
If it was me I'd reset my counter because I drank alcohol. Maybe your counter means something different to you I don't know.
How people use their badges here is up to them...Many alcoholics don't realize the full consequences of one drink until long afterwards. Say you have one drink and don't drink anymore at that time. But then at some point later you might start to think that you could do it again since you controlled it so well the last time. This might happen a week later a month later several months later. Obviously it's an improvement over past behavior. But for many of us it's a dangerous road that leads to more drinks with more frequency. ..If *I* had one drink I would reset *my* badge. That's my policy because it helps keep me sober. I know number of days doesn't mean a lot to everyone. But for me I don't want to see that number go from 788 to 0. That simple thought has stopped me cold from pondering "just one drink" (which would probably turn into more) on more than one occasion.
[deleted]
Whether you reset your badge or not isn't important.  What is important is the thinking that surrounds your initial decision to drink and the thinking that will follow that decision...I'm pretty sure I could have a drink today and not have things blow up in my face at least not right away.  The problem for me would be that once that seal was broken I would always be looking forward to the next drink.  I know because I've been in that exact situation before.  Even though I wasn't drinking every day I was still *thinking* about drinking every day.  It sucked.  I don't look forward to drinking now. I would like to keep it that way...And it would eventually get out of hand for me. I might control my drinking for a while months even but I would slowly start drinking more and more.  Once a single exception's been made more are sure to follow.  That's me...The problematic part of your hypo is that it sounds like you're planning your next drink which means that drinking is on your mind. If I were in your shoes I would try to get myself to a place where the idea of drinking didn't even appeal to me.  It's no fun to live your life wanting something you can't have. ..You've also got to consider what it is that you really want.  Do you really want to have just one glass of wine with dinner?  I mean honestly?  Cuz I've gotta tell ya to me that doesn't make a whole lot of sense.  Who would want just one drink?  I mean I might *tell myself* that I only want one but quite honestly I'd be lying to myself.  I don't want one I want 12.  And if I had to choose between having just one and having zero I'd rather have zero.  One drink ain't gonna get me to where I wanna be...I know people who have relapsed and have chosen to not reset their badges and some of them have gone on to stack up months or years more sobriety time after that.  I know people who have reset their badge and done the same. And I know people who have reset their badge and then started relapsing every couple weeks.  Part of their thinking they say is "Well my badge was already back to zero anyway so why not keep drinking?"  I sometimes wonder if resetting the badge in that case did more harm than good. But then again I also know people who have not reset their badge and still headed down the frequent relapse path.  ..The point of that above paragraph is this:  there are tons of opportunities for alcoholic brain style reasoning here. Lots of slippery slopes and ways to justify doing just about anything you want to do.  And I'm telling you that it's all a waste of time.  Reset your badge don't reset your badge whatever. The badge in your hypo isn't important. It's a red herring. The real issue is: Is this something you're planning?  Something you're looking forward to?  Are you being honest with yourself?  Wouldn't you like to stop thinking that way?  Do you really want to spend the rest of your life making this decision again &amp; again?  ..
I'd reset mine if it were me. A beer is a beer. Whether you're okay with resetting it or not is up to you. ..As others have stated and I've heard in my treatment so far 'just one' does not last. It'll eventually become something more with an increasing likelihood of ugliness.
Yeah I'd count it as a relapse. 
Well I don't have a badge. Which is an entirely different topic.. .And I don't think I'd know if it were a relapse for a while. . .If I reasoned the following week that three drinks certainly couldn't hurt me seeing as I'd aced one drink just recently. . . I'd be following a familiar-but not always immediate- progression. The thing is that progression *is* familiar so I'd prefer not to test it.. .
