-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21hnd9/id_just_like_to_share_my_story_thought_and/

I grew up with an absent alcoholic father. My home community is a small town in Canada's north with a population of about 8000. Alcoholism is rampant in that area. I managed to stay away from that until about 18 years of age. Most of my peers started drinking at 13 or 14 years of age. At first it was just for fun. No major drinking until my first summer home from university. I was 19 and legally able to go out and drink. That summer was filled with going out every weekend sometimes during the week as well even though I worked a full time job. I was invited to after-parties every night and I never wanted the party to stop. I hung out with shady people who threw crazy parties. I blacked out almost every weekend waking up in strange places and trying to recall anything embarrassing I did that night. One sunday morning I woke up in the hospital. I had overdosed on painkillers. I didn't remember anything. I didn't remember ever feeling suicidal while drinking. One of my friends told me that a man had tried to rape me that night. After fighting him off I locked myself in a random bedroom and found the pills. That was the beginning of a series of suicide attempts while blackout drunk. The summer ended with me being fished out of the Arctic Ocean and being revived. I was sent to a mental hospital in southern canada. I stayed there involuntarily while they tried to figure out what was the matter with me. It was determined that I was depressed and just tried to off myself whenever I was blackout drunk. I was released and didn't touch alcohol again for two years. That is until my younger brother committed suicide. It was horrible. It still hurts. I didn't do anything at all for a month but sleep. I drank one night with a guy I went to high school with. I drank until I was a little tipsy but nothing like I used to. I walked home and woke up in my own bed not in someone else's like I used to after a night of drinking. I was very surprised at myself. This happened again a few times. I never went overboard with drinking again and had no thoughts of self harm. .I struggle with the term 'alcoholic'. I don't want to think of myself as an alcoholic. I know I've abused alcohol in the past but today I can go out with friends and have a few drinks. And stop. No urge to get wasted. I know I have to be really careful. Am I just pushing my luck by drinking  socially occasionally?  
----------immediate responses--------

