-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21ki3x/those_of_you_with_panicanxiety_regardless_of/

A big barrier for me getting sober is the intense panic and anxiety I have (not to mention PTSD after Iraq in '05).  I desperately want to stop but meds have not been helping to control the anxiety.  It's incredibly frustrating.  I was dealing with these issues before alcohol became a problem and I'll deal with them long after it's gone I'm sure.  ..I'm currently trying to limit my intake from 10-12 beers a day down to zero but can't seem to get past the 6-8 mark due to all the anxiety I start to feel.  I'm in pretty close contact with doctors regarding these things and have tried many meds.  They're unwilling to give me benzos and I can't really seem to find anything else that works.  Feeling pretty hopeless but also determined to get my shit together. ..edit;  current plan is to do an inpatient detox after this weeks move but I know when I get out the anxiety/panic and alcohol will be there waiting.  ..edit;  Fell asleep last night.  Thank you for all of your responses and advice.  I will most certainly be putting them to good use. .. I've already lost my job and can barely leave the house.  Just really struggling and my doctors don't seem to have much for answers save for throwing every variation of antidepressants at my that they can think of. 
----------immediate responses--------

Man O man... I know all about anxiety hangovers friend... you are not alone. Fortunately in my case the worst of my anxiety would subside a few days of being dry...I can tell you that taking daily vitamins niacin and a probiotics have been a positive. I know this may sound like an escape and it it but it helps but I would take sleep aids and put head phones on and listen to really calm music and just really lose myself in meditation and sleep. Music like solo piano and binaural beats etc.....Also try and get into yoga or at least light stretching anything to work through anxiety. ..
Hey thanks for posting.  ..Sounds like you're going through a lot right now...Your current plan to go to intreatment next week is so smart.  You'll be able to detox in a safe environment and more comfortably than at home. ..Tapering at home works for some people and is quite unsafe for others. Please be careful and go to the emergency room immediately if you start having [dt's](http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/alcohol-abuse/alcohol-withdrawal-symptoms-treatments) it's a medical emergency and can be fatal.  ....I had a bad anxiety disorder for years and was nervous about quitting because I just couldn't imagine facing life without something to calm my nerves (meds only did so much and I preferred to drink until I passed out so that I could 'sleep'). ..Quitting drinking reduced my anxiety a lot. Then once I started going to meetings got a sponsor and doing step work my anxiety order seemingly disappeared.  In all honesty I haven't noticed a symptom in a long time.  ..In no way am I promising that if you quit drinking your anxiety will magically go away.  Many people do notice that by quitting alcohol and and working the steps that their anxiety is greatly reduced. ...Alcohol makes anxiety so much worse.  ...Please keep us updated.  ... . ....
[deleted]
I have been anxious all my life. Never treated it.  Not drinking makes it much more managable.  If it becomes a serious quality of life issue I would look at it. Until I put the drink down I could't deal with any other issues.  Stay sober and you will look back at this and see that it was not a real big deal.
There are therapies that have a good track record with PTSD. The VA may not offer them in their curriculum yet. Maybe you can get a referral from the staff at your detox. A stint in residential rehab might be beneficial too. There is all kinds of professional help available you are not alone. The first step feels lonely but that's not the reality. You are joining a very large group of people in recovery. Lot's of support lot's of similar experience. Welcome. 
I started running and that helped my anxiety A LOT. I *hated* running before and now I can't imagine my life without it. Maybe it's not for you but it might be worth a try. I used the [Couch to 5k](http://www.coolrunning.com/engine/2/2_3/) plan. ....I hope this helps and that things get better! You can do it just give it time. ...Best wishes!..(I started running the first time I got sober over a year ago and just decided to get sober again for health reasons. Either way running has helped me immensely.)
Music is a big outlet for me. I'm a big fan of metal and punk but that shit can be so negative so good alt/outlaw country is my new go to and singer songwriter stuff as well. Dustin Kensrue Hank 3 Turnpike Troubadors Nick 13 Rose's Pawn Shop Johnny Cash and of course Social Distortion/Mike Ness are all great great stuff. Instead of being politically fueled and full of anger  I find that these artists tell stories I can relate to and smile at. We are all outlaws in a way I guess. "Blood and Wine" by Dustin Kensrue really channels how many alcoholics and addicts behave. Prayer exercise healthy eating and not drinking are all also things that work great for me me being a fellow veteran who just a few months ago had anxiety that nearly drove me to suicide. Luckily I reached out just like you are now and I listened to what people who care (and they do care) suggested for me. Good luck brother!!! .
[deleted]
I hope you don't mind me responding again late - as i tend to spend the late evening hours on reddit to stay busy. ..As much as i hate anxiety I have always found the best weapon against it is to face it. When you stew and let your mind take over it can be extremely debilitating. ..I served in the militatary and fortunately do not have PTSD but i do have a lot of flash backs and tend to "ruminate" or zone out within the feeling. If you take away its teeth it becomes more right sized. ..The hardest part is convincing yourself to take the right steps in things you want to accomplish. When you have anxiety about something you need to get done think about the first thing you need to accomplish this goal and do it. A lot of little wins can give you momentum. ..I really hope you start doing better a lot of what happens in the coming months are based on a series of good decisions.    :D
