-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21lakr/agnostic_aa_and_higher_power_general_updates_day/

I am fortunate enough to live in a city that has less-mainstream AA meetings which includes at least one agnostic meeting every day and most days multiple meetings. I've checked out a couple and the one I went to last night just kind of threw me off/confused me. Everyone was really quiet during the meeting it was like pulling teeth for the speaker to get people to raise their hands and share. That was frustrating because I really wanted to know what these people think about being atheist/agnostic and in AA. Also after the meeting a guy handed me an agnostic step list. He made sure to say "I'm doing this as an individual after the close of the meeting" as he handed it to me. ..In a somewhat radical but more likely evolutionary change from my thoughts on the topic a few weeks ago [Intuition as Higher Power](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1zevhl/this_looks_a_lot_like_a_bibleintuition_as_a/) I've come to really embrace the idea of developing a spirituality that isn't capital-G-god centric. No I will never believe in the Catholic god I grew up with the white guy in the sky dispensing guilt and shame with the wag of a finger but nurturing a sense of spirituality feels like a good way to intuitively develop an understanding of how to conduct myself as an adult. ..I fancy myself a writer though I've had trouble stringing more than a few comprehensible sentences together for about 9 years now. When I'm writing something that I'm proud of it really feels like the words are coming through me from something outside myself. This feeling of inspiration is the closest I have ever been able to get to feeling spiritual. I'm still kind of struggling with the idea of praying to writing or art but I'm probably over-intellectualizing it. My sponsor says I should just try to get in the same headspace and see what happens. ..General updates: This is the first week nearly two months in that I have felt genuinely happy for a stretch of days. It feels amazing. I've started reading again (yay!) I still can't seem to get my apartment clean or do my laundry but I'm sure these things will come in time. I haven't had a full-blown panic attack in over a month although generally my anxiety is still elevated. ..I've decided to start calling myself a writer again instead of shedding the label. I'm also trying to stop actively resisting writing when I feel the urge. I realize that if I don't write when I feel like I want/need to I may remember some of the words later but the essence is diminished and the thought is hollow. Two things from different people at meetings that have really helped me: 1. The voice that tells me I'm not an alcoholic is the same voice that tells me I'm not a writer. (the guy said "actor" but substitute as you like) 2. Write right now because this exact moment will never exist again and I will never feel this exact way; external and internal circumstances are constantly morphing. (substitute create/sing/whatever)..Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

At my home group last night two of my favorite old timers Richard and Ed were sitting at the end of a long table and the topic was the 2d/3d Steps which for the newcomers to AA you can think of as the mega-higher power steps.  Ed had this straight ahead Christian-rap about the Ten Commandments that was kind of a turn off to me but then made the point that from his perspective when his higher power (the Christian God of Ed's understanding) told him to place no God above God--that meant alcohol.  Loved it.  Good point Ed.  Then Richard who has 41 years of continuous sobriety and who I know to be a Buddhist looked at Ed smiled and said there are no ten commandments there are 4 noble truths and the 8 fold path.  In other words Richard was pointing out that in AA any belief system is the right belief system if it's your belief (or non-belief). 
&gt;When I'm writing something that I'm proud of it really feels like the words are coming through me from something outside myself. This feeling of inspiration is the closest I have ever been able to get to feeling spiritual...Y'know how Homer invokes the muses at the beginning of *The Odyssey* like "Sing o muses of a man " yadda yadda? This is kind of a common thing. At that time a "genius" was something you had not something you were. ..I'm rather with you on this whole thing. I'm also an atheist or agnostic or "there is no answer; unask the question" kind of dude but I don't get a lot from atheist/agnostic meetings. If I'm so smart (and I've got mad delusions of grandeur) I'll use that intelligence to reframe the steps into something palatable for a material dude like me and not waste time dragging them down as an institution...For me god has become a short word for "the actions of other people and the weather." Where plenty of AA people say "nothing happens in God's world without reason" I say "everything happens for equally little reason."..The strength and wisdom and "knowing what to do and when to do it" that guides my sobriety seems rather god-like but I know it's coming from me. It's just that it's coming from the bits of me I was smothering under a pillow for far too long.
This is a great post....thank you for putting your thoughts down and sharing them.  I got a lot out of it.
The weirdness of your "Agnostic Meeting" sounds like someone threatened to strike them off the official roster if they didn't comply with traditional readings. There are meetings that take place without the sanction of AA. All that means is that they are not listed on AA meeting lists they do not tithe to AA entities and they are not titled AA meetings. They do take place and they do help suffering alcoholics. They probably start as a new meeting splintering off from an established group to better meet the needs of  a portion of the members. Recently the Central AA office is getting pissy about Atheist and Agnostic meetings but this too shall pass. AA is a power much higher than the petty individuals who find themselves elected to transitory positions of service.  
