-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21p9uf/i_fucked_up_again/

After a week of sobriety the most clear week i've had in 3 years I drank. Went to a BBQ with some friends there was a ton of beer there and I had 4 in about 2 hours. Came home grabbed my fake ID and immediately bought a bottle of cheap Canadian whisky. I'm so disappointed in myself right now. I had 3 drinks from the half gallon bottle went outside for a cigarette and started crying. I dumped the bottle. I'm not quite drunk but i can definitely feel the alcohol. I called my mom and i'm on the bus right now going to visit my parents. They know i've been struggling with this and my nerves are about to take over. I know i'm going to break down when I see them...If someone could let me know how to reset my badge i'd appreciate it...I cut my fake ID up by the way. And i'm not going anywhere but the gym and work for the next few days. I need to avoid temptation. I figured I would be ok because I denied it once but temptation is a fucken killer.
----------immediate responses--------

Please don't be so hard on yourself. You're going to be ok. It's obvious you want to be sober but you are struggling. When I was first sober I didn't have alcohol iat home stayed away from events where drinking was a main activity didn't hang out with drinking friends and stayed out of bars. It's important to protect yourself because alcohol is powerful. This is especially true during the first months. ..The fact that you cut up your ID and are going to your parents' makes it clear that you are trying to protect yourself. That's a good sign. Be proud that you posted here and took swift action. Getting as much support as possible is helpful. I had a counselor and went to AA meetings. ..You're on the road to recovery. ..Edit: See the sidebar to reset your badge. 
There's a link on the right under "Badges" to change (reset) your badge.  ..This is not the end and you are not a failure.  I'm 42 years old with a screwed-up liver and I've quit more times than I care to count but I learned something from all those "failures" - no matter how many times I return to alcohol it never makes me happy and it always makes me suffer.  I *finally* learned the lesson I needed to learn and I'm feeling very good now.  Best wishes.  
It sounds to me like you've crossed a big line in your thinking about how alcohol affects you and now you're ready to do this.  You know how to stop drinking; now why don't you try supporting the choice with some recovery meetings.  In AA I found a real path to a different dimension.  It can work for you too.
I think it is great that you have enough determination to get up right away after you have fallen down. For most of my life my reaction to falling down was to have a good roll around in the mud. This ability to get back in the ring right away is a wonderful gift. Even after I gave up drinking I've found that a lot of life is about falling down and picking myself back up again. When this sort of stuff happens it's tempting to slip into self-hatred and self-blame but I'm sure you know that this is just going to be a waste of your time and you deserve better. 
When I was ready to stop I realized that if I was going to make it permanent I had to change my playground and change my  playmates. So far so good. I've found there are plenty of people who don't drink to hang with in fact the majority of people on this planet have absolutely no need to drink whatsoever - these are the sort of people I need to be around...Good luck
