-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21s3vc/38_months_and_some_days_almost_feels_like_a/

Just dropping in and thought I would give my two (or more) cents. Checked my flair and was surprised! I can honestly say that the days go faster and become so much easier as you continue recovery...I am still fairly young so I have grown up a LOT during this time. It's almost as if I'm a completely different person a person I am finally proud of and can take care of. While there are many people you may care about being able to put yourself first is oh so important. It's crucial that you are healthy and able before focusing on the health and ability of another. The love you have for yourself can only help your love for others grow...A few people on here have talked about how they don't feel as accomplished as they think they should or are still depressed in their recovery. If I could provide the world with a worries-be-gone button I would in a heartbeat. But there is no such button. What we are all doing right now is more difficult than people without our struggles could ever fully understand. I still have my bad days but have found so many things that have helped me. They include but are certainly not limited to:..-Attempt something brand new. Example: I have been learning how to draw. Sure it's only a little beyond stick people but it's new to the mind and challenges me in a fun way. You don't have to share this new thing with anybody it can be your little secret...-Find something to do with a friend. Another example: Yoga with a friend is fulfilling and healthy. One night dedicated to a friend or even a small group of friends can really make a difference. If you have difficulty scheduling something with people you know sign up for something without any familiar faces. There are a lot of interesting and beautiful people out there why punish them by not showing how interesting and beautiful you are as well?..-Stay busy. Don't overwhelm yourself with things to do (anxiety and depression were factors in my drinking so I have to be careful with this myself) but try to keep your mind and body going throughout the day. The day is yours to do whatever you want with. Do a lot. Make the day one of value one you can be proud of...-Give yourself healthy and happy alone time. While recovery is not a one-person process being able to spend time by yourself without feeling lonely is an important life lesson. Write down thoughts you have that you'll want to remember and reflect on someday in the future; it gives you a way of communicating with yourself. Converse with past and present you; you have interesting things to say...-Create things that will comfort you in time of need. When you are having bad days (trust me I still get them they will never completely go away) have a go-to video song poem whatever. As long as it's something that reassures you that any pain you may be feeling is only temporary. It's always temporary you can make it go away even when it seems hopeless...-Always be growing mentally and physically. If you're out of school keep learning. Reading researching a topic that has always interested you or writing trains of thought. Have a lifelong forecast of brainstorms. Do something physical at least a few times per week. Even if it's just walking around the block I cannot emphasize enough how much better you feel after simply moving. You can let go of so much if you set some time aside for your body...-Burn memories of your dark past. Literally. Build a fire in a fireplace and burn anything physical that connects you to your dependent days. If it's digital delete it RIGHT NOW. You don't need those things. Ever. They are only holding you back. ..-Be understanding of others not in your position. Emotional intelligence goes a long way and helps you form deep and meaningful relationships of all sorts. Some people can control their drinking and that is ok. Some people cannot control things that you can and that is ok. If somebody does not fully understand your struggles help them to. Educate them. Clearly express your feelings and thoughts so they can learn your wants and needs. Allow them to do the same so you can learn...-Finish this list for me. Figure out what works for you. For all I know none of this could be applicable to you. Get to a point where you know yourself best and what truly makes you healthy and happy. I can't give you all of the solutions and answers...you'd have to start paying me then. xD..We are overcoming great obstacles and I am proud of every single one of you whether or not you are proud of yourself yet too. You're awesome. So. Freakin'. Awesome.
----------immediate responses--------

Amen x's 1168. ..To add to this list:  educate yourself about just what /r/lazychickbum is saying him/herself. If you don't know how to grow within yourself learn about it from someone else! This forum is a great tool for doing this. Search for your path in this life wherever and whenever you can!..One more important thing for myself which would be under the "health and happy alone time" category is to practice simple meditation. A clear mind can make the chaotic world seem still and peaceful after some deep breaths and centeredness.  ..And YOU are awesome /r/lazychickbum!!!  Thank you so much for posting this.  What a great way to cap off my day. :-)
Thank you so much for this insightful post...I haven't considered deleting digital memories of addiction... hm.... I would not miss any pics of me in which I look obviously inebriated! :)
Happy for you!
Excellent post.  I think your expression of empathy for others is one of the great gifts of sobriety precisely because if feel so heartfelt.  I remember that when I was a drunk I cared so little about others beyond meeting my selfish needs and manipulating them even when it SEEMED like I was being caring and generous.  Genuine empathy genuine caring came when in sobriety it dawned on me that I was not the center of the universe.  Continued blessings you you /u/lazychickbum! 
great stuff: thanks!
