-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21vwfc/3_months_down_the_drain_feeling_hopeless/

This is long sorry...but I need to vent...Today I should be celebrating my 90th day since I quit drinking and using drugs...Unfortunately it's not. ..I worked this program with the desperation of a drowning man. I checked myself into treatment on December 31st 2013. I was treated for multiple drug dependencies but the biggest monkey on my back was the alcohol. I worked the program SO hard. Daily meetings. Service work. I have an amazing sponsor. I worked through the steps felt God in my life on a daily basis and felt FREE. The promises were coming true SO quickly...I was forging new relationships doing very well at work my financial situation improved in miraculous ways I was rebuilding the bridges I'd burned with family etc...Everything was so great. Obviously there were some downs but I knew how to handle them. There were some amazing high points and I tried to be as grateful as possible for the things that God and the fellowship had brought into my life. ..But I had this itch. This feeling I couldn't shake. A reservation that I could drink normally...before treatment of course I drank and drugged my life into oblivion everything was shitty! Why wouldn't I drink to excess my life fucking sucked! Now that it's so much better I can handle the alcohol. It won't be my escape. It won't be my coping mechanism. Can you really blame a man for wanting a beer after a long day at work? Is it insane for me to want to have a glass of wine on a date someday? I can control it...Such fucking insane thoughts...I went out last night. I wanted to have one beer. I called someone that wouldn't judge me...an ex girlfriend who still currently uses drugs and alcohol to excess. She knew me before I got sober she understood me better than anyone she would understand without judgement my decision to go out. I met her at a bar ordered a beer and took a sip. So long 89 days! No big deal I can control it. 6 beers 2 shots a few xanax and a foolish and dangerous drive home later I realized I fucked up. It wasn't worth it. It wasn't as glamorous as I'd imagined. It wasn't really that fun. I couldn't get the program out of my head I knew what I was doing was destructive and pointless. Nothing positive would come out of it. Maybe if I just slept I'd have more perspective.....I woke up today feeling okay. I had a weird night probably drank a bit more than I should of and what the fuck was I thinking taking benzos? Those things almost fucking killed me just a few months ago. I'm such a fucking idiot. I got a call late in the afternoon today. Without going on another tangent I have been given an AMAZING financial opportunity something that will change my life...if I'm sober. Divine intervention or something. Amazing things keep happening to me and I am willing to flush it down the drain for a fucking drink with someone who really means very little to me?..I came clean to my sponsor. He told me to reestablish and restart on step one. I told my best friend in recovery he wanted me to do the same and promised he'd be there no matter what. Everyone just wants me to reestablish and start again relapse happens tomorrow is another day...but I feel like I've fucked up beyond repair...I just got back from the liquor store. My irrational alcoholic mind justifies one last night binge. I keep telling everyone that I'll reestablish tomorrow. I'm not sure if I'm ready to face it though. I'm just absolutely miserable full of shame guilt fear. I feel like I've failed let everyone down no one will ever respect me again. I'm terrified of reestablishing I'm depressed that I can't celebrate 3 months tonight. Every single good thing in my life that has happened in this short time of sobriety feels like it's ruined. ..I don't know. I'm a mess right now. I'm scared of reestablishing. I'm scared of standing in front of everyone in my homegroup and admitting that I fucked up. I'm scared of admitting that I couldn't do it. I'm terrified...I don't know where I'm going with this. I'm just in a terrible place. I know I WANT sobriety I truly do. I just don't know if I can face my failure in relapse. I feel so weak selfish and hopeless. I'm terrified to start over. I feel like such a hypocrite... ..If anyone who has relapsed has any advice it would help me so so much. I feel so lost like everything I achieved over the last 90 days is lost...Thanks for reading...
----------immediate responses--------

You did ninety days. You did the hard part already. So start again...Pour that garbage you bought down the drain. 90 days is not lost it is a learning experience. Grab your boot straps and pull them up. No one is going to judge you. Break the cycle and do NOT drink tonight. You have not fucked up beyond repair. ..You proved already you can do it. You do not need one last night binge. What about tomorrow? You will feel shitty for the "last night binge"....and possibly go back to the liquor store. Call your sponsor go do something else. ..Just DON'T DRINK...Here is my story read this: http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/20cf2b/used_to_be_a_big_drunk_but_rebuilding_your_life/
Making it that far is an accomplishment in itself. I'm sure there were tempting thoughts every hour for that 90 days. If you can go that long you can go longer.
I once decided to go drinking after two years of being sober. At the time I was a member of AA and I went to at least one meeting a day. My return to alcohol happened over months. I started to hate being a 'recovering alcoholic' almost as much as I did being an active alcoholic. So I walked into a bar one afternoon and ordered a half pint of larger. I had another couple more drinks but I was able to stop and go home before I got drunk. I felt this proved that it was safe for me to drink. I managed to repeat this controlled drinking pattern for about a month before I slipped back into all-out-nuclear-alcohol-enthusiasm. This return to drinking was the start of a 10-year period of fucking misery. I became better at hiding my bad behavior but the inner turmoil was horrendous - no conscious being should have to put up with that level of mental pain. ..You have a choice now. You could say "fuck it I might as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb" and keep on drinking. I think you already guess what is going to happen if you do this - if you didn't you wouldn't be posting on here. Alternatively you could see your brief return to alcohol-enthusiasm as part of your journey. Why do you think that you've achieved over the last 90 days has not been lost? Where has it gone? 
[deleted]
No one will judge you but yourself. Everyone in AA knows exactly how you feel cause we have been there. I relapsed a ton before this streak I am on the thing that helped me after the last one was coming clean to the group. The love and acceptance I got was so unexpected and just what I needed. That name and guilt is alcohols way of keeping you down. You are not a bad person you are a sick person. Watching90days just go away has to be tough but you can get there again. Let your sponsor and group love you until you love yourself. You got this.
You will feel so so so so so much better tomorrow if you make the decision not to drink tonight.  I only went 28 days the first time I tried quitting.  I had two beers after I got some shitty news.  Then later that night I went out and got drunk at a bar because hell I'd already drank that day.  Flash forward 9-10 months later before I was able to get my shit together. Don't let one day ruin more than that for you.  It doesn't even have to *ruin* anything if you can really use that day to motivate you.  You said it yourself that it wasn't that fun so why did you do it?  Make a pro and con list on drinking tonight or alcohol in general in your life and I am almost certain that the cons will severely outweigh the pros.
You're letting your fear get the best of you right now. Fear drives us to drink. 99% of our fears don't even come true. Use this as a learning experience to remember that the difference between 89 days and 90 days is just 1 day. That's all you ever have to worry about just 1 day at a time. You can start that day today...Just keep reaching out to your sponsor and your friends and continue to go to meetings. There was something wrong with your spiritual life before that drove you to drink. I'm confident that if you spend your time trying to figure out what that was this time sobriety will be even more worthwhile. This was an experience that you were meant to have because when you look back on it in your future sobriety it will be able to help someone else who's going through the same thing...Remember courage isn't the absence of fear. It's the ability to stand up to your fears and do the right thing which isn't always easy. I have a sense that quitting drinking is the right thing for you and that you don't even have to do it alone. I just got back from a meeting tonight where a guy lost a couple years and came back in after only one night of drinking! If you go to enough meetings you will also find a person like this...Good luck friend!
Wow... couple things. 1) You did NINETY DAYS. That is huge. One day of the ninety is a drop in the bucket... and you came clean within 24 hours. That too is massive. That means there is a sane person in there fighting to come out. That means you know what you want even when dealing with a booze and benzo-addled mind that could easily have you saying "effit I'm going for a week a month whatever." ..There is a saying in a book I'm reading right now that is coming to mind here... "As long as you are breathing there is more right with you than wrong with you." As long as you are breathing... and oh yeah you happen to be HERE and in contact with your sponsor and sober friends you are closer to sober than not.
**"The shame is not in falling down.  The shame is in staying down."**..Probably the best single thing I have heard in a meeting.  ..It sounds as if you made some progress that you seem to be ignoring.  You have proven you are capable of being sober.  You showed yourself that a program of recovery is compatible for you (this is isn't the case for everyone).  You have tools in place and a clear idea of what to do.  ..Getting and staying sober is hard enough.  Beating yourself up (although very understandable - I have been in a very similar place) only makes it harder.  People will support you through this; try to do the same for yourself.  ..
How do you really want to live the life you've been granted? Your choice.
Hey /u/moxiesrecovery I gave up 15 YEARS--c'mon brother we can do this sober thing together.  
90 days is a great accomplishment. 
