-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/21z07q/i_really_dont_know_what_to_do_any_more/

Hi r/stopdrinking    ..I've been browsing for a while and made a throw away for this.    .I have quite a turbulent past. I wont describe it all because I'm not sure anyone will even read this but I started drinking as a form of self medication at 14/15 years old. Since then I've struggled with alcohol drugs and sex addictions which have all obviously impacted my ability to live a normal life. I went into rehab and then a psychiatric hospital when I was 20. I was diagnosed with bipolar type II. I had previously been diagnosed with depression and the antidepressants alone exasperated the 'highs' and made me more reckless. I left hospital feeling secure but was then given the wrong dose of mood stabilisers by my doctor at home. This lead to a difficult few weeks but again I got over it. I've had ups and downs but finally feel like I'm in a good place in my life. I haven't taken drugs for a year almost to the day. I haven't had suicidal thoughts (attempted suicide is what brought me to rehab). However the drinking is something I can't shake.    .I was taught that it's all or nothing once you have alcoholism. The pathways in your brain are too difficult to change and if you drink again you'll just keep drinking and drinking. I thought I knew better. And sometimes I can have one glass of wine with dinner and be done. But then I'll drink 2L of vodka in 2 days and neglect responsibilities and relationships. I've done NA. I've done AA. I've been hospitalised numerous times and I just don't know what it will take for me to stop. Sometimes I'm fine for weeks and then for seemingly no reason I'll binge. I practice mindfulness. I have people who care about me and who I care about in my life. People who I can depend upon. I have overcome a lot and I am in a very privileged positions compared to most people in the world but I just get this moments of existential crisis where I'm convinced of the ultimate nihilism of everything and I can't reconcile that despair with every day life.    .And now this has gone on much longer than intended. Basically I'm split between my ambitions for life and my overwhelming feeling of the pointlessness of life. Sometimes I wont drink for weeks and then I'll binge for weeks. I used to "have" to drink when I did something like public speaking but I forced myself enough times to do it sober that I got over it. Now it's sex. I have a tumultuous sexual history. Now I'm in an amazing relationship but 9 times out of 10 I'm drunk when we have sex because I'm just too scared. It's such an irrational fear because I love sex I'm experienced and know what I want. I have no logical reason to be scared but I guess it's a habit. Actually I guess it's the fear of emotional connection. I have so many walls up and I've been trying so hard to be more open but sometimes it's easier just to let inebriation open me.    .I don't know how I can control myself. Like I said things are fine for a while and then I binge. Then I'm shaky and depressed. Then I'm fine. Then I binge. I feel so pathetic and in this weird in between stage from being truly alcohol depended and being a binge drinker.    .I realise this is a ramble but I would really be grateful if people could post their experiences with getting sober in regards to the quitting process. What helped you? How long did it take you? Who did you talk to?    .EDIT: I'm going to sleep but i just wanted to leave a thank you to everyone who replied and everyone who might reply whilst I'm sleeping.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow poor kid.  My heart breaks for you but only because I've had a lot of the same or similar sorts of turbulence.  I think what made the biggest difference for me is that I tend to trust the process of recovery and my psychological counseling.  When I said I wanted to recover from alcoholism I threw myself into it.  I got a reputable sponsor I did the steps and so forth.  With my psychologist I did the same thing.  I showed up for my appointments. I considered honestly the feedback that I got from him and that process.  It comes down to honesty willingness and being open minded as trite as that sounds...Good luck to you I hope you keep sharing.  
Hello and welcome.                   .What helped me quit was going to inpatient detox. You may not need that if you don't experience withdrawal symptoms. I was desperate and willing. I had a counselor who was a recovering alcoholic and a woman so I trusted her and followed her recommendations. I went to inpatient treatment following by ongoing counseling and active involvement in aa. I was hungry for recovery. I continued counseling which helped me address my issues and gain insight and perspective. Doing the steps with a sponsor opened a door to a world I didn't know existed and gave me sober living tools. As for how long it took...One day at a time.                          .Thanks for posting. I hope you find what you're looking for.                             
When you say you've "done" AA did you get a sponsor?  Work the steps?  Make amends to those you have wronged?
Thanks for the wonderful description of my old 'fuck it' button - it brings back so many memories. I fell into a pattern of building sandcastles and then kicking them down again. I just couldn't win against my mind because it always found the next negative thing to latch onto. If I wasn't dismayed at the mess of my life I was depressed by the thought that ultimately there was no meaning to it. ..I no longer have a fuck-it button. I don't really have a belief system but my life has real purpose and meaning. I enjoy a sense of inner-peace that never really goes away. I'm happier than I ever believed was possible. ..What helped me?  I finally gave up alcohol at a temple here in Thailand but I was only there for ten days and my new life has been self-directed since then. I'd been struggling to break free of addiction for almost two decades up until that point but in the end it was all incredibly easy. I let go of the idea that I was an alcoholic who needed to keep on struggling. I didn't so much break free of alcoholism as fall out of it. ..Like you I've used mindfulness but the thing that has really changed my life is developing self-compassion.
I sent you a PM. You don't have to reply I was just letting you know : )
You gotta understand that in the scope of the universe your life has as much meaning as you give it. Ask yourself if you're OK with the fact that you'll never grow beyond what you are now...If you're not then identify all the things that are stopping you. For many people it's not just drinking. It's other drugs and habits that chain them down and prevent them from evolving. ..One step at a time. ..Identify.
You had me at bipolar type II. Keep going keep breathing. Take your actual real life meds no matter how good you feel. I'm in early recovery myself. I've been in early recovery for the past 7 years. Oh to be a drunk with a mood disorder. PM me any time. I'm navigating full time work therapy med reviews and meetings. I think all of this might be the attention I need right now. It's so time consuming...which might be really really good
I chose life. I still do. Every day.
