-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/220gz9/im_new_to_reddit_and_just_wanted_to_share_my/

Well here I am I never thought I would be looking at /r/stopdrinking or any other websites regarding alcoholism. I am partly still in shock  that I ended up here to be honest. This is one of the hardest things I have ever had to do but I couldn't be happier that I did. ..I'm female 22 years old NC born and raised and currently attending college here in NC. My dad started drinking heavily when I was in 7th grade. He was both an alcoholic and abuser of other drugs. He died when I was a senior in high school his heart gave out. I grew up telling myself I'd never be like him. I'm stronger than him I'm a different person than he was I care too much about my family and friends to put them through what my dad put us through. I never wanted to hurt anyone I never thought I was out of control... and maybe I was in control for a time but I lost that game and I couldn't be happier that I did.  ..The process of my realization that I was an alcoholic took place in one of the scariest experiences I have ever had a demon most of you are probably well aware of alcohol withdrawal. ..It started March 20th Day 1: I had been trying to cut back because I was realizing that "maybe" I was drinking too much (around 3-6 shots of liquor every day during the week and up to 6-10 shots of liquor each weekend day) so realizing that I was maybe just possibly drinking too much I decided to cut back. This night was the easiest I wondered all night long why I couldn't sleep man I've never had problems sleeping and always looked forward to it. I didn't sleep at all feeling restless and my mind turning and turning the thoughts wouldn't stop and the slight anxiety that crept up on me like one of those creepy black cats (sorry cat lovers) I was mildly anxious and uncomfortable. ..Day 2: During the day after not sleeping all night the night before I felt extreme exhaustion. Well of course I was exhausted I told myself I couldn't sleep. My anxiety increased to an all time high during night 2 making it nearly impossible to do anything but obsess and worry about the lack of sleep I was getting. I tried to come up with reasons in my head oh i'm in a negative thought loop oh I just watched the cosmos and its freaking me out oh i've been smoking too much and now I can't sleep without it... the list went on and on. This night was the beginning of my hell and terror; I was so anxious irrationally afraid of sleep my head killed me and the shakes... I couldn't stop shaking. I justified these symptoms due to my recent obsession of my lack of sleep all I could do was think about how I needed sleep and I would panic thinking I'd never sleep again. Ridiculous I know but I had no idea what was wrong with me. Needless to say on the night of day 2 I didn't sleep. ..Day 3: I had all the previous symptoms listed plus feelings of added delusion confusion and extreme sensitivity to light. I felt almost as if I was living in a dream world of terror. Reality started to melt and it was almost impossible to distinguish what reality even was. It was like my mind turned off and my body went through the regular motions that it knew was normal to do during the day. The anxiety climaxed to an all time high during this day all day. It didn't stop. I had a new prognosis for my troubles now I attributed my symptoms to developing some type of extreme anxiety disorder that was so severe it caused me to shake constantly and develop insomnia. At this point I became so irrationally afraid that I wouldn't be able to sleep that I felt like I was literally losing my mind. I took three or four shots of tequila in an effort to sleep. It worked on night 3 I slept 2 hours and I was so proud of myself. ..Day 4 the day of complete and utter hell the climax of my withdrawal. I remember being so afraid of literally everything during the day and at night. My boyfriend would try to give me ideas on how to relax and tips for sleeping and everything he said scared me to death. It was like every idea anyone else had was the scariest thing I had ever heard. I was an emotional wreck I was restless my head hurt I was irritable I was convinced the sun had gotten brighter than it usually was-my eyes hurt to be outside I couldn't sit still I wanted to do things I wanted to have plans I felt like it helped my anxiety if I had something planned to do I just knew I was losing my mind. After my boyfriend fell asleep this night I tried to ignore all the pain uncomfortable restlessness intense anxiety sweats headache confusion and delusion but all I could do was lay in bed and endure everything while my entire body was involuntarily shaking. I took one shot of tequila my last drink March 23. It didn't even help night 4 I didn't sleep. ..The next morning Day 5 my emotions collapsed and I felt like I was going to die for sure. I think one of the scariest part was not knowing what was wrong with me not having a single clue... On day 5 I couldnt make it past 11am. I had my boyfriend drive me to the counseling center at my school. I could barely fill out the survey they gave me because I was so out of it but I do remember seeing the questions about alcohol and I remember thinking oh yeah I guess I do drink more than 9 drinks in a week (I actually drink way more) oh yeah I guess that does sound like me (passed out by being too drunk weakly); check check check... But my mind still refused to acknowledge that alcohol was the demon. I'm the one in control right? I'm winning the game right? ..No. No. No. No.  Honey I think you have alcohol withdrawal syndrome.  I exploded in tears. I told her she was wrong I told her that I just had bad anxiety and was in a negative thought loop about sleeping. No. No. No. No. I grew up telling myself I'd never be like him. I'm stronger than him I'm a different person than he was I care too much about my family and friends to put them through what my dad put us through. I never wanted to hurt anyone I never thought I was out of control... I looked up at the psychiatrist and counselor and could feel their concern and pity.  Your brain is wired differently than other people's you are more at risk to become an alcoholic cause of your father  you are doing the right thing by coming here to get help for your addiction...  Addiction? what the fuck I came here cause I couldn't sleep and I have anxiety. No. No. No. No. .They prescribed me medication to deal with withdrawal symptoms and another medication for sleeping the medications worked wonders. If the medication works... No. No. No. No. I'm not an alcoholic. As the days passed and I began to recover I did a lot of research on alcohol withdrawal. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. I have alcohol withdrawal syndrome but I'm only 22... Oh my god. About three days after I went to the counseling center I began to accept it my diagnosis. And nearly two weeks later I'm now accepting that I am an alcoholic. ..I grew up telling myself I'd never be like him. I'm stronger than him I'm a different person than he was I care too much about my family and friends to put them through what my dad put us through. I never wanted to hurt anyone I never thought I was out of control... and maybe I was in control for a time but I lost that game and I couldn't be happier that I did. Going through alcohol withdrawal has made me thankful that I can recover and have a chance at a healthy life; it has made me realize and accept that I am an alcoholic; it has encouraged me to also quit smoking cigarettes and smoking weed; and it has made me realize that my sanity my health and most importantly my friends and family are more important to me than my desire to drink or harm my body in any other way. Even though it is a daily struggle to keep from drinking I want to do this. I want to do this for all of you here on /r/stopdrinking for those who are struggling with alcohol or other drugs for my boyfriend for my dear friends for my family and for my father.  ..I lost the game and couldn't be happier that I did because now I can learn to play a new much more healthier game. ..For those of you who are struggling my heart goes out to you. I hope that by sharing my story I can encourage some of you to stop and keep from drinking. .Love.Maschoco.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to /r/stopdrinking /u/maschoco.  Thanks for sharing your story it will help others.  I hope you continue to share and comment as you go along.
VA born but Wilmington NC raised here!  Woo woo!!! 
Glad you've made the realizations you have.  I too was 22 when I experienced my first withdraw.  I went to the hospital because I thought I was having a heart attack.  Truth is I was having a massive panic attack because my body was withdraw from alcohol.  Glad you've found a therapist.  Keep going to see them and keep posting here at /r/stopdrinking!  :)..EDIT - Changed trust to truth
Thanks so much for posting /u/maschoco.  I hope you request a badge and continue sharing :)  
I grew up telling myself I'd never be like him. I'm stronger than him I'm a different person than he was I care too much about my family and friends to put them through what my dad put us through. I never wanted to hurt anyone I never thought I was out of control..."..Thank you /u/maschoco for sharing your story. This quote above was exactly my line of thinking. My father is an alcoholic. He was abusive to me through my formative years often pushing/slapping me when he came home drunk and he decided I was being "disrespectful". I told myself I would never *ever* be like him. And...I became like him. ..Alcohol is a demon that we as children of alcoholics must be ever more aware of. Because we believe we know what the disease is we can go into drinking thinking we can control it we know the signs the symptoms. Many of us fail. That feeling of failure is the worst knowing that you become something that you hated for so long is world-changing. It is for the best that we recognize the willingness in our own selves to abuse alcohol and the greater risk because we are our parents' children. ..Thanks again for your story and please keep posting here! I would love to hear more from you. I am around your age and will probably encounter some of the same struggles as we make this journey. ..Sincerely.Blindasfuck. 
Cold turkey is scary. I tried it (and was given the wrong medicine for it) and I felt like I was dying. Actual ended up going to the hospital which fixed me up. ..I'm on day 7 now and I could feel better (well but of a headache and I feel fuzzy but that's to be expected). ..It's good you got help. Withdrawal from this demon can kill you. 
Thank you for your post...Alcoholism is not a moral disease. It's not a statement on your character that you had alcohol withdrawals. I know the temptation is great to separate from our parents to make assumptions about things... but you have a wonderful opportunity now to make it clean. At 22... already going through withdrawals you may not be able to drink as long as your father did. ..I wish you the very best. Getting sober was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life...And I'll put this out there: I have only 24 hours clean from cigarettes. After four years sober from drinking. And I still love myself. One day at a time perfect or imperfect. Take care of yourself.
