-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2213n2/my_pink_cloud/

It is always important to share our stories with each other in the hopes that something that we say may eventually help someone out with their own struggles. It is also important however to discuss the benefits of our sobriety. I was thinking about it today and wanted to share some of the benefits/miracles that I have experienced so far in my three months of sobriety. ..1)I no longer struggle to find my words. I have always been a particularly verbose and intelligent person. That didn't mean that I always spoke up but when I did it was with a well-thought-out argument. I noticed when I was drinking that even if I was not drunk I would struggle to find the words that I meant sit there for a long time when typing my papers without the word there. I was *missing* the words. I am no longer that way. ..2)I am in control. Relationships and familial ties aside I had never really felt in control of myself. My drinking was an escape for me I used it as an excuse to be out of control. I think that my sobriety has taught me that there is a way to be in control and most importantly to enjoy that control. ..3)Familial ties. Yes I have troubles with my parents and my immediate family. Yes I have resentments and we do not always get along (see my post from earlier this week) but I have realized that in the absence of alcohol not only do I want to work on those relationships but they want to work on them with me. ..4)Relationships. My own insecurities had always led me to drink. I was sure that when I was not drunk I was uninteresting and a few drinks helped me to loosen up become someone less inhibited (as they do). Without drinking I am forced to look at the shallow relationships and to actually cut them from my life. My confidence is back!!! I am worthy of being liked for who I am I am interesting and anyone who says otherwise can for lack of a better term suck it. UPDATE (by the way) I took the advice about relationships in AA that I received here from you all and applied it to those that I was talking about. I have since been left alone by those that were attempting to take advantage of my vulnerability. There is one however secure in his own sobriety and working as hard as I am that agreed with me and let me know that when I am secure in myself and happy with where I am in sobriety he will take me out on a date. Like an actual date. Not just a physical rendezvous. Confidence level 100. ..5)Work. I don't call in sick because I've been up since 7 o'clock drinking. When I do work I'm not hungover and miserable...I actually *enjoy* my job. I have been given more responsibilities and have become trustworthy. ..6)Myself. I have alluded to this already. I am okay with being in my own head when I'm not in my periods of obsession or worry. However instead of turning to alcohol as a solution I allow myself to wait out that obsession. I write in my journal I go outside and sit have a cup of coffee call another alcoholic. Instead of burying my problems in the drunken stupor that I had become used to I actively bring myself back to the lighter side of life. My confidence in myself has started its restoration process. ..This is my "Pink Cloud" guys and I have to remind myself of these benefits daily. What are some benefits that you have realized in your sobriety?? It doesn't matter how long you all have anything beautiful or noteworthy applies. ..EDIT: It's my 100 days!!! Holy shit I didn't even realize until I saw my badge!!!! (: Even better. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post for 100 days! Woot Congrats!
Congratulations! It's day two for me reading your post has given me some inspiration and a few tips (like writing a journal). Thank you! ..
hell yes. i'm starting to feel similar too.
&gt;I no longer struggle to find my words. I have always been a particularly verbose and intelligent person. That didn't mean that I always spoke up but when I did it was with a well-thought-out argument. I noticed when I was drinking that even if I was not drunk I would struggle to find the words that I meant sit there for a long time when typing my papers without the word there. I was missing the words. I am no longer that way....This is a big one for me as well; thanks for pointing it out / reminding me. I've noticed that over the past year I've found myself in more and more "on-the-tip-of-my-tongue" situations or unable to recall the name of a movie or actor when before it rarely an issue. I'm pretty sure I killed quite a few memory cells in my attempt to self-medicate. I'm only 13-ish days in but I can already see a difference in my recall -- and thank goodness for that!!!
Great post. I like the bit about work. You pretty much sum up work and alcohol addiction mixed. I used to think of myself as a functioning alcoholic until the bubble burst.
Thanks! Posts about the benefits of sobriety are my favorite ones!
Wow 1 2 and 5 is so much me and I've only been sober for 3 weeks. It's a world of difference. Thank you for an inspiring post and great job on 100 days! Keep it up! :)
Happy 100 days to you and thank you for your thoughts :).
Happy Century /u/blindasfuck --I don't think you fit your username anymore.
Back when I was drinking any time I happened upon a potentially stressful situation my hands would start trembling like I had Parkinson's Disease and I would start sweating heavily. Those instances don't happen very often but it looks and feels like a condition that calls for treatment. After just over a month of sobriety I've noticed that I stay much cooler under pressure. No more shaking or sweating.
Great post. I've happily noticed that my words are coming to me much easier these days. Certain parts of my job involve reading/understanding/editing complicated legal language and it's just not something I was ever able to do hungover. I *still* need a good night's rest to be able to do it but I also enjoy my job a lot more now. ...I also *really like* who I am these days. My attitude is different. I feel grateful and I don't feel scared. There are so many benefits. I could go on for paragraphs. Congratulations on 100 days! 
Big congrats on 100 days!  Just on day 1 here and your post about how you function now makes me think about how I used to function before alcohol became a problem for me.  Thank you for reminding me of what I have to regain :)
awesome. i like all the positive side effects of not doing something.
100+ days here as well. 22 year old college student so it's rough. I haven't been frequenting the sub or going to meetings in over two months now but I've stayed sober. First visit back to the sub and I'm wondering why it's been so long! Great post good stuff about the relationships.
