-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/222rfs/not_alcohol_dependent_but_not_real_thrilled_with/

I'm an old guy early forties. I am a craft beer professional i.e. I work in the craft beer industry. Drinking is not required as part of my job but it happens as it is always around and sometimes decisions have to be made about "taste"...I have made various attempts to become an alcoholic over the years but always found it to be too much work...too many negative consequences too many calories etc. You can classify my drinking behavior (post-college anyway) as social with the occasional bender/binge. I am not a person who has ever "needed" a drink and have sometimes gone many months without drinking...not even on purpose...For the past several years I have been unhappy with the physical and emotional consequences I experience after drinking even (relatively) small amounts of alcohol. Even if I don't drink to hangover levels days two and three after a single multi-drink evening finds me extremely irritable and depressed. If I have two or three drinks on Saturday night I will most likely be a bad dad bad husband and bad employee on Monday and Tuesday. Maybe even Wednesday...The obvious answer is to just not drink. I feel so much better about myself and about life when I don't drink. I don't need to drink. I often avoid drinking. I have even been making excuses to my friends and family for not drinking (Lent has been AWESOME!). I don't want to drink actually. It's not like I experience social pressure to drink alcohol....it's more like alcohol and drinking have become closely associated with me socially a part of my identity if you will. People consider me a beer "expert" so it is a common topic of conversation it is central to my career and feels like a core part of who I am....but I don't want anything to do with it anymore. I can continue my job for a while without drinking and what I do is translatable to other industries so it's not a super big deal on the job front. ..The actual not-drinking part will be easy for me....I am struggling with giving up being the "beer guy". I don't really want to drink anymore but I don't want to be a guy who doesn't drink....does any of this make sense? Am I just a drunk who is even bad at that and making excuses to continue the status quo?..Any insights appreciated...
----------immediate responses--------

Just become "a guy." If you don't want alcohol to define you then don't let it. Be who you want to be and brand yourself as such. Fuck being the beer guy. I'm a waitress right now but people don't expect me to be waitressy outside of work...Let go of the alcohol identity. Are you scared of finding out what's beneath that? Or just in the process of actually letting go? Just curious.
The test in the sidebar is probably your best bet for assessing your alcohol usage...If you are a craft beer professional at what point did you go many months without drinking? It seems from the rest of what you wrote that this would be difficult for you to do as the "beer guy"...You also mention attempts to become an alcoholic. ..I'm reading between the lines that perhaps your relationship with alcohol is more complicated than just being the "beer guy" who is a craft beer professional but all I've got to go on is your post...When it comes down to it I think you already have the key insight:..&gt; The obvious answer is to just not drink. I feel so much better about myself and about life when I don't drink. ..I recommend focusing on that. ..The issue of your image as the "beer guy" will have to be addressed at some point but if you begin to enjoy yourself as "sober guy" maybe this won't seem so insurmountable...As for what to tell people when they ask you about not drinking it sounds like an honest response from you might be "I am tired of drinking. Drinking doesn't make me feel good anymore.." or something along those lines...Good luck - I hope you get to a place where you are feeling better all around! 
I can't come up with any definition of 'drunk' that you would qualify for. You are basically a beer expert who avoids drinking because you don't like to consume alcohol. ..Could you sample beer like some do at wine tastings? Just get enough for the flavor and spit it into a mug. That might even elevate your status as an expert just tell people that you don't want your palette compromised by the effects of liquor. 
My identity is not what I drink. Is that what you really want? Perhaps you're afraid of who you'll be if not the "beer guy". Maybe you'll be a human being a man a woman like the rest of us. 
You know it's posts like this that just really highlight how similar our struggles are. This post- if you just switch out the "craft beer" for "craft cocktails"- is a huge part of my struggle too. The identification the expectation the "just being over it" the realization that even small quantities have these negative physical and mental consequences that just aren't worth it the wishing that people would just talk about something other than booze for f*&amp;ing once!..Of course I was also an evening solo drinker (the part that really landed me here) but that part has been super easy to stop. It's the social/lifestyle stuff that continues to be a frustration. ..Anyhow that's all to say that I hope you'll stick around. You don't need to be a "problem drinker" to hang around contribute learn and teach!
