-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22465l/celebrating_3_years_today/

Whenever an anniversary comes around it's important for me to share. I couldn't have done it without the support of so many people. It's really our sobriety we are celebrating today not mine. It may be long so...read it in chunks?..3 years ago today I had had my last bout with drugs and alcohol. The night before I found myself on the edge of a 7 story building praying for God to blow me off and kill me. I could not live like I had been anymore. I was gripped by fear anxiety jealousy and self-pity. The worst part is that I had no idea. For me alcohol was not the problem at first it was the solution. But it had stopped working years before that moment. I would romanticize all the good times. But for years all I had ever done was buy a 6 pack  a handle  a liter or steal whatever I could. Sit a lone in my room and cry or punch walls. I had been running from my feelings for so long. Drinking could not silence them anymore. ..I thought if I just kept at it things would get better. There was always " Tomorrow " to change. To make that decision to change my life. The truth was I did not know I could not stop. I still thought I had control. I was stuck in an endless loop. I could see this loop but was totally powerless on how to handle it. My solution of " Just drink more " did not work. After years I became discouraged and hopeless. I began to think it was my lot in life to suffer. That i did not deserve happiness  love or a life. I was subhuman. The mirror became a very dangerous place for me. Eventually with the end of a relationship I had decided to end my life. A long with this relationship had gone along with my dignity self-respect and ideals and principles I wanted to live by. ..That evening the wind did not blow. I had been given a second chance and did not know it yet. I had gone home and through other methods tried to kill myself. When I realized then I could not even do that I broke down and had my bottom which I am forever grateful for. I checked in to a known hospital for those suffering from addiction. While there I was still clueless as to my addiction. But a dear friend of mine who had a month at the time invited me to a meeting. I had heard of AA but had no idea what it was like. ..That evening was the first time I heard another human being other than myself. A man he was crying in a room about a 9th step amends he had made. I was moved and disturbed at his frankness in a room of 50 + others. I had no other options. The support and smiles had drawn me back. I was scared but I kept going. Eventually I found a man who spoke a truth that resonated within me. I heard a voice within me one evening say " Ask him to be your sponsor ". Outside appearances we were the exact opposite. He is black  older and gay. I am young white and straight. But on the inside we were exactly the same. I listened to that voice and asked him. He said yes...With his guidance and the help of many other peoples here and in meetings therapists and the like kept coming. I started working the steps and getting involved in groups. My life started to change. I could look in the mirror again. I could stand on my two feet again. I have had many struggles in my sobriety. Loss of relationships gaining some relationships getting to know my condition and myself better. I am now sponsoring guys and can see the fire and hope in their eyes that inspire me and give me hope too. ..Before AA alcohol was my God. I believed in alcohol to solve my problems and I took the action of drink to get that. Today I believe in a higher power a God a spirit of the universe and I take the action of prayer meditation meetings calling others helping others  looking at my myself and practicing forgiveness to maintain my sobriety. It works. I have been able to repair relations with my family. I now have scores of friends whom I can call and trust. I make myself available for the newcomer. I have made many mistakes in my sobriety too. But it is a learning process. I don't have to drink today. That is a miracle for me. I have a choice I never had before. I am not cured of alcoholism. I will have rough spots and good spots ahead. But that's what I want. I want to experience life the " good " and " bad " without a drink. And I can today...If you are struggling please keep coming. For me  meetings have saved my life and the connections I made in them. Let people know how you are feeling and ask for help. You are worth it. If you don't believe it works believe that I believe. And that I believe in you...Thanks you all so much.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy anniversary! 
Happy happy anniversary!  
**High ^FIVE!**                          .Thanks for sharing this milestone and especially telling what it was like and how you are doing it. Posts like this give hope to others. 
Great job!
Congratulations! It's a beautiful thing!
Great work thanks for sharing your story!
OMG CONGRATS!!!! Thanks for posting. Great thoughts.
[deleted]
Good for you!
Congratulations! That is inspiring!
Thanks guys. It means a lot. :)
