-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/226b39/owning_up_to_my_addiction_long_post/

This is a long post...  even if no one reads this I had to write it for myself. ..So I quit drinking for three months last year from September to December.  I decided to stop drinking because I told myself I had more to gain from quitting drinking.  I only admitted that I was a high-functioning alcoholic in rare circumstances.  Mostly I'd only admit this openly to my therapist but not to my friends and family.  I told everyone else it was to lose weight fight sleep apnea and combat depression.  I wanted to get healthy.  This is true.  I didn't feel the need to go through a 12-step program.  I told myself it was the reason I quit drinking.  I didn't even continue therapy after being dry for a few months.  I thought I had beat my addiction...In December I relapsed.  I told everyone it was okay.  I miss having fun and having bro-time drinking with family tasting fancy beer... whatever excuse I could dream up I used.  I'm too convincing for my own good.   But honestly I just couldn't resist the urges anymore.  I am incomplete without alcohol.  I'm bored unhappy frustrated and anxious without my weekend escapes from reality.  I wanted to get wasted with my old drinking friends again.  I wanted to drink with dinner and drink at parties.  Sure at first I was only drinking socially but then after a month I was back to drinking myself to sleep every other night.  By this March I was missing work because I was hungover or leaving work early to drink.  This happens about twice a week now.  I had a bender not just 2 weeks ago; I spent the better part of a week drinking all day by myself during the spring break.  I just drank beer and ate food and watched family guy on netflix all day.  I drank for a week.  All day.  All by myself.  Normal people do not drink by themselves for a week.  Normal people don't think about alcohol all the time.  that bender was awful.  I had an anxiety attack when it ended because I was supposed to finish a project which I crammed into the weekend after.  This is a typical pattern of my life.  I've been able to get by sacrificing sanity sleep and health.  It's what I called "high-functioning alcoholism".  What a joke...I'm going to make an honest effort for sobriety again.  I fell off the wagon but I learned a lot.  The most important thing I need to do is recognize that I cannot drink anymore because I am an alcoholic.  It's not because I want to lose weight or because it gives me sleep apnea.  I'm not quitting drinking because it exacerbates depression.   I'm an alcoholic.  I'm addicted to drinking.  When I drink I cannot control how often or how much I consume.  I drink until I feel I've had enough--no matter the consequences.  "Enough" is usually a lot.  I honestly never keep track.  I hide the real numbers from myself.  It doesn't matter how much I drank.  I couldn't stop and it made me feel terrible...My day to day life revolves around this struggle.  I think about alcohol everyday.  I start texting friends at 3pm asking them if they want to grab a beer. I spend an inordinate amount of time thinking about when I'm going to get my next drink and where.  Every weekend and most weeknights revolve around the same submission to addiction.  I get drunk even if I have something to do the next day.  I get drunk even if no one else is.  I get drunk even when my wife tells me she is concerned.  I get drunk even though my doctor told me I should not drink anymore...I'm a goddamn alcoholic.  I know. It's bullshit.  I don't want to believe it.  The only way to recover is to own up to how fucked up I am.  The longer I deny my addiction the worse things spiral out of control.  I could lose my job I could lose my wife I could lose my own life.  Last summer I almost committed suicide because I was drunk and depressed.  I sat in the dark by myself for an hour thinking if I seriously wanted to just end it.  Thank God that I decided to just go to bed.  I woke up on the couch with my browser open to the suicide hotline number.  Fuck...There is so much about my addiction that causes an extraordinary amount of pain.  Quitting drinking itself will not be enough.  It won't make my other problems magically go away.  I still have anxiety and depression.  I've still harmed my relationship with my wife.  I've still led a duplicitous life for years lying about being hungover hiding the true nature of my addiction from everyone.  I know if I were to tell some people this they would think I'm exaggerating.  It doesn't matter.  For the people closest to me that have seen me unfiltered; a few of my best friends my wife my therapist...  They know how bad it is...I'm going back to therapy for depression and anxiety next week.  I'm also starting the process of finding a 12-step program that will work for me.  I'm going to go to a local meeting the monday after next that is geared towards non-thiestic folks like me.  I know there are lots of meetings in my area and that I have to find one that works.  I'm taking my recovery serious this time because it is fucking serious...It's going to be harder this time.  I can feel it in my bones.  I'm worried that my relationship with my wife might be broken.  I'm worried that I won't have alcohol to numb me from depression and anxiety.  I won't have alcohol to comfort me if I fail at work.  I'll have to own up to everything.
----------immediate responses--------

