-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/227mgg/had_a_tough_day_yesterday_and_heres_how_i_got/

I've been sober over 5 months now which amazes me. It was not easy those first days and weeks - I remember it vividly (orange juice really helped me with the cravings). If you are in your first 30 60 even 90 days just keep going! It got better each week. It's not always easy as I'm about to discuss below but it is worth it. ..Yesterday was a hard day for me. A number of small things had happened that just kept adding up. It had been a long week I had worked hard and yet nothing was going right. I called my AA sponsor it didn't make me feel better. She doesn't  understand the stress of my job. She doesn't know what it's like to be me. I just wanted to relax. I've earned it after a hard week! Is that such a crime to want to take the edge off?!..I thought about the bar I wanted to go to and the cuties I might try to pick up. I began to fantasize about my deserved night out and thought about how great it would all be. But I had the slightest of hesitations. Some part of me juuuuust wasn't sure if a beer right now as a good idea. That feeling was very small and many times in my life I have ignored it. But this time for the first time it made me pause. I was still conflicted but I decided I would go to my AA meeting. Afterwards I could make my decision if I would go have a drink...I went and heard three people share about their recent relapse/being in their first month. The one that stuck for me was the girl who had 8/9 months sober before she had relapsed on vacation. She spoke about how she felt fine having just 3 drinks and she wasn't sure if she belong in AA. Well I remembered the stories she had told. I have listened to her life since I started AA and I didn't have any doubts she should be in this program. I know I can't say if anyone is an alcoholic or not but I was surprised that someone who had spoken about their suffering and pain only two weeks ago could suddenly forget all of the problems alcohol caused. ..And then I realized that's what I was doing. It was never going to be one drink a bar. It was never as much fun or as satisfying to take someone home with me. The moments I have felt most alone were the times I was drinking in a social setting and not knowing anyone. Why did I think this time would be different? It was not fun to constantly lose my keys and credit cards in a drunken state. My life is better without alcohol and yet I came *that* close to throwing sobriety away for the illusion I could be charming alluring funny attractive with a drink in my hand - something that has NEVER been true in my drinking career. Everyone in AA has listened to me talk about my experience and they haven't kick me out. They could even relate to my stories with their own experience. I seem to belong to this group. I left that meeting grateful...I have another day today because I have had enough time sober to realize that life is better when I'm not drinking. I stayed sober because I paused to consider my actions and to realize I am fooling myself when I think about how wonderful my drinking is. I am sober again because I was reminded of how bad it was when I drank. And that's how I got through it. .
----------immediate responses--------

Great post!  Thanks...This disease is cunning baffling and powerful.  I like to think of my alcoholism as Michael Meyers or Jason Voorhees....whenever I get complacent and think I have dealt it its final death blow that is when it will suddenly wake up and attack again....
This is a terrific and encouraging post.  
After a tiring week we all become weaker.  Dealing with every day shit has been hard for me to deal with.  I have come close in the past but I have learnt over time that when i feel like that (tired and beat) I should hit a meeting just to get some clarity back.  I too seem to hear what I need to hear when I go.  Today I generally get plenty of meetings just to keep me topped up for those barren spells.  You did the right thing.  Well done!
&gt;the illusion I could be charming alluring funny attractive with a drink in my hand - something that has NEVER been true in my drinking career...Yep yep yep yep. This is such an encouraging post and congrats on five months!
Thanks for that! I recently let a hard couple of days get to me and I drank. I was taking half steps. Going to meetings and seeing my therapist. I never worked the steps. Then I crashed. I had no one to talk to. I didn't WANT to go to a meeting. I wanted to feel better and drink (I don't have to tell you how that worked out). Now I'm getting involved and I feel so much better...I have an AA friend who told me that when he fantasizes about a drink he remembers that most of the good times are made up. He was never TRULY having a good time drunk. That's just how he coped with his shitty feelings. I really appreciated/related to his insight and yours. Good luck to you! I respect you a lot for not saying "fuck it" to your tools. I did that and it ended poorly. I will remember your story and my friend's in the coming weeks.  Once again thanks you so much!
Have an upvote brother
Hey! Today i got my 4 month chip so I am pretty excited about that. However before this i was able to go dry for quite a while a year and some change and before that 28 months dry.....It was easy for me to not drink... it really was. However as I am reading what you went through i am exactly the same!..Everytime i relapsed it was because i was lonely on a thurs-sat night. I would hit up the bar with the best of intentions and cruise around for good looking fun girl... well the girls never came or I couldn't talk because somewhere along the line alcohol consumed me and that was my mission and id be there hammered by last call yet again. And the next time and the next time. ..Nothing good ever comes out of a bar and even though im only 4 months sober and lonely Id love to meet someone in AA. Its hard though but i just enjoy casual conversation with no expectations. ..Our disease lies to us and manipulates us to self destruct for reasons unknown to me at least.....Be well!
It sounds like you were able to take a step back and gain an understanding of yourself today and that you were able to see that drinking would set you back. Not only that but you mentally compared how the girl at the meeting described alcohol use in different terms at different times. It sounds like going to the meeting before making the decision was your way of evaluating what would happen if you went to that bar..
