-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22hhmd/for_those_of_you_in_aa_what_is_your_worst_step_4/

Throwaways encouraged. I'm struggling with what I "should" say and just need to know I'm not alone.
----------immediate responses--------

In the spirit of step three I came totally clean with my sponsor.  It wasn't nearly as bad as I'd built it up to be.  ..Lots of people find that they're not as good as they thought and not as bad as they thought. It's a humbling and liberating experience. 
Hoo boy go all out. There is nothing the guy/girl has not heard or even done.  People have confessed to everything in four steps and I mean everything. You're only as sick as your secrets so get it out. The toughest stuff is the stuff you need to get out the most. It's a tough ride keep us posted on how it goes.
If you intentionally leave something out you aren't doing it as it's suggested. ..If you want me to tell you I can PM you easy but I won't post it here on a public forum. Details like that are not meant to be shown off in a public setting whether it's a meeting a forum board or a coffee shop. Even if I post anonymously those types of details do nobody any good out in the open to bounce around like that. ..If you can't tell your sponsor something you do realize you are allowed to go to a doctor or a priest or a lawyer someone who is legally obligated to keep your confidence and tell them one on one? That's in the rules. Anything to get you to actually put it all down there. If you're thinking it and it's meaningful it goes down...Also don't ignore the part that is 'your part'. For me it was obvious what secrets I needed to share. It wasn't so obvious what my 'part' was in the gray area relationships of my life. 
Mine was about 20 pages. I wrote everything. ..I prayed and asked my higher power to make my writing a vessel... To guide me and let me know what to write so I could be of maximum service to him in the future. .Then I wrote my first column. Then my next. Then my next. Then my next. .Just like the book says...I prayed after every page to make sure I stayed on track...Disclaimer.. I'm an atheist but I believe strongly that there is a power greater then me whatever that means. Be it nature or what. And I pray because my sponsor tells me to and the book tells me to as well
Whips and chains are optional if it's your thing ok but most of us make more of it than it is really...Odds are it nothing that has not been heard before.      .and 4th step is just you and a piece of paper.        ..Also it is critical just to explore your side of the street.  ..And remember when you get to step 6 and "character defects" very often we have to put beating ourselves up and un-necessary guilt  on that list.
It is very helpful to read about the steps in the *Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions.* ..The fourth step inventory is also intended to include your positive characteristics. 
You should say everything no matter how bad.  If you are worried that your step 4 could land you in prison do it with a lawyer or a priest/rabbi/minister or other religious official.  These people cannot testify against you in court.
[deleted]
