-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22hw1v/so_frustrated_with_myself/

I just don't know what to do anymore. I've told myself again and again that I'd stop drinking but I just can't seem to do it. I'll wake up at 8am slightly hungover and tell myself "That's it that's the last time I do this. No more drinking. No more getting blackout drunk. No more wasting my hard-earned money on this poison". But it's a lie. Every day at 10pm I start to get agitated. The liquor stores close in an hour. This is my last chance to grab a bottle of wine... And I always do...To be quite honest drinking isn't my only issue. I also struggle with bulimia self-harm anxiety... But the alcohol only makes everything worse. I only binge and purge when I'm drunk. I only cut myself when I'm drunk. Drinking dulls the anxiety for a time but I only feel worse the next day when the full impact of my actions hits... I've wasted another night. I've wasted another $20 on cheap wine...I honestly have no excuse for being like this. I have a beautiful loving family and a boyfriend who's nothing but loving and supportive (none of them know anything about my drinking by the way). I have the job of my dreams make good money and own my own condo and my own car. I work for a small company and my boss and his wife are amazing people... They've helped me with with credit card debt that I racked up when my drinking and anxiety led me to compulsive spending... They've even offered to pay for me to go and see a psychologist on work time. They're so incredibly understanding and they've treated me better than I deserve...I'm living on the edge here... I have so many kind and generous people and so many beautiful things in my life and I know damn well that I'm risking them all. Knowing this only makes me hate myself more. Why can't I just stop? I have so many reasons to.. Why can't I just stop...?..I don't even know what I'm hoping to gain by posting here. It's late... I'm a bit drunk... I just want some support I guess? I feel so alone and so helpless right now. If anyone can give me a bit of encouragement or advice that'd mean the world to me right now.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Knowing this only makes me hate myself more. ..I don't think hating yourself leads anywhere constructive.  Forgiving yourself can be a lot more powerful.  Quitting is hard it usually takes more than one try and that doesn't mean you'll never be able to do it.  Why not take the help that has been offered to you?
I'm myself going through withdrawal incredibly badly right now (on hour 15 without a drink after drinking 1.5 bottles of whiskey daily ).  I know that "omg store closes in an hour" feeling.  For me it often was waiting outside my local cvs at 7am to buy another bottle..I understand the feelings of self loathing as I've had that feeling for my relapse after stopping for a month.  It is a vicious cycle though..You are a good person and your enemy is not you but alcoholism.  Remember that even when you feel bad for what you are doing..Posting is helpful to you and to others like me who are sitting on their couch unable to sleep shivering and sweating and the alcoholic in me feeling like it would be easier to just go to the 7-11 and buy a bottle..Instead I'll talk to you..edit:.One thing I'll encourage you to do is to not let it get as far as I did.  It does not get easier to quit as we keep drinking.  At some point you'd get up to two bottles going down a night.
Both /u/offtherocks and I were chatting with a new guy yesterday  and as I often do with new guys I lay out my basic advice for stopping drinking.  Frankly you touch on the first part of it--which is upon awakening you make a conscious and deliberate decision not to drink TODAY only.  By going much beyond 24 hours it can be too overwhelming and way too easy to justify just bagging it.  Our newcomer like you had real difficulty with just getting 1 day sober.  Here's the [Thread.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22g996/i_could_use_some_help/)  Look at the chart that offtherocks came up.  By breaking down the segments of time into smaller and achievable periods of time: an hour at a time a half hour at a time even smaller periods of time--try to ease your way through the day.  If you get to bed sober after one day begin again tomorrow.  Oh and get to a recovery meeting where all sorts of resources can be readily accesses.  Good luck and please keep sharing.
&gt;They've even offered to pay for me to go and see a psychologist on work time. ..I would ride this one like I stole it. Why have you not taken them up on it? The answer to that could be helpful in figuring out what's standing in your way.
