-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22j847/questions_about_moving_across_the_country/

Hey all..I just got offered a job interview in Portland and I currently live in Detroit (metro). I have been out of my field for almost two years and only have about two years experience. Theres a lot of things to consider about the potential move and sobriety is right there at the top so I thought I would ask for some advice and paint as good of a picture as I could...My biggest concern against the job is my sobriety. Right now I live near my parents and visit almost daily and live with a long time friend who is also fairly new at sobriety. I work a shitty deli job and struggle to pay the bills often needing to borrow a bit of money from my folks to pay rent. Overall I feel very strong on this stint of sobriety. Now that the weather is warming up I am outside on my mountain bike a lot and in the gym looking forward to hopefully the first summer I can take my shirt off and not be embarrassed (not there yet but I am happily progressing). I will say that what is working for my sobriety now is not attending AA. I didnt like it it did not make me feel better often worse and I felt a lot of pressure in the program that I feel was counter intuitive(biggest thing I've noticed is my anxiety is down significantly without it). I gave it a fair shake and love the people involved but it wasnt for me and I feel stronger in my sobriety without it. I still keep it as priority number one keeping active here with my roommate and just being an active aware person. I wouldnt be posting here asking for help if I didnt know how big of a deal keeping sober would be not only if I took the job but if I say no...Other factors are the job itself is not an extremely high paying job. Definitely a comfortable living wage more then I can survive on now. Being away from my field for this long I'm worried about having too much time away and in 6 months or a year I'm not sure I would be able to get back into it. I also feel a good amount of pressure from my folks to get a good job. The bottom line is I DO NOT want to start a career in Michigan. I WANT to support myself and be successful. I dont want to be 30 and still working this dead end shit job or even settle for a shitty desk job...Also PORTLAND..... PORTLAND! Is probably number 2 on my list of places in the US I would like to live in. The climate city culture and environment. I mentioned I just got a mountain bike well Michigan sucks in that regard and loses the climate battle. Also my background is geology so the thought of being near the mountains and the ocean is extremely exciting to me. Also not living in the Midwest is extremely appealing to me...Quick last note about sobriety. I have two ventures out of state (both in the Midwest) one ended in a drunken failure and another was easily heading there. Both instances was well before I had any handle on sobriety at all and still in delusions that it was normal or under control and before any extended stint of sobriety at all. I also am taking antabuse. I am confident that my resolve is much stronger but still very unsure about the totality of the move. If I go I am truly on my own. That's a challenge I like. For better or worse I have always tried to be independent which might be why AA did not work for me. It really pains me to be dependent on my parents at age 27 and it hurts my self esteem...I have the phone interview on Thursday to at least get some more details and time to stew on it. Thank you all for your support! 
----------immediate responses--------

How about this - if you end up relocating you're going to need to start filling your life with new people to build a network that will turn into a social circle...You'll have work for that but that's likely to be a very alcohol centric way to make new friends (just my experience - ymmv)...Why not try out some of the sober orgs just as a way to meet people? If you already know it's not for you I still think it could be a good way to seed your new life with non-drinkers...Disclaimer I don't do AA and I moved from Germany to the US when I got sober and I'm basically a recluse.
Good luck with your interview--I just moved to Portland about 5 months ago and love it. It is an alcohol-centric city but I have managed through common interests (the best way to make friends around here IMO) to make friends (actual friends--not acquaintances) and none of them care at all that I don't drink. .Let me know if you need any info on what part of town to live in etc. 
I made a pre-planned move about two months after getting sober relocating several states and a few hundred miles.  I went to a few online SMART meetings while I settled and it helped me over the initial hump while dealing with the stresses of moving...If Portland makes more sense due to your interests and aspirations - I'd say go for it.  Try not to move in with anyone whose life revolves around the drinking scene.  Stay busy.  Make sure that you maintain good and frequent communication with family if they're a support system for you.  Good luck!
I am in a similar situation so I thought I would share my two cents...I am from Toronto and moved to the Canadian midwest to find work in my field. Living alone my lifestyle quickly descended into a pattern of alcoholism. But the positive side is that during this period of my life I realized I had a problem...After a year of falling off the wagon and climbing back on I am finally in control of my drinking. I have more than two months of sobriety under my belt now and things are starting to look up...I came pretty close to losing my job once or twice. Thankfully God looks after fools and I still have my health and a career even though my love life and personal relationships could be better. ..What I am trying to say is that if you want to stay sober it shouldn't matter where you live. I know my problems have followed me whether living alone or with my family. The only thing that has kept me sober is myself...The fact that you say you feel strong in this stint of sobriety is a good sign. And if having a job you love is important to you I say go for it...By the way I am also in my 20s and have found AA to hinder rather than help my recovery process. I am proud to say I did this on my own...I hope you get the job in Portland and manage to live in a way that makes you feel proud and fulfilled. Best of luck.
