-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22p9x6/the_reception_is_dry_because_the_bride_is_a/

Weddings used to be one of my favorite occasions to attend. Two words: Open. Bar. I have gotten hammered and torn up the dance floor at many receptions. The idea of a dry wedding reception was absolutely perplexing. "Who would want to go to THAT?" Absolutely didn't see the appeal...Now two big things are happening in 2014: I'll have two years sober and I'm getting married. ..Two years is a good chunk of time but I don't feel so far removed from my awful struggle with alcohol that I feel 100% comfortable with people getting tanked around me. My fianc  does not drink alcohol either - he was never a big drinker but when I decided to get sober he decided he would too so I never had to feel alone. When it came time to start planning the reception I decided to make it dry. At first I really worried. Will anyone have fun? Will people still dance? Will my wedding reception be remembered as "that one really boring one?"..But everyone says the bride gets what she wants and what I want is to be comfortable and have fun on my big day. Because unlike other situations where people are drinking around me where I can leave when I get uncomfortable I can't exactly peace out at my own wedding. All of my friends and most of my family know that I'm in recovery. The grooms' side are less in the loop but his friends know I don't drink anymore - though most do not know the long road it took for me to give up the habit that was killing me many do know how drunk I used to get. And I don't think it will take much to piece together...One thing I've had to remember is that I *needed* alcohol to have a good time because I'm an alcoholic. But I'm willing to bet most of my guests can stomach a few sober hours more than I could and my hope is that they'll be satisfied with a lot of good music good food and good company. Plus we save a lot of money not only on drinks but on security - nearly every location I researched requires you to pay for added security or a damage deposit if people will be drinking. ..I had to put this here because I'd been thinking a lot about it. I'm happy to be a sober bride and I have to do whatever it takes to stay one even if some people may not like it. In the end I like to think everyone who attends is there because they care about my fianc  and I and will be happy to share the occasion with us even if they have to do it with a sparkling cider toast. ..Thank you all for being here and get another day.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you!  Hooray and congratulations on your upcoming nuptials!
This is awesome!  I really admire your strength and conviction.  Congratulations!
Very smart choice...if you don't plan than you plan to fail. Congrats!!
I had a dry wedding since both myself and my husband are sober. The only difference between a wet and dry wedding is that people tend to leave a little earlier. All the people that stayed at my reception after the meal speeches and cake cutting were other sober drunks and close family which was special for me. More room on the dance floor!
Congratulations on two years &amp; your engagement! I have a suggestion that may help. Have an early wedding maybe 10a or so then have a short luncheon type reception. Your toasting beverages could be something unique like sparkling raspberry lemonade. Your guests can't really expect you to have an open bar at 11:30am. Then rest up &amp; take your close friends to celebrate later in the evening. .
This is the best post I have seen in a long time. I admire your commitment. ..Congratulations on your nuptials and your sobriety. What a great combination.  We hear so often about how hard it is to even attend a wedding sober but to throw an entire sober wedding takes real courage and commitment.  Please come back and tell us how awesome it was.
Big congratulations for so many reasons...Also as you mentioned you're going to save a huge amount on money (one champagne toast = $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$). Have an awesome honeymoon/other as a result...Weddings/relationships are no one's business but they're own. People should have the wedding they want. Anyone who complains about that shouldn't be invited. They're lucky to be getting an invitation let alone food/reception.
your life your rules - at least this time...you might make a box on the bottom of the reply card  for the drinkers     .( ) I will be requiring detox facilities  ..congrats on all of it
I applaud you on your courage to recognize the best choice for you and your future Husband and to stand by your choices in light of (misguided) societal pressure.
I've been to a dry wedding as a drinker.  In this case it was a born-again wedding.  It stands out in my memory as a pretty dire affair.  They only served coffee and melted sherbet that was served through a fountain.  Not even water...I would suggest having a wide variety of other drinks.  Non-alcoholic champagne.  Maybe NA-beer?  ..That actually sounds like a good time to me... everybody drinks but doesn't realize they're sober until it's too late!  You already had a blast!
good for you! Hope it's a beautiful day that you will remember ;)
I'm getting married in a month and there will be alcohol and I have decided that I will drink. I also have my bachelor party in a couple weeks.  I will drink then too.  I wont get wasted at either event which I am relatively confident I can avoid.  If I felt differently then I would abstain.  The important thing is that I remain in control of my life.  For me that means abstaining one day at a time and apparently exceptions for special occasions. Wish me luck! 
Wow!   You are an awesome person.  All the best to you and your groom!!
YAY!! Such a beautiful story and so encouraging. My SO at the time now has been reluctant to be supportive about me being sober in my recent fight. I see that through your trials maybe my gf will change her ideology as well. Stay strong and enjoy your special day! ..PS&gt;Worked catering for years and years my favorite event was a non-alcoholic wedding cause of the better food they could afford but the crowd was so upbeat and knew staying sober was so important to the couple! Good Luck
Congratulations and good idea. 
[deleted]
If I were to have attended this wedding while I was still drinking I'd have snuck alcohol in. ...aaaaaaaaaaaaaand here I am. ..Keep your eyes peeled. People are about to start broadcasting their alcohol problem...Congrats to you &amp; your fiance. 
Kudos to you! I think that's the most common question I get asked when people learn I don't drink... "are you gonna drink at your wedding?" "It'll be my wedding and I can toast with Dr. Pepper and all its 23 flavors for all I care". I'm surprised it's such a strange concept like alcohol is needed to christen the marriage. More power to you! And to find a spouse who doesn't drink either must be nice!
Props to your fiance for being so supportive in your recovery. It sounds like you both chose wisely :)
If you're worried about people not having fun I would suggest giving the guests something to do (besides dancing)...How about games roasting marshmallows over a fire a pick and mix stand or if you fancy something unusual maybe you could get some [miracle fruit tablets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synsepalum_dulcificum) and supply some sour/bitter foods and let your guests go nuts.
I think it's a good idea to let everyone know it's going to be a dry reception If you haven't already.  
It's your day.
I second the idea of a wedding earlier in the day. That way you also avoid any criticism or comments about foregoing the booze.
Keep up the good work! I think that this is a great idea. I know that wedding receptions are seen as a time for people to imbibe to excess but I think that your plan keeps the number one objective of the wedding first and foremost: celebrating the beginning of your new life with your spouse in the way you see fit. Congratulations!
Five years ago I had an open bar at my wedding and my biggest concern was not my guests or the cost of the drinks or anything that mundane. My concern was me getting drunk and embarrassing myself or waking up and not remembering my own wedding. Luckily I waited until I got home to get fully plastered but I thank my lucky stars that I didn't go too far like I usually did. Now that I'm almost two months sober I think what you are doing is awesome and I wish I would have had the strength then. Congrats! 
Awesome!..Yeah it seems like it would be hard and I imagine some people won't have as good a time. But f it it's YOUR day...I think I would make sure to have plenty of options for non-alcoholic drinks (can you rent those magic coke machine things?) and make sure the food is really exceptional...But yeah either way... those who care will be there. People who show up to weddings just to get drunk aren't worth your time. I say this as someone who used to show up at family weddings just to get drunk and who wasn't worth their time.
&gt;In the end I like to think everyone who attends is there because they care about my fianc  and I and will be happy to share the occasion with us..You got it. I know weddings have become booze fests and maaayyybe some people would be irked by the lack of alcohol... but most people are not problem drinkers like ourselves. It's not nearly as big of a deal to them as it would be to us...plus it's YOUR DAY..Congratulations!
Both my parents grew up Southern Baptist and didn't go to a "wet" wedding reception until they were adults. Where they were from people got married and then there was usually a receiving line in the assembly/community room with coffee juice and cookies. That was it. ..It was a pretty big deal for someone in the church to buck tradition and host a "wet" reception at some place else like a country club. It was scandalous and the talk of the town for awhile but now a lot more people do it. ..I guess it's weird for me to think that the opposite is a problem -- people being surprised by a dry reception. Guess it all depends on where you live / what kind of social circle you are in. 
I am also getting married to a non-drinker and I was a raging alcoholic. All my side of the family know but the groom's side is less in-the-know. Everyone knows I don't drink...That being said I thought long and hard about this and decided to have alcohol at our wedding. I am a believer that a wedding is basically a huge fucking dinner party. Since it's not in my home (an alcohol-free zone) I'll be serving alcohol. ..Why? I just didn't want a dry wedding. Most of my guests are older and I doubt many more than 10 people will actually 'get drunk.'..That being said I am having nothing to do with the alcohol part of planning. I have given that job to someone close to me who knows about cocktails and all that jazz. I did the math myself once and in my alcoholic mind the numbers were way too high. (But like 7 drinks an hour for 8 hours of reception and dinner and dancing...that's so much booze for 180 people! Wait Victoria people tend to NOT drink that much ya damn alcoholic!)..I admire your decision. The awesome thing about recovery is that we can make these decisions and stand firm by them!
Wow I'm proud of you for the level of self-control and maturity you're showing.  I think it's totally appropriate to avoid having an open bar at a wedding: it's YOUR day and if your husband doesn't drink then it's even more of a reason to do it how you see fit...Congratulations on the two years and congratulations on the wedding!
I think this is awesome! There will be some who are uncomfortable without the drink. I would have been while I was actively alcoholic. You'll be doing them a huge favor by illustrating their predicament (No doubt they won't see it that way). I know you your  fiance and family members will celebrate the actual event of love and union without intoxicants to take the honor and meaning out of it. Congratulations! You seem like you're living like you mean it.
Bottom line...It's you wedding and if you think that for one second that having alcohol there will negativley effect you day...DONT. ALLOW. IT. the people there that are your true family/friends will respect your decision and have a blast anyway....anyone who complains shouldn't be there. Congrats...Remember that it will be you and your hunny against the world.
Some people knowing or suspecting it's dry will bring flasks and add it to their drinks. (I'm from a southern town in a conservative area where receptions are dry for religious reasons and this behavior is pretty common). ..I don't know if that's something you want to encourage as long as it's not in front of you as a compromise but it's probably gonna happen no matter what.  ..Just be careful keep track of your drink and don't pick up a glass unless you are SURE it's yours. 
