-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22qedl/relapsed_girlfriend_now_exgirlfriend/

Yay. My life is in tatters. We are dividing up our possessions over IM and I can't stop bawling.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Time to gather your thoughts.  It is a lot easier sober.  Sorry for your turmoil hopefully things will get better.  Good Luck.
[deleted]
Drinking will not make this any better...but you know this.
Each relapse shows you exactly where drinking will take you. Whether or not this is the last time is completely up to you. You know what you have to do!
Hey.I was looking at your old posts and it seems like you have felt for a while that your relationship was in a troubled position for a while. It doesn't sound like you had a supportive voice to help you through sobriety and that sort of stress can lead to a relapse. ..I'm sorry that this is happening to you. I think that what you should try and remember as you go through this tough time that you have the power to decide when it is going to stop. If you are still drinking you can take steps to stop and find support that will help you heal and build on your past 90 days...You proved that you could do it before! Now you have the chance to surround yourself with positive voices and influences to ensure that you will stay sober. I'm here if you need help shoot me a message if you need someone to talk to.
I'm so sorry.  I'm in a similar boat tonight myself and I weep with you.  .I'm glad if it was going to happen that I was sober when it did.
I'm so sorry :( You know what you can do to make this situation better though? Not putting that alchohol to your lips. Talk to us cry is out go for a walk have a piece of cake. There are plenty of other things you can do. Times are hard don't make it harder by drinking. I've been there and so have many others here. You can do it! 
[deleted]
Is your life unmanageable? You just might be an alcoholic. There's a way to keep yourself in total remission from the ravages of this disease and you're participating in it now. Congratulations. Welcome.
Happened to me.  I lost someone I could have spent the rest of my life with.  The good news is you never have to do it ever again.  It takes work and it will be hard but you control your happiness.  you may even look back one day and realize she wasn't right for you. 
