-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22rom4/woke_up_feeling_guilty_full_of_regret_and_hating/

I woke up feeling all of those things. The shame of a relapse. Having to fucking start over. Letting myself down. Having to tell my loved ones. Fuck why did I do it...But then I thought for a second. I didn't. I went to bed sober. It was a fucking nightmare!..What a blessing and motivation that was. Now I know the feeling I'll have if I ever do relapse. Now I know and I still got to keep my sobriety! That's one heck of a freebie.
----------immediate responses--------

I hate those dreamsthey are dreadful.But the feeling waking up and noticing that it was just a dream feels good. :)
Yes your inner addict will use many tools to confuse and disturb you...But know you are on the right is now enhanced so once again you WIN.
Glad it was just a dream! It's especially great that you can take something positive away from such a feeling of shame! I'm up after only a few short hours of sleep thanks to nightmares. This particular one had me taking a verbal and very physical beating from my brother who has always hated my alcohol abuse. I'm still reeling from it because it very well could / should have happened in real life.
I love seeing the way my instincts have changed over time. Dreams like this used to really mess with my head but the last time it happened it was a completely different experience. ..I had a drinking dream or as a friend liked to call them a "wet dream"(I had to explain to him why it was funny). When I woke up I was convinced I had taken a drink. In those few seconds before I realized it was just a dream my first thought was that I needed to get to a meeting. 
Congratulations on 5 days a solid start.  Keep that in mind this is a process of starting a new life.  Treat yourself with respect and those around you with compassion and you'll find one day that you won't need to look back.
Hey /u/DavidARoop congrats on nailing down these 5 abstinent days.  
DUDE! I was about to post the same thing! I am on day 5 too! I remember feeling so much regret half way through drinking in my dream and then I woke up very confused and realized it didn't happen. So much relief... 
Good morning! I had an uncannily similar experience last night. I must have thought about drinking a hundred times just for that effortless happiness and relaxation at the end of a long busy day.  But I didnt!..Now lets not either drink today as well!
Oh that nightmare is horrible.  That feeling along with remembering how *horrible* days 1 and 2 are and never wanting that again motivate the hell out of me.  
Spot-on! One of the current theories regarding the function of dreams is that they effectively act as a "dress rehearsal" for encounters in real life especially with regard to potential harms ("threat simulation"). In this sense as you note your dream was really quite awesome: you were able to "experience" the horrors of the aftermath of relapse without having to actually relapse. One heck of a freebie indeed!
I'm sober in my dreams now too. Pretty funny.
I very rarely remember my dreams but occasionally I wake up with a headache and I have to ask myself if I fell off the wagon. 
i have a drinking dream probably once a week still. that sweet relief when you realize it was all just a dream...
Ah the good ol' drinking dream.  Yes they scare the crap out of me too.  Someone else here on SD said it's a good sign you're having them it means it's in your thoughts and that it matters.
