-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22s2gf/one_day_at_a_time_one_hundred_times/

Alcohol has interfered with who I am what I love and the person that I want to be. I struggle with alcohol. I am 100 days alcohol free. Tomorrow I hope to be 101 days free...Despite the many great things in my life always I turned my back on it and its responsibilities. Like rippling water my bane stopped for nothing. Guilt followed me. The fog and cloud was my shadow. Sometimes with others but always alone I cracked the bottle. Life was good again. Guilt was gone. Only for a short time until next time the buzz would fade and I would play catch up against myself in a race with no end. With the race being run at full speed I fought with my wife ignored my children lost good friends and waded through the bog of depression. 100 days alcohol free and I can figuratively and literally see much more clearly and say that life is better. Level up: money time energy memory peace. I can see that my arrest and the failure to control my anger were not other people's problems. I can see my children smiling and laughing. I can laugh with them. That is happiness...I chose to take back my life. We choose who we are by our actions. Thank you for the help. I am very grateful for this subreddit. Let's get one more day one hundred more times. And then do it again..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! Great post thanks for sharing!
Woot woot! Great post. :)
+1 so many congrats on 100!  It inspires the newbs like me to see these stories as we go through rough times and the transition to sobriety.  Thank you.
Well done and well said!!! Congratulations on 100 days and here's to infinite more (... but just one for now).
congrats celebrate with Bacon..If you could chose....Choice is a funny thing
Excellent choice. Grats on 100!
Love this! Congrats on making it to 100!! Here's to 100x100 more!
Congrats!
Isn't it great?!  You have the same quit date...nay START DATE! as super8manserg who also has 100 days!..I can see you're going to keep this up and I know it will just keep getting easier!.. 
