-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22ykg6/ramblings_of_a_one_year_old/

One year ago today I was lying in my bed with a horrible hangover.  It was past noon.  An empty bottle of wine (the third from the day prior) was hidden in the closet nearest my bed.  My teenage son was coming in to check on me.  He had returned from surfing all morning and was heading out to basketball and wanted to make sure I was "alright".  I had told him that I was sick. "Must be a flu bug or something".  Again.  I was doing a little surfing myself that day through reddit trying to find a way to amuse myself too hungover to sleeptoo hungover to get out of bed.  Again. .. .I was reading /r/askreddit when I ran across [this comment] (http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1c9rrw/what_is_your_biggest_regret_in_life/c9ef019) and BAM had an epiphany.  Again.  Only this time it was different.  Emmattack's comment struck a nerve.  I had since I was sixteen years old chosen alcohol over everything else in my life.  Access to alcohol dictated who I socialized with (and didn't socialize with) where I vacationed my hobbies my selection of partners my career my family my health my sanity.  Here I was a mom and successful career woman seemingly in control of my environment with a solid future and I couldn't make it through an entire high school football game or a night out at the movies with my family without a soda cup filled with wine.  I was very open about this even joking with other mom's who seemed to love wine as much as I did about our secret ingredients in our cups except towards the end.  In the end I  would drink only a glass or two of wine in "public" another four or five glasses of wine in front of my family after I got home and then say I was going to bed to "read" and knock back another full bottle that I had hidden in the closet.  Looking back I have no idea how I have gotten so far with this horrible monkey on my back (I drank and drove all the time even with my child in the car...simply shameful) or how much further I would have gotten if I would had succeeded on any of my earlier attempts to stop drinking.  It is a miracle that I did not kill myself my son or anyone else.  I try not to dwell on the possibilities.  I am sober today as I was a year ago today and life has improved tenfold....My course for sobriety?  ..1.  I went to some AA meetings.  They helped alot.  I went once a week just to recharge my batteries.  Problem is I don't do well with structure so I did not do the steps. After awhile I felt like an imposter so I stopped although I know I would have been welcome to keep attending and just observing.  I saw so many people benefit and grow through the meetings I would still recommend it to anyone especially early in sobriety.  I know AA will always be there for me if I begin to falter...2.  I firmly decided to "not drink" each day instead of trying to wrap my mind around a life without alcohol.  I did not concern myself with how I would handle Thanksgiving or my class reunion or all of the Christmas Parties that I must attend as  part of my job.  I was just going to "not drink" today.  I would deal with Thanksgiving (or whatever) when the day got here not one minute sooner.  It is how I arrived at my user name.  If I ever let myself wonder when I would "get" to drink again I had my answer just by looking at my name. ..3. I refused to think in terms of "I am trying to stop drinking" (sort of an extension of point 2).  I only thought in definite terms.  I do not drink.  I am not drinking today.  Fuck "trying" not to drink.  I got this.  At least for the next 24 hours...4.  I had a plan for situations that I knew would be hard to get through.  I made up little head games to get through tough times.  I convinced myself that all alcohol was poison and that ingesting just one drop would kill me dead.  When I finally got around to socializing (I hermitted up for about 30 days) I would be amazed to watch people sipping what I considered battery acid and not drop to the floor writhing in pain.  I convinced myself if I took one sip JUST ONE SIP that is the effect that alcohol would have on me. I always had an exit strategy to any activity even work.  Before I put myself in a situation where alcohol was readily available I knew exactly how I would get out of the situation if my commitment began to waiver.  This often meant driving myself to events rather than going with friends or family but so be it.  I needed my own car so I could leave when I needed to.  I also made little deals with myself.  When the cravings were almost unbearable I would promise myself if I could get through to the next morning I would give more consideration to allowing myself a drink.  I kept the deal.  I would not drink that evening despite the strong urge and the next morning I gave serious consideration to allowing myself just one drink as promised.   Only by then the craving was gone so each time I would decide "not today Jozee".  ..5.  I read an posted a lot on here.  I still read this subreddit every day. I promise myself to post  more but am not as active as I should be.  I am working on that...6.  I participate in the IRC chat room.  It has helped immensely to keep my motivation strong and I have made wonderful internet friends...7. Finally I discussed my addiction openly and candidly with my teenage son.  I didn't do that until about ten months in but it has deepened  my commitment to remain sober and opened his eyes to something that may be out there lurking in his gene pool ready to attack....What have I gained? .I have my life back.  There is nothing I can do to get back all  those lost years but I am making every moment count now.  I have respect from my son and am no longer a source of embarrassment to him.  I have respect from my peers at work.  I respect myself.  NO MORE SELF LOATHING: this in itself is worth the price of admission.  There is so much more but I have gone on long enough....You  old timers thanks for helping me get here.  Your patience with my questions and comments (which I now realize are posted here almost verbatim on a daily basis) is nothing short of remarkable.  Your unwavering support is why I am still here and still sober.  ...All of you newbs there is absolutely no reason why you can't have what I have.  Stop BSing  yourself and get to work.  You can have fun and be sober you can have friends and be sober you will not die of boredom being sober you will not die of loneliness being sober alcohol does not cure anxiety.  Sobriety is yours for the taking.  It gets easier with time and there are resources galore when the road gets rough.  ..OK I am done.  Today is my 365th day of not drinking.  Think I will do it again tomorrow.  .TLDR: I made it a year without drinking.  Anyone can. This place is awesome.  Fuck alcohol....PS about five months ago i deleted my post history because I thought that I had "too much out there" about my struggle with sobriety.  I wish that I wouldn't have done that.  I am active on /r/stopdrinking but only my recent posts can be seen.  Just wanted to explain why I don't have a years history worth of posts in case you decide to check..[EDITED TO BREAK INTO SOME SORT OF PARAGRAPHS]
----------immediate responses--------

I remember you. If I'd stayed sober back then I'd have a year now too *sigh*..Congrats on a huge achievement 
Congratulations Jozee!  No more self loathing!
I won't drink today either.  Well done on your year /u/jozee Keep it up!
A-freaking-men.  Thanks for helping wrap up my night by giving me lift and a smile. ..Congratulations!! XOXO
Thank you so much for the detail in this post and congratulations!!!
You made it? An entire YEAR? That's AWESOME. I am so happy for you. And I am very happy that you shared how you did it. Well done!
Thanks for sharing your story. That is incredibly awesome!
Good Job My friend [Keep it up.](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/ilt.gif)
\m/_(-_-)_\m/   JOZEE YOU ROCK  \m/_(-_-)_\m/ 
Congrats on the 365!  I know you had some ups and down but you made it and I never doubted you.  Your plan and mine seem very similar although I never thought of alcohol as acid more as a plague or something that could spread onto me.  You aren't going to be one of those people who gets a year and disappears are you?
Well done you!!
&gt;All of you newbs there is absolutely no reason why you can't have what I have. Stop BSing yourself and get to work. ..Thanks and congratulations!! I love posts like this!
I really like your approach to not drinking. I also don't do well with structure and if I decide to quit drinking I think I'd model my sobriety after yours. Fuck yesterday worry about tomorrow tomorrow. Today is what's in front of you. I think setting long term goals would lead me to think "Fuck it I can drink today. Tomorrow I'll straighten out."..Congratulations on your year of sobriety.
Such a great post.  Thank you for sharing your experience!!
