-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/22zbrz/reasons_for_drinking/

First off I hope hope that this post is not unwelcome here. I'm not yet in recovery but am seriously thinking about it and have been lurking here for a few weeks. Your posts have been helpful contributions toward me deciding to stop drinking. I don't know what I'm looking for in terms of a reply. Thanks for the  opportunity to vent if it's acceptable. If not please feel free to delete it immediately...Why drink?..- Eases feelings of anxiety for the short term at least...- Familiar and comforting. It's what I do (cognitive bias familiarity)...- Social interaction. While I don't "interact" much the few sentenced of the small talk I have with a bartender is most of the interaction I have with others each day at this point...- Passes time when I am bored or don't feel like I have the energy or focus to do something productive...Why not to drink?..- Distorts time and experiences e.g. being in a constant fuzz and not remembering where I was and when. Every day rolls into the next. Last year feels like yesterday. Yesterday feels like it didn't happen...- Missed opportunities. Anything I do drunk is lost in terms of experience and creating memories. I might watch a movie play a game or have a conversation with someone but it doesn't register properly in my long-term memory and is mostly lost the following day. Opportunities are lost the next day too when I sleep in to get over a hangover rather than doing things I need or want to do in the morning...- Monetary cost. Craft beers and shots are expensive...- Physical health both long term and short term. I'm cutting years off of my life with potential for psoriasis liver disease etc. There's also the weight gain from heavy beers and bad choices like binge eating a large take-out or delivery fourth meal after a night at the bar. Being hung over kills my drive to go for a run or lift at the gym the next day. And I smoke heavily when I'm drinking...- Embarrassment. I know the local bartenders can see that I'm a drunk. It's especially embarrassing when someone will say "Beer X and shot Y right?" And I don't remember having ever ordered from that bartender before though I obviously have...- I feel particularly out of it after a night of drinking and it's tough to shake off. Feelings of depersonalization are common for me. It takes about 2 hours of intense exercise to shake that and feel like I'm myself again and I don't usually have the time or energy for that after a night of poor sleep. It leaves me feeling and acting awkward and uncomfortable which contributes to anxiety and the cycle...Here are some ideas I have for countering the reasons I drink...- Learn to accept uncomfortable feelings like anxiety and let them pass. While I'm not spiritual or religious a lot of Buddhist concepts like meditation apply here and seem relevant...- Breaking the cognitive bias of familiarity. Start doing other things instead of drinking to displace drinking as the default activity...- Find some healthy social opportunities like AA or SMART meetings for alcoholism or Meetup groups for my interests...- Find things to do instead of drinking. Make a list of activities like playing the guitar or piano...I feel like I have a pretty good grasp on why I drink and what steps I should take to stop and replace drinking with more positive activities but I'm still struggling with taking these steps and sticking to them. Any feedback is appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

It certainly seems like a pretty rational objective weighing of the benefits/drawbacks. For me the Pros kept dwindling and diminishing while the list of Cons continued to increase in size and intensity. Yet even then I had difficulty. This seemed so illogical to me...I soon found how much importance I placed on emotional comfort but was going about it in the wrong way (in the long term). This focus of artificial emotional comfort made me stagnated and greatly inflexible to breaking out of my rut to go pursue my life and my dreams. ..I found a lot of answers in AA. AA kind of brought the solution together for me in one convenient package. There was always a *part of me* that wanted to do the right thing but I needed to get that up to *most of me*. One key for me was focusing on action. My thinking was already changing for the better but I needed to take real and significant action. So I mustered the energy to put my feet in motion and got to that first meeting. I came as a "student" but I kept coming. Then I started making all these interesting friends that I wasn't looking for. ..Got to say those friends (and eventually a sponsor) really motivated me. Like a merry-go-round at a park the hardest thing to do was to set it in motion. But once it's spinning you just have to give it a little shove here and there to keep it going. My daily program keeps my merry-go-round spinning..
I am just like you 2 days from my last drink. I've been researching blogs support groups books etc. for weeks now..The 3 of your reasons to drink is applied to me to. All of the causes and then some for the reasons of why not to drink..I couldn't yet to find an activity to distract me and stop the feeling of boredom. Maybe swimming cooking I'm juggling through ideas..And also I coudn't find the solution for how can I contiue to see my friend without drinking..Any thoughts on that?.But I've totaly agree with you the key is reshaping you thought process.
Under your reasons not to drink you might consider adding: ..Known to cause mild to severe mental illness...Known to cause severe impairment of judgment leading to life altering legal consequences.
I never really needed a reason to drink just did it...Been shown may times but rings true.....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll6GxYVJcuo
Buddhist here in recovery I highly recommend the book One Breathe At A Time Buddhism and the Twelve Steps by Kevin Griffin. ..I admit it was mostly me that got in the way of my recovery but so was turning my will over to God...Regardless of where you are with your drinking it is a very good read that puts things in terms better understood and adopted by those who have a belief structure that doesn't include a supreme being. 
