-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23094i/some_support/

Hey there wonderful people of stopdrinking. I've been lurking for awhile now and decided I needed to make a post...I could use some support and advice. I'm finally coming around to the idea that I have a problem with and dependency on alcohol. I've been struggling for awhile and I don't drink during the week anymore but I still seem to lose control over the weekends. I hate it. Every Monday I feel like a giant failure and worthless human being...I've been to a few meetings and they help but I haven't been able to go alone for some reason and I hate asking for help and support. The past few times I have asked for someone to go with me they had to cancel for one reason or another and I don't want to repeatedly ask...I don't really know what I'm trying to say. I just wanted to get this off my chest and I just don't know how to get the help that I need right now...Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

You should not hate asking for support especially here.  .If you are in the position of trying to figure out if you have a problem with alcohol you do have a problem with alcohol.  It is good that you have tapered off of drinking on weekdays that will make any recovery you decide to start much easier..I wish you luck and hope you find the strength to take that next step.  We're here for you.
Welcome /u/silentdrunk --you're among friend.  Let us know if you need specific advice.  Please keep sharing.
Similar story I've been lurking for just under a week. I've tried to stop so many times before and gotten to the week point and would think *see I'm in control* and go at it again..My weeks almost up but I can tell this time it's different all during the week I've thought *just one or two im doing well* yet from lurking alone I feel like im letting everyone down yet know one knew anything about me. ..What im trying to get at here this place helps in so many different ways. I enjoy sitting in the irc chat too. 
This is a great place for support.  In fact it can be easier to get good feedback / answers / support than in a meeting (not having to do it in front of a lot of people in person etc.).  ..I had some similar problems with meetings too.  What has worked for me is establishing a set routine of which ones I go to.  Even when I didn't socialize too much I learned a lot from listening and becoming familiar with the regulars at each meeting.  Over time (a few weeks or month) I became more comfortable going to those meetings and with the people there.  ..Hang in there and keep posting.
[deleted]
