-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/230xxm/first_step/

I don't know the exact point where I lost control. I don't know if anyone does. I remember the warning my father gave me.  It's a slippery slope.  I shrugged it off because in my mind there was no way that I would lose control. I was too smart  I would recognize the problem before it started and through will power and determination I would simply quit. No big deal. .It started off in the typical college fashion. Drinking during Friday night and then spending the next day curing hangovers with friends. Building bonds through mutual struggles. Hangovers were like badges of honor.  It means you had way too much fun last night.  Stupid in hindsight but it was justification for acting like idiots. We had tricked ourselves into thinking getting drunk was earned through the hard work we were putting in during the week. In fact I thought it was making me a better student because I would work harder during the week so that I could spend my weekends getting loaded with friends. .Somewhere along the line I lost control. I think it probably started around last year this time. I had gotten into a little trouble with the law and realized that I should probably quit. As you can see it didn't go well. After each relapse I began to drink more frequently and in greater volumes. Blackouts became regular almost expected. A very scary occurrence. My tolerance is so high that I need to drink to the verge of my brain shutting off just to get a buzz..Fortunately I haven't had any huge negative impacts from drinking so far (Aside from my police record). I just got an offer for a very good job which will get me out of a job that I have been loathing for some time. I would say the biggest negative impact that alcohol has given me is complacency with non-action. For the longest time I have been a planner not a doer. I have planned to start a business. Never did. I have planned to go to the gym. Never did. I have planned to eat healthier and cook more. Never did. I planned to start dating again. You guessed it  Never did. .The sad thing is I am an excellent  doer.  I graduated early with a great GPA. I am well liked at work despite being the youngest in the office. I have been in incredible shape before. I used to run a club that operated as an LLC. Alcohol is beginning to change all of that. Alcohol became my main activity after work and destroys any chance for productivity. I hate what I have become. .So that's the purpose of this account. To hold me accountable for my actions and to not only get the monkey off my back but to beat it into submission. Monkey brains are a delicacy is some parts of the world any one got any recipes? .In addition this subreddit I have joined a variety of other self-improvement subreddits. It's time to become awesome again. It's time to like the man in the mirror. It's time to be a doer. ..TL;DR: Alcohol is a whore. Takes your money then fucks you..
----------immediate responses--------

Great read!  Happy you are here.  This is awesome progress.  You may want to think of ways to hold yourself accountable outside the internet world.  For me it was AA meetings.  There are other ways if that is not your thing.  Good luck on your journey my friend!
Welcome /u/BuildABetterMe24 to /r/stopdrinking.  I hope you keep sharing as you go along.
Welcome.  Your story sounds similar to mine except I kept drinking all the way through law school.  A lot.  A whole lot.  I graduated with a great GPA and the shakes...Then I got my first "real" job and I got fired for drinking...at work.  I was trying to defeat the previous night's misery and I wasn't secretive enough lol.  I was 27 unemployed and the sole provider for my wife and 2 kids and it scared the shit out of me.  That was my bottom I guess...Quitting is possible; I did it.  But I never did it right until I got into AA...and what I mean by "right" is being truly sober which means more than not drinking.  It means being happy and not drinking.  It means no more cravings or compulsion to drink.  It means not being pissed off at the universe because I'm so unlucky as to be unable to control my drinking.  It means not being pissed off at my alcoholism but being grateful for it.  It makes total sense to me today but it was all a mystery when I started.  My pattern was to quit drinking then I'd start feeling better then out of the blue something (or nothing) would happen and I was drinking again...worse each time...I wish you the best and we love you already.  There is a softer easier way.
