-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/236ylz/diet_changes_after_going_sober/

I drank heavily (15-20 drinks a day) for at least 10 years but I generally ate healthy. Ive noticed since I quit drinking that I have been struggling with drinking sodas(used to be rare by themselves) and eating bad food. I never ever kept sweets in the house but now Im buying ice cream and what not. Im assuming its because Im not getting the sugar I used to in beer/jack and cokes and that its normal. Did any of you guys deal with this too? How did you learn to curve your cravings for stuff like that? Im working on my soda habit but I am seriously hungry like all of the time.
----------immediate responses--------

Well yeah.  You'll have this.  Replace all the sweets your buying with sweet fruits maybe?  It worked for me.  Kiwis bananas clementines etc.  As far as the sodas go a popular choice is club soda and lime (or other citrus).  Not going to get the sugar but it is very satisfying.  You just gotta not bring the stuff in the house but also don't be afraid to reward your hard work.  I like dark salted chocolate for a treat.  I hide them around the house like I used to hide pints of bourbon.  Still a "sweet" but much better than more junkier treats.  Good luck!
I found the MyFitnessPal smart phone and computer app a great assist in getting a grip on my intake and exercise which seems like it has fully addressed these issues.
You're right on the money that your body is craving the sugar it used to get from alcohol.  I've had those cravings too.  A couple things I've used that seem to satiate the sugar cravings are: greek yogurt with organic honey apples and oranges.  You can also have a little dark chocolate (in moderation) which is healthy for you.  
I try to allow myself one soda a day but I find that I'm not too successful with moderation. Surprise! I keep a big jug of water with me at work and I find that the more I do that the easier it is to stay away from the soda and sweets. Healthy snacks like apples and almonds help. It is completely normal to get the sweet tooth. I still have it and every time I quit drinking in the past I would go fucking beast mode at Dairy Queen on those M&amp;M blizzards.
