-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/237wwr/ive_had_some_bad_experiences_with_aa_meetings_and/

and it was awesome!..I started to be a real drunk in law school. I graduated a year ago and I knew I needed help but I wasn't ready to stop. I went to a couple meetings and they were awful. In the first one a guy ranted about how he knows people need help but he couldn't stand seeing young people in the meetings because it made him want to relive his college drinking years. I'm 25. Young to him apparently. In another one I sat beside a guy that reeked of alcohol. I didn't go back for a while. ..But this one... just wow. As soon as I walked in three older men shook my hand and asked my name. I didn't speak but I listened to people share and talk about how they wanted to help other alcoholics like myself. Everyone clapped when I got my chip and I left with seven names and phone numbers. I actually can't wait to go back tomorrow. I don't know when I'll start to share but it was a really powerful experience. ..I've struggled with being honest to my friends and family about the severity of my problem even though I'm sure a few have suspicions. But to be in that room full of people a good number even around my age (another thing I was hesitant about since my other AA meetings where everyone was 50 years plus) that came up to me and said they were proud of me was humbling to say the least...I know AA attracts a fair share of criticism and I used to be one of those criticizers but this group seems fantastic. So if anyone is lurking (like I used to) and is apprehensive about AA or had a bad experience give a couple different groups in your area a chance. You'll probably find one you like. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats and good for you!  I hope this is a start to a much better life...As a long time lawyer and longer time alcoholic here don't be afraid to use your state bar's resources for attorneys with substance abuse issues.  I won't bore people hear with it but feel free to PM me with questions.  Good luck.
The meetings are an anarchistic amalgamation of alcoholics. Some of them pull together some very good decent people for a time and some of them pull together sick people. There is no authority that sorts one from the other... which I've come to appreciate as time passes. There's nobody to tell me what to do just like there's nobody there to kick out someone because they smell like alcohol or tell somebody that he shouldn't share his opinion however unhelpful it may be...Just track down the good people and the good meetings and once you find some stick to them like glue. I'm so glad I was able to find some.
Good for you /u/startednov12013.  I'm a big fan of Alcoholics Anonymous personally warts and all.
Hey! I graduated from law school last year too!..I also started to fall apart in law school but especially during my third year. I guess I was nervous that I was ending school and I was drinking all the time in school so it was just a mess. ..I had issues with meetings in the beginning (I started working on quitting drinking last April) and got really turned off to it. It wasn't until I moved to a new city that I was able to give it another shot and feel good about it...Glad to see another recent young law grad on here it makes me feel like I'm not alone. If you ever need to talk you can shoot me a direct message. Keep up the good work one day at a time!
nice!!  Keep going :)
Take advantage of the meetings! Soak in the goodness! It's nice to be around others with the same challenges. You don't need to be a bible thumper. Take what you need from the meetings add it to your sobriety toolbox.
I'm a member of AA and have been for quite a while. I'd like to ask you to do me a favor please.  ..Can you call the people that gave you their numbers and just say thanks? See I have given my number to plenty of newcomers and never got a single phone call. Not one.  ..I know they would appreciate the call and you would be helping them stay sober by doing it. And that's what AA is all about one drunk helping another one to stay sober.  ..If you could see your way clear to do that for me I would be eternally grateful. Thanks.
First priority is your sobriety and everyone in there is on a path - a lot of struggle and pain...Be there for you and fellowship and if anyone gives you any issue just move away and avoid them...Many times id suffer in silence if someone near me was bothering me but it is perfectly OK and fine to get up and move if it benefits your sobriety just be respectful and realize your sobriety is the priority. 
 Wiley adaptation is my main survival technique but dogged perseverance has it's uses too! Good for you for coming back! 
My boyfriend (many years ago) got sober right before he started law school. It helped him immensely.  He didn't get into a prestige law school because of his undergrad drinking. But he did his best in law school and then took worked for free for a year at his dream job and after several years of good work ended up at a top law firm. Now he is a nationally known in his field of work has a lovely home beautiful wife and children (not me- but beautiful nonetheless)...Trust me that NONE of that would have happened if he had stayed on the miserable path he was on before quitting drinking.
Yes! This is why I (as a super-general rule) say that that somebody should try 3 different AA meetings before they give up on them. (There's more to that rule but Imma bow out as I imagine there are people who belong to the program with more wisdom than I)
A saying I have found to be true is "if you haven't been to a meeting you hated you haven't been to enough meetings". At one point I lived in a town so small there was one meeting a day and not on Sundays everyone there was court mandated no sobriety in a room full of people who had zero desire to be there.  Living there was a huge threat to my sobriety.
