-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/238w35/urges_getting_the_best_of_me/

A little background I have been drinking since I was 15 I am 22 now. I never really considered myself an alcoholic more so a problematic drinker. I recently got arrested for my second DUI I would get consumed by anxiety and turn to drinking if I didn't have pot that particular day I didn't have pot. I got drunk went to work got sent home by my supervisor and drove into a snowbank and got arrested. I have not drank since next week will be two months. The first couple weeks were hard a lot of emotions and no way of "dealing" with them but then things got better and I felt like I can do this. But now I've been really craving a drink and feel like sooner or later I will relapse. One particular thing that makes it hard is how my girlfriend treats it as a stigma she didn't invite me to a party she was going to because she thought the temptation would be too much but she did feel bad and admitted it wasn't decision to make. Also during the blood moon she wanted to get some alcohol but didn't want me to buy it for her (shes not of purchasing age spare me the lecture) because she feels weird asking me. I fucking hate how me not drinking is turning into this whole thing.
----------immediate responses--------

One of the things that held me back from changing my life for the better was my addiction to the struggle. I suffered because I was caught up in this 'life and death' battle with alcohol but it also became my identity. ..It was only be letting go of this identity that I could start to get better. Once that happened the cravings were no longer a big deal - I realized that it didn't have to be a 'whole thing'. I also needed to understand that the only reason cravings could threaten me was because I allowed them to. By removing the option to relapse from my life the was no more struggle to make the right decision. 
Wow she's going to parties and drinking without you? I am not one for relationship advice but with your situation I feel things will come to a head soon...If I was in your situation I would find a young peoples/beginner aa meeting. Just for advice and direction if nothing else.
Our lives are best lived without alcohol. The people who will be important and dear to us will know and accommodate this fact.
The reason I keep a circle of recovering friends around me is because I still get those crazy thoughts now and then - that a drink would be a good idea...Fortunately although my recovering friends are just as crazy we don't all go crazy in the same way at the same time and so we can pull ourselves back from the brink...Not drinking is for me definitely 'a thing.'  I have a circle of people around me some who understand some who don't.  I have learned to accept that some people just can't relate.  It's not a big deal as they also have things they are into that I cannot relate to either...The important thing is that I keep my recovery as first priority in my own head. 
