-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/239vsb/34_days_and_i_owe_it_mostly_to_my_wife/

There I said it. Go ahead and freak out...Yes I know I'm doing sobriety for myself and I'm working the steps for myself but there is no way I could have done--or be doing--sobriety without the support of my wife. ..She threatened to leave me due to my drinking and then made the appt and drove me to detox. She voluntarily stopped smoking weed in support. She attends Alanon weekly. But most importantly of all she's there every night to "check me in" and make sure I've not been drinking. That's one hell of an accountability. Oh and did I mention that every night before bed she tells me how proud she is of my progress...I know That _I_ need to fix myself. And I go to IOP and 5 or more meetings a week and am working the steps. But I also know that if I relapse the chances are damn good she'll leave me. So far that works. Whenever I bring this up the AA folks start to bristle and protest. While I know they mean well I say that not every person needs the same prescription. And not everyone is lucky enough to have an Elizabeth. Sniffle. ..Thanks dear...tl;dr: thanks to the wife for helping me get to 34 days!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for her!  And good for you!..I will say that I've heard countless folks over the years say similar things about wives children and others having just survived the disaster that is alcoholism--only to forget it all down the road in relapse.  Those that make it long term do it for themselves and NEVER take it for granted.  AA meetings and an AA program made all the difference for ME.
I'm with you TumbleSex69 my wife is the same to me...She had an ex-husband who went alcoholic on her about a decade ago so she's already been through Al-Anon.  She's stuck by me through my wasted years and now three recoveries...I haven't asked for a sponsor or anything because in reality she's kind of my accountability.  I could go downstairs and get wasted right now if I wanted (the alcoholic in me definitely still wants) but I know that she'll be next to me all day.  ..I'm not doing it for her but I'm definitely doing it in large part because of her.  I need to do this for me but having support and accountability living with me has been working so far.
Heh. You know what I say to people that are new? I don't give a shit about that whole 'quitting for yourself' trope. It's the people that *do the work* to change themselves that usually stay sober...My motivations were all kinds of fucked up when I was new. They had to be I was a pretty fucked up individual. ..Just keep showing up and doing the work and in my experience for me the work opened my eyes to new perspectives and from those new perspectives I could begin to want this sobriety thing for myself my future my integrity and my spirit...It's not for people who need it or want it it's for people who do it...That's my opinion; may or may not be 'correct' but that's how I feel..I've seen *so many* people come in and say *"Oh man I need to get sober so bad I'm gonna do it for myself this time! Lets meet up and do this thing!"* only to vanish after a week or two. These were people who  were homeless being sent to jail dying. It's not what you say it's what you do...Much love and take care.
Welcome.                                                                               ..Whatever or whoever gets a person started on the road to sobriety is acceptable as I see it. My children were one of the main reasons why I wanted to get sober. A boss wife child girlfriend or job can be a motivating factor and it can prod us into sobriety short-term. However once I started in treatment learned about myself  and alcoholism and began working the steps my focus shifted. I realized I couldn't put the burden and responsibility of my recovery on something or someone outside of myself. It had to be an intimately personal journey in order to move into long-term recovery. Eventually it was no longer a burden but a blessing. I had good teachers and learned and grew. I think this transformation happens to anyone who stays sober for a year or more. ..While it's ok to depend on your wife temporarily checking on you nightly might get tiring and feel kind of silly after awhile. Your wife needs to know that you are developing a support system outside of her and it sounds like you are. I wish you and your wife the best during this early fragile time. I can see why you are grateful to her.
