-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23awzm/probably_going_to_jail_for_a_few_years_to_anyone/

I recently had a horrible relapse where I became physical with my ex. This is not the first time it has happened and I was already on probation for the first incident. Since the relapse I have been doing all kinds of rehab programs and sticking to AA. My trial is coming soon and my attorney has already told me you are for sure going to spend time in a state prison it is now a matter of how much. ..In AA we talk about how this addiction kills and how it also can cost you your freedom. I feel so horrible for how I treated both girls especially since the second time I was blacked out and don't remember anything. I come from a long family blood line of violent alcoholics and in speaking to my father today I honestly had nothing to say to him. Alcohol has destroyed my life. I lost my future wife when I go away will loose my dream job and by the time I finish jail time will be returning to society with heavy levels of debt. Far too much to pay off for someone who is a convicted felon...I contemplate suicide everyday and every moment. I am just so tired of being mentally unstable in life I don't think prison will make me any better but will make me worse. I have cousins who have spent time in prison and they all come out worse off...I have about a month before my court date and am pondering what to do with my last few weeks of freedom. Cutting my wrists will be slow and painful jumping off a high overpass will be traumatic for my family and I don't own a gun so that is out of the question. I don't even know why I am posting this I never wanted to be an alcoholic I never wanted to have anger issues but I do and I am suffering the consequences from it...What is even worse is I don't think all this will make it go away. I have no faith in my ability to stop it from ever happening again and with that. I just cannot live with myself knowing a monster is inside of me that can harm others. I just want to stop the monster from hurting someone else again. It seems only through death do we part...
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Please seek help. You're talking a lot about suicide and that's frightening. It's not the only way to get things back on track. People in this sub have done stupid stupid shit and they have come back from it. ..Don't do that one last stupid thing leave the stupid shit behind! ..[Putting this here...](http://www.reddit.com/r/SWResources/comments/17gu7g/hotline_numbers/)
I never wanted to be an alcoholic either. Just like I didn't ask to be color blind or lactose intolerant.  No one gets to choose their hand in life.  We each have to play the cards we're dealt.  And as far as shitty hands go there are lot of people out there with way worse cards in their hand than alcoholism...When I was drinking I often thought about ending it all too.  I couldn't though. I could never do that to my mother.  Had I killed myself I would have taken a part of her soul along with me.  I'm not a murderer.  ..There is a guy here called /u/coolcrosby whose alcohol abuse led him to lose his professional license and end up in federal prison.  I'm sure he'll be by shortly to tell you about his experience.  Prison isn't the end of the world.   There will be opportunities there for you participate in substance abuse programs.  If you do nothing else while in there than throw yourself into that you will come out a happier man.  A better man...I thought I'd never be able to quit drinking.  I thought I was hopeless.  I was wrong.  If I can do it you can do it too. ..No one chooses alcoholism.  But together we can each learn to choose to stay sober.  It really does get so much easier.  Life really does get so much better.  It is so worth it.  I know you're struggling now.  I feel for you.   But hang in there man.  Don't check out until you get a chance to see that what I'm saying is true for yourself.  I wouldn't have believed it myself if I hadn't seen it with my own two eyes.
I take an aa meeting into a state prison near me.  With any luck you will have meetings where ever you end up.  It is a great way to connect and the steps help inside as well as out.   In the group I attend there are several who committed crimes they do not remember some of them are in for a very long time...It's no fun it is an alternate universe but you can do it and you can use the time to change so it does not ever have to happen again...Stay in touch let us know how it  goes.
Damn that's rough...glad I read it though. 
[deleted]
I'm just back from having supper with a couple of my sponsor-ees following my home group.  I sent you a PM and I encourage you to PM or call me tomorrow.  ..Going to prison after practicing law for nearly 30 years was--interesting. Like much of life we handle these things one day at a time.  I too was suicidal but my wife gently pointed out statistical information about the suicide rate among children of suicides that made that not an option.  ..I threw myself into AA meetings returned to counseling with my long time shrink and my life got better.  Wasn't easy but it is in my rear-view mirror at this point.
Think about how quickly a year can go by man. If your sentence is 1 year you will probably only have to do 6-8 months. Why not just see how this story plays out instead of killing yourself and seeing nothing but black and nothingness. The more people that commit suicide make it seem more reasonable for suicidal people to do it. You have no one that it will hurt if you die no one would care? Or would some people be devastated? Sometimes it can be a rude awakening when you fuck up your life to the point where you are forced to become a lower class aka a convict in your words deal with it and see how your story plays out is all I can say one day you might witness something so small but it will seem like the most beautiful thing you have ever seen because in the back oif your head you know that you could have made the mistake of ending it and never getting to see that beautiful thing and other things that you will learn to appreciate more once you are not in such a bad depressed state of mind.
Thank you for your words. We all need reminders of what has been or what could be if we stray. I was shocked at how low my bottom was it takes forums like these to share my story it is still so hard to look another human in the eyes and admit what lead me to where I am. ..Twenty years ago I married a man who struggled with addiction the irony of his death being caused by someone falling asleep at the wheel 100% sober after all the shit he mucked through to be a good husband and father still stings and truthfully most days I envy him. I am here for a reason the way I lived it is shocking I got out alive that reason must be powerful because I continue to live despite myself. ..I am a Buddhist and was talking with a monk about this phenomena recently he brought to my attention a reality I am surprised didn't occur to me and wasn't exactly encouraging.....he said that yes my presence was necessary for a purpose if not in this life my next. 
Please visit /r/SuicideWatch. ..
I thought my life was not going to be much worth living either. Man was I wrong. Sobriety turned out to be awesome for me. It didn't get better right away and it won't for you either it sounds like but it will eventually if you manage to stay sober in jail! Not everyone comes out of jail worse. I have heard lots of great shares from people who are way better off now who have been to jail.
Try to get your addiction in check.  You are not the monster - it's the drinking.  I had an abusive ex-boyfriend who would hurt me only under the influence of drugs or alcohol - but there was a good heart in there when he wasn't that person.  I know you are at a bottom now (and like others have mentioned please go to /r/suicidewatch or call someone) but it WILL get better when you learn to manage your addiction and YOU are not the monster - the substance is.
Shit man you are in the darkness. Like bottomless pit darkness. Man I have no help for you prison would make me consider eating a bullet.
