-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23d6ip/for_those_of_you_who_had_many_days_but_relapsed/

I ask for myself to remain vigilant in the future.  Thanks for sharing.
----------immediate responses--------

How:Last Saturday I reached 10 days.... I mistakenly thought I deserved a beer after completing all of last weeks goals.  I said to myself "I can control this and I am entitled to a beer."  One beer lead to two two to three three to four... After the finishing the fourth beer I received a call from my bud.  He invited me to a party bus.  I thought "what the hell lets go."  Went on the bus blacked out woke up Sunday still drunk and had a bloody mary to fight the hangover(THIRD MAJOR MISTAKE)  Ended up going on a bender all day Sunday.  The bender lasted until about 3am Monday I got seriously messed up and I missed work on Monday.   .Why: I wasn't honest with myself.   I am certain I cannot control alcohol but my self-satisfaction/cockiness overrode that logic.
I stopped going to my AA meetings.  I stopped working the 12 Steps.  After a couple of years of no recovery program I gave up 15 continuous years of sobriety.  I spent 7 years in relapse and I gratefully returned to the "rooms" in 2009.  
This is the first time I have been sober and fight the urge to relapse pretty often but I compare it to the many times I've quit smoking. After being miserable while trying to break the habit I would think I was fine with just having one or two (usually while drinking). I would usually then tell myself that I could bum from people as long as I didn't buy a pack on my own. Before I knew it I would buy a pack. ..I *KNOW* without a doubt in my mind drinking would be the same. 
Just had 40+ days and feel like a total failure. I told myself sometimes people grow out of it (I'm 29) and what a crock that was. Went out for about 4 nights thankfully nothing bad happened (Could have easily). I feel like crap am taking Niacin and vitamin B and C... Got back in contact with my AA friends. Hell even my bartender told me he thinks it is a good move and he told me he quit for 3 years for doing some crazy shit one night. I really want this and a great life I just find myself stop calling my sponsor stop going to the meetings and then... watch out world- Rhyno is back. Sorry for the rant. I need to take this more seriously.
I had been able to string together some weeks here and there. Nothing ever longer than a couple months. I relapsed because I wasn't changing anything. I was still just as unhappy with myself and just about everything else in my life except I wasn't drinking or doing drugs. I had a very negative perception of myself other people and just life in general. What helped the most was failing so fucking miserably so many times I was finally convinced that I cannot drink or use drugs and I'm unable to stay stopped by my own methods. I had to ask for help. I've been sober much longer than I ever have been now only because I take action every day. Working the twelve steps in AA and staying in contact with other recovering alcoholics has been the answer for me.
