-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23hdbt/really_screwed_up/

Was supposed to meet my girlfriend of 3 years' brother for the first time tonight at dinner.  Spent the past two days and nights working my way through two bottles of whiskey while they took a mini-trip out of town somehow fooling myself into thinking I'd be able to pull it together by Saturday night.  Had to be honest with her about why I couldn't make it to dinner feeling too shitty both mentally and physically after my little bender.  She knows I've struggled with drinking.  I managed to quit for about 5 months last year before slowly getting back into old habits.  A lot of my drinking since then I've kept secret from her out of shame and fear of disappointing her.  Welp so much for that huh?..I don't know yet how much damage I did to our relationship this time but I'm scared.  I don't even know why I felt so compelled to start drinking after quitting for so long before.  I lost 20 lbs started running saved a bunch of money got a new job...  Now here I am with my head in a fog wondering if I can quit like I did before but make it for good.....I don't know why I do this to myself...  It's never worth it...
----------immediate responses--------

I found that I every time I sobered up on "my own willpower" that my life started to get better. I took a lot of pride in all of the things that I could accomplish in a relatively short amount of time but I always felt like I just wanted to be normal or that the amount of time in which I was able to stay away from booze would revert me back into being a normal drinker. I used to think about all of the 100 different fears of mine that could come true every time I slipped up and drank again and so I drank more...I would recommend complete honesty with your loved ones and trying to find other people that are in a similar situation as you. I know that once I told people that I didn't really understand why I drank the way I did I started trying a lot harder to find out the real truth of it. I didn't really want to sit down and keep giving the same excuses over and over. I also found that none of my loved ones judged me too harshly either and didn't chastise me when I was the most vulnerable. What really worked for me was finding people who drank the way I did and had previously sobered up. I found a lot of these people in support meetings of AA. They let me know a lot of things I could never learn about my drinking on my own and they had a solution that I could follow to get better. I would recommend just trying a few of these meetings out. Since then I consider a few of them my good friends. Can't hurt can it?
Hopefully not too much damage has been done and a lesson has been learnt.  It took me a few goes before I admitted that I could not do this on my own.  I was like a time bomb before i got the help.  Nobody knew when I was going to go off.  I think this caused my family and friends a lot more damage than when I was always pissed.  They just never knew and either did I for that matter when it would happen.  Today it is not like that. Getting help was the bravest thing I ever did.  
I'm part of the early morning "crew" on SD and I just caught up with your post.  I feel for you...The answers are in /u/pittsburgh141992 and /u/rogermelly1 posts but I did want to add that the changes I needed to make after one of the types of blowouts you describe were not words of apology but consistent sober daily actions going forward.  I wish you well and i hope you keep sharing.  
