-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23oquv/it_feels_so_good_to_be_sober/

These past three months have really changed me. And I hope for good. The badge says 9 days but aside from last weekend's short-lived foray into moderate drinking I have been living my life without my old ball and chain.  It blows my mind when I think about how much alcohol used to rule my life. There was literally not one moment that I didn't think a drink sounded greeaaaat. Now I truly value sobriety. I mention this not to drudge up weird cravings in others but to reinforce that it is possible to make positive changes. It is no longer a (semi constant) struggle for me to abstain. I don't feel like I'm keeping anything from myself. I'm giving myself so many more positive things than alcohol ever gave me. ..That all sounds pretty cheesy and not helpful now that I read it but I'm on my lunch break and lacking the time to state what I mean more eloquently...Unfortunately alcohol is still a very negative part of my life due to family. Both my father (who I currently live with) and my brother are undeniably alcoholics. I need to look into al anon or at least get some literature. I struggle daily with not being able to help them...Anyone else here have alcoholic family members? If so any advice on not feeling so guilty? I just feel like if I said or did some magic thing I haven't yet said or done that I could get them to help themselves/let me help them. ..Thanks. Happy Tuesday. 
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe a little off-topic but I wonder how you could have been an alcoholic and maintained a job at the same time.
First off: Congrats! Very glad to hear you're doing well. :]..My Mom who lives with me used to sit in her room all day plowing through wine bottles. No matter what I said or did she had no desire to quit until she saw me struggle with my habits and fight to change myself..I don't think there's any magic thing you can say to get anyone to change. Actions speak louder than words and maybe once your family sees your recovery and improved lifestyle it will inspire a change in them as well. 
I love "cheesy" posts like this. :) Glad to hear you're doing well. Keep on spreading that positive energy!..As far as learning not to feel guilty or responsible for your family's alcoholism I highly recommend Al-Anon. Unfortunately there are no magic words or actions that can make other people get sober.  
&gt; There was literally not one moment that I didn't think a drink sounded greeaaaat. ..That was what grabbed my attention at that very first AA meeting when old Bob T. shared his "experience faith and hope."  I didn't relate to his wild life coaching a major college football team in the 1940s or living under a bridge in the 50s but when he said that when he was NOT drinking he was thinking about drinking and that drinking made many of his decisions for him without him even consciously recognizing it--that was me...I don't have a lot of insight into drinking relatives because apart from my non-alcoholic wife all my drinking relatives are dead.  Good luck with this /u/katlaish --I know lots of very successful recovering persons who do both al-Anon and AA.  ..Have a great day friend.
Congrats! Posts like this are very encouraging for me. Thank you for sharing!
I have them (alcoholic family members) too but don't live with them. My sister keeps asking me when I'm coming to see them (she lives with my Dad) but I just can't put myself in the middle of their shrine to alcohol as of yet. Ugh. I can't even write any more because thinking about it makes me head spin...You have done so well to achieve what you have - focus on your own sobriety - that's probably the only way you can "speak" to them.
Congrats on coming back and changing for the better! Hoorayy!..&gt;Both my father (who I currently live with) and my brother are undeniably alcoholics. I need to look into al anon or at least get some literature. I struggle daily with not being able to help them...I definitely identify with this a lot!! Both my mom (who I currently live with) and my sister are undeniably alcoholics. I (very recently) realized that just because you get sober doesn't mean anyone else in your life is going to magically decide to get sober with you.. it sucks but I have to accept it. ..That being said my actions are setting an example for them. Hell if *I* can get sober they can stop drinking too. I am showing them that there is a solution that works. They now have a resource in *me* of all people who has information about AA and meetings and /r/stopdrinking. They know where to go when *they* want it for themselves. That's the key right there - they gotta want it for themselves. My mom as drank alcoholically for years and years but she is just not ready to stop drinking. My sister is like 2 years into a relapse and she is just not ready to stop yet...Still it fucking *sucks* not being able to help them!! I feel a combination of pity and resentment. I do feel for them. It's my mom's 60th birthday and her face is all broken out for her dinner tonight because she indulged in way too much wine this weekend. She was describing to me how she feels all messed up and foggy. All I could say to her was "Huh that brain fog is NOT fun.. it goes away once you stop though." As much as I can (and have) tried to preach to them - it will not work. But it is to some degree setting the idea in motion. Or at least I am telling myself that. Sorry sort of rambling on now...Thank you for your post and allowing me to get some of this out. They gotta want it for themselves. You can't do it for them.. Just keep doing the right things for you!
