-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23pwpd/just_got_back_from_the_doctor_looks_like_i_have/

Hi long time lurker first post. I'm a 27 year old male who has been drinking very heavily since I was 16. About 3 months ago I started getting a weird "Tingly" sensation in my right arm and hand. I didn't really think much of it until a few weeks ago when I did some research online and found out my alcohol consumption may be a factor. I kept on drinking though until 4 days ago when I finally got the willpower to quit and to tough out the withdrawals at home...So anyway to get to the point - after detoxing I finally went to the doctors to find out what the hell was happening to my arm. At this point I had lost 80% of *all feeling* in it. Doctors say I definitely have nerve damage from the alcohol and it's permanent. Yay for me.....I'm writing this because hopefully at least one person who is struggling with alcoholism will read this post and realize it's not worth it. Keep on drinking and you may end up with damage that will never go away.
----------immediate responses--------

I have this too. I get it in my left leg mostly. It started out feeling like water was dripping on my thigh... When I was wearing pants and there was no water. Then it turned into feeling like my foot was falling asleep when I wasn't sitting in a positing that would cause my foot to fall asleep. Now I get little pinches in my toes.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcoholic_polyneuropathy
Crud. I've had similar symptoms crop up over the past few years and had always just assumed it was genetic (my grandfather and father had/have numbness in their extremities) or related to my work (lots of strenuous manual labor at times). Now I guess there's another possibility :/..Well at least it won't be getting any worse?
The wikipedia article offers some hope for improvement with alcohol cessation and improved nutrition. I urge you to consult a specialist for advice...Thank you for bringing this here. A lot of people who are still drinking and kind of on the way to thinking they need to make a change read this and you may well indeed help someone.
I had this in my left ankle and foot.  It went away though after about two weeks of not drinking even though the doctor also told me it was permanent.  Don't give up hope.
Welcome /u/Muslim_Acid_Salesman to r/stopdrinking.  I hope that you will continue to share as you go along and I really hope you will have some improvement in your overall health assessment.  I've seen many people recovery considerably despite dire assessments.  Good luck.
I had that. It was in both of my hands and feet 24 hours a day for several weeks after I got sober. It eventually went away completely with sobriety (surprise) although it came back much easier after I started drinking again. Currently sober and the tingling and numbness is gone but I know if I drink again that will be the least of my problems. I'm also a 27 year old male. Cheers. 
I'm so sorry.   It may well be permanent but who knows it may not be.  ..Stay strong stay healthy.   You are young and life is good.  
try Saturday night palsy....http://www.ncemi.org/cse/cse0919.htm. My left hand was a limp thing attached to my body for about 8 months. It was hell! Fell asleep (passed out) with my arm over the back of the computer chair.
I used to have some tingly sensations and occasionally a BZZZZT sensation that reminded me of the time I accidentally completed a circuit with my hand back in college. I don't remember when they went away but I added in vitamins to stave off the symptoms BEFORE I quit drinking (because that's the smart way to do it right???).
Wow have had small bouts of numbness in my feet past few years and sometimes I'll sleep w/ my arm under me and my arm will fall asleep to an extreme much more than it should be by just having slept wrong on it. Could easily see it being something related to this. Just another reason to pile on the "No more poison for me" heap. Thanks for this on the bright side you can stop yours from getting any worse good luck.
It sounds like you're genuinely trying to improve your life even with the difficulty of hearing news like this. It sounds like you're catching yourself before bigger problems develop -- I can't really express your situation in words obviously but I hope you keep with these changes!
I had seriously numb fingers on both hands for the first 8 months after quitting.  It slowly went away and I don't really think about it any more.  Occasionally comes back but nothing like as bad as it used to..
Very brave of you to share this with us. Thank you. Keep in touch. Welcome to recovery!
My father in law had it in his feet after a lifetime of drinking and even after he quit he said his feet felt like stumps. He said it was an awful feeling. I hope you maintain whatever feeling you have and never have any more alcohol related issues. It was generous of you to post this.
I'm pretty sure I was knocking on the neuropathy door before I managed to stop.  I remember waking up a couple times from a really hard night of drinking and my left leg and sometimes left hand feeling numb.  It usually went away after a few days but a few months back it stuck around for quite some time.  As long as I was drinking it never really went away completely but now that I'm almost 2 months sober I haven't had any numbness; all my feeling is back...Just one more reason in a very long list of reasons for me to keep at this...Best of luck I really hope you are able to recover and get that feeling back.
Read the Neuropathy Miracle Review to Know More About This Program by Peter Barnsby. The product is worthy or scam ? Guide that remove your nerve pain...http://neuropathymiraclereviews.com/
