-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23pz7o/tired_of_being_me/

I am tired of relapsing. I am tired of saying sorry. I am tired of explaining people why I am drinking especially when I don't really know the answer. I am tired of saying that I don't want to drink anymore but I know that I'm lying to myself I want but I can't. ..I feel like I am the only person on this world. I have so many nice and caring people around me but I feel lonely. ..I am sitting here and curing my hangover drinking massive amounts of water and just came back from a meeting. I love my sober life but it seems that I'm missing something what do I miss? I am tired. Tired of my sorry ass and tired of being me. I hate to fail and I hate to get judged I am now in this position and hate it! I HATE IT!...Sorry for the rant. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey yhelo have you considered or tried seeing a counselor? It might not be the answer for you but what I learned in counseling has been invaluable in many aspects of my life...I know I tend to be a hermit some times... even though I have friends and family not that far away and any number of people I could call when I'm in hermit mode I don't call and I know I feel worse for it...It can be excruciatingly difficult to overcome that inertia and reach out to real live people and make a connection but in the end it usually helps a lot with the loneliness...What are the meetings like for you? Is there anyone there you feel comfortable talking to or calling?..And no need to apologize for the rant. That's what we're here for.
I know that my feeling of 'missing something' was due to not feeling comfortable in my own skin - even when I wasn't drinking. I suffered a bit from self-loathing and there was this constant commentary in my head that was judging criticizing bullying and being generally negative about everything. I used to hate myself for it but I cured this by developing self-compassion. 
I may be wrong but I think many of us fellow alcoholics have that "self-loathing gene" for lack of a better term.  We tend to be way too hard on ourselves.  Like me I look in the mirror and see a big nose hate my smile hate the shape of my face hate my hair think I'm fat etc.  Yet poeple tell me I'm "crazy" for the way I think about myself.  Then don't get me started on my personality.  (Think I'm too shy don't know what to say or how to act etc)...Therefore I drank.  If I was out in public it made me more vocal and less socially awkward...well until I took it too far.  Made me forget about my problems...to a point.  But then I would have 1 or 10 too many and start hating even more things about me...Then the next day I would wake up and hate myself for drinking like that again...I'm closing in on 30 days tomorrow.  Honestly I haven't felt better physically and mentally in longer than I can remember.  Because I feel physically better it has made me more confident.  I'm starting to like the person I see in the mirror again.  It's amazing what alcohol even when you're not drunk can do to your perception.  And the one thing I'm loving right now are my eyes.  They are clear vibrant white (not blood shot and yellowish).  P.S....food starts to taste a whole lot better too another plus I've noticed...Anyway find whatever is in you to stop.  I promise you within even 2 weeks your mind will start being your friend again.  In 4 weeks you will feel awesome.  I can't wait to see what 2 and 3 months are like and then 2 and 3 years.  Best of luck my friend and please don't stop sharing or ranting.  That's why we are all here...
Sounds like you can't imagine a life with alcohol and you can't imagine a life without it. You're at a perfect place to recover.  I was just as if not more hopeless almost 10 months ago after a few relapses.  Hope is the message. My life has improved 180  yours can too
Yo dude your message sounds just like me 17 days ago. In fact 17 days ago I woke up and decided to kill myself. Mind you-	I wad on fucking vacation. I decided not to kill myself that day but had an 8 hour ride back home and spent  the whole time thinking. Here's what I came up with:..1) I didn't like me because I wasn't likeable. I didn't hold hardly any of the traits I liked in other people...2) I drank because I was bored. I was bored because I was boring. I didn't seek excitement nor adventure outside of a bottle...3) I wasn't moving forward in life. I was staying the same which is the same as going backwards...4) I cannot control my drinking and thinking I could was fucking lying to myself...So 16 days ago I began to change them and although it has been a short period of time I like myself much more now than I did 17 days ago. ..Why don't you try making a list?
