-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23rvp4/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going? Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!.Triumph: Health is back to 100%...Struggle: Some relationship stresses but we communicate so it's getting ironed out quite well...General chat: Goodbye snow!..Have a great 24 hours folks!.
----------immediate responses--------

Triumph:  continuing to accept that letting go is so much easier than being dragged.  ..Struggle:  my back is tweaked..General Chat: something that should help the struggle....my daughter and I are starting a yoga class tonight.  The studio is doing free classes for teenagers for the month of April and they are offering $5 classes for them thereafter!  ..Communication is so important to relationships so congrats to you and your SO that you can do so in a healthy way!
Triumph: Finally got the condo ready to be staged and put on the market. Need more space for baby vnads...Struggle: To quote /u/JimBeamsHusband "I got nothin"...General Chat: Haven't lost weight through my 6 months sober. I guess I was hoping it would happen naturally but it hasn't so I started working out last week. Never stuck to it before but things are different this year..
Triumph: Closing in on my "one year" mark. I can almost taste it. Getting back into the dating game after a string of poor matches and I actually bought my Mom a birthday card this year...Struggle: Drugs...General Chat: I have a new friend who I think should stop drinking - he reminds me so much of myself. I'm wondering if I should say something. We aren't very close. Thoughts?
Triumph: No booze for 17 days lots of energy paid 2013 taxes. ..Struggle: Feeling lonely at times and unfocused. Need to get a new girlfriend..General chat: I am turning 33 in 10 days. The goal is to leave all BS and booze in the past and act like a 33 year old should. 
Triumph: Live is awesome.  I've been kicking butt on the tennis court in addition to the Krav Maga gym.  I'm having a lot of fun and really enjoying life.  My wife is out of town this week but I always seem to book myself for many events when she's not home so it'll be quite busy for me.  I have no concerns about drinking while she's away.  It's just not something I do anymore...Struggle: I've got nothing...General Chat: We've been having some really nice weather lately near DC.
Triumph:  I'm ready for my century ride down to Denver of Friday afternoon...Struggle: Murphy is ruling my work world with electricity issues (2 blown PC power supplies). and getting tech back in to fix said issues this week...General chat:  I get to wear my new Friday shirts I bought last weekend. =-D
Triumph: Sober feel good sleeping well therapist is happy...Struggle: Couple of intercontinental flights coming up and a week in a hotel in Europe. Before I would have made some serious ripples in the wine lake...General chat: Have never drunk diet soda. Now suddenly crave Coke Zero. What's up with that?.. 
Triumph: Feel pretty good not pessimistic about the future...Struggle: Failing at one class at school for some reason I don't really care. Out of shape physically. Drinking too much coffee...General: Starting a great job with good pay next month. I think that's keeping me sane.
Would rather keep my struggles private right now but my triumph: I went to a friend's birthday party tonight and although it's only my fourth day sober I didn't drink! Someone even brought a bottle of my favourite gin and I was able to say no and felt great about it...Weather was lovely today and I went to the park before work. It felt amazing.
Triumph: 100 days. Boomshakalaka!..Struggle: saw a guy drinking beer at dinner and felt a slight temptation. Realised straightaway it was just nostalgia and ordered a watermelon juice...General chat: just read Gone Girl. Decent page-turning thriller would recommend.
Triumph: This is my third day sober (and now that BadgeBot's back from his vacay I have a shiny two next to my smiley face again - hey little guy! - whom I sincerely hope I don't ever have to see again)! Nothing else matters right now. ..Struggles: Bah. Everything else. I'm sick (and had to stop taking the meds the doc have me because of how badly they were affecting my mental space); I'm sore (and worried - it's in my right side. I'm young and my LFTs have always been pretty good but you bet I'm making another appointment with my doc in the morning); I feel like heck emotionally; I relapsed (it was "just a week" - yup a week I could have spent doing well *anything but relapsing*. And as ever here is your friendly /u/sybillbelle warning that kindling ain't nothing to mess with). But - as I said - *three days sober* and *nothing else matters*! ..General chat: I'm signed up for community college classes for next month! Bring it. :D
Early supper - off to prison meeting at 5 ..
Triumph: Still sober...Struggle: Not getting enough sleep... staying up too late trying to fix this but... last night neighbor across the street ringing my bell 2x at 11pm needing money for his brother's pain meds for cancer did NOT help me at all and my guilt for being annoyed made it even worse. Also been thinking about quitting two hobbies. Wondering if I'm doing them for me or not anymore...General chat: Blah humbug. I'll have more to chat about after I catch up on sleep. It's already too hot here. &gt;.&lt;
Triumph: I haven't drank in 10 days. That's longer than I've gone without alcohol in years...Struggle: Balancing work and school...General Chat: Took my dog for a walk on the trail I like and ran about a mile and a half of it. I'm still sore but that's what I get for not running when it was cold.
Triumph: 2 days sober and attended my first 2 meetings...Struggle: I broke my collarbone on a drunken bicycle ride 4 days before my birthday and I celebrated my birthday with a few dozen drinks and ended up blacking out and taking a piss on my bedroom floor much to my g/f's chagrin. It's been a tough week for me.
Triumph:  I didn't and won't drink today!..Struggle:  indulging in too many potato chips and not exercising..Plan:  hop on the treadmill desk tomorrow.  Who Hoo!  (Rats I posted it here so now I HAVE to do it! ). :)
Triumph: kept walking past the pub last night on the way home from work to the train station...Struggle: i don't know how/when to talk to my wife about it. now or after i've gotten a month down pat...General Chat: realising how much time i will have on my hands now which is both exciting and scary...Edit: ah crap. Just realised we're holidaying in September in Vanuatu beachside cocktails etc. But then there's no reason why I can't just have juice etc without any negativity.
Triumph: I successfully did not have any diet coke for lent and now that that's over I'm still not drinking dc... Proud of that. No real reason to it give up other than to choose healthier drink options and reduce my caffeine intake...Struggle: not yet a struggle but nervous about something coming up... I'm going to Las Vegas this weekend for a friends wedding and while I'm still committed to sobriety I'll admit I'm kind of nervous about this weekend. I'm trying to pinpoint exactly why because I know I don't want to drink but I'm worried I'll be expected to and then get into that inner talk of "what's the harm in just having one?" Or should I sip the champaign at the toast or no? Or "come on! It's Vegas! Forgeddaboudit!!" Ugh! Shhhh!!!!..General chat: started getting back to exercising... My poor aching muscles! 
Triumph: Set out to attend way more AA for my second month and I did it! Setting and accomplishing goals is rewarding in and of itself but AA has proven so unbelievably helpful and supportive! Lovin' it. Plus I am on vacation so I have been enjoying a healthy dose of AA getting my house clean/being productive walking my dog and lazing around my house indulging in TV. I was so nervous about the unstructured free time this week but I found myself wishing I had this time all the time!..Struggle: Tomorrow is D-day.....General chat: Lovin' this spring-y weather!
