-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23rypc/is_smoking_weed_considered_relapsing/

I'm almost done w/ my outpatient therapy and my girlfriend mentioned that she's looking forward to being able to smoke weed w/ me again. I was curious if that's considered relapsing. ..I rarely smoked in the first place and never mixed it w/ drinking which is my main problem. ..I'm not even sure if I want to smoke again. 
----------immediate responses--------

What would the people at your outpatient therapy say?
There are a couple of ways of looking at it.  /r/stopdrinking is about stopping drinking.  But let's be honest we stop drinking because for the most part we had become addicted to alcohol and that "elusive feeling" that it gave us.  Pot is used to accomplish getting buzzed high or that elusive feeling.  If I'm truly SOBER I'm not getting buzzed high or pursuing that feeling.  So while I'm not one to judge you my sobriety is based on continuously not pursuing any sort of high.
For me I consider it relapse. I signed up for the marijuana maintenance program shortly after I stopped drinking. Things got worse. ..When I quit all of it I was able to really find recovery and my life got better. ..I do know people who claim that they are sober and smoke weed every day. Frankly I do not want what they have. None of them are happy joyous and free. ..Decide for yourself but be careful. Experiential learning about this stuff can be lethal...Congrats on 36 days! Recognize that you asked about this BEFORE doing it. If you are like me that would not have happened before you got sober. I would have sat there stoned saying gee I wonder if I should have done that? Progress not perfection. 
I consider it not living a sober life. Depends on what your goal is.
For me it would mean relapse. Like dancing with the devil. 
It's something im really going to have to think on. I enrolled in treatment to stop drinking. The idea of sobriety came along through the program and I feel better than I ever have. If weed compromises that it's going to be something I'll avoid then.
[deleted]
Did you quit caffeine? Would you consider nicotine a relapse if you had a cigarette? Have you sworn off of sugar or pain meds? ..We all utilize chemicals in daily our lives to control and manipulate our bodies. True sobriety is incredibly rare. Even choosing whether to eat a light meal of fruit or a heavy meal of meats and carbs is going to change your chemical composition and change how you feel that day. The very food you eat is stuffed with additives preservatives natural and man-made chemicals. It is up to you to make choices regarding what level of chemical manipulation you are okay with. ..If weed makes you want to drink avoid it. If you want your chemical makeup to be as baseline as possible avoid it. If your problem is specifically with alcohol and drinking a bunch of coffee taking painkillers after an operation or smoking a cigarette sound fine to you than you could easily put weed into that category of acceptable chemical manipulation. ..Know thyself. Will weed make you want to drink? Will weed become an addiction in its own right? Is your goal to stop drinking or to stop putting as many outside chemicals into your body as possible? Those are the questions that will lead you to your answer. 
I realize it may be sacrilege here but not to me...I smoke plenty but have no problems at all not smoking.  Nothing at all like alcohol.  As to the health aspects I use a vaporizer which negates the majority of harmful effects.  It isn't even close to the downward spiral of alcohol in my mind..  
