-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23tl3e/terrifying_giant_bottle_of_whiskey/

Hello all glad to be here and glad to be sober...Just wanted to share a little bit about a situation I was in last week where I was meeting friends from a different country and the drinking situation that I encountered. I'm from the US and went over to a friend's house who is from Cameroon. I told my friend that I don't drink wine after he asked me what kind I liked and he didn't make a big deal out of it...Nevertheless some other people showed up also from Cameroon and one person brought a huge bottle (think like 3 liters big) of whiskey. I was astonished by the size of the bottle and it terrified me. After it was revealed my friend asked me "Do you drink this?" I said no no no I don't drink any alcohol. My partner who was with me said "You don't want him to drink that you won't see him for a few days."..The night went well and we left without incident but the bottle of whiskey really kind of shook me. I had a nightmare that night that I relapsed and I was certain when I woke up that I had drank a bunch of whiskey...I guess I share because I had never been in that situation before since my sobriety where I was actually terrified of a big bottle of alcohol. I know I didn't want to drink it but I guess I was scared mostly because I knew how much I was drinking at my peak and that I could have finished the whole thing in a scary fast amount of time. I was drinking about 750ml of whiskey a night at my peak so that was what really scared me...Stay sober friends! It's so much nicer this way and life continues to get better when you "give up the high price of low living."
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol scares me on a regular basis. I serve so I am constantly having my integrity compromised. Tonight this man told me he was going to suck down his vodka because he knew I was going to the bar to get the rest of the table drinks. I told him not to do that and slowed him down. I don't know why people want to do that to themselves. I've been there but I'm almost 2 years sober. God willing it sticks forever. I feel like a low end drug dealer. 
It's been years since my drinking was at it's peak but back then it wasn't unusual for me to go through three litres of bottom shelf booze in a week. It's frightening to think how constantly pissed off depressed and nauseous I would feel if I went back to drinking like that.
High-five and congratulations on staying sober!  If someone brought whiskey I'd certainly be tempted.  The important thing is that you didn't drink.  
