-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/23z8iw/my_psychiatrist_doesnt_take_my_burgeoning/

I've been seeing a psychiatrist about my depression and anxiety for the past few months. I've discussed my concerns about drinking with him and told him rather bluntly that I..* drink when I'm lonely bored or sad.* drink as a celebratory indulgence.* drink more than 3 nights a week and rarely ever drink without getting incoherently drunk or blacking out.* use alcohol as a coping mechanism.* have been exhibiting these behaviors for more than a year.* sneaky-drink...consume alcohol inconspicuously and attempt to hide it from my friends and loved ones .* have experienced multiple major depressive episodes in which I over-consume alcohol to numb myself and achieve the incoherence that leads to uninterrupted sleep ..Yet he still insists that I don't have a drinking problem and skirts around the issue during therapy sessions- presumably because I don't look or act like a typical alcoholic and can maintain sobriety for short periods of time.  Has anyone else ever experienced a dismissive attitude toward your own concerns about alcohol abuse from a medical professional? I've experience similar things when in therapy for disordered eating because (although I wavered between unattractively thin or only slightly overweight) I did not meet stereotypical criteria for EDs. Between the ages of 17-19 I was forcing myself to throw up multiple times a day but because my vitals were okay and my weight was in the median range for my age and height my concerns were readily dismissed. Such things can be very frustrating when you know you're struggling but fail to meet the diagnostic criteria that can result in proper treatment and recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

At the end of the day psychiatrists are just human. And some humans are stupid. I'd look around for another psychiatrist.
Welcome /u/somethingstolen to r/stopdrinking.  My psychiatrist and psychologist never TOLD me anything.  Instead they invited me to talk about certain subjects and guided me in ways in which I challenged my ideas and thinking usually in very constructive ways.  I'd be very careful about assuming that you know how they judge "your alcoholism."  You might be totally surprised.
FWIW my family didn't take my full blown alcoholism seriously. ..That experience taught me how to grow up and start to the road to recovery by admitting to myself that I was an alcoholic. Only you can decide. 
He might have his own problems and be projecting his denial onto you.
What do you mean by "insists that you don't have a drinking problem?" My therapist was well aware that I drank too much was well aware that I cancelled appointments last-minute due to hangovers and/or deciding to get drunk in the afternoon got in arguments with people while tipsy made an ass of myself while tipsy etc...And yet she never brought it up. The one time I brought it up as a "thing to discuss" she asked if I wanted to work on it and I hemmed and hawed...Have you asked him point blank "How can I fix my drinking problem?"..Because otherwise it's not really the shrink's place (from my understanding) to tell you you need to fix it. That's up to you to figure out...
&gt;Has anyone else ever experienced a dismissive attitude toward your own concerns about alcohol abuse from a medical professional? ..Not from a medical professional no.  I have had this behavior from friends and family all of whom had their own drinking issues.  Maybe your Dr. is a lush too.
Your physician may be more receptive. I agree with a couple of other comments that perhaps the shrink has his own problems with alcohol. 
I'm wondering if you have or could address the issue head-on with your psychiatrist. You say you have told him "rather bluntly" about this list of behaviors but he may be somewhat obtuse -- or may think that since you have not expressed a desire to change them you are not focused on them as an explicit issue. He may also believe that your depression &amp; anxiety are the root causes of your drinking and that by addressing those your drinking issues may resolve themselves...One other thing to consider: Why are you so concerned about getting an official explicit "diagnosis"? This sounds like a pattern of behavior -- wanting to be labeled "eating disordered" or "alcoholic" or otherwise "syndromed". If you are aware that drinking is a problem do you need to be labeled by your psychiatrist in order to begin addressing it? Just something to think about.....Welcome to this sub-reddit. Hope you'll stick around!
This scenaro is impossible to evaluate without hearing the entire conversation. I seriously doubt that your psychiatrist would describe you as someone who does not have a drinking problem...If your counselor were to come straight out and tell you to quit drinking he knows that most likely you would blow that off and not return for a follow-up session. He probably thinks that you can't handle the truth.
Yes I do get it from my loved ones and at first I believed them then I wanted to believe them because it was enabling me to drink literaly almost all the time. I'm not sure if I was just that high functioning or people felt it was a cry for attention and did not want to indulge it or they are in denial. Either way I drank a lot and I hid most of it. It sucks you don't have the support but if you feel it's a problem then the only thing that matters is taking the steps to fix it and you're doing just that by posting here. 
I think you know best if you have a problem. If he isn't willing to begin a counseling regimen to deal with this problem it might be because he doesn't want to admit his own problem. What I find funny about this (no it's not funny but as a way to relate) is every time I went to someone for help with depression/ anxiety the first thing I was always told was to cut the drinking and start a program. Even though I wasn't going in for help in the aspect. You do have support here though! Keep posting!
Pyschiatrists are like anything else sometimes it's hard to find a good one or one you can "mesh with".  I saw a pyschiatrist several years ago for depression after a major loss.  I wasn't ready to fully admit I had a drinking problem (although I did) so I didn't try to talk openly about it all the time..I did tell him I had concerns about especially with the meds he was prescribing.  After about 4 or 5 sessions with him I realized he didn't talk about anything with me other than "How do the meds make you feel?  Do we need to increase the dose?  Here try these samples for a month and see if these work."  ..I immediately ended my sessions with him weaned myself off the meds and found a grief counselor that was fantastic.  He was absolutely the person I needed in my life at that time.  So I guess what I'm saying is treat this like a relationship with your SO.  Try talking to your doc first but if you do and your "needs" still aren't being met it is probaby time to move on.  There is the perfect doc out there for you somewhere.  ..Best of luck and hope to hear from you again.
How do you want them to react?  Are they giving you medications?  Obviously no one can diagnose you but also normalize your anxiety about your drinking and your drinking issue.
