-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/240b8w/heading_in_the_wrong_direction/

Short background: 24 year old male fixing to graduate college after one summer class fifth a day drinker.   It was about a year ago that I finally sought help for my problem....10 weeks in rehab the whole nine yards.  Things were great I was 6 months sober...and then I relapsed.  Then I went 3 months then 6 weeks then 3 weeks then a week and a half before I relapsed last night.  I'm just on a downward spiral and need help badly.  Today has been awful craving like a sonofabitch and enduring horrific anxiety.  Feels like I'm dying. The only thing I'm kind of happy about is that I called someone for help about an hour ago. Yippie.  I know this is a loaded question with a simple answer but....how the hell do I convince myself to pick up the phone *before* I drink?  No matter how many times I screw up I keep telling myself that if I go drink that I'll be able to handle the anxiety the next day and just say no but as you all know that is much much easier said than done.  Feel like I'm rambling on now so I'll just end here.  Screw this disease.  God help me....
----------immediate responses--------

Try the services the college offers it sounds like you - like me - have issues linking your drinking and anxiety. There may be a good counselling service. Is there an AA group on or near campus? That will help give you a team of people in the same boat. Also try talking to a doctor about medications that can help the anxiety. Something specifically designed for anxiety by scientists is way better to lean on than the glass jars of liquid bacteria poop called booze. Initially I was so resistant to any sort of "mental pill" - they carry their own issues but the benefits far outweigh the negatives for me at least and it's a heck of a lot better than a bottle every night. Also try to meet someone for coffee every day. It sounds boring but - I dunno - helps me :)
Do you have anything you do on a day to day basis for recovery? I find its important for me to try to stay busy and talk to others in recovery about how I'm doing/feeling.
Honestly is staying sober your top priority?..Each day is a new day.  Start the day by asking for help and planning your recovery activities for the day...Eat balanced meals get some light exercise keep a sane sleep schedule...As for the anxiety - trying to manage anxiety with booze or benzos is like trying to put out fire with gasoline.  I spent years trying to drown my troubles but my troubles learned to swim.  Chronic booze use downregulates the inhibitory parts of your synaptic machinery (GABA) and upregulates the activity of the excitory stuff - glutamate norepinephrine dopamine and serotonin.  This happens because your brain is trying to keep working right in spite of the trick you're pulling by pickling it.  Stop drinking after hitting it for a while and your nerve and brain cells are in overdrive making you feel like one jittery dude.  This is why medical detox is sometimes required.  If the synapses are dysregulated badly enough sudden withdrawal can cause seizures or death.  Continuing to drink to cope with the nervousness just makes it worse...If you don't go to a meeting every day now might be a good time to start.  The easiest way I know of to stay away from a drink is to help someone else stay away from a drink...I was in your shoes at your age.  Same profile - 20 oz minimum 80 proof daily with blackouts and shakes.  I was eventually able to connect with the people in my community that knew what it was like and knew how to stay sober.  It was simple but not easy.  No first sucker drink one day at a time.  25 years and counting....
It took me 10 years of struggling to get sober to finally pick up the phone! This go I was breaking every pattern I had before. 4 months in I had a monumentally bad day I got fired from a job I liked for bogus reasons same day a few hours later I found out I was pregnant (not planned). After the hysteria calmed I broke a pattern I actually called someone! This was HUGE for me. Turned out to be a good night I needed the help/lifeline and they we so happy to help me. Hat was January 7th I am still going strong despite a couple of events that would have lead me straight to the bottle. ..My mother and I were discussing my sobriety last night and she was curios about what was so different abut this time since I had never put 90 together in the 10 years leading up. I told her I thought it would be some pivotal moment but the truth was I was so beat up so tired so sick of fighting this battle that would never be won in essence I just grew out of it. I stay vigilant and work my program and finally stopped lying to the only one who mattered.....me 
Welcome /u/youropinionman420 to r/stopdrinking.  Great advice already in the thread but I wanted to add my greeting.  
