-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/241034/first_time_97_days_second_137_this_time/

I am back unfortunately it is due to the fact that I followed the all too traveled road of relapse. I knew I would end up taking and I still couldn't dodge it. ..I was once a very active member on this page and for some reason I thought I could go back to moderation. I unsubscribed and spiraled out of control. Fortunately I was able to avoid any serious trouble but if I continued down this path I know the result would eventually be irrecoverable...I am a month from separating from the Navy (Voluntarily) and I simply have too much to lose. I am an alcoholic and I simply cannot continue to sacrifice my time to booze it just isn't worth it...I have a wife two children (a 4 year old and a 1 year old) and I am playing Russian roulette with their lives as well as my own. So before I find out what 'rock bottom' truly is I plan to give sobriety another go. Like the title says I have quit twice before. I'm hoping the third time is the charm...Stay Strong and stay sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back.  I feel like early sobriety kind of tricks you.  You start to see how things are better.  You start to see that you can successfully "moderate" when you drink zero beers.  And you start to wonder if you can handle a couple beers.  You start to forget how bad it was...The important thing though is that you're back...A key phrase we hear around here is: Nothing changes if nothing changes.  So what are you going to change this time?..Yer my boy Blue!
You have probably already figured this out I was a very slow learner I made recovery very difficult for myself. Evaluate your behavior for you last two stretches and change something for me I kept looking back and was comparative with last versus this time helped me to stop comparing knowing I changed something if you are going the AA route try a different meeting if your wife hasn't given ALANON a try having understanding support within the family can be very helpful. Make a new sober friend read a book that is about recovery written in this century anything! Good luck!
I am so glad to see you back here BP. I have thought about you periodically over the time you went "back out". Missed your stay strong and stay sober. :-)..&gt;....I have quit twice before. ..&gt;.....some reason I thought I could go back to moderation...Did you start drinking again the first time because you thought you could moderate? I think you have done the prescribed amount of research into the subject and should know it by heart now.  Now all you have to do is accept it completely as a part of your life. This is you. You are human with human weaknesses and imperfections but you are also blessed with resiliency and tenacity and so many other characteristics that can help you become the person you were meant to be without that monkey on your back beating you to death. Just cut him loose and let him run off into the wilderness. It's so much easier to live life without all that constant chatter. ..Have you given thought to an outside support group or therapy this time around? Wishing and hoping that the third time is the charm is one thing but taking active steps to do something different helps ensure that it's not all for wont.  ..Welcome back...seriously. Stay around this time okay? &lt;3....
Welcome back /u/BluePatriot --for me your situation would present me with a circumstance where I would have to ask myself the following question:..What are you willing to do to get and stay sober?..Then each day I would do those things.  ..I was telling one of the other /r/stopdrinking DINOs that I got sober and stay sober by daily remembering a few simple rules.  Of course each of us need to figure out what those are.  I got mine at my local AA meetings. 
Welcome back.
