-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/243cbq/how_to_handle_happiness/

Yesterday i relapsed again after 16 days. ..I went to birthday party.I was sober for most of the time. Later got a good news from my kid brother that after 5 months of struggle he got a good job. That too in my city.  ..I was overjoyed was not able to handle my emotions drank 1 beer :(. Got hold of myself left the party and sulked all night. ..I have prepared myself for depression  anger and boredom. Never thought happiness can make me lose control...Asked mod to reset my badge. Day 1 again.   
----------immediate responses--------

When we're upset/frustrated/negative/depressed and resist a drink we see it as a great white-knuckled achievement...But at times just as difficult but for different reasons are celebrations/happy moments. They're damn hard to resist. ..One of the great paradoxes it took a while for me to understand which took a lot of DNA-shifting shame to fully comprehend was this: I feel like drinking is OK because I feel good but I feel good because I'm not drinking...The time I most don't want a drink is when I'm hungover struggling to remember what I did last night... The time I broke my first decision not to drink? When I had beautiful girls at a wine-tasting shoving wine in my face pressing up against me... basically effortlessly seducing me. It's not their fault it's mine for allowing booze back into my life. And I did it because I felt good...It's important not only to recognise this but recognise its difficulty. When you attend a friend's birthday and don't drink - that's a great achievement. When you survive the weekend without drinking -that's a great achievement. When you go to a restaurant and order a coke instead of a beer - that's an achievement...In fact having any sort of good time without alcohol is not only an achievement but advisable. 
Great job holding it to one beer.  Just don't start thinking you can do it again.
Loads of respect for being able to reign the beast in. Well done...Cunning baffling and powerful beast. ..Good luck buddy. 
Good job on holding yourself accountable /u/Royal_rider --but I have to say that happiness celebrations holidays etc. are handled EXACTLY the same way as any other day are handled: I make a daily decision no to drink TODAY no matter what happens good or bad.  All day.  Plus I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and lots of them in early sobriety).  
Feeling anything at all made me reach for a drink. Sometimes just looking at the clock would trigger it. I had to put a lot of time between my brain paths and drinking before that stopped. It did.
One of the most helpful things I did when first trying to stay sober was to stay as far away from alcohol as possible. Put as much distance as you can between your hand and the can or bottle. Impulses and cravings will come but if alcohol is not easily available they will pass and you'll be sober...One way to handle happiness is jump up and down clap your hands and yell YAHOO!
Early in my sobriety I tried to change the way I thought about alcohol.  I read the book in the sidebar by Allen Carr.  In the book Carr describes alcohol as a "vile poison" (over and over and over and over...).  So much so that I started to see it that way...My first thought when reading your post was: You celebrated something good by drinking poison?..That sounds hypocritical given that I used to do the same thing but it shows how much my thinking has changed...I now celebrate good things by enjoying others' company having an extra piece of cake buying myself something nice allowing myself to sleep in allowing myself to stay up a little later (to watch one more episode of BrBa -- hey don't judge... I never got into it until now)...There are so many good ways to treat yourself when you have good news or bad news or just want to treat yourself.  Poison doesn't have to be one of them...Hang in there.
Would this have happened if you'd not gone to the party?
Ive been struggling with this too. Not from a drinking perspective as that's just not even sn option in my mind but from a feeling one. If I catch myself feeling happy I'll almost immediately notice something that irks me and feel myself going down that path. I'm learning through self awareness and mindfullness that happy is a very uncomfortable place for me. So for now I am really practicing bring aware of the happy recognizing the "yeah but..." when it happens and then guiding myself back to the present moment (not even back to "happy" just back to "being."..Is it possible that happy is pretty uncomfortable for you too?
The happy times are the toughest for me by far for whatever reason. For some reason being sad or depressed does not make me want to drink. I've never been one to drown my sorrows. Actually I'm the opposite. When I'm sad I buckle down eat healthy and exercise. When I'm happy I really struggle to maintain control.
