-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24536f/hi_my_name_is_sarahsiddonscooks_and_i_am_an/

Happy Sunday all I know many of you have seen my handle pop up a lot in the last week possibly wondering where did this mask woman come from? So I want to intro myself with the long and short of my story which I will title "If she didn't have bad luck she would have no luck at all"..I had a problem with alcohol earlier but the first time I tried to sober up was a decade ago. I went into this confidently because at that point on paper I was a really smart person who had already overcome what seemed at the time some pretty heavy stuff. Before I even turned 20 I had been married had a child and widowed so this alcohol thing should be no sweat right? I didn't think I would be wishing for the sweat relief my husband got from this life...Life was a merry go round of short bursts of sobriety short bursts of controlled drinking losing control rehab AA relapse. I repeated that ad nauseam. Pepper in a few hospital stays a couple of 72 hour holds but that was about it. I lost everything that mattered to me health numerous jobs a house a couple cars my friends a husband a boyfriend my precious son went to live with someone more fit than me. Lost dignity self respect put myself in harms way so often in so many ways there is really no good reason I am still alive. I kept picking up moving somewhere new to start over I would get there and soon would be met by myself and started the cycle all over again...It wasn't a pivotal moment no epiphany no final hooray. I just discovered I turned my rock bottom into a bar that no one wanted to go to. I was beaten up I was exhausted demoralized. My booze soaked gray matter was able to squeak out a moment of clarity. Faced with the stark reality that I had just spent 10 years trying to prove I wasn't an alcoholic failing miserably at every turn and that even if I did prove it.....no body cared! What was I left with? NOTHING. That was August 29th 2013...My program is a healthy mixture of AA and Buddhism that works for me. My spiritual advisor is a monk who serves as my sponsor. Someone who has known me for a long time the only person I trust...With trepidation I started dating someone he didn't drink lived just far enough away that we only saw each other once a week I was honest about my sobriety truthful about it being my focus he came to meetings with me very supportive. He met my whole family who loved him. My sponsor was on the fence about it. ..Fast forward to the first true test of my sobriety. January 7th 2014. A day I will never forget. I got fired from a job for totally bogus reasons it was a waitress job and anyone who works in that industry knows that January through March is ghost town time in the business I suspected they were just trimming staff. Still bummed I liked the job never late picked up extra shifts no customer complaints but I the scheme of things I wasn't going to sweat something this small. I was watching the news and the strangest powerful feeling came over me that left me with a sense of utter dread. I ran to the family dollar behind my house made a purchase came back waited 5 minutes.......I was pregnant. Pretty easy to pin point the day since we didn't live together it happened early morning December 9th later that day boyfriend had a vasectomy. Just a few hours to late. I didn't drink...Clearly we did not want children hence the vasectomy it came down to abortion or adoption he told me he would support any decision I made. I had an abortion 15 years ago right decision then still know it was now no regrets. Something this time was different I chose adoption. I guess it wasn't a decision he could support at 12 weeks he vanished. ..Buddhism teaches us there are no coincidences everything happens for a reason I had to believe that. My monk reminded me that those reasons may not manifest itself in this life and I had to be prepared to never witness it. Inside you have to know I was screaming "WHY WAS THIS HAPPENING TO ME!!!!!!". Why was I here? Since I moved here I had gotten sober but I got fired knocked up dumped all my family here moved away....why? I figured that out one week ago today...Last Sunday I met the couple that is adopting they live a couple states away when I read their profile I was stopped in my tracks and never read another one. They were it. Leading up to the meet I was slipping into a pretty dark place the faith I had that I was going to figure out why I was here was hanging by a tattered thread. I withdrew from everyone. We finally met and it was really wonderful. A very wild mix of emotions I am not sure I will ever be able to explain. On Monday they came with me to my Ultrasound appointment and found out I am having their daughter. Now I know why I am here I am here so a wonderful couple in San Diego can have the family they have longed for. My due date is and will be my one year sober date. ..I should mention somewhere in all that I have repaired my relationship with my son we are very close now and I admire the person he has become. I have also repaired relationships with my family their support especially now is an incredible comfort to me...So after that wall of text thanks to everyone here who have already made me feel so welcome I hope to be of help in your journey as you are in mine...Namaste
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and thank you for the heartfelt share. There are lots of great people here on all stages of the journey and I hope it is helpful for you.
welcome I suspect you will find this an interesting place to help you on your continued path of healing
Wow that was very brave /u/SarahSiddonscooks.  This observation was really brilliant:..&gt; I just discovered I turned my rock bottom into a bar that no one wanted to go to.  ..I suspect that that was true for so many of us on /r/stopdrinking.  ..Might I encourage you notwithstanding a comment you made in a thread earlier about AA coins--to get a badge-----------&gt; see badgebot.  The badge-thing is /r/stopdrinking only custom but I think because of the unique nature of SD it is encouraging to all the newcomers and regulars who your story has touched.  Welcome welcome friend.  I'm looking forward to watching you grow.
Thank you so much for this share - what an inspiring read! Welcome to /r/stopdrinking and congrats on your sobriety so far. :)
Hi SarahSiddonscooks! Thank you so much for sharing your story...we all have them alcoholic or not and the cool thing about being here or going to AA is that we sometimes get to know each other's. We are given the gift of being able to be vulnerable. Think about the people you work with the person at Starbucks that hands you your coffee every day your teacher - they all have their stories and their struggles too but we never get to hear them and be able to have the opportunity to empathize with those struggles. I've been thinking about that a lot lately and it makes me so grateful to be able to know you my friend. It makes me wonder what kind of a world we could be living in if we could all feel safe enough to expose our vulnerabilities. ..But anyways yes! I wasn't exactly wondering where you came from more that I am glad your path lead you here. You are a welcome addition to this group. :-)  You make me smile with how you seem to embrace life and I'm grateful for that. I just gotta tell you I teared up a bit when you said your due date is your sober date. How amazing is that??? As you said...everything happens for a reason and I'm sure more amazing things are waiting for you along your path. ..&lt;3..
Welcome. While my badge shows 2 days I have been up to 137 and then it came crashing down. But you you seem to keep pushing forward even when things get tough and the light at the end of the tunnel dims you still push forward. Good for you I hope to have that same fortitude when my challenges arise. ..I read your entire story and was captivated from beginning to end. Remain active on this sub and I'm sure you will continue the success you've had thus far against the constant battle against alcoholism. ..This sub for me at least is the only real outlet there is. Being in the Navy and working with Marines my community views alcohol like most view water the giver of life. r/stopdrinking provides me with a 'safe haven' where I feel the strength of a new community that aids me in remaining sober day after day...Stay Strong and Stay Sober
Thank you so much for sharing your story. Welcome! You are strong!
hugs and mad respect!.keep on doing the next right thing.
My first night again you have given .Me hope.
I'm here.   I know.  I know.
My biological mother gave me up for adoption 21 years ago in San Diego. I have felt everything from resentment to happiness because of her decision but I am so glad that this is the choice she made. Life is hard no matter how your beginning starts. I've been blessed with wonderful parents who would have otherwise never had a child a life with many twists and turns but so fulfilling and more happiness than I deserve. ..I'm sure this will be so hard for you and it will be hard for your little girl too. She will wonder why you "didn't want her" and all the other things that come with being adopted. But know that she will be so grateful for you and will probably want to know you. I wish all the best for you.
Thanks for sharing. Funny that you mention there being no such thing as coincidence.....Last Monday the morning the tide finally turned and I decided to quit I was riding my bike to school listening to Spotify. 'Let Go' by RAC came on - one of the first lines is "Just try just try just try to stay sober it's eating you". It was tough for me to believe in coincidence at that moment.
Thank you.
Thank you for sharing your story. I have an aunt who has remained sober for over 30 years and relies on her Buddhist faith to do so.
Enjoyed reading that so glad things are better.  Crazy about the due date and anniversary tho.
You are a certified badass.  Thanks for your story.  We've been through some serious shit.  Glad you've seen the light and chose to follow it.
Hi Sarah.  I've enjoyed chatting with you via messages and I Loved reading your inspiring story.  Wow.  Thank you for sharing.  
