-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/248uvw/i_finally_did_it_i_told_my_home_group_that_i/

It sucks to relapse.  I think we can all agree on that.  But sucking up my pride anger my beliefs was gut wrenching and I thought I was going to pass out.  I always share at meetings and everyone was just looking at me as to say "When is he going to say something"...I shared. I told them what happened and how quickly it got out of control.  What I shared was something that was told to me that has had a lasting impact a long time ago. "In AA we never leave our wounded on the battlefield".  ..Today was really all for me.  Everyone that shared mentioned my name and made eye contact with me...I can not tell you how amazing of an experience that was for me. I never knew so many people loved me and everyone that shared today said such heartfelt things that touched my heart immensely.    ..* Im here for you.* Thank you for your honesty.* That took balls and I happy you came back.*  Here is my number.* Your a good friend and a great leader.  :(  (feels).* We need you.  I don't care if you relapsed you have the same amount of sobriety to me. (FROM THE GRUMPY OLD TIMER).* I love you. (So many times).  .* Hugs from all the girls and guys.  .* Pats on my back.  ..I got off track with the program and made a big deal about the higher power talk.  (We are in Texas and there is a lot).  But after today I realized something bigger than myself.  The love of the group.  I never knew what I meant to my home group until today.  ..If nobody has told you to I want to say I love you.  And I am proud as hell to be part of this community.  We fight a war that only we understand.  The crazy normal people with never be able to wrap their heads around what this is like...If you are reading this and still drinking I wanted to say that I have never in my life had my friends or family ever say things to me like people told me today.  I made those relationships sober.  I destroyed my other ones drinking...Have a good night and thanks for reading...Stay strong!..Tex
----------immediate responses--------

Good job! That first visit back after a relapse is tough I was so filled with dread...but as you discovered yanking off that bandaid isn't nearly as horrible as you thought.
Jeez you made me tear up.  What a beautiful and inspiring post.  Thank you! :)
Tex ..firstly - damn I shouldn't cut onions at my desk ..Thanks for reading? Thanks for writing my heart is glowy now...BIG hug ..standsure
This brought back a lot of memories for me. I relapsed a number of times before sobriety stuck and I had similarly positive experiences in AA. I think this is one of the things that made it easy to move past whatever reservations I had had about AA. Like you I had never found anything quite like it before...I hope it energizes you in your sobriety as much as it did for me. X-Men unite! :)
That was beautiful!.Thank you! 
We'll love you until you can love yourself. ((Hugs))  I'm proud of you Tex. :-)
Very moving. Thank you for sharing with us too.
You are extremely strong for coming forward and admitting your relapse to the group. That takes a lot of effort -- it's easier to hide it and cower in fear of what people will say but that guilt will manifest into something ugly later on down the road. ..I am so glad your group was so receptive to what you had to say! That makes such a big difference. Sometimes my SO doesn't understand why it's a challenge for me to not drink since he has no desire to drink and didn't even have a problem (so no triggers or anything). I envy him but wish he could understand. Since he doesn't I usually keep my struggles to myself. I'm still sober though so I'm doing something right! ..I might check out being a facilitator at a SMART meeting in my area to give support to others and be part of a group
Hooray for /u/sober-in-texas!
Great post!!..HP is a tough one for a lot of us.  It's real easy for me to imagine my home group as my HP.
[deleted]
