-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24abvl/a_bag_i_wont_lose_again/

On 4/19 at 4:30AM I became aware of myself again in the basement of a random grocery store panicked looking for my grey messenger bag.  All I had on me was my iPhone. No wallet. No Chromebook. No friends. Just me and my demon....I got home fine. But after at least 100 black outs in my life dozens of damaged relationships missed opportunities and huge mistakes it finally hit me loud and clear: I am an alcoholic....In my phone I made a list of every drunken regret I have. I wish it could be more exhaustive but you tend to forget the nights where you were "only" kind of an asshole and it just ended poorly instead of horrifically....It's weird because I was able to be a vegan for a year because I cared about animals.  Why didn't it ever hit me to quit alcohol because I cared about people?...The nightmares are upsetting. Last night in my sleep I lost my bag twice. I drank with my mom.  I'm not sure what this means since my mom has always been the one to tell me to tone it down and she is the most controlled drinker in the world maybe she's been drunk once....It was never about losing my stuff they're just things but I am in control now and I won't lose my bag again. ...Thanks for everyone here who contributes their stories success or relapse. It is extremely therapeutic and makes me repeatedly realize how we can trick ourselves into thinking we can control drinking and on the other side how tremendous the rewards of sobriety are....I'm tearing up now.  Admitting I'm an alcoholic is coming to terms with the damage I've done to people I care about.  Fortunately I don't want a drink.  I just want to feel stable again but I don't because even if I didn't drink alcohol daily I used it as a huge social crutch for confidence in life and in performing....I thought I was better than alcoholism and it's because I look up to alcoholics (comedians) so much Doug Stanhope and David Cross namely I realize now I don't look up to them but rather their public personas via stand-up and I realize that's silly.  They're entertainers entertaining this was my life I was throwing away not even throwing away worse than that I was using it to be an asshole....But I know where my bag is. And I won't lose it again....It would be very nice to talk to anyone here I'm afraid of going back not because I want to drink but because I have quit before for four months but I smoked pot the whole time (transferring my addiction) which I'm not doing now. Thanks friends. ...I just finished Allen Carr's the easy way and am debating AA etc. but mainly I want to take steps forward not dwell on the fact that I don't drink booze. ..EDIT: I didn't want to post this using my main account where my flair is.  But I'm at 9 days :)..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on taking the first steps man. :) ..We're always here if you want or need  to talk. 
Welcome /u/bagelMachine to /r/stopdrinking.  ..This is how I stopped drinking please feel free to use these techniques. I did not invent any of this but it works for me and countless others:..1. Every morning when I first wake up in fact when my eyes open and I turn on the light--I am NOT going to drink TODAY no matter what happens all day good or bad;..2. I go to a recovery meetings (AA in my case and lots of them in my early sobriety);..3. Tomorrow I repeat...The goal is to get through the first 24 hours only without drinking. If I get to bed sober I win a first daily victory over my alcohol disorder. ..Tomorrow I repeat...Please keep sharing as you go along.
Hello and welcome. None of us is an better or worse than alcoholism. It's a disease not a moral issue. You are a good person with a bad disease. I had to focus on the fact that I didn't drink. Obviously it has long become a lifestyle rather than a struggle at this point. But at the beginning if I didn't focus and dwell on the fact that I didn't drink I would have started again. It's like being severely allergic to peanuts but then forgetting it and eating a Reeses. ..A therapist support group and the book *Under the Influence* by Ketchum and Milam were an immense help. Take care of yourself. Congrats on nine days!
Welcome!..This is good stuff...&gt;I'm tearing up now. Admitting I'm an alcoholic is coming to terms with the damage I've done to people I care about. Fortunately I don't want a drink. I just want to feel stable again but I don't because even if I didn't drink alcohol daily I used it as a huge social crutch for confidence in life and in performing...I totally feel this. I have heard this repeated from other alcoholics as well. Alcohol was just a symptom. The problem I had was within myself...&gt;Thanks for everyone here who contributes their stories success or relapse. It is extremely therapeutic and makes me repeatedly realize how we can trick ourselves into thinking we can control drinking and on the other side how tremendous the rewards of sobriety are...Yes this!! It is great to get from this community. This is also what you get from AA. I wouldn't discredit it without checking it out.
