-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24aglb/thoughts_on_aa_after_10_months_of_sobriety_and/

I think a lot of AA is bullshit that said I go almost every day. I don't want to say that I struggle with spirituality because I don't crave the protection and care of a god. I don't believe that I live at the whim or mercy of an omnipotent creator and that living in alignment  with his will  will absolve me of the responsibilities of sobriety. It seems like  turning it over  is the ultimate cop out. Letting our woes slip into the aether with the absolute knowledge that all will turn out as it has been predestined and justice will ultimately be served ...I believe that in times when our ability to question surpassed our abilities to answer it was advantageous for us to have a god. To answer the ultimate question: WHY? Why does the sun rise and set? Why are we here? Where are we going? What happens when we die? Why live just life? With these questions summarily answered by our creator thoughts could focus on more pressing matters of eating reproducing and establishing society. The rules and teachings of religions laid the ground work for civilization law even hygiene before science could answer the same questions. ..I don't believe the answer of so many of the WHY questions are so poetic. What if there is not a beautiful answer to these why questions and it is all just as practical as it appears on paper. What if we eat sleep and breathe as a function of biology and not in the service of prophesied destiny. What if we are good not for reward or in fear of punishment but because we can be. Wouldn't good be an evolutionary advantage for a race that is based so heavily in functioning in community?..All of my ranting aside I give AA a lot of credit for my recovery. I respect the community members that have managed to stay sober. I don't voice my opinions concerning my beliefs because I truly do believe in all paths to recovery. If some have a god and it helps them I am happy for them. I've just become so tired of being looked down upon for not sharing their beliefs. It would seem that I really cant be truly in recovery from alcoholism without their god. I am wrong less than ignorant of the bliss that is (to me) ignorance. ..The community the fellowship and the practical matters of sobriety interest me. Not the fanaticism indoctrination and holier than thou attitude. I think the chanted mantras and spiritual hyperbole are in many cases more harmful than good. ..I recognize that I am a willing participant in all of this. No one is making me go to AA I am not even asking that the program change. I just wish some of its members were more tolerant and open minded. I truly feel that expressing these feelings and beliefs in the context of a meeting would leave me ostracized from the fellowship that I value as a part of my recovery. So I post them here in relative anonymity just to get them off of my chest... Into the aether.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Well said I feel you. I could never really do AA for a lot of the reasons you listed. I think the fact that Jesus Krishna and Zeus are mutually exclusive gods who possess the same innate power to heal that is a bit revealing. That being said as long as it's not hurting anyone I'm happy for anyone who gets sober regardless of how...I'm very thankful for this sub since there is a great community here and a generally much lower religious influence than I would expect to find in AA. It's pretty much everything I wanted in a support group. Congrats on 10 months! That's awesome.
&gt; I've just become so tired of being looked down upon for not sharing their beliefs. ..I found your entire post credible and persuasive until I got to the quoted statement.  Honestly I've *never* been to an AA meeting where I saw anyone with continuous sobriety do what you say occurs to you over a newcomer's belief system or lack of belief.  And friend I've been to thousands of AA meetings since 1986 in Akron-Cleveland where AA was founded.  AA is proudly anti-authoritarian anarchic and widely-accepting of diverse views.  ..What I think is possible is that you experienced--and a lot of educated recovering newcomers experience feedback "in the rooms" that suggests to the newcomer that LISTENING is the best approach in early sobriety and that advice often comes off as patronizing.  ..Individual AAs on the other hand need to be taken with a grain a salt--remember we were the same opinionated assholes who were being thrown out of bars.  Or at least I was.
While I agree with about everything you say I disagree with the statement that a lot of AA is bullshit.  I think that a lot of what gets said at AA is bullshit and that what a lot people in and out of AA think about AA is bullshit.  But AA itself says very little and no one has the right to speak for AA although that doesn't stop plenty of people trying.  AA is a fellowship with no leaders and no hierarchy and no voice. ..Here's the thing; a lot of what goes on in our society at large is bullshit and wrong.  AA is a slice of life; an AA group is a random selection of members of our society.  It's only natural that a lot of society's bullshit will get reflected at AA meetings.  I say don't blame AA for the sickness in our culture.  I fuckin' love AA.
I disagree. But well said. Good post.
You might want to try a "We Agnostics" meeting if there's one in your area. The president of my local AA clubhouse is an outspoken atheist and I live in the Bible Belt so my experience is definitely that AA embraces those with a wide range of beliefs. 
You should take a look at smart recovery groups. I think that you would really like them. http://www.smartrecovery.org/
Don't get hung up on Bill Wilson's conception of his own personal higher power which is described in the Big Book and the 12 and 12.  Place your "faith" in the actions suggested within the 12 steps.  It matters not what the details of your higher power is (science in your case I reckon) only that it works for you.
I'm pretty sure there's an atheists in AA sub. I know I've seen it. It might be worth adding to the sidebar.
There is no need to believe in any particular kind of God to know how to "quit playing God"...Quit playing God is essentially what all AA boils down to and It's all I need to keep sober. ..Since I'm not religious and do not go to church I find AA is great secular alternative to reminding myself that I am not God I cannot control my drinking anymore than I can control everyone in and everything about my life....Good luck - AA works equally well for people who believe in God people who don't believe in God and people who think they are God.
AA is people and various people attempt to define AA.  It is made up of people of every kind imaginable and then a few extras.  There are some rather distasteful people and groups of people in AA who attempt to define it in their image and in the image of their "god".  They are all wrong.and in my opinion they are quite stupid because they cannot see they are wrong thereby demonstrating they do not even understand the program they pretend to define.  There are the suggested Steps and the frequently violated Traditions but overall it is just people most of whom are trying to deal with a life threatening illness constructively using the fellowship of other sufferers to grow understand and help each other.  The "fundies" and "Big Book Lawyers" are all daft in trying to codify what is essentially not codifiable.  They ignore the basic principles and concentrate on the parts they like ignoring the rest..My solution is to do the same.  Take what I need to recover and leave the dross and the bullshit to those who love to bathe in it.  The entire "wisdom" is expressed in the "Serenity Prayer" which asks for the ability to sort the wheat from the chaff.  This covers all of life in general not just addiction.  There are other programs most of which have some validity as well.  I have little tolerance for the religiousity and anti-intellectual attitude expressed by many members but intolerance is a flaw of mine which I treasure.
Nobody cares if you believe in God or not.  Do you care if I do?   Of course not.  Just work the steps with a sponsor and write a gratitude list. .. .Tell me about your service commitment.
Congratulations on your sobriety....
I found your comments to be well thought out and beautifully expressed.  I share similar thoughts.  My thoughts are that AA can be helpful because of the support system.  Not the spiritual messages but the support of others that have been there.  I also believe that people judge others.  AA may want to be accepting of all but people judge.  All people judge all people.  Continue going to AA because we all need support.  I hope you can feel proud of yourself for your beliefs and for accepting that others may judge and that is ok.  It doesn't change who you are it solidifies it.  I wish you the best. 
I was at a very powerful meeting with emotional shares fairly early in my sobriety. The last person to share said "Don't overthink this higher power thing. You can feel it in the room right now."..You can definitely be a non-believer and a member of AA. I am one. I have also heard from a lot of others that would not consider themselves believers. My higher power is the Group Of Drunks (AKA members of AA). They are certainly bigger than me and showed me how to stay sober which I could not do alone.  
I think it depends on where you live...here in the SF Bay Area there are an incredible number of meetings of all kinds all ilks...As a former hippy I really like the anarchistic part of AA. This is my first time posting on this site. I also want to see my badge.
