-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24e0ks/after_6_years_of_being_in_and_out_of_the_program/

6 years ago when I first entered the program I was a solid athiest. Within the first year I was going to church regularly and calling myself a Christian. 6 Months later I relapsed and it's been fucking hell ever since. I continued to be a believer and go to church but I could never actually practice what I was learning from the bible. I went to rehab several times mental hospitals a dozen times and arrested twice. Finally on Friday God entered my heart completely and I knew I had to really commit to being sober or I was never going to be the person I always wanted to be. I humbled myself went to a meeting (Haven't been to a meeting in over a year) and identified as a newcomer. The relief of finally giving up and trying to do it my way has been awesome. I've been going to 2 meetings a day and already got a sponsor and started working with him. The principals in AA are pretty much the same as the teachings of Jesus and I see I need both to really make this deal work. AA doesn't make sense to me without a God I just recently came to finally understand and I can't be  a good Christian at all without AA. Before anyone freaks out on me about talking about Christianity I want to point out I am a gay male and have a very liberal interpretation of the bible. There are many different ways to get into contact with God. It took years to develop this belief system which I only got because of AA and that belief system became clear to me that I needed to go back to AA...I have tried to go to AA for every and all reasons but what is so different this time is now I am utilizing God in a way to give me power and strength. I have not even thought once about drinking or using since Friday and this was never the case other times I got sober before even the year and a half stint I did. My time has come and things have been awesome. I have been running into people I haven't seen in many years that are so happy to see me back. I have this peace and calm about myself and there isn't a struggle like all the other times. I have fully surrendered. I wanted to share this with everyone since I've been on this subreddit for over a year and never make comments on it.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome congratulations for escaping the spiral...When I finally made it (though only 6 months of slipping - i feel for you) it felt different - as you describe.   ..thanks for posting I hope we hear more from you.
&gt;but what is so different this time is now I am utilizing God in a way to give me power and strength..Yes!..As long as you can continue to grow your relationship with your higher power and work the steps I see wonderful things in your future.
Welcome &amp; good luck! I'm a liberal Christian too. 
Welcome /u/ventuckyspaz -- you are among friends on /r/stopdrinking.
