-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24ecg6/struggling_to_stay_sober/

Hey guys 31 year old alcoholic here. My drinking has gotten so bad that on my days off from work i start as soon as i wake up until i pass out. I was sober in my early 20s but this time around it has been extremely more difficult.  How do you guys pass the time after work? Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

I started reading....A LOT downloaded some new music meditated. Went to as many meetings as I could in a day I was new in town so tried to make some new sober friends. Anything....
[deleted]
Hey /u/feckyou -- how hard was it for you to stop drinking and stay sober?  Don't go back there--trust me it ain't worth it...BTW I go to AA meetings read listen to music go to bed early.  Wake up early go to coffee.  Cycle to work. 
Time?  Who would have ever thought too much time would be a problem right?  I know the feeling coming home from work and the anxiety over what to do is insane...I found that if I can make plans with someone to do ANYTHING that gives me something to look forward to at least.  I'm actually really looking forward to seeing my personal trainer on Friday.  Probably won't be saying that afterwards...lol but at least now I am. ..Besides that I've been going to the gym regularly Yoga and reconnecting with friends.  In fact I'm outta work in 7 minutes.  Going straight to the gym to kill 2 hours.  ..After that who knows.  Time is definitely hard these days but my advice is find anything that can keep your mind occupied. I also read posts on here for awhile everyday.  It helps..
Golf gym AA music read.  The most important thing on the list is AA for me.  
I lift weights read books play with my kids hang with my wife I'm going to get 'fancy' sodas so I feel like I have my own special drinks I plan to write a book I run a Facebook fitness page and I have become interested in picking up mountain biking.
Thank you all for your helpful comments! I work in the service industry. I'm able to keep myself occupied enough during the days before work it's the night time when I get off and my days off that worry me. Heading to a mtg now though :) 
