-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24kzij/time/

Does anyone else have this experience of the minutes hours just moving by so slowly? I relapsed yesterday but overall during these past few weeks of being "mostly" sober it seems like time moves by so incredibly slow. I was trying to get through a television show (one of those dumb crime shows haha) last night and it seemed like it took FOREVER. And that's how I feel today too. Even an hour seems like a lifetime...When will this feeling go away?
----------immediate responses--------

What have you been doing when your sober? Do you do the exact same things only without the booze? That would suck balls.  ..When ingot sober I kinda had to change everything. I tried being sober and running with the same crowd and it didn't work for me. Some people can do it but I couldn't...I made new friends in AA. I started volunteering to have something to do. I started visiting my parents. And things just kind of worked out. Time flies by. I'm enjoying life...Try changing things up a bit. It'll be fun.
It doesn't. You should find ways to fill that time. It may suck now but it's really a gift. Pick up some activities you can't or shouldn't do while drinking to keep yourself accountable. I started exercising more and volunteering at an animal shelter but you can do literally anything you've ever wanted to...I feel you on that relapse though. I'm speaking from a couple of years sober but today is my day 7 since.
I don't know if it is like the boredom that gives early sober folks anxiety. Could be that you just want to get through this NOW if you are still in the throws of feeling physically awful. Psychologically you feel bad about relapsing and want that feeling to go away quickly. I traded binge drinking to binge watching Netflix was a blessing!
I remember that feeling. It seemed like the amount of minutes that were in a day (especially the weekends) were quadrupled those first couple of weeks. Here's the thing with that: I was so used to being in in a drunken haze that in reality my life was passing by and I wasn't even aware of it. The time we are in right this present minute is a gift that we were just pissing away in the bottle when we were drinking.  ..I suppose if you chose to not do anything with your new found time it would continue to seem like you are stuck in a time warp or maybe you'd adjust to the extra time feeling...I donno. I chose to take advantage of it and filled it full of things that I had been lacking in my life while I was drinking beginning with a sense of purpose and goals to work towards.  Doing this not only filled the time but it kept me busy and kept my mind off of drinking. Give it a shot! What's something that you've thought about doing in the past that you just didn't get to because you were too "busy" drinking? Do it now! :-)
I haven't experienced that... it's weird for me to think all the stuff that's happened over the past 4 months. It's all kind of a really-fast blur. Can't believe the year is nearly halfway over already!
Funny I was thinking the exact same thing yesterday. Nine days in and it seems like months. But I'm old so I'm like "anything that slows time down is a good thing." :) I actually organized a frisbee golf game last week. I'm usually not the organizing type (too busy if you know what I mean) but it was a blast. Five middle-aged folks throwing discs into backyards. Laughed a lot and killed almost 2 and a half hours in the evening. I highly recommend it or anything similar.
