-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24m7b0/please_reset_my_badge_for_tomorrow_and_help_keep/

Drank last night. Nothing crazy happened (that I remember) and I fell asleep in my own bed with who I was supposed to. Still I don't want to make this a thing again. I'm an alcoholic. I need to keep reinforcing this. The reason I said to reset my badge for tomorrow is that I took two shots this morning (at like 5:30am... For fucks sake lol) to curb the hangover...I'm gonna respect the rule of the sub and only read for awhile until I'm sober but I needed to post this. I'll post tomorrow letting everyone know how today went... Looking forward to celebrating my first day (fuckin again) with you guys soon.  ..I really miss my mom. Anyone lose a parent they were semi-close-ish too? My mom was a recovered addict/alcoholic and relapsed a lot in my life. Her death has caused concurrent happy and sad memories.  ..Fuck. I just need a hug. .
----------immediate responses--------

((hug))
Here you go: [interenet hugs]( http://thenicestplaceontheinter.net/)..This always makes me feel better.  Hope it works for you too! Sorry about your mom.  Must be hard..
Hey man.I lost my aunt whom I was extremely close to. Right after that I started going down my alcoholic path. I drank myself retarded for two years and it took me longer than that to even start dealing with her death. Don't do that. I wasted years...I also wasn't there for my uncle when he needed me the most. I learned you can't take care of other people if you don't take care of yourself.
My dad broke and tore apart our family with his alcoholism. I still really loved him and it was really shocking when he died. I was 20. I spent the next 14 years trying to prove I could drink like other people without any success. I don't know how old you are but the death of my father triggered all kinds of mental illness. I hope you can get some kind of help through this. It isn't easy. You definitely need to build a support system. That means actual people irl. Use whatever you can find that makes you comfortable. I know there are some groups that meet for people who've lost loved ones. I would've been better off doing anything other than what I did. I did sink myself into my studies for a while but that only lasted so long. I've been a loner for a long time (other than when alcohol made me the life of the party before I eventually would do something catastrophically stupid). Please don't isolate or feel you have to drink or dull the pain with drugs. All love to you.
I read an article about people renting out someone to cuddle with (non sexual) these services are popping up a lot on the East coast....I wish I could rent someone to just hold me while I cry. ..On May 21st it will be the 18th anniversary of my husbands death. He struggled with addiction for many years he got sober before we got married he was a wonderful husband and father he fought like hell to stay sober what killed him was someone who fell asleep at the wheel he was 100% sober at the ripe old age of 23. ..I dealt with it pretty well our son was 3 weeks shy of turning 1 I kicked into single mom mode and really focused on being a mom. My drinking didn't get out of hand till about 6 years later...Nowadays I bawl my eyes out almost on a daily basis because a man I loved who promised to support my decision vanished when I was 3 months pregnant leaving me to deal with adoption alone. Dealing with my husbands death was easier than this has been. I try very hard not to pity myself but I wonder when life is going to stop shitting on me...So I will hug you if you hug me back! The main thing AA has taught me is that we all need each other I can tell you with certainty that if it weren't for the AA fellowship I would have joined my husband a long time ago.
I lost both my parents within 2 years and I was close to both of them especially my mom. I never realized the impact it had on me and those whom I was close because I was heavy into drugs and alcohol.  I surrounded myself with beats vinyl and lost myself in the scene for many years... ((hug)) 
C'mon back /u/djamberj --we're still here waiting on you.
Ah Amber... Hugging you. I lost my mom 15 years ago to cancer when I was in my early twenties like you are now. She and I were very close and after her death and her funeral I went to shit. I hurt so bad I couldn't breathe... My heart literally felt like it was being squeezed by a vice grips I felt like a thousand pound weight on my body I felt like I was being choked the grief hurt so bad. I drank lotsa whiskey as a reprieve from the grief and yah I get where you're coming from. Even my moms friends from AA tried to help me but I was hurting so bad no one could really help me...You're posting here... You know you have a problem with alcohol and you know you want to stop... And reaching out for help... You are light years ahead of where I was when my mom died. ..The years after my mom's death I behaved badly and made some stupid decisions and I blamed it on my mom's death. I was grieving yeah  and I grieved because I loved her so much. So grief will happen either way... But man! the time energy and money I gave to alcohol over 15 years was truly a waste. The time loving my mom grieving my loss and cherishing her memories - coming to terms that she too was a flawed human being and cherishing the good that she has passed on to me is absolutely not a waste... It is an enrichment to my life and one that I appreciate more sober...All that said... None of this is easy but you are not alone. Keep reaching out and keep coming back and know that you have a few internet strangers sending you loving healing vibes and wishing you peace..
Just because nothing crazy happened doesn't mean you don't have a problem.  Drinking a 5.30 am is not normal.  Not many do that!  I hope you get over this hiccup and get back on the wagon.  Missing your mum is normal in your situation but try do this for her. Relapsing is not a pleasant way to live and I am sure mother would have agreed with me! Once again sorry for your troubles. I wish you well good luck on your journey!
