-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24oz2n/30_days_again_tomorrow_for_those_of_you_who_have/

I am new to the recovery process. I have been working on staying sober since the 8th of December but I had a one nighter what will be 30 days ago tomorrow. It took me 12 days of self pity and mental gymnastics to get back to a meeting. The first time that I hit 30 days I was in rehab with no way to access my money. I catch myself drooling over craft beers that I sensibly will never try the cravings at times will literally double me over that voice of self defeat will peak it's ugly head and tell me that if I just give into this I can do better the next time. So really I just want to hear how you guys dealt with the first year after relapse or however long you are working it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/MrWh1t3 to r/stopdrinking.  I relapsed after 15 continuous years of sobriety somehow luck or grace?--I made it back to sobriety after 7 years.  Then I had major life altering consequences to deal with including loss of a professional license and Federal prison--all while I was sober.  But this is what I did and what I still do if any of it is helpful feel free to use or not:..1.  Every day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate decision that I wont drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man who became my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction)...3. Tomorrow I repeat...It was essential for me to focus only on the next 24 hours...Good luck to you. I hope you keep sharing as you go along.
Good on you for dusting off and moving forward. I hope that the one thing you realized from relapse is that it isn't the end of the world many if not all of us have been there just have to get up and keep moving forward. How does it feel? I felt like shit every time I stumbled couldn't believe after all I had been through that I was putting myself through it AGAIN. I did a video diary of my last detox I figured I must have detox amnesia for self inflicting the same pain over and over and over and over. I got sober August 29th just about relapsed on January 7th pulled up that video diary for the first time since I made it watched in utter disgust over what I was and what I didn't want to be again I didn't drink and haven't since. ..Chin up we are here for you. 
This harshness is obviously not directed at you it's just been knocking around in my head for a while.....Here's a phrase i could do without ever hearing again "craft beer." Really the way it gets talked about around here and elsewhere you'd think it's something other than poison with a really funky masking mechanism applied overtop to convince you it's "all about the taste." My husband was bragging to me yesterday about having 89 different beers catalogued in some kind of beer app that he uses to track the stuff. If it really was "just about the taste" he wouldn't find himself considering going to get another 4 or 6 pack of the stuff he just drank. It's all a lie. It really is. Whenever I hear the words "Oh but I'm really into *craft* beer" I'm like that stupid Willy Wonka meme "Oh you kill yourself with extra-expensive poison? Tell me more!" ..And to answer the question I find I don't get cravings because I've already decided I'm not drinking. It's just not an option so it would be wasted mental energy to have much less entertain a craving. I'm using the skills I've picked up from mindfulness meditation to notice the moment my brain starts to think about how nice a margarita or glass of wine would be and just acknowledge the thought and gently guide my mind back to the present. No beating myself up or entertaining/listening to self-defeating thoughts. Just a really gentle "Oh hi there thought about a margarita. *Breath* Look at that lovely tree." There is no reason... zero... for me to do any more than just acknowledge the thought and end it.
