-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24qr4q/7_days_down_23_to_go/

After relapsing for a little over 3 years and having a particularly bad episode last weekend I decided to man up admit the seriousness of my problem to family and friends and get sober for good. ..I tried to get myself admitted to an inpatient program but the program I wanted was full and there were many people worse off ahead of me so the likelihood of that happening in the next 6 months were slim to none. ..So I am attempting to use a combination of medication support of family and friends AA as well as the fine folks of /r/stopdrinking (that would be you!) to accompany me on my journey. ..I am happy to report that today is day 7 of sobriety for me on the way to my goal of 30 days. I am taking it 1 day at a time but right now 30 days just seems like this mythical beast that I need to slay to prove to myself that I can do this...I am already sleeping better through the night although my mind is still a bit foggy and I feel slow-witted. I am also having to make a conscious effort to be patient and understanding with my family and friends as I am irritated quite easily which is very unlike me. ..I have been tested twice in the past 7 days - both times I had alcohol right in front of my face and both times I found it pretty easy to resist. I expect this to get harder as the demon of "you can have one drink" returns stronger than before. I've faced him in the past and now I am equipped I understand what "just one drink" will lead to. And it scares me. ..I haven't won an award and this isn't an acceptance speech but I want to thank each and every one of you for sharing your stories and offering strength and encouragement to others this past week. There was a specific thread that kept popping into my mind when I was tested at a cookout on Saturday (I am typing this on my mobile or I'd find it and link to it) and without it the day would have been much harder on me. ..Thanks for listening. ..Stay strong and sober everyone!.
----------immediate responses--------

You are off to a great start! If 30 days feels daunting remember one day at a time they stack up. Bravo!
First congrats on 7 days! It must have been hard to admit you have a problem and stop drinking after all those years. ..This community is great for congratulating accomplishments and feel free to brag about every single achievement no mater how small you think it may seem. ..This community is also great for getting people to point out your 'blind spots' or areas that you may need to work on to continue being successful in your sobriety.   ..I am thrilled that you have made it your mission to be sober for 30 days which after 3 years of drinking is going to be challenging. But why stop at 30 days? ..I'm sure you're saying "I'm not going to stop at 30 days I'm going to stay sober past that." Well the reason I say why stop at 30 is because you've really only made it your goal to be sober for 30 days. YOU"RE COUNTING DOWN when you need to be counting up. ..You see if you truly want to be sober there is no end date. Your goal should not be to stay sober for 30 60 or 90 days. Because once you reach that goal what happens? Have you won? No. Is it a great accomplishment? Yes of course but you've only won the battle you haven't won the war. You'll never win the war. ..What I'm afraid is going to happen is you make it to 30 you breathe a sigh of relief and think that you have this thing made! No worries! I made it! I slayed the beast! When you really haven't because the beast will return tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. "I've proven I can quit when ever I want. Why not relax and enjoy what I've learned about myself with a drink!"..Your goal needs to be 8 days. And then 9 days. And then 10 days...etc. You need to take this one day at a time. Every day is a victory but you can still be defeated tomorrow. ..Don't worry about making it 23 more days just worry about making it tomorrow. ..And if you want to count down for any reason count down from 1000000. After one million days I think I would feel comfortable saying that you have beaten your addiction to alcohol. ..Good luck and help other people out on here too. When you do that you're subconsciously helping yourself.  ..
So are you stopping for good or are you going for 30 days?  I'm confused.
Awesome u/desqview--I don't know if you ever took a musical instrument I did.  At the age of 31 I learned to play guitar.  I was already active in a choir and I knew a lot about music generally but learning to play guitar was hard.  Yeah yeah I know there are those 13 year kids that can solo like nobodies business on some incredibly difficult hard rock masterpiece--but guess what: you can't skip Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.  You must learn at least a few scales a few chords how to tune the guitar.  These skill sets are learned slowly deliberately persistently and daily until they become wired in your brain.  In other words the slow physical work of moving your hands over and over again rewires into neuro pathways that make playing guitar automatic...Sobriety is just like that.  Easy does it first things first persist and before you know it you'll be sober and sobriety will seem as natural as jammin' at a pickin' party or any other difficult thing you learned to do through practice practice practice.
