-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24r1ld/letting_go_of_resentmentsbitterness_need_some_help/

Hi 8 weeks of sobriety! Warning cathartic long post. Edit - for clarity. ..As I gain more time not engaging in the bullshit behaviors I was doing when I was boozing (plus like /u/coolcrosby suggests just growing up) lots of my hangups have just disappeared. Most of my anxiety depression and rage has really just vanished. Miraculously cured. Everyone notices it...I still struggle with one thing that I just can't shake. I know it's not a normal response because I only feel it when I'm tired away from AA or pissed off - but I have an insane bitterness towards wealthy people. Like murderous rage. And my brain still tells me that having a drink will make it bearable. ..It goes beyond normal loathing of ostentatious greed. I have a hard time enjoying myself sometimes because  I'll obsess over the injustice done by the rich over the poor until it literally feels like I'm going nuts...The thing is I don't even want that stuff.  It's like a default unhealthy thinking pattern when I feel stress and is a huge trigger for me...I know that compared to the rest of the world I'm far better off. My family loves me and we're healthy. ..Long story short - when I moved out at 17 it I was in horrible impoverished situation. I used to think that the whole episode was just a funny / quirky story that was the ultimate 'You think you were poor?'..I'm starting to realize that it really fucked me up and I'm terrified of being poor. Like David Copperfield terrified. ...So how do I just let go of something that happened when I was so young and impressionable?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;The thing is I don't even want that stuff. I don't covet it..&gt; I'm terrified of being poor...&gt;I hate rich people because it doesn't seem like they have to worry about scrabbling for food or about the knock in the engine having nothing to live on when they're old about living the same measly life day in and day out..So not sure this is a good SD post but it's here so I'll put in my two cents. It sounds like you want security and being rich affords people security. You are jealous that people have that security and you don't. You are also frustrated because in your eyes the only way to get rich is to fuck people over and you're incapable of doing that. You resent rich people because you think they are getting away with something that you are incapable of getting away with. ..I agree with you that you have to fuck people over to get rich one way or another. You have to always be making a profit which means overcharging. Overcharging is wrong in your eyes. ..My advice would be to ignore those people. I know it's easier said than done but be happy with what you have man. You're not the you of yesterday. Doesn't sound like you're on the streets. There will always be people who are better than you. Better at making money better at surfing better at making sandwiches...so you can't always think of those people. ..Think of all the people you're better off than. You're better off than half the population of earth. I'm pretty comfortable in making that assumption. If you live in America you're at least in the top 50%. ..Good luck staying positive and don't drink. ....
[deleted]
Maybe you could give back to communities living in poverty. Volunteering or becoming active in groups looking to close the wealth gap would occupy your time (Preventing drinking) and allow you and possibly your family to take an active role in a cause you hold dear. Maybe you shouldn't let it go but rather embrace it and turn it into a positive experience that can be shared to help others...Stay Strong and Stay Sober.
[deleted]
Do you have a therapist a pastor or some other respected impartial mentor type person that you could sit down and speak with on occasion? That pissed off and angry over something that's completely out of your control feeling can do long term damage. Even if it doesn't drive you to drink it can keep you unhappy and talking it through just might help you sort it out.
This Big Book personal story [Freedom from Bondage](http://www.aa.org/bigbookonline/en_theylostnearlyall14.pdf) is the most important thing I ever read on the subject.  It changed me.
I don't think anyone here can tell you any "concrete" ways to shake your resentment/rage/bitterness.  There are no magic bullets.  As you get more sober days under your belt you'll gain more insight and clarity.  That probably sounds like the company line but that's all there is friend.  ..When we drink we don't really acknowledge the deep seeded negative emotions/baggage.  We just numb it.  Sublimate it.  So it's no surprise that you are experiencing these emotions now sober.  It's good that you are acknowledging these negative feelings and trying to process them in a healthy way.  That's already a "concrete" step on the right path.  But like I said you'll have a much better sense of everything people have already posted here about 3 major tenets of sobriety--Gratitude Not Comparing Yourself to Others and Letting Go of Shit You Have No Control Over--as more sober time passes for you.  ..One more thought to add to others' posts here:..Have you given spare change to EVERY single homeless person you've encountered in the streets coming up to your car at traffic lights on/in/around public transportation?  EVERY single one?  Have you ever just ignored them?  Or walked by them without making eye contact?  When you saw a homeless guy without shoes in the park did you ever take the shoes off of your own feet to give to him (because I am fairly confident that you own at least 2 pairs of shoes so you CAN afford to do that)?  If you've never crossed paths with a shoeless homeless man and you did today WOULD you give him the shoes off your feet?  (Be honest.)  Do you donate food and money every day to your local food pantry (I'm sure you can afford a couple of cans of 89-cent beans or a buck or 2 because I am fairly confident that you probably buy yourself coffee/soda/lunch on a daily basis or spend money on other little luxuries or creature comforts)?  ..There are people that probably feel resentment/bitterness/rage toward YOUR wealth and the injustices that YOU'VE perpetrated with YOUR wealth...In addition to what others have said about imagining yourself in other people's shoes I'll also add that you shouldn't fixate on their faults/shortcomings (faults/shortcomings that are only PERCEIVED by your alcoholic mind).  Focus instead on YOUR OWN faults and shortcomings.
I think you'll find later on that your rage has nothing to do with rich folks your 17 yo situation or any other outside person or event. ...You're angry because you want to drink and you can't.  So now you're lashing out in your mind at whatever irritates you.  ...When I hit 60 days the rage became really bad.  I was wound so tight that knocking over a glass of water would have me punching walls.  I had to be so careful of taking it out on undeserving people (wife and kids). ...It took awhile and I still struggle with it.  Just realizing where it comes from can help.  ...I bet you wouldn't even think about rich people if you were happy drunk right?  It the booze man the booze.  
&gt;  but I have an insane bitterness towards wealthy people. ..This is SO cool man.  I TOTALLY listed wealthy people on my 4th Step Inventory for resentments.  Funny thing is I listed poor people on my resentment list as well.  Basically if you draw breath I hated you!  LOL :)
I really hate rich people too. I realize that when I rant on shit to someone they either don't care (and why should they?) or if they are listening and commiserating it's just a sort of MISERY FEEDBACK LOOP...My sponsor is a buddhist and I sort of dabble. We talked about resentment yesterday and we agreed that I should at least try *metta* which is wishing happiness to everyone. This includes people you already love and people you despise. I think you can probably see how wishing happiness to people you despise could lead to spiritual (controversial word I know) growth if practiced and sustained. So to simplify: I'm going to try to spend 5 minutes a day wishing happiness to rich people. The thinking goes that if people were truly happy there would be no injustice or inequality. Worth a shot. 
