-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24r3ow/thoughts_on_aa/

I just got home from an AA meeting. My 2nd one ever. The first one was filled with whiny people who seemed to just be externalizing blame. This one was filled with a lot of one on one talking which I liked... but then I was stuck there for 4 extra hours while my sponsor tried to remind me to never make a decision for myself and dedicate my life to AA and his wisdom...I'm a bit put off and can't imagine becoming a mindless drone. I heard a lot of guys saying things like "I don't know if I can tell you about what's bothering me. I have to ask my sponsor first." A friend of mine texted me saying she was having a sobriety struggle while he and I were talking and he said to talk to her later (hours later) because now was our time. I told him to fuck off because I'm going to be there for my friend when she's reaching for help..What has worked for you guys?
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I love AA. I follow the books advice best I can ..Once you work all 12 steps you are not supposed to complain in meetings anymore. You are supposed to inspire tjr newcomer and tell them how you do it.  For some people this comes off winey but I hope they will figure it out...Stick with people who you want to be like. Some meetings are sick and filled with negativity. Once you see that just dont go back. ..Find people who you want to be like and see what they do and how they incorporate the program in their own lives.
I've seen AA do wonders for people but I think for some of us it becomes part of the problem. Transforming from an active alcoholic to a recovering alcoholic did lead to significant improvements in my life but I never felt free of alcohol. It felt like most of the time I was walking on eggshells as if I was waiting for something to snatch away my new life. I needed to let go of my alcoholic identity to be free. ..I used to believe that I had special recovering alcoholic problems and that I'd need the support of people who understood my special problems. I know believe that alcohol stopped being my problem when I gave it up for good I've got life problems like other people. ..
I have used only this subreddit and the associated IRC channel...If you're a group kind of guy there are other groups.  A few of the more popular ones are listed in the FAQ.
I don't like your sponsor already.  How did you get a sponsor after attending only 2 AA meetings?..My advice is to attend different meetings until you find one you really like.  Then go to that meeting and find a new sponsor there.
You can't down vote at AA...I haven't been to a meeting except for everyday on this sub. ..I can share all day if I want to on here or just read. ..If I say something stupid off topic unhelpful or if I externalize minimize or rationalize irrationalities I'm getting down voted and you're not reading my comment. It's that simple. ..I have no experience with meetings IRL so I can't say don't go but I have experience on this sub and I can say come here as often as you can. ..Good luck : )  
Not that stuff.  What I had to remember was because of my addiction and what it was doing to my brain I did not always know what to do or what was good for me.  I didn't know how strong I was but I also had no idea how to quit drinking and live sober.  I had to reach out and ask and listen and learn what would work best for me.  Some People have a pretty crazy idea of what AA is.  Crazy as in downright wrong and they are everywhere telling everyone they have the only truth.  Sound familiar?  I try to learn everything I can about alcoholism and the damaged people can teach as much as the ones who are healing.  They just don't teach what they think they are teaching.  There are good solid psychological principles at the heart of AA but also a lot of BS brought in by the fundies and the crazies.  I learned I have to find a way to not drink and make the steps work FOR me.  I sought out the people who I thought were happy and sane contended and not busybodies.  Then I stuck with those people.  If somebody tells you you must do something you think is nuts (like kneeling down in front of them and saying one of those silly prayers) ask somebody else and somebody else again.  If everyone you ask offers the exact same answer perhaps it is something you do not understand yet but have to do.  If everyone you ask says something different pick the one you like best and run with it.  AA is wonderful but don't let the "bookheads" and "god squad"  and the "only one way to do this" guys ruin it for you.
My mantra...if you haven't been to a meeting you hate you haven't been to enough meetings. Some simply suck...If it is available go to different meetings. If you don't like your sponsor fire them that relationship is no joke you need it to be with someone you are on the same page with. ..I don't go as often these days but I heavily leaned on it when I first got sober I will be forever grateful for the impact it has had in my life and because of it it have been there for countless others. It was clearly manifested to me that my sobriety wasn't a blessing to just me it has been a life line for others...
[deleted]
For one I go to a lot of different meetings and try to find ones I'll relate to. Then I add 1-2 that are out of my comfort zone so I can witness other points of view. The whiners just want to be heard for a while but some are habitual. The good I draw from such meetings is that I feel better about myself. I think your sponsor might love the sound of this own voice but in the name of structure ought to set both start and end times. ..I must have gone to 30 different meetings in the first month. I quickly saw the ones I liked best and stuck with those. Try some different ones that you like and see if you don't find a completely different vibe at those. 
AA worked for me but I did have to find some quality meetings with people that were not whiners but also not preaching know-it-alls...I got a new sponsor recently with around two decades and I picked him because he said that he still fucks things up on the regular and has no idea what he's doing. But in reality he and his wife have adopted this beautiful kid and are six years into raising her despite the fact that they both have a few grown kids between them. So I see in actions that he has compassion and dedication. But he's humble enough to admit that he doesn't have all the answers. ..There are winners out there. There is an attitude of 'beat the newcomer into submission' out there because people are afraid that if you don't take all the suggestions right away you'll run out and get drunk right away. Fact of the matter is this is usually what happens... but if you really want to get sober you'll stick around a bit longer and put up with some bullshit to see what this is all about...AA really is the craziest best trip I've ever been on and I wouldn't trade it for the world. But it's an anarchy filled with evangelicals preachers holier-than-thou motherfuckers schizophrenics liars and blowhards. At least it's free!
What worked for me was embedded in the advice my sponsor gave me when I was newly sober: 90 meetings in 90 days.  In that way I was exposed to a full range of people meeting styles types of sharing and I was able to start building a program.  It was a great experience.
I read one book a week about alcoholism and recovery from the library whether I agree with it or not.  I go to cognitive behavioral therapy weekly.  I participate in the IRC chat to a) get a different perspective on life and b) share my experience if relevant to the situation.  I do work out of the SMART handbook weekly. I look at and answer the Work questions by Byron Katie daily.  I read other books like Thich Nhat Hahn Osho etc.  I read also for pure pleasure.  I have new hobbies and interests I actively pursue.  I examine my motives attitudes ideas and behaviors regularly.  Above all *I don't take a drink no matter what.*
How has your recent decision making turned out anyway?  Could you use some guidance from someone (or people) who've been where you're at and have gotten better?  I found it VERY beneficial to have someone checking my motives especially earlier on until I became honest enough with myself that I wasn't rationalizing and justifying my actions anymore/as much...All your sponsor is doing is suggesting that you change your attitude and actions.  And predictably you're rebelling against an authority figure and that's pretty normal for "newcomers".  But really how desperate are you to stay stopped from drinking and recovery from your ISM's?  Are you willing to put your faith in something that's helped tens of millions over the past 75 years and is currently helping millions worldwide?  Are you willing to accept the help that's being offered?  Sponsorship is a two way street and you're not the only one putting in time and effort.  Conversely you're not the only one who benefits from the sponsor/sponsee relationship either...Some sponsors sponsor differently than others.  If a drill sergeant type isn't for you find someone who has a different approach who can help get you what you want.  Having a sponsor who has what you want is worthless if they can't transmit it to you.  
I don't mind AA I think it's important for many people but I think it isn't the end-all-be-all or one stop shop for recovery. I remember hearing in the rooms people saying things like "There ain't no way you can stay sober without AA. Trust me I've tried." I'm the kind of guy who hears that and thinks...why not? Challenge accepted. I have been sober for nearly 600 days and I've changed my entire life - I've learned how to properly grieve how to cope with setback and emotional hardship with loneliness and with anxiety and stress. Without alcohol. And I did it all without ever going to AA...The most important things to change someone from being an alcoholic into a successful recovery are addressing the deep down issues for why you continue to drink and what compels you to drink in the first place. Afterwards look forward to actually being able to FEEL some emotions finally. I used to drink to drown out the sadness anxiety and fear. I also drank when I should have been very happy and ended up feeling like shit. Embrace the feelings you feel don't let them control your attitude and behavior and look forward to life. Good luck friend.
[deleted]
I agree that AA tends to make people mindlessly fallow the "path".   I went to my first meeting (for beginners) last week.  It started with reading a script then people were allowed to share for a few minutes.  It all seems so uninspired and forced.  I felt as if people were feeding off each other rather than bringing original thought and personal feelings and struggles to the group.  ..That being said I did realize a few things about myself.  On the wall were the 12 steps written out.  I realized I have been drinking because I haven't wanted to deal with all the baggage in my life caused by things that have happened to me and also caused by my sin and rebellion against God.  Step 3 states I must make a decision to rededicate my life for God (done months ago).  Step 4 states I must make a "searching and fearless moral inventory of myself".  Step 5 states I must admit to God myself and someone else (don't agree with the last one) my wrong doings (repent). Step 6 states I must ready to have God remove all these defects in my life.  ..I don't need to go to a meeting to hear others grumble about how hard it has been for them to not drink.  I don't need to go to a meeting to get down on my knees and seek God.  What I need to do is dedicate time each and every morning and evening to spend with God in reflection of my life reading and searching the Word in prayer and overall seeking God.  I need to take control of my life and my relationship with God.  Laziness is no longer an option.  I need to refocus and instead of spending all my days trying not to drink I need to spend all my days searching myself and seeking God.  Of course this is not to say I don't need help and can do this myself.  I am joining and becoming involved with a men's group at my church.  I will find someone there who I can call and help me through encouragement and support.  I have been doing it by myself and failing for a long time because it's easy to give up when I'm the only one invested in trying to change my life.  ..AA does work for many just not me.   have a plan that will allow God to change my life.  All I have to do is be disciplined and be held accountable to follow it then watch and see the miracle God will do in my life for His glory.
