-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24r9hh/daring_greatly/

I thought it would be a good idea to share a little about myself and really dedicate myself to opening up here. ..I am currently a 29 year old law student who has been drinking heavily for about two years. Ironically I didn't start drinking at all until about 25. At that point it was rare and I would only have a few beers. Occasionally I would get drunk but not often at all. I suppose you could say I was the average drinker. However after beginning law school my drinking became more frequent to the point that it was every night. Two beers turned into a pint of Smirnoff 100 which turned into Smirnoff 100 and a few shots of Blackheart. ..In the meantime my risky behavior also increased. I started driving while intoxicated I started drinking before and during one of my extremely boring night classes I would have a few shots just before meeting people and while driving to meet them and I occasionally would do something sexual with someone that I normally wouldn't do. I would also send drunk texts and make drunk phone calls that required the humble apology the next day. ..I think that deep down I always dealt with my problems by just gritting my teeth or ignoring them. I don't think I was ever emotionally and mentally healthy. So when I started law school it all came crashing down because I just couldn't balance it all anymore. Something had to give and it was a break down. But the path I am walking on now will end up killing me if I don't stop. So it is time to get right with myself and learn to love me. With all my faults with all my insecurities with all my good and bad qualities...I am not really into AA so I do LifeRing. I may also start going back to SMART Recovery since I like their model as well. One of the reasons I think I keep relapsing is that I don't have many friends. When you are alone it is so much easier to drink because you aren't held accountable. Well that is about to change. So in the spirit of LifeRing's meetings I am going to outline a few goals for next week. ..1. I will attend at least 4 meetings of my choice. They can be LifeRing SMART Recovery AA or an appointment with my therapist. ..2. I will begin to read daily preferably in the morning and do the work in the book. The book is called "The Gift of Imperfection" by Brene Brown. It isn't specific to addiction but it will most certainly help me get to the core of why I drink. (Sorry I don't believe in the disease model. I know I am no expert and have no sober time but I think we all drink for our own reasons and discovering those reasons is key to quitting the habit/compulsive urge)...3. I will go to the gym at least three times to lift weights and I will go on at least three walks. Neither of these has a time requirement I just need to go and get into the habit of going. ..4. I will prepare for my final exam on Friday by studying daily and learning as much as I can. ..5. I will drink at least three liters of water daily to get and stay hydrated. On the days I lift I will drink at least four liters. ..I think that is it for now. I hope my posting of goals isn't out of place here. This is more for my own benefit and to keep me coming back. I have read some great stories on here and I hope that I can some how add to this community. ..EDIT: Grammar 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the Subreddit I like the username...Have you given thought to having a game plan if you have to attend a function or event that has alcohol?..I'm big into planning for the unknown and for me having a plan is (I hope) going to be the difference between drinking and not. One of the many things I'll do is make sure I have a drink in hand. Whether it be water soda juice it doesn't matter as long as my hands are occupied and my throat is hydrated I'm more likely to say NO...Another thing that may work is letting people know you aren't drinking. If they ask you could tell them you're on a new fitness kick. ..The whole disease vs habit is completely irrelevant to me. You have a problem drinking and want to quit so do I who cares why? As long as we both recognize that we CANNOT drink...If you're using it as a means to getting back into drinking I think you'll fail. But for now I think you have a solid plan. Just remember every morning you wake up you are going to go one day without drinking. Before youk know it you'll have 6 months of sobriety to reflect on...Stay Strong and Stay Sober.
It sounds like you have yourself a good plan with a nice mix of activities. ..I love that book by Brene Bown. Self-hatred was a huge part of my problem and I had to learn to develop self-compassion. Brene offers some excellent advice in this book (I think she is also ex-alcohol enthusiast). I  found loving-kindness meditation to be a huge help for developing more compassion for myself and other people. ..I think it is great that you posted your goal on here and I hope you follow it up with comments about your progress. I think it is important that those of us who are following our own path in recovery share our experience. 
Good post! These seem like some sensible goals. It's a public holiday here so I'm totally going to spend the afternoon reading the book you suggest.
Welcome /u/OldDexterMorgan to /r/stopdrinking.  I like your plan.  This is what I did and what I still do if any of it is helpful feel free to use or not:..1.  Every day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate decision that I wont drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man who became my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction)...3. Tomorrow I repeat...It was incredibly important for me to focus only on the next 24 hours.  And not undertake too many goals all at once.  Remember this works best when we take First Things First.  For me sobriety has to be the priority..
&gt; The book is called "The Gift of Imperfection" by Brene Brown...You titled your post *Daring Greatly*.  She wrote a book with that title as well.  I found it an excellent read that definitely applies to addiction (not directly).  I highly recommend it.
Hey your story is familiar to me!..I like you never had a drinking problem UNTIL I went to graduate school (PhD in Statistics). I also fell into pretty heavy abuse very quickly which also escalated to driving drunk getting drunk before going to class etc.....Since leaving school one thing I realized was that my situation in school itself was really contributing to a lot of the issues I was having. I take responsibility for my decisions and my problem but with the huge amount of stress/uncertainty about my future and if I was even doing something I wanted to be doing definitely made it more appealing to just throw back a case of beer and pretend like I could avoid facing real life. ..I just wanted to encourage you to really reflect on why you are doing what you are doing and not just the drinking but also your choices such as school/career/life in general. I realized I had been making a lot of choices based on what I though was "right" or "acceptable" to society/my spouse/my parents etc... And basically felt like I was backed into a corner. When I finally decided to make a change and do what I felt was right for ME I became a lot happier (it also really improved my relationships with others!)...I don't know if this is anything similar to your situation (perhaps you love school/really know you want to be a lawyer or whatever you expect your degree to lead to) but after I got out of school and into a career that I really love a LOT of those external factors dissipated and it has been a LOT easier for me to deal with my drinking problem...Anyways sorry for the long reply Again not making excuses for my drinking problem but just letting you know what has helped me begin to come out on the other side!..
Easy Does It...You're setting pretty high goals but it sure sounds like you are being too hard on yourself - and the important thing for right now  is to not drink. Don't Think Don't Drink...It's OK to be kinda shitty at life while you learn to be sober. Don't be discouraged the race you are running is worth it! .
