-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24rvow/relapse_going_crazy_24_hour_blackout_where_are/

Yeah 26 male here again. Relapsed after meeting with my ex-girlfriend at a bar. I was at day 26 doing well. Then those evil self-convincing thoughts... "I'm just gonna drink today and then 2 weeks from now at our party. I can do it" or "I can't stop drinking at this age! How ridiculous this is... I will stop when I'm 30+ or something".... . .It went on for a while then I kind of convinced myself to drink. Went to a party blacked out next morning I'm at some random house party calling my dealer to score some drugs (coke or amphetamines) so I can stay up drinking and do whatever.... .. .Three-four days later a bank holiday weekend comes it's Wednesday night. I remember being at a bar with friends next thing I'm in a club next I'm... Wait it's 4 PM the next day I'm at this one day outdoor festival dancing my ass off. But where are my stuff? My leather jacket and my backpack with my whole life in it?  .. .Well guess what I've found my 400 euro leather jacket in the grass somewhere which is a bloody miracle given that there was around a 1000 people and it started to get dark.  .. .Of course I kept on partying left the venue around 2AM got home was looking for the afterparty... Passed out woke up a few hours later and then... Well I've hit up the afterparty with a pocket full of drugs and a lot of liquor just to spend another 30 hours in a totally blurry state of mind. .. .Even though I've found my backpack half of my stuff is missing especially a quite expensive voice recorder with a very important interview for my job on it. .. .Damn this is ridiculous. Oh yeah and at some point I've climbed in to my friends apartment through the window at 7AM just to find his new roommate there who've threatened me to call the cops on me. What the hell was I thinking?? .. .So 24 hours at least gone from my life. A lot of money is gone. I don't think I've done a lot of good for my reputation appearing everywhere (even if it was a festival and even if I am a party organizer/promoter) so damn f*cked up that I was unable to recognize faces or speak clearly or whatever......At least if I had sex I would say it had some value in it. But not even that (I can't remember anyway). . . .And it all started with ONE SINGLE BEER. It all started with that uncomfortable feeling of sitting in front of my ex looking at her beer while I was sipping water. Well that feeling was certainly a lot less uncomfortable than having all this pain in my body and all this shame and regret and the empty wallet and all the unfulfilled promises and..... ..Well I'm sure you're familiar with the rest. I'm starting it all over again currently on day 2. It's my 6th serious attempt in two years with the longest streak being 40-something. I'm also gonna go to AA again....I'm glad I'm alive seriously. Well if I was dead probably I wouldn't be able to b*tch about my problems online. Let's say I'm glad I'm not in a wheelchair 'cause I wouln't even know why I am in it. Geez.... .
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I'm also gonna go to AA again...Good! 
Focus on TODAY only and go to bed sober tonight.  
Why were you meeting an ex especially one who stirs up such negative feelings? Why were you at a bar? Why do your friends think it's acceptable for you to be in a bar?..All signs indicate that you keep leaving the door open to relapse. Your friends don't know that you need to make a change and you put yourself in bad situations to give yourself an excuse to drink...You have to do something different to set yourself up for success. Quit giving yourself excuses to drink.
[deleted]
I'm so glad you realize this all started from ONE BEER. I'm the same way my last release looked fairly similar I had been sober a few weeks then I went to a party (not planning on drinking) and had a beer. Next thing I know I'm hammered and on the phone with a drug dealer.....People like us can't have "just one." And sometimes it takes experiences like that to remove any doubt in our head that we can drink like normal people. .
Ugh.  Thinking back on what I used to put my body through.  
Shit I know this "one beer" thing so much! The last two years I try to stop to drinking I end up thinking:"What can one beer do? Just one and then I'll stop". That's why you have to stay away completely from alcohol. It's always the just one drink thing...Glad you're still alive and healthy. Could have been worse! 
This could have ended really permanently badly.  So many points where things were poised to go wrong an example instead of your jacket on the grass on the back of someone who objected to your saying it was yours.  Somebody gets hurt somebody gets arrested on a serious charge it goes on and on...You have been given a second chance use it wisely and I am glad you are going back to AA...Oh and I got sober at 39 nothing happened in the last 13 years of my drinking that came anywhere close to making it worth it.  Things got worse one binge at a time.   
Sorry to be a buzzkill here but .&gt;"At least if I had sex I would say it had some value in it. But not even that"..This kind of tells me that you aren't taking any of this very seriously. And that in some way you are probably even a little proud of these kinds of war stories (trust me I know all about that.) Nothing will change until you get serious about it.
&gt;  At least if I had sex I would say it had some value in it. ..Wasted out of your mind sex?  Has value?..I hope you hang on to sobriety today.  And tomorrow.  And repeat...Good luck! 
[deleted]
I knew I was making a serious attempt at sobriety when I used a relapse as a chance to do different things. I made a serious inventory of what behaviors led up to the relapse (not just the "I consumed some alcohol"). I examined those behaviors and honestly admitted that in the future if I engaged in those behaviors again under those circumstances I would again relapse. I knew I would have to change what I was doing and what I was thinking...It sounds like that for right now you are gonna be around partying because that is your work. But do you have to sit across from your GF while she is drinking? Is that required? ..How about a sober support list numbers you can call of people who will be sober 24 hours a day and will support you? I carry such a list and if there is every a time a drink is in my hand I will start calling the numbers to explain what I am going to do. It is not for their benefit but for mine it gives me a chance to short circuit my compulsive behavior and maybe just maybe prevent that drink in my hands from becoming a drink in system...One thing I do now that I did not do back then was make a daily commitment to not drinking... no matter what I will not drink today tomorrow anything goes and if I really need a drink I will do everything to wait just one sleep. Committing first thing in the day when I am strong and have no hangover makes it easier to commit that day. Day after day one day at a time...I could keep going on as I have relapsed many times but I knew I was serious when I seriously tried to change my behavior. Until that point I was just abstaining until the next opportunity. ..That is how I knew I was serious what are you doing that convinces you that you are serious? What can you to do convince yourself you are serious? 
Thanks for sharing your research.  Looks like addictive shit is still addictive. :/..Take care of yourself.  Kicking yourself in the pants NOW won't help.  Just get on your feet and take one step a positive step toward changing your life every day.  Works for me.
Dude  O'Douls has saved me from the awkwardness at bars when everyone's got a drink in their hand.  Not saying it would work for you but it's worth a shot if you can't keep away from the bar.  Last bar I went to was one of those micro brew bars with 100's of beers to choose from (couldn't avoid going because my parents were in town and my brother's band had a show there).  They had a few N/A beers which I gladly drank.  It was nice...With that in mind you sound like you are much more out of control than I was and maybe you should just stay away from places where alcohol is the central focus.  Being a promoter seems like it makes this an impossibility so I would really consider N/A beer.
Even though alcoholism sucks (blacking out and making bad decisions) just know that I think that was a hell of a trip. Crazy how we don't end up beat up somewhere in jail or dead man. Think about it every time you feel like having a drink and get terrified! Because once you have that first beer you'll become that fearless animal down to do whatever.. It's very frightening 
That's a really good post. I remember when I relapsed before it was the same feeling with a girlfriend and feeling all this pressure and nervousness to relax. .Don't beat yourself up about your reputation I bet it's not nearly as bad as you think. You're 26 I'm 21. We're meant to fuck up when we're young and fuck off when we're old. I tell myself the same thing "I'm too young to quit this lifestyle I'll be a boring geriatric before my time." But we make the decision to be boring or old or young or whatever. .Hang in there man I'm with you. 
