-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24sw7k/rere_relapsed/

I started again about a week ago and went on a HUGE bender..drinking at work conxtantly. My boss told me twice in the past 2 weeks  my breath stuck like booze. I work in a restaurant so its not a HUGE deal to them. He just told me to eat some mint. I dunno..I'm tapering today...just drinking beer and pacing it out. I'm just getting so down on myself after multiple relapses. Im tearing up while writing this ..I just feel like i will never get sober and its so upsetting ..okay now tears are streaming down my face..
----------immediate responses--------

You can but you're going to have to make some changes! What have you tried before? You'll need to add on to those things. You have to WORK really hard to recover...Relapses happen. They suck. A lot. BUT if you're not learning from them you're doomed. You need to ask yourself what keeps pushing you back to drinking and you need to be more proactive about stopping. Get to meetings get to a therapist get to detox whatever you need to do... fucking do it dude. ..No one here thought they could ever get sober. I was the same way. It was so daunting and such an impossible task. But here I am almost 7 months sober. My life is SO MUCH BETTER NOW. It's so worth it but you have to really give it an honest attempt (or several!). ..Good luck. Keep coming back keep getting support wherever and whenever you can. You can do do this!..EDIT: I should also mention that this is not my first try! I've been in your shoes before and picked myself back up and did it. If I can anyone can.
[deleted]
Welcome back /u/Rereoc -- this is a reminder; one I seized hold of again in 2009 after a +7 year relapse: don't drink TODAY only.  Go to recovery meetings and go to bed sober.  It gets better when I don't drink.
I'm sorry you are struggling. ..&gt; If you do what you've always done you'll get what you've always got. ..What action can you take that you have not had the courage to take until now! Certainly your job is not supportive of recovery. ..
I kept waiting for sobriety to happen to me. I had to learn that sobriety wasn't going to track me down. It took me a long time and many tries to get over the hump and take some action. ..For me it was a number of little actions that added up. I finally called a therapist and made an appointment. I started running again. I talked to my spouse. I made a point of coming to SD. I read. I wrote in a journal. I laid in a good supply of no-guilt high-end chocolate. I planned my day obsessively so that I would know what I was going to eat and drink at each place before I got there...Each little step helped. If you can find some step--any step--that you can do today now* you'll be one step closer to sobriety. ..You can do it and it's not a huge change as much as a bunch of little ones that add up...Good luck. 
Why are you tapering?  Stopping would likely be best...Welcome back. You can do this.
Looks like you gotta re re re re quit drinking...Fall down three times get up four...Good on you for having the strength to come and talk about it. No more crying :) ..
