-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24vruz/i_am_a_disgusting_individual/

And no this isn't that usual "self loathing" pity party...Seriously..I am disgusting!.Drinking took away all of my ability to "give a fuck" if you will. I'm lucky if I was showering twice a week. I can't remember the last time I shaved my legs. I pick up whatever's lying on the floor and wear it to work. Since I've quit drinking *ALMOST* two weeks ago...all of these things were becoming more and more apparent. I've gained WHO KNOWS how much weight (~40 pounds). I generally look and feel absolutely gross more days than not...Here is what I propose..I know this isn't r/loseit or r/progresspics or any other community based on those concepts. But I have to believe that I'm not the only person who has suffered in these ways. (oh god please tell me I'm not)...We should make a buddy system!.exercise! eating healthy! outfits of the day! etc. .The benefits are twofold. Taking better care of ourselves while distracting ourselves from the every day struggle of wanting to reach for a bottle (or a can or a glass). Threefold: new friends!..I know not everybody cares to take on something like that. And I also know there are people who have already started healthier routines. But I'm sure there are newbies in this sub that would benefit from it. I've seen all sorts of posts about gaining weight and a new addiction to sugar...HAVE AT ME PEOPLE..Input/feedback
----------immediate responses--------

If I sound like an ass I apologize. This early in sobriety focus on saving your life and worry about the waistline later. I could just be saying this because I am pregnant and my waist line is changing it seems daily. Seriously get into a program or plan that focuses on learning how to live and work it dividing your focus at this point is a danger zone.
Just over 2 months sober here.  The first week I was in serious detox drank a lot of fluid but hardly ate.  Weeks 2-5 I ate everything in the house.  At week 6 my appetite became more normal.  At 63 days I have lost 15 pounds.  People haven't really noticed the pounds yet (I'm 6'2" 260# so 15# isn't much) but everyone has been noticing my skin my face etc. looking much better.  And lord knows I feel a lot better in the morning.
For newbies SD usually recommends focusing on one thing at a time - most importantly not poisoning yourself anymore with alcohol. ..That being said there's obviously nothing wrong with people helping each other reaching other goals! 
The weight will come off- before my last relapse I lost 15lbs in 2 months just from being sober. Of course then I had a 22 month relapse and gained 35lbs. ..Feel free to pm me we can talk about this :)
I tend to agree with other posters that you should focus only on not drinking. Then every day feels like a success!..That being said many of the things you are talking about start to come naturally. I too went from being a mess to generally taking good care of myself. I shower daily. My laundry is clean. In fact I spent some of the money I would have spent on booze on a work wardrobe and a nice new bed spread for some self-indulgence. ..I totally feel ya that once I get a little sober time I want to take off *running* and improve every aspect of my life. I find that for me small achievable goals work best. Not drinking was my first 30 days in month 2 it's AA and month 3 is going to be the healthier eating route. ..I like your idea of the buddy system and all of those fun goals! How would you propose we do it?
I can relate to where you're coming from. I started my informal exercise more eat better drink less plan in order to lose some weight and I'm shocked at the fringe benefits that came along with sobriety. I feel happier and healthier and am saving a bunch of money. Hours per week that used to evaporate into a drunken haze of euphoria are now being spent cleaning and organizing...When you quit drinking losing weight just might be the least of the things that improve about your life.
You're going to see some big changes in your appearance by just putting your attention on taking better care of yourself on a daily basis which sadly we are often unable to do while in the drink-drunk-hangover cycle. 
stop drinking. the rest will follow i promise.
Just read your other post and found this previous one. My experience:..Drunk life self care: ditto to yours. I work in an office and wore the same damn 5 black/grey outfits Every. Single. Day.  My leg and underarm hair was so long it was soft.  I gained about the same as you weight wise. I felt disgusting. ..I drank every day for 13 years. I was an almost daily blackout drinker for the last 6 or so months of my career (honestly I don't remember how long it actually was. It was bad bad)..After I crawled out of bed after three days of withdrawals I felt like a completely different person and I wasn't just ready to start living a sober life I was ready to live and find myself. I went to the grocery store and bought a bunch of healthy foods. I had the myfitnesspal app already from previous attempts at losing weight while I was drinking (took forever for the 1000ml of white wine to fall off my "frequent" tab...haha... I had forgotten about that) and I started using it. I started walking 30-45 minutes every day. I shaved painted my nails plucked my eyebrows and bought new outfits when I started to lose weight (which was very quickly)... I also went to AA meetings and started working the steps with my sponsor. I was practicing self care and learning to show love to myself on the inside and the outside. ..I had a goal and that goal helped me put the thought of drinking on the back burner. I hit that goal (40 pounds) and reset my goal. I ended up losing 50 pounds in +/- 5 months (I also started running instead of walking around 3 months in).  Doing this straight out of the gate also helped establish healthy habits to take place of the unhealthy ones when I was drinking. ..Note to the sugar thing:  because I was eating slow carbs/low glucose foods and getting a steady supply of sugars in my body I never craved sugar (or alcohol for that matter). ..This is my experience. I don't feel like I took on too much and I never did feel that way. I felt and feel like I was doing the right thing for me. The best thing you can do for yourself is be honest and true to YOU my friend. Personally I think you have the right idea....it worked for me! :-)..I'd write more my about my experience but I'm sooooo tired. PM if you want to know anything else! 
