-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24ym9m/tomorrow_is_90_days_and_i_feel_great_but_i_must/

I don't think about alcohol as much anymore I do get cravings but it's not every night like it was at first...I feel much better my mood has improved immensely I look forward to work and I'm a kinder person...However I think I'm cheating perhaps. I've been tackling evening boredom with weed and other substances: Kratom Kava Kava and Gabapentin...Kratom is a very weak opioid and has effects as noticeable as a strong coffee or a sleep aid depending on the strain. Kava Kava is a relaxing analgesic and Gabapentin was prescribed to me for anxiety but can be abused to have an analgesic high. Overdose risk of these drugs is low; you can develop physical dependence but outright destructive addiction seems to be rare...I switch between them to avoid dependence but I also haven't had a night recently where I didn't take a little of something. To note with the exception of weed these substances don't always have an effect on me. I think it depends on what/whether I ate and when it doesn't do anything I generally shrug and go to bed...I truly believe alcohol is more damaging than any of these substances and I'm very happy to be where I am now instead of where I was. ..My goal was never total sobriety. But maybe I don't deserve the badge I have. compared to the struggles you all face in complete sobriety. I still want to keep it because it marks a quitting event for me with alcohol and cigarettes but I'll accept your criticism and/or wisdom...**TL;DR: I am free of alcohol but I have substituted weed and a few legal herbal supplements and an anti-anxiety med for evening boredom. Do I deserve my badge?**..
----------immediate responses--------

Well in my opinion your badge is in /r/stopdrinking and you have done that.  It's not /r/totallyfreeofallimaginablesubstances.  I think the question you need to ask yourself is why are you taking these?  Are you taking them to escape?  That's bad.  Are you taking them to deal with legitimate anxiety/sleep problems.  Not so bad.  You will get a lot of differing opinions on this.  Sobriety is a personal thing and it's up to you how you manage it.  I have a bad back and maybe once a month I have to take a percocet.  I have no issue with that nor would anybody I know.  If my back feels fine and I take a percocet to feel its effects for "fun" major problem.  I say do what you gotta do.  and be honest with yourself about your motives.  Don't beat yourself up about it though.  Congrats on the no drinking!
Harm reduction man harm reduction.
To me a drug is a drug is a drug...Congrats on the alcohol and indeed that is good and I don;t care about your badge.  But for me I could and did switch form one to another to another - and it all led me to the same place - and that was not happiness. So I had to quit most everything except coffee and ice cream on occasion...But that's me.  You have to do what is right for you.
Do you feel that these other substances are addictive (to you) at all?  Do you feel like you need them?  If you can honestly answer no to those questions then I would say that the badge is still deserved.  I actually smoked weed quite a bit in early recovery it was kind of a bridge between being drunk 24/7 and facing total sobriety.  The longer I went without drinking the less appealing it was to be high and my use kind of tapered off naturally - I haven't smoked in over a year and don't miss it at all.  It never had the same grip on me that alcohol does so I don't feel that it interfered with my actual important sobriety at all.
You're not sober. You're alcohol free. If that's what you're after good luck. I can't do it(weed) because it would allow me to drop my guard and I'd be drinking before I knew what hit me. Do you believe you deserve a badge? You're the one that makes that decision
I will never look at my kava tea the same.
