-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/24ypi5/why_is_this_so_hard/

I don't understand why I always feel the need to drink. For a good while I went about 2 weeks without a sip.  However I had a bottle of vodka a night for the past 4 days.  This relapse is worse than the ones before where I would try to drink beer only to end up drinking liquor later on while this time I went straight for the harder stuff.  It's getting to the point where I'm losing entire days to drinking...I have thought about getting some outside help.  I'm still not sure about AA but thinking about it.
----------immediate responses--------

It's hard because you have no outside help. It's still hard with outside help but significantly less hard. Good luck!
Well unless you plan on sustaining on that level of booze gotta consider quitting you have already acknowledged this is hard and it is but it is possible. Everyone here will tell you tapering doesn't work but you will try anyway. Someone here told me that among this group they know 5 in that have successfully tapered to a "normal" drinking amount. Two things about this one) there are over 15000 in this group 2) that number seems high to me. Like those odds?..I don't mean to sound like an ass but people who have a serious problem (at your level I believe it is serious) turn away AA before trying it I think of my son who hated brussel sprouts but never tried them. You don't know until you try it with an open mind. Turning away free help and support means you don't want to quit yet. You have to be willing you have to want it bad enough to take whatever help is offered. Coincidentally my son loves brussel sprouts now. ..My drinking habits at the end were a liter of vodka daily I struggled for 10 years before I got passed 90 days and I was working an aa program. I have 8 months now...Don't take the long arduous road I took. This is not a wishy washy issue black and white all in or all out....until you are all in...Try some Brussel sprouts....you never know.
/u/tawded -- it's hard because we are alcoholics and when we re-engage that progressive disorder that assaults our alimentary and our nervous systems.  When we relapse after 4 days of recovery we re-"kindle" all the pain and suffering of withdrawal.  ..We get sober and stay sober by 1. stopping drinking TODAY + 2. RECOVERY which in my case is a short walk to an AA meeting 5 minutes from where I'm sitting right now.  Or a stop after work or at 7:30 or at 8:30 or at 9 PM.  I get help with every aspect of this disorder.  
AA isn't really my cup of tea but even just reading the Big Book and listening to others stories helped me make some serious realizations.  All I could ever think was "Why hadn't I done this so much earlier?"..It's frightening and may break your ego but asking for help is something that you most likely need to do.  I fought my demon for 5 years straight without success.  It took my ex-wife leaving me to have me snap out of it.  You don't want a crisis to define when you quit: stop now on your terms.  Humility is part of the healing process: don't fear help.  It's almost impossible to win on your own.
Developing new patterns takes relentless persistence. I would recommend you reach out to someone with a lot of time sober in AA if you go that route. 
Each time you start again you are restarting the cycle of obsession.  Said another way you start the momentum in favor of drinking the next day (even if you intend not to) since the obsession has been reactivated.  It can be a vicious cycle and mental hell...For me it wouldn't matter if beer or vodka.  Once I start I am going to keep going that day and end up on a bad bender.  ..Outside help can make a huge difference.  There are various forms of it (AA SMART outpatient programs with a local health care provider even this forum) to consider.  Don't let perfect be the enemy of good - go try one and even if it doesn't seem perfect see if it helps you stop drinking...Good luck and hang in there.
It is difficult.  It's a huge problem.  Just look at the number of readers we have in this sub-reddit alone.  If it were easy AA wouldn't exist there wouldn't be "Friends of Bill W" meetings on cruise ships and forums like this wouldn't exist...When I first quit I tried to put together many tools to help me get and stay sober:..* I went to SMART meetings.* I talked openly with my therapist (who is a recovering addict herself) about my addiction.* I read books (including the Allen Carr book in the sidebar) about recovery.* I went to AA meetings.* I was VERY active on this sub-reddit reading and responding to as many posts as I could..* I was VERY active on the webchat (see the sidebar) talking with people who frequented the sub-reddit in real-time..* I was very open with my wife about how I felt and how things were going but careful not to lean on her too much..All of these things proved useful to me and they all helped me in different ways...Have you been to AA yet?  It's almost certainly not as bad as you think it might be.  And it's definitely helped a LOT of people in this sub-reddit.  I recommend at least giving it a shot before writing it off as something that won't help you.
[deleted]
It's only hard if you let it be a struggle. Once you've 100% made up your mind it becomes super easy. ..If you are open to AA- and it sounds like you are- those folks can definitely help you get your head around whatever you're struggling with...I also found EasyWay to be super helpful to me. I don't even entertain thoughts of drinking because something's "clicked" to where I know it holds zero value. None. Nada. It really takes the struggle out of it.
Because...alcoholism.
Being sober sucks at first then it gets easy then it sucks again.  You just have to remember that when it starts to get easy and you start to let your guard down thats when you're most likely going to slip up.  I tried AA and it didn't work for me personally but I did learn some lessons from it.  You should at least try it if you're thinking about it because it wont hurt.
If you google the AA Big Book you can read it for free. Take some time and read the book. It touches on what you mentioned as well as reiterating that as alcoholics we will never be able to drink like 'normal' people...You don't understand why you need to drink like others don't understand why they can't eat peanuts. It's how you're wired...At least you can eat peanut butter though...Stay Strong and Stay Sober
