-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/251k00/sixty_days/

This is a day early but I don't care I know I'm not drinking tonight.  This is my third or fourth time making it to sixty days but it truly feels different this time.  ..I am still going to group therapy and seeing an individual counselor once a week.  I started taking Wellbutrin after this last relapse and I'm not sure it's made a difference but it certainly hasn't hurt.  Although I do not have a home group or sponsor yet I try to go to 2-3 AA meetings a week.  I have found that what has killed me in the past is complacency; the moment I get complacent is when I pass the point of no return that ultimately leads to me drinking again.  As I get more and more involved in AA I will probably taper down on the professional help which is costing a decent chunk of change but I am not there yet.  ..What has really changed this time is my attitude.  I've always had trouble accepting the idea of powerlessness and letting a higher power take over but this time I've kept a more open mind towards that idea.  I picked up a book "One Breath at a Time" which relates the 12 steps to Buddhist teachings and practices and it has helped a great deal.  Rather than spending my time regretting past mistakes or obsessing over the future I've been trying my best to really live in the present.  Instead of spending my work week looking forward to the weekend and spending the weekend dreading the upcoming work week I try my best to live in the moment and give 100% to whatever task I am currently doing.  It works...I think I really noticed the difference last night when I was home alone for the first time in the last sixty days.  Rather than sitting around feeling sorry for myself and thinking about when my next relapse would be I was engaged in the present and at peace.  I had so many things I wanted to do that there was no time to mope around and sit with my regrets.  ..I am far more engaged at work.  I have not missed a day or been late once since the last relapse when I told my boss about my problem.  By practicing the mindfulness I've mentioned above I am a better employee than ever.  I know I'm probably not going to be at this job forever but I now do the best I can every day rather than obsessing over where I am going with my career next. ..I have made a conscious effort to improve my relationship with my parents and I am already seeing improvements.  I've always been resentful of them because despite not being "alcoholics" they have always been heavy drinkers which has made quitting a lot harder on myself.  By finally involving them in my recovery I think they are finally starting to understand how serious this disease is.  They are also making improvements themselves by not centering their lives around alcohol.  ..Finally my relationship with my girlfriend is better than ever.  It feels amazing to finally be able to plan our future without this burden on our backs.  I've known since shortly after we started dating that I want to spend my life with her but there was always this fear in the back of my mind.  I was afraid of being trapped.  I was afraid of being married with young children and having an overwhelming desire to drink come over me and not being able to escape.  I no longer have that fear.  I do sometimes get cravings but they are gone in seconds.  I sapped all the enjoyment there could possibly be out of drinking and all that is left with it for me is misery.  The peace of mind I am starting to give her feels amazing as I know her fear of me relapsing is starting to ebb as well...One of the other people in my group therapy session recently relapsed and he lost nearly everything.  He drank on a business trip and lost his job he's had for 20 years.  When he got back he hid from his wife and kids drinking in shady motel rooms for two weeks straight.  His wife filed for divorce when he came out of hiding.  He relapsed so I didn't have to.   Listening to him speak and tell his story filled me with fear because I know how easily that could be me.  He drank once and thought he could get away with it and lost everything.  That is why I believe it is so important to stay involved with some type of group therapy.  You need that constant reminder of just how bad things can be.  Sometimes at meetings you feel like you are sitting around with a group of veterans who came back from the same war.  All of the old-timers know how terrible things were and how quickly they can go back if you aren't constantly vigilant.  ..My biggest challenge yet is coming up next week.  I will be gone on a business trip for four nights away from all of my support.  I will be going with a coworker who I used to drink heavily with in the past.  I feel at ease though because I truly have no desire to drink.  In the past I would be dreading it thinking of every trick in the book to stay away from the bottle.  Now I simply don't want the misery.  I don't want to lose everything I've gained.  This doesn't mean I am going to be careless.  The coworker I am going with knows I am in treatment and I will emphasize to him again before we leave that I don't drink anymore.  The obsession with alcohol is fading though.  I am looking forward to this trip for what I can learn as an engineer and not dreading it because there might be a beer across the table from me at dinner...Looking back on this post I cannot believe I typed so much.  Getting it all out has put in perspective to me how much I have gained and if there is a temptation next week I can read back on this and remember what I have to lose.  I hope that anyone who spends the time to read this can gain something from it as we are all fighting this battle together.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats /u/powerless_1986 -- so why not plan AA meetings at your business trip destination.  When I travel that's how I get out of my tourist business bubble.
Great post. Thank you for sharing the insight you've gained. 
You NAILED the relapse in waiting. For me the most evil word....complacency. When I see it creeping I change things up in my program a different meeting change up my meditation time or frequency find new was to be of service anything to let complacency know I am serious and it can exit stage left...Congrats on your 60 days.
If you don't mind sharing what kind of group therapy are you in? In this sub I hear mostly about AA and SMART and am interested in other options. I too have been seeing a therapist. Thnx in advance. Congrats on your sobriety!
