-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2537jt/body_and_brain_rebelling_at_day_30/

I realize it's not the same for everyone but does alcohol try to make a strong comeback at day 30 or so?  Urges haven't been too terrible over the last 28 days but man I'm struggling today (now). ..I won't be drinking but I'm curious if this has a fancy name like "Urge Surfing" does.  Can't place a trigger for it but my mouth is watering for a beer with a boatload of anxiety covering it all.  
----------immediate responses--------

Didn't really matter for me I struggled to get over 90 days for 10 years now that I finally have I really haven't had big urges. That could change but I stay vigilant 
Cravings come and go. If you haven't struggled with them until now you are lucky. They can resurrect anytime. I'm not an advocate of believing certain things happen at any number of days months or years. Triggers were everywhere for me. After decades I can walk by a liquor display and my mouth waters. At this point I smile at the amazing indelible mark that addiction leaves on our brain and body. A bizarre Pavlov's response. ..Urges pass. Just ride it out as you are doing. What helps is to take action. Get up. Walk. Whistle. Call someone. Take out the garbage. Kiss the cat. ..Easy does it. Kudos for 28 days!
Sunny Fridays in summer passing by a beer garden do it for me. Must be something about July.....Triggers are funny and unexpected yet seem to be inevitable. Having some go-to tools figured out in advance is helpful for me. Chocolate exercise tea thinking it forward--I pull those arrows out of the quiver when needed and note the passing of the urge. Hang in it will pass--but I suggest you get some tools to make it easier next time. 
Thanks for the replies. Yesterday was my 2nd worst urge so far so I hope they go away (as much as possible).  ..I read a dr.'s article that yeast like Candida actually creates alcohol in your body from sugar. That's why so may recovering alcoholics get a sweet tooth.  I'm going to track what I eat and see if sugar causes a trigger since I had a Coke yesterday sometime before the urge started.  That and I'm going to learn more about recovery since the Candida thing is interesting to me.
Sorry it took me so long to catch up with this /u/DavesNotThere -- yeah my nervous system which was addicted to alcohol was amazingly resilient to my efforts to quiet my "alcoholic brain."  But daily vigilance has more that silenced that bastard.  
