-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/256s0n/my_new_personal_record/

I have officially beat my own record for sober time recently and this time it feel absolutely amazing. I have made some major changes and its showing! I've been working out a LOT (weights and biking LOOOOVE my new mountain bike!) working two part time jobs taking amazing care of myself my cats and my fish playing in a hobby band (shows and recording next weekend!) and got a tattoo finished with all dat green. Bosses at my two jobs are fighting to have me to themselves! Offered by one to be a manager which I dont think I will take but its nice to know I am valued...So yea things are going pretty amazing. Even on rough days my worst days I dont even consider drinking. Of course that nagging thought comes in but it is quickly discarded and recognized for what it is...Over the past 8 months or so I have had many sober stints and relapses and my step dad always asks me "whats different this time?" Well... I stopped going to AA. I gave it months of time got a sponsor and it just wasnt for me. But you know what I tried it. It works for so many people that anyone new to sobriety should try it and fully commit to it to see if it will work for them. This time feels different though. I am almost always happy almost always energetic and engaged. I am enjoying what I have. One thing I spoke to my roommate about who is also recently sober at 120ish days is that our experiences have made us extremely humble. I am okay with working shitty delivery jobs FOR NOW and living in a small house with 3 other guys FOR NOW...It could be better. It wont be easy to make things better but there is one quick and easy way to make things much... much worse. I dont post or comment much but I do check in here almost daily and I appreciate you all for support and advice...Also my parents come home from a 10 day vacation tomorrow. Sunday is mothers day and my moms birthday. She will come home to a clean house (my little bro lives there) flowers candy and both a birthday and Mothers day card and all their cats got a bath. I also went over there every day to check on my little bro and make dinner for the both of us. He has some minor learning disabilities and if left alone he would probably trash the house and eat nothing but chips and pizza so good food was had by all! When they were leaving I had the thought "this would be the perfect time to drink and not get caught" caught by them or my roommates cause I could just stay there and hide in the basement watching TV. Sure I couldve gotten away with it but it would have caught up with me. Trust would have been shattered jobs likely lost gainz dwindled. For the first time in recent memory I realllllly did not want to drink... for myself...Sorry for the rant (its late and I cant sleep) and my very discombobulated thought train.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey that's quite the accomplishment! I know how you feel and it's one of the best feelings in the world after you can really start to see the results of a continuous battle. That support that you have from the friend that is also sober is really valuable too so make sure you foster that relationship and keep it real. Honesty between two former problem drinkers can go a long way. ..Just be careful that you interpret your successes in the correct way! I know that when I went through periods like this the better I felt the more I felt I could "handle" drinking. I used to also set time goals for myself like trying to stay sober for six months or a year and then worry about drinking after it was up. Normal drinkers never have to do that though. It just felt like I fixed everything and I had no more reason to get way too fucked up all the time. But I seem to get fucked up just because alcoholism runs in my blood and that's the end of that...Seriously this sounds quite awesome make sure you see it as a continued sign to keep doing the things your doing and stay away from alcohol. Helping people on this subreddit is a great idea to check in and feel good about your sobriety. Good luck!
Good for you--I'm still working my AA program and it's played the central role in getting me to here.
Hey WonTonBurritoMeals! Great to see you posting and to see your progress. That's one thing I love here on SD - to see where people started and how far they've come in their recovery and it really sounds like you have your head on straighter than I've seen you previously.  Taking care of your little bro was a stand up thing to do and as you know helping others actually helps you too! ..You've come a long way brother...keep going! :-)
keep up the good work!
