-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/258s5a/when_is_the_transition_from_youth_to_problem/

I know this might not be the place to ask such a question but I wasn't sure where to ask.  I am in my mid-20's and I feel a bit young to have a drinking problem.  I usually go through a pattern over a period of about 3 months not drinking to moderation to blackout event and then back to not drinking.  I struggle with moderation and do not think it is a path I could sustain or perhaps I am still too young with a peer group who drinks and thus drink to be social and then over do it.  I was curious other people's thoughts on the realization that there is an addiction vs. stupidity in youth.  I feel uncomfortable going to meetings given my age as well.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I feel uncomfortable going to meetings given my age as well...Does this mean that you are going to meetings?  Never too young to have a problem BTW.  You are just lucky that you recognise the fact before the whole shitstorm hits.  There are Young People meetings as well . Just look them up for you area.  Good luck.
Alcoholism doesn't discriminate come one come all. Even if you are the youngest person there look at it this way the rest of us look at you and wish we had the sense to get to a meeting that young....would have saved me 10 years of life that I drank away. 
Transition from youth to problem: is precisely when you begin to prioritize drinking (or any other activity for that matter) over what is important. 
Sounds just like my 20's. Then a traumatic event occured in my life and I turned to the bottle to escape from the fear and pain. Once I started drinking every day I found myself unable to stop and it just got progressively worse from there until at the end I was blacking out almost every night. ..You are fortunate to be able to recognize that your drinking may indeed be a problem and take steps to make it not a part of your life anymore. Without drinking you have the opportunity to be able to learn healthy adult coping skills so if something like what happened to me happens to you (god forbid) you would be able to process it in a healthy way. You can have the Not Evers instead of the Not Yets. :-)
When alcohol is a mental obsession that becomes a physical compulsion that whey you give into it--you probably are at risk to drink uncontrollably and engage in impaired and dangerous actions--you might no longer be drinking "youth"-fully.
I am in the same boat as you. I am mid-20s as well and I have been wondering if I should consider getting help for a drinking problem. Although I am hesitant to question whether I am an alcoholic because I ussally just binge drink once on the weekends.   .AA meetings seem like they are for people who are alcoholics who have alcoholism. I don't think i have alcoholism so I feel like the meetings will be too intense. Although I have never gone to one. I guess it couldn't hurt to give it a try at least find out for sure that it's not for me. Maybe the same thing could work for you?  .  .Either way if you think it's a problem you should change your habits. If you can't do it on your own get some help. Even your family doctor can help.  . 
Got sober at 17. Now am 43...The only difference between me and my friends that kept drinking (alcoholically) is that my life got better and theirs got worse.
I'm getting sober at 24. That idea of "oh I'm just young" was an excuse of mine for awhile. I realize now though that people without drinking problems don't tend to lay awake at night wondering if they have drinking problems. Don't ignore that voice of reason. ..Don't let your age intimidate you from the rooms either. I have found lots of diversity in AA in general and there are a lot of young peoples groups and resources in most cities. You should definitely check them out. 
&gt;I struggle with moderation and do not think it is a path I could sustain..There you go. If it's a problem it's a problem. I stopped when I was 24 and I should have stopped years before that. As for AA there are young people there too (though you may have to shop around to find a meeting that suits you) - and there are young people's meetings available if you prefer..
Started having same issues at about 25. Wish I had went to AA before 35 and at least learned what I know now. Could have saved 10 years of wasting away. 
