-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/259z27/today_makes_2_weeks/

So today makes 2 weeks my first mini-goal on the way to my able goal of 30 days. (With the ultimate goal being permanent abstinence of course.)..It's been interesting. A week or so ago I started having nightmares usually about being chased or attacked military style. Truthfully I've found them interesting. ..What I haven't found interesting is the constant feeling of dread like something bad is about to happen. I know it's just my brain adjusting to life without alcohol but I wish it would pass already.  ..The bloating in my mid-section has significantly decreased but my digestive tract has not been very happy. I'll spare you the details. ..I have had a few urges but they quickly passed. I am so glad I involved my family and friends this time. It was so easy to relapse before because I wasn't letting anyone down but myself - which I could always rationalize. My best friend came over on Friday and we talked for a couple of hours. He recounted the last drunk conversation we had (that I of course don't remember) and I was so embarrassed...Overall I think these past 2 weeks have been positive. I am looking forward to the next 2 weeks so I can revise my 30 day goal to 6 months!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 2 weeks!  That's awesome.  I once had great success at a similar goal oriented approach.  In late 2013 I was far less successful.  I needed a long-term life affirming change of thinking and correction of my behavior...One of the reasons I wanted to respond to your post was to simply say that the dread you describe natural but unnecessary.  Life is rich if you are open to looking at it for what it really is.  The shear fact that the planet formed is amazing.  The process of evolution or creation depending on your perspective are against immeasurable odds.  Let alone all the day-to-day wonders...I guess I'm just saying you've got this and you are worth it.
Big Grats! Major milestone. 
Good work and best wishes for achieving your next milestone.  My experience is that I achieved my milestones by staying focused on one day at a time.  
Well done. Keep it up!
First congrats...On the dreams: I realized I had few real dreams when drinking.  So when I got sober having a number of vivid and sometimes scary dreams was something to adjust to.  Only point is it is pretty common...Keep it going.
Good job! Embarrassment and blackouts are a big factor of why I quit. .Just hit my first week planning to hit a lot more. ..Rock on! 
Hello and kudos for two weeks. I didn't set any goal but one day at a time. Anything else was too overwhelming. It was smart to let other people in on your plan. My guess is that anyone who sincerely cares about you is happy about your decision. 
Congratulations on 2 weeks! Don't be too worried about stomach issues in the beginning. Your body is going through lots of changes right now. I drank LOTS of water in my first month and it helped. For me it seemed like one month was a million years away but that felling eventually went away. It might help if you keep busy. I played lots of video games to pass the time and get out of my own head.Give it a try.
Can't wait to be where you are thanks for posting!
