-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25ldgm/21st_birthday_and_returning_home/

So anyways today is my 21st birthday and I did not drink today since I quit a month ago. I wasn't too worried about this because I had a Final tomorrow and was not planning on going out anyways. still though I will take it and this may be my one month mark. ..What I am worried about though is the fact that I am returning home tomorrow and seeing some really close friends of mine who happen to be heavy drinkers and they are going to want to celebrate. .I have not told them about my decision or the events that lead to this decision. My first problem is that I am unsure of how to tell them. I am not worried about them not supporting me but really I am ashamed that I hit my rock bottom and cannot join the shenanigans like I used to...Another thing is that my will to stay sober is also waning. twice I have stolen sips. The main reason I am stopping is that I am trying to stay out of trouble. This is not the most motivating reason to stop and is especially difficult being sober in college when all there seems to do on a Friday night is drink...Overall I am again feeling overwhelmed with this and am incredibly worried that I may relapse. Any thoughts could use some help...tl;dr: Going home on my 21st birthday back to some friends. worried about falling off the wagon
----------immediate responses--------

You mention the events that led to this decision - are they still valid? I think about why I've quit any time I consider drinking again. ..As for feeling ashamed that's pretty normal. The thing is by having the courage and strength to become sober you are proving yourself to have wisdom to see that drinking was not working for you. Being born with the genetic disposition to be alcoholic is not shameful in my view. Figuring it out as young as you are and doing something about it is quite admirable...If you become the sober friend you'll become someone they admire - if not at first after a while. If they are heavy drinkers now they may begin to question their own habits in the future and may look at your example...I know that's probably a hard thing to hang onto when you're young and your friends are going to want to party but just don't forget why you stopped in the first place. That party that sounds like it might be fun could end very badly...As for what to do on Friday nights does your college have some clubs or organizations that might interest you? I know mine had lots of them and I knew people who were if not completely sober way more sober than I was. I didn't hang out with them because I was caught up in drinking WAY too much but there were certainly better things I could have been doing had I wanted to..
Staying out of trouble is a good reason to stop but how bout trying to get up to some good? Avoiding pain (staying out of trouble) is a powerful motivator but an even stronger one is being rewarded for positive behavior. ..I've been telling friends lately and it's a little hard because you kind of have to get serious and be like "I have to tell you something important" but it isn't scary and everyone I've told has been extremely supportive and understanding. I even ask them to ask me questions to let them know that it need not be treated like the shameful secret our cultural stigma imposes (that said you are also entitled to request and expect privacy about your decision). ..There's this notion that telling someone is delivering bad news but it's the opposite. It's great news. It's fucking wonderful honestly. If a friend told me "Hey I'm doing something that is going to improve my health safety finances future and sanity" I would be thrilled for them. If your friends can't adjust to getting to enjoy a better healthier version of you then they're not your friends. This is not to say you should draw lines in the sand and force them to declare allegiances but it's a process of adjustment for them as well. You could even start it with "Hey I have some really good news..." Also own the shame. I told a friend today and was straight up "It's fucking embarrassing and there's so much shame but I'm done with it. I'm moving on." and as soon as I said that the shame was gone replaced by relief. Shame is an illusion that disappears as quickly as you can say its name. 
Happy birthday /u/LWings21 -- we will be here should your will to stop drinking return.  Good luck on your return home.
