-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25lnsm/some_insight_about_good_vs_bad_days_from_a_newb/

Hi all..This process has been a struggle but I've started to experience good days. They're certainly not every day sometimes good days are just good afternoons but at least they're there. I relish them. It was scary for a while there that bad days were what normal was as irrational as that may be...Today wasn't a good day despite my efforts to make healthy choices and reach out. I spent time in a park allowed my self "early sobriety" treats (junk food laziness etc.) and reached out for a bit of help and I was still craving a drink all day; it's not the immediate physical craving I experienced in my first couple of weeks but a dull ache sort of feeling. I dunno if there's a transitionary state between the physical cravings and purely the mental obsession but if there is then I think that's where I am...My good days are when I do things aside from just focusing on recovery now. Everyone has their own path I know but for me I need to actually get out there and do the few healthy things I have left from my drinking career. I need to have lunch with a friend GO TO WORK talk about books or news or TV shows ride a bus with smelly people pay bills and generally just function like an adult human. I'm fortunate that avoiding triggers doesn't have to mean skipping life...The above might seem obvious to a lot of you but I know that I got to a point that sobriety had to come first if I stood a chance. I mistook that as having sobriety as the only thing in my life for a month - maybe that's what I needed but now I have a few hours of sleep and a few healthy calories in my system and I need to get out there and contribute to the world and live a bit of life. That's where I am in my story anyways. I'm so grateful for all of your anonymous Internet faces in helping me get to this point. 
----------immediate responses--------

When I first started out  I thought like many all it have to do is not drink problem solved. I could not have been more wrong. Learning to live sober was hard! Everything from sun up till sun down was different and wrapping my head around that is very difficult. More time makes it easier incrementally I had to accept that all the good things  weren't going to be on my time table. Were it not for AA I would be a dry drunk it helped tremendously with learning how to live  a sober . Hang in there!
To be perfectly honest not really I thought it was absurd the concept of getting to a step working it and just "turn it over to God" and poof it's gone. It takes a lot of time. I heard someone say to a person checking into a 90 day rehab try to get to step five....I've been to rehab 3 times I never got near that far. I didn't know if I was just a slow learner or what. Telling me "you should be farther by now" was very discouraging. I apply the steps through Buddhist principles and that is helping me a lot more...for me...As far as the guilt and shame goes it just took me time counsel and and persistence. There is no magic bullet. I just got to a point that I was not progressing because of it. Once I could see that the relationships I repaired had forgiven me it was easier to let it go if I didn't I wouldn't progress and I sure as hell wasn't going back to where I was. if that's my two choices I'll let it go...I don't know if that helps...
Good work /u/disastermode.  
