-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25rocb/101_dalmati_sober_days/

If I had 101 spotted dogs I'd be hard pressed not to have delusions of making a fuzzy room out of their skins and.....No.  Animal cruelty is bad.  :-P...So I just got back from a FANTASTIC meeting.  An old timer from our group who had 9 years relapsed and just got back from a 21 day treatment.  Stark reminder that even the best of us can slip if our mind is not in the right place.  It was good to see him.  We welcomed him back with open arms and he admitted that "none of (us) could do anything while (he) was out there..." - How true.  You have to want what we have and be willing to go to ANY lengths to get it.  Even if that means a relapse...My sponsor is pretty great.  My job is pure shit but I wake up with a thankfulness for it that I did not have in my previous state of mind.  The miracle is -for me- pretty goddamn real in the sense that serenity and accepting the unchangeable is TANTAMOUNT to my success.  I was around alcohol at a social gathering (with good reason to be there) earlier today and had absolutely no desire no thoughts for or against a drink.  The obsession has simply been lifted...I believe in the promises and AA has worked wonders for me.  Lurking SD has also been a great resource as it's like hearing from a fellow with each post.  Thank you for being here.  Life is getting a little more manageable every sober day.
----------immediate responses--------

.Seriously though good days are an absolute gift. "People" said you're on the pink cloud/honey moon and I can tell you it absolutely doesn't have to. ~~I lost the~~ The cravings left within the first months and the only reason I look back is for perspective I never want to forget how bad how utterly dismal my life was. ..The novelty of my sober life hits me everyday one way or another. Nothing is carved in stone now and I have a new hope (jedi joke in here somewhere)...Here's to another day (toast's with [ginger beer](http://www.saxbys.com.au/) from the gods)
Congrats on 101!
Nice number!
