-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25rx8u/today_was_a_win_for_me/

Today was good for a couple of reasons. First it was a day off. I have tons of things to catch up on. Still haven't been sleeping well - the quality of sleep is going up I'm just still not falling asleep easily or staying asleep for more than 6 hours. So I didn't rush out of bed today and took a while to get going. And I don't feel at all like I was working very hard or even trying all that hard today. ...I got through two tasks that I've been procrastinating and dreading all week and they were no big deal. Not only did I not feel the same negative feelings about them I also could see pretty clearly how to proceed getting them done. I also did some other small stuff that's done a lot to make my life feel more orderly and in control. All done in a leisurely way over the course of maybe four or five hours. And I don't even feel like I'm functioning on all cylinders yet....This may not sound like a big deal but it is enormous for me. The last I don't even know how many years five? six? seven? I've felt so overwhelmed by the practicalities of life. How to get laundry done bills paid on time be places on time take care of social obligations get haircuts go to the dentist etc etc etc. It always seems like adulthood is just this never-ending list of *stuff* that I can never get on top of and I don't really understand. It really gets me down and I struggle to stay on top of it and feel bad about myself when I can't. And yet so many people around me seem to get it done plus more....It never occurred to me that drinking was the problem. Honestly. It was only today when I was putting things away and tidying up that I realized that in my adult life I've had very few periods of extended sobriety. Even when my drinking has been moderate it's still been fairly regular (once or twice a week.) As my brain is starting to feel clearer and sharper I'm realizing just how much drinking has affected me *even when I'm sober.* It isn't just the being drunk or the being hungover that's affecting my productivity and ability to function there's been some sort of carry-on affect in the days after. And I've pretty much never waited long enough between drinks to get beyond it! ...The other great thing about today: I went out to see a band with a friend. It's my first non-work non-meeting social time in the last nine days and i was feeling a little cautious about going into an environment with drinking. Came up with some plans of things to do/say in various scenarios. Was surprised to notice how very few people were actually drinking and that most of the ones who were nursed a single drink through the entire set. My friend asked if I wanted a beer and I said water and that was it. I actually enjoyed the band quite a bit more than I did the time before when I was drinking and I saw them - I'm not a musician but I felt I could stay with the music more. So not only was it an okay night it was actually probably better than it would have been with booze. And tomorrow will for sure be a better day because of it!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on staying sober at a bar!! Im typing this as I just got home from a bar too and managed to stay sober. It gets easier being around drunk people ( if you have to ) as you stay sober longer. People still advise me not to go to bars because it is a big risk but if you go with a plan to not drink and how to avoid it you can stay sober. I was amazed by how people don't even notice if you are drinking or not! I had a glass of water in my hand and everyone assumed it was probably vodka or something. but still always be cautious!!..   |It always seems like adulthood is just this never-ending list of stuff that I can never get on top of and I don't really understand...This is such a perfect statement I couldn't have said it better myself. It can get super overwhelming thinking about all of your responsibilities big or small I find making a long list of all the things I need to do and crossing them off one by one helps a lot. When its written on paper its not longer in your brain and you don't have to think about remembering all of them!!..Congratulations on your sobriety!
No matter how small the victory celebrate it. WHHOOOO!! I'll celebrate with you. ..I think its very important to feel the win most of us haven't felt that kind of inspiration for a long time. ..Congrats on 9 days keep keeping on.  
All good! Would we steer you wrong?
