-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25uigg/i_just_really_need_to_get_this_out_crazy/

My alcoholism took everything from me: education job all of my friends girlfriend apartment my family's trust my self respect.  And yet when given the opportunity I become so weak and give in...I was given no choice but to move back to my parents' house where my 30 year old brother still lives.  My brother was the first person I opened up to about my desire to quit and what booze was doing to my life.  Like most sensible people he wasn't sure what to do.  Loved ones tend to ask themselves "Where's rock bottom?"  "When do I step in?"  The exact same way I was asking myself these questions..."How far is too far?"  .."When should I legitimately ask for help?"  .."How sick is too sick?"  .."Maintenance drinking leads to sobriety right?"..Eventually I was no longer a "functional alcoholic" and every morning was such a struggle.  I knew I needed booze to get straight but the two blocks walk to the liquor store was horrifying because I constantly felt like puking or passing out from all the stress my body was under.  I did a few detoxes which ended up being spin-dries and it wasn't long after that I was fired for drinking on the job...I needed something more in-depth than a three day detox or AA meetings.  I'd just show up to AA half in the bag with a bottle in my backpack using the trip to AA as an excuse to pick up liquor while putting on this facade that I was working towards sobriety...So I went to rehab...While in the program I found a lot of like minded people and learned a fondness for AA and NA.  On family visiting days my brother came and admitted his own alcohol and drug dependence.  He had kicked crack and was using alcohol as a leg to stand on to keep him away from street drugs...After I graduated the program my brother and I attended AA meetings together while I was living in the city...Then I relapsed lost everything and that's when I had to move back to my parents' house in the middle of fucking nowhere.  The AA/NA meetings were no longer age appropriate.  All of the attendees were much older than me and consistently gave my addict brain a *well I haven't done that yet* attitude.  ..In my struggle my brother decided that it wasn't worth it for him anymore.  He started inviting over younger kids in and around my age kids I went to high school with that are trapped in this town to drink and smoke weed and play video games.  While I was doing my best to stay sober kids I used to hang out with were having fun in the next room.  I can't put my relapses on him that's on me but it made it very difficult.  When he'd leave the house I'd peek in his room to see bottles of booze.  I couldn't resist my urge to drink them...This toxicity led to the point where my brother would hand me money to make booze runs for him to replace what I had drank...Two days ago I was doing really well when my brother stumbles in drunk trying to hang out with me.  Not offering booze but reeking of it.  My wheels started churning waiting for him to leave so that I could raid his stash.  I stayed up all night not able to sleep thinking of what I might have in store for a morning buzz...When he got home I was drunk and I blamed him.  In my now sober mind I know it is completely my doing.  I told him that if he's going to drink it would be better if he did it at a friend's house or not be so open about it.  All I wanted was for him to respect that I have an issue with drinking and that I can't be around it...**This is where it gets good.**..Instead of being understanding he set up motion sensor cameras in his bedroom to record if I walk in.  He also bought several bottles of booze and laced them with his urine feces cum ex-lax spit and blood to hide throughout his room.  Only one is the current bottle he is drinking the rest are traps...When he told me I laughed.  I told him that's the perfect warning to keep me out of his personal space.  There's no way I would risk drinking his cum or spending multiple days on the toilet...Then he went a step further.  He told me the motion sensor cameras were't just to let him know if I had been in his room but if I borrowed a video game movie or anything from his room he would use the video as evidence to press charges against me.  Obviously if it doesn't leave his place of residence and no damage is done he can't press charges but it's the fact that he's become so hostile...I then said "Fine but please don't be drunk around me.  I need a sober environment if I'm going to get better."..To which he responded "I don't care.  Your problem is your problem."..Although I'm really sour I know he's right.  It's really shitty that it had to come to such drastic measures but this is what my addiction has done to my relationship with my brother.  The one person I had left to confide in...I've decided that it's not only the actions of those around me but mainly my own actions that are too skewed from sanity to remain living here.  This environment is toxic but I've made it this way...In the morning I'm going to start making phone calls to my counselor at the rehab center and sober houses.  If I'm going to beat this thing I need to be babied urine tested the whole nine yards.  When I'm left to my own devices ten times out of ten I'm drunk.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done it seems like you are willing to do what it takes and that's anything and everything. ..It sounds like your brother has some problems of his own...Good luck and keep keeping on. 
I think it shows a great deal of self-insight that you recognize the need to remove yourself from the situation with your brother and will be calling your counselor to find an alternative living situation. 
Terrific post u/analogfrog I'm so glad you shared your story and willingness to go to any length to get and stay sober.  
