-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25xxuv/reading_a_number_of_relapse_posts_this_morning/

Having had my share of relapses I found something that finally makes me understand the delusional thinking of my brain:..*"Why is it that the first thing people do when they decide they aren't alcoholics is go out and drink?"*..Every time I wanted to drink I decided that I could have just one.  Why did I want even one?  Because I am an alcoholic...This is the closest thing to an epiphany that I have had in a long time...I hope everyone has a sober day - just for today.
----------immediate responses--------

Good thinking! Kind of like my "what would a cure for alcoholism look like?" post of the other day. For a lot of people it would mean being able to drink with impunity. If "a cure for alcoholism" looked like never drinking again would we (the greater "we" outside of recovery circles) pursue it?
That's brilliant! ..I guess I can have a drink again when I truly don't want one anymore. But then why have it?
Brilliant insight funny that huh?
Yes. I don't think I've ever had the urge to prove that I am not addicted to crack by smoking crack responsibly. Why try it again with booze?
Seize the day!
I spent 10 years trying to prove I wasn't an alcoholic. It almost makes me grateful that I get a visceral reaction at the thought of drinking. At the end I was crying and vomiting my first few gulps of the day....so pathetic.
I've done a lot of thinking but I haven't thought about that. That's really it in a nutshell. It sounds like the opening line to an observational comedy bit doesn't it? *"Did ya ever notice..."*
If I am an alcoholic then I shouldn't    drink.  If I am not an alcoholic then I don't need a drink anyway. 
Haha this is perfect. 
"Why is it that the first thing people do when they decide they aren't alcoholics is go out and drink?"..It's funny yes. But for me these are the most important kinds of statements. I've read a number of such statements in this group and I add them to my toolbox. I like to think I use "reason" and being able to fall back on these kinds of logical statements is awesome. Thanks!
I heard a similar one on here: "I wish I could drink like a normal person I'd do it every day!"
Yes.
[deleted]
My mom used to say about smoking cigarettes if I could smoke like that I'd still be smoking!.
