-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25ydyw/help_interpreting_alcohol_screening_test_results/

I scored an 18 on the test linked to in the sidebar. It recommends: "Simple Advice plus Brief Counseling and Continued Monitoring" but I really have no idea what that means. ..About me: I'm 29. I drink every day. Usually in moderation. But about once or twice a month I'll drink a lot. ..Things that scare me: When I get drunk (meaning I have more than two or three drinks) I can't stop drinking. I'll go until I pass out. If there is booze in the house I WILL drink it. Usually in moderation but I will always have some. I can't keep a liquor cabinet in the house b/c I will consume it all. I have a family history of heavy drinking although no one who admits to being an alcoholic. And the biggie my SO has asked me to cut down because she thinks my behavior when I'm lights out is putting a strain on our relationship. ..I have been sober for 8 days. I haven't experienced any withdrawal. And I've isolated myself from temptation. But I know that won't last forever...I've struggled with other addictions in the past tobacco and drug use. Nothing too serious but I had problems with both.   
----------immediate responses--------

The recommendation of that test doesn't make a lot of sense to me either.  I think it is impossible to boil down some simple instructions  based on a small set of questions...You are through the physical stuff and it's good you had no withdrawals.  Isolating from temptation is also very wise.  It need not be permanent but keeping physical distance between you and alcohol until you no longer feel it's "pull" is the right thing to do imo...It sounds like you are doing what you need to do!
I think your story tells more than any test can. 
Hello and welcome. Whatever the test results you show signs of alcoholism. Not being able to predict what will happen once you have a drink is one of them. It's called loss of control. Another is having a high tolerance being able to drink more than a normal person. Compulsion is also a symptom. So whatever your test results your choice to stop drinking is wise. Alcoholism is a progressive disease which always gets worse never better...Staying sober is the hard part. Most of us aren't successful without help. I had treatment a counselor and went to AA meetings. It is comforting and encouraging to be with others who understand. I took it one day at a time. The legal system will probably have requirements that will be of great benefit. Don't drink today; I won't either. 
Welcome /u/stopdrinking8745 to /r/stopdrinking --I got my answer to my questions about my drinking the night I went to my first AA meeting.  Let us know if you need a blueprint for getting and staying sober.  Good luck.
If you think it's a problem then it's a problem that can have a solution...I went to AA and from some of the stories that I've heard I came before things went really bad...You don't have to lose everything to admit that you have problem. It takes strength to admit it and do something about it before it's too late to keep from losing everything...Good luck I found help in AA.
You know I've been involved in conversations like this before... "am I drinking too much?" "how do I know if I'm an alcoholic/drug addict?" Here are my thoughts:           .     .I think these labels can be dangerous because someone would presumably have to meet some standardized set of criteria in order to be "diagnosed" with alcoholism. (And this is where I tend to nitpick when it comes to calling alcoholism a "disease" too). For almost every disease known to man there is a uniform list of symptoms by which to diagnose it. If you don't have the symptoms of Disease XYZ no competent doctor would diagnose you with it.      .     .Alcoholism is much different because the "symptoms" can differ greatly between alcoholics. Not every alcoholic has a high tolerance but most do. Not every alcoholic drinks daily but many do. Not every alcoholic blacks out gets a DUI experiences liver failure or gets fired from their job - but some do. So where is the line? At what point does a social drinker become an alcoholic?     .     .In my opinion *wondering* if you have a problem is a pretty damn good indicator that you do because a thought like "Maybe I have a drinking problem..." doesn't just come to you out of the blue. Something must have happened to make you ask yourself that question. Maybe your 2 beers with dinner spiraled quickly into 10 or 11 followed by some shots. Perhaps your fun night out with friends ended in World War 3 with your SO once you got home. You get the point.      .     .This is not to say that an alcoholic acquires alcoholism the day s/he first wonders if they have it - many will live with and die from alcoholism without having such an internal dialogue; rather my point is that if something in your life has given you reason to wonder if your drinking is problematic the odds are dramatically in favor of that being the case.      .     ."Alcohol Screening Tests" are cute little tools but I think it's easy to see their true purpose is to illuminate an alcoholic's alcoholism rather than to give social drinkers a pat on the back for keeping it to 2 glasses of wine on Friday nights. Can you even imagine such a person finding a reason to take the "test" in the first place?     .     .TL;DR - Don't worry about interpreting the test results. Re-read your post and you have all the answers you need.     .     .Best of luck with moving in the right direction. 8 days under your belt is a fantastic start. Keep coming back even if that means just lurking for months on end like I did. 
The test is really do you want to stop before it gets worse before consequences come out and play?   ..You can't do it for her but you can admit she has a valid concern and see that you should do it for yourself. 
Every test that I've done online has always said I was OK. Then I ran out of booze Friday night snowed on the weekend so I couldn't get more felt anxious on Monday and had a nervous breakdown on Tuesday. ..The addiction counselors testing / screening audit I did told me I had a chemical dependence. Hard to argue with that. ..AA will give you tools to start and stay sober. 
