-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/263tij/struggling/

Well I'm depressed. A lot of it is fueled by money. I lost a bunch of it recently on some bad investments. Before that I left my steady work to chase some new business dreams. That hasn't been working out. Rented out my house but I'm going to have to sell it soon...The material things don't bother me so much. Not being able to have and support a family does. Being unhappy with my career does. I don't know what I'll do for money in the future. I just feel like giving up...Not sure what else to write right now. Thank you for your support..
----------immediate responses--------

Bad times. It would be worse if you were drinking. Coming out of it sober and with a fresh perspective might be just what you need. To many that sounds like the freedom to start over and change your life in whatever way you want to.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is happening with your business dreams? I understand that new businesses almost always lose for awhile as they pay off capital investments and stuff. ..Why are you unhappy with your career? Why are you unable to have a family? Vent away homie. 
For me the one day at a time idea is the most useful around money concerns.  Do you have enough to support your family today?  Are you still in your house today?  Tomorrow is tomorrow's problem.
I am not an entrepreneur but I have met some in AA and they casually talk about making losing making again lots of money and things  but the really precious thing is their sobriety.
Last Friday the IRS swept into my pathetic little bank accounts and seized all of my money; they seized my paycheck; they levied my employer and I've been essentially penniless since then.  They have also not returned my or my accountant's phone calls.  The levy says I owe nearly 3/4 of a million dollars (2/3ds of which is interest and penalty).  Yeah I'm bummed.  ..Strange as it might seem I have a smile on my face I'm happy and sober and I have had a wonderful 5 days since then with my family and friends.  ..My situation with the IRS will work out some way--in part because I'm sober.  Believe it or not I've been through far worse situations SOBER in my life and the world is filled with incredible tragedies.  Money is just a form of energy.  It comes it goes and if I don't tie my ego to it--I will transcend my loss.  I will be free of one more bondage of self...Good luck.
Drinking won't help you get your money back..It won't support your kids..Right now being sober is the best thing you can do for yourself - you are more resourceful than you will ever know and you have all the tools within you to get out of this mess.
Sending you positive thoughts. Not gonna blow sunshine-- sometimes thing are rough sometimes they suck. I'm sorry you're going through this. Keep posting and sharing.
Bad times indeed. Exercising has helped me cope with my depression. I find it cathartic to work out. My small business is struggling but surviving for the time being However I may be taking a buy out within the next couple months from a bigger company. The thought of this makes me feel like a sellout but I have come to terms that my dream of a small business is much different than the reality and that it will not be the critical piece to my happiness. I find certain videos help put things in perspective. My favorite is "It is always now" by Sam Harris. Stay sober and strong! 
Sometimes things get worse before they get better.  I hope you're about to start on an upswing.  Keep trying.  Some days that's all any of us can do but it's a lot.
 Nothing a drink couldn't make worse. Things will change again. They always do. We are pretty good at adapting to new circumstances too.  
Very good perspective; "things would be worse if you were drinking".  275 days is pretty good relishandjam.  Don't let this get you down because if you do you might find yourself in a spot similar to where I was just two days ago; yelling and screaming match with my wife about my drinking.
