-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2652w3/the_wedding/

Several months ago in the dark time I was asked to host a wedding. My best friend asked me to perform the ceremony house some guests for a few days and provide the grounds for the service and party - he asked or I offered it's hard to tell with those memories. Either way; I was drinking at the time...As the date of the wedding crept up the calendar my anxiety grew. The liquor list grew. The guest list the number of kegs the sheer variety of troubles I could get into all grew. The Bride and Groom arrived earlier than I expected with a guest. The Canadian entourage began to filter in I had a fellow sleeping in the trees out back in a sort of hammock-tent! What I had thought would be a one-night shindig turned into a Thursday-to-Monday affair...I was offered drinks at every turn of course. I bounced from beer to beer like a pinball in formalwear. Never accepting never explaining my method was to maintain an unaffected air of business and comeraderie as if the idea of a beverage simply didn't register. I didn't even bother with a "no thanks" most of the time I just continued the conversation along or made my gracious "excuse me's" and went to check on a different guest. Nobody pressed me. No one even asked. It was an amazing relief to discover not only that I could handle saying no during a party but also how little anyone even my closest friends would be affected by it...I was shocked to find four weeks had passed already. I've been attempting to get sober for a few years now and felt pretty horrible about this last relapse but I feel armed to the teeth with both defensive and offensive strategies now. /r/stopdrinking has been a significant resource in these last four weeks and I'd like to officially thank anyone who read this far because you're the active part of this sub that helps people like me.
----------immediate responses--------

Ah that's just super good news.  Congratulations on getting through this stressful event.  Onward and upward.
Fantastic.  I'm proud of you.  
I read this earlier in the day and didn't have time to post. Just wanted to pop in and say good on you! Great job! Sounds like you're working this thing. :-)
