-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/266g5k/it_happens_once_a_year/

We all get reminders of how short this life is. Reminders come in many different forms today a very close friend I went to college with quit smoking a year and 2 months ago but today he was given the diagnosis of COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease) the nice way of saying emphysema. He isn't even 40 yet now he is forced to face his own mortality because of choices he made in the past. ..I spent last weekend with my Mom and Dad who are 67 and 71 respectively. They just moved into a new house in a new city. Their bodies are wearing out this was the first move that they had to rely on movers. It was weird seeing their bathrooms were fitted with safety rails my moms knees are shot and dad had a minor stroke a year ago so I applaud their measures. My mother told me that they revised their will just what a kid wants to hear. It was pretty cut and dried process and her main concern was who inherits copyrights of her books so that it wouldn't default to any of her publishers...Eighteen years ago today my husband and father of my son was killed in a car accident. He was a sleeping passenger the driver fell asleep at the wheel my love died instantly driver walked away without a bruise and them proceeded to father a couple kids got strung out on meth as of six years ago I don't know if he is alive or dead. My husband struggled with addiction cleaned up before we got married. He was an amazing father for a little over 11 months before his demise. ..We met in All-State choir in high school he went on to make a pretty decent living as a musician when he proposed he pulled me up on stage and sang Eric Clapton's You Are Wonderful Tonight. When he died the last song played was his rendition of American Pie that was the day music died for me. It took about 10 years to come back still some songs I just can't listen to. ..I still can't believe I succumbed to addiction that I came close to making my son an orphan. I can't say yet that every day is a blessing I don't believe in a grand plan I've been thrown to many curveballs to have any predictions. I would love it if my life got boring but what I want is never what happens so I wake up sober every day and I strap in for the ride. If anyone wants to join me keep your arms and legs inside the ride at all times the only thing I know for certain is that it won't be boring the tunes are good and we pick up hitch hikers and anyone else that needs a lift out of life's ditches. If you are game lets go!.
----------immediate responses--------

Great post Sarah.  Can I call you Sarah?  I'm sure that's not your name but it's easy to type...Literally two minutes before your post [I watched this video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yuwMhvuECw)  We were talking about that old show Sports Night in IRC and it was linked on an article I'd referenced.  Not really *all that* related but it's also about an anniversary.  There's not much to it I guess but I'm still chalking it up to a freaky coincidence.  Life is more fun that way...Thanks for sharing. And thanks for the reminders...Count me in!
&gt; I would love it if my life got boring..Boring is overrated. I'll take the ride and risk the curveballs. Some of them may work out to be in our favor. Thanks for the invite put me in coach!
I genuinely don't think I could come back from something like that. Pretty inspirational. 
SarahSiddonscooks thanks for sharing this and I am giving you a big bear hug and saying that everything is going to be ok.  Just keep being you and thanks for all the help that you give us on this sub.  .."The race is not always for the swift but for those who keep running".  ..I love hitch hikers.... I got some root beer and my guitar.  We can all make up some new songs on the ride for the new times ahead. Wait..... let me find the tambourine...ok found it.....Lets roll.......~Tex
Thank you my friend Sarah for this beautiful and moving post about your family and losses and HOPE.  Bless you today.  
[deleted]
