-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/269960/got_arrested_for_a_dui_yesterday_dad_thinks_im_an/

So last night I was arrested for a DUI. I was pulled over for weaving on the highway and making a wide right turn. They asked if I had been drinking and then had me perform field sobriety tests. I did fine on those and then they breathalyzed me. I blew a .15.... so I'm currently about to deal with that...I do like to drink. I am not chemically dependent on alcohol. I don't need to drink I usually don't drink. However I've kind of wanted to have a party lifestyle feeling like I'm missing out on college but I've taken it too far. The other weekend I got blackout drunk and had to be taken to the hospital until someone could pick me up. That should have been a wake up call for me but it wasn't. This DUI sure was though...I took the assessment test from the side bar and got Zone II simple advice. Which I think is reasonable maybe even a little lenient. I obviously haven't been responsible. But I personally believe that I have just made poor choices lately and the DUI has shaken some sense into me. I want to take a bit of time completely cutting alcohol out of my life but I don't feel like I need to do it forever. I think that I can drink occasionally and be responsible about it. My dad thinks I am an alcoholic though. Based on the blackout hospital visit and now my DUI. ..I don't know if I'm posting to the wrong place and I kind of feel like what I'm going through is nothing compared to a lot of people on this subreddit. I also don't know if it's okay to ask if I can still drink responsibly on here with so many people struggling. I suppose I'm just looking for advice on whether or not I am an alcoholic and in denial or if I just messed up really bad and am able to learn from it while still occasionally drinking responsibly.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/GoGoGadgetGlitter to /r/stopdrinking -- question: are you aware of the tragedies that routinely occur when people drive drunk?  No?  Seriously? ..My question isn't to make you feel guilty but as a middle aged man with two small children I WAS WELL AWARE of what tragedies routinely happen.  I had been continuously sober for 15 years and I knew people who had killed others in drunk driving "accidents" and yet the beer took the beer took the beer and the next thing you know I'm careening home drunk with my kids in the car.  ..Alcoholism isn't just about drinking too much too often (although most of us get there by doing precisely that); alcoholism isn't about drinking and getting drunk because I'm happy or sad or because there is some sort of funeral or some sort of sporting event or because I didn't get the job or because I did get the job--alcoholism for me is when I'm still thinking about alcohol even when I'm not drinking.  At the end of my drinking I was lying about my drinking I was minimizing my drinking or my clownish stunts while drunk frankly alcohol had become for me a power greater than myself.  ..My answer: stop drinking and recover.  I did the first by making a decision to stop and I did the latter by going to AA meetings...So my suggestion and advice: take the 30-day sober challenge.  Quit drinking for 30 straight days then reappraise.  If you have trouble stopping for 30 maybe you will gain some real insight.  If after 30-days you feel completely different consider going 30 more days.  But whatever you do get honest open-minded and willing to think about alcohol differently than you did previously.  Good luck.
DUIs are a wake-up call for many people including me. I got my first at 19 and blew about what you did. Cost me a lot of money and time for the court case. After that the insurance cost and residual issues plagued me. I started asking myself if I had an issue at that point but drank for 10 more years on and off with more legal troubles related to drinking and driving among other things. ..At the end of the day you have to answer the question for yourself. Is drinking causing more problems in your life than it is worth? How difficult is it for you to stop for say 6-8 weeks? Maybe you are just going through early life issues as many do DUIs are certainly more common these days and many older people I know including my father would have had several in their younger years under the same set of strict rules. ..Try some controlled drinking for a while and see how it works. Keep a journal of your thoughts and feelings the next day. Are you blacking out? Do you drink more than intended? Do you find than when you start you have issues stopping? If so you likely have a problem that moderation will not solve.
Even if I don't think you are an alcoholic I can say you are headed there pretty quick and it is not to be taken lightly and you should take some corrective measures for your health and the safety of others. I am a raging alcoholic but I've never had a DUI when I saw that as a very real possibility I was so scared of hurting someone else I got rid of my car 7 years ago so I wouldn't kill anyone. Your DUI penance may include alcohol education or awareness or AA I would admonish you to take it very seriously and be very respectful of the people that are there because they want to save their own life. ..There is no clear line of demarcation when you go from a social drinker to an alcoholic you think you will see it coming but the warning signs are hidden very well. One day I woke up with no job no relationship failing health no friends no dignity few choices left wondering how I got there...You might try the sub cutdowndrinking if it speaks to you better than we do. Like many here I was desperate to save my life nothing but abstinence was an option.  
Try to drink responsibly for a month.  No blackouts no arrests no driving after drinking.  See if you're able to do it.
I wasn't an alcoholic until I was. Eventually bad shit started happening faster than I could deal with it. I hope you don't have to find yourself in that position!
Dude.  You ended up in the hospital and jail due to alcohol.  How do you not think you have a problem?
Echoing what the others have said...quit for 30 days and reassess.  A month is a blink of an eye in the big picture but it will help you assess where you're at.  If you can't do it you gained some insight into a potential drinking problem...I don't know how old you are but your story sounds a lot like mine at age 21.  DUI blackouts.  Embracing the party lifestyle.  Now I'm 37 and struggling.  What I would give to have quit when I was younger...Thanks for sharing your story.  Best of luck to you.
Alcoholic or not by you own admission drinking has led to some huge mistakes recently. I agree with coolcrosby take a month off and see how easy you find it. Maybe get into a program of sorts ... I'm sure it would be seen as a positive as far as the DUI is concerned if you proactively look to address the issue. 
&gt;I think that I can drink occasionally and be responsible about it...So do that. None of us here can really tell you if you're an alcoholic and alcoholism is progressive anyway. ..Looking back I can see red flags along the way in my drinking career but it didn't progress into what I would for me consider full blown alcoholism until I was 21/22. I'm having a flashback to a post I made on a forum that was somewhat similar to this OP when I was 23. I'm 30 now and let's just say my drinking never got "better" I was never able to control it etc- once you cross the line there is no going back. But again that's really something you're going to have to hash out for yourself perhaps with some professional help if that's your thing. 
Your dad is probably not wrong to think that way.  The evidence is not your favor.  However it's also not dispositive.  Some people go through periods in their life where they drink heavily but later go back to normal drinking.  The tricky part is that those two classes of people the non-alcoholics and the alcoholics are virtually indistinguishable at this stage of the game.  Especially to the subject himself.  ..The sidebar test places a high value on regret.  If an alcoholic doesn't feel bad about his drinking &amp; still manage to keep his life together he will not score very high on the test. The test is a diagnostic tool intended to be used by medical professionals as a way of starting a dialogue.  It's just one of many so don't put too much weight on a low score...Whether you are or are not an alcoholic you will probably not be drinking for a while.  The court won't allow it.  It will also likely require you to attend AA or a similar group so you'll have plenty of sober time with which to decide whether you are or are not an alcoholic ya know?..If you're unsure I'd say don't make up your mind just yet.  Go into this with an open mind.  Because I will tell you nearly every single alcoholic was once in your shoes. Like I said it is very hard to tell the difference early on.  You may well be a normal drinker who made a few mistakes.  Or you may be an alcoholic with the opportunity to stop this problem before it gets out of hand.  You would be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't keep an open mind...Good luck to you. I'm glad you found your way here. Welcome!
[deleted]
As others have pointed out this is generally the wrong place to come mention that you've been arrested and hospitalized claim to not really have a problem and ask for advice lol ;)..One angle I've been thinking about lately is that while i am a raging alcoholic I've never had the slightest bad consequence--being arrested hospitalized hurt someone etc. to this end I can't really relate to many of the stories involving chaotic tragic outcomes. I don't think I'm better than them I just can't understand...It's entirely possible that you're an alcoholic with a DUI who can't understand the seeming normalcy of what looks to be more casual drinking...Either way I'd urge you to get help before you hurt someone and spend 10 years of your short life in prison
You almost died twice recently and your asking us if one day you can drink responsibly again? Forget about alcohol forever. Don't ever pick up a drink again. When you are alive married with kids in 10 to 20 years you can come back here and thank us.
[deleted]
&gt; That should have been a wake up call for me but it wasn't. This DUI sure was though...first you don't have to get hung up on words or definitions...second [you might read my post from yesterday](http://redd.it/267hur) to realize how lucky you are...third the courts are likely to send you to AA or iop or something you can be one of the guys who sits in the back making wisecracks under your breath mentally or you can listen  keeping track of why this does not apply to you - or you can listen not have all the answers and take something from this experience - some better understanding of your self...will you conclude you are an alcoholic? I don't know but you wont have wasted an opportunity and will be I would guess less likely to have to repeat the process down the road
I'm an alcoholic. I've never driven drunk (did ride my bike drunk though) never got arrested never got hospitalized didn't drink every day didn't drink in the morning etc. etc. etc. ..It never mattered. I could not reliably moderate when I did drink. That's where I drew the line. )the longer I stayed sober and talked to other alcoholics the further down the scale I saw that I'd actually gone I was prone to isolation and self recrimination and negative thinking mental circle jerking. All characteristic of alcoholism...This elevator goes all the way down. You decide where to get off.
[deleted]
Wow..... you know I was a caregiver for a few months for a man who was a quadriplegic since 1986 because he drove his truck drunk crashed it and lost the ability to ever care for himself again. Every morning I would have to wake him up change his catheter wash him and he laid there and could do nothing but talk and moan. Is that the kind of life you want? Please get help. I was a party girl in college too but you know where most of those people ended up dead in prison or flunking out of school. If you need any kind of substance to get your fun on then really how fun can you be? Work on being able to entertain yourself with or without drugs and you'll see that you never needed them to have a good time in the first place.
If any one of your friends got you arrested and made you really sick you'd quit hanging out with them. Alcohol doesn't deserve any special treatment. If you don't have a problem drop the alcohol because you see what kind of couple of weeks you've had. If you do have a problem get some help. DUI's are a pain in the ass. Getting a second or third one can ruin your life. It'll be impossible to get a job. That's if you are lucky enough not to hurt someone else. ..It's time to do some soul searching. You know that. Just be honest with yourself. 
