-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26ey9d/today_is_day_5_of_sobriety_this_time_around_tried/

Hello All.I'm a female in her early 30s.  I've been drinking heavily (and increasingly) over the past 9 years or so.  I had a stomach surgery a year and a half ago that was unrelated to my alcohol abuse but I was required to remain sober for 3 months post-op.  During those three months I didn't drink but I used Vicoden Ambien and Percocet at various times so I can't say I was truly clean and sober.  When 3 months ended I decided I'd finally have "a beer".  A year and a half later I've gained 60 lbs my skin is red and a mess...I'm tired of waking up embarrassed and worried about what I did the night before...tired of being afraid every little pain and ache is caused by my alcoholism and I finally am coming to terms with the fact that I'm killing myself.  This weekend is so very hard though.  Summer holidays are definitely prime party time for me. The weather is nice and I want to be on my deck drinking.  This past Wednesday I attended a women's AA meeting for the first time ever in tears.  They were very welcoming but I'm still feeling lost here.  Tomorrow and Monday I'm attending social events where I'd normally drink.  I'm not sure I'm strong enough. At least I survived today.  Just needed to vent and I hope to hear from some of you.  Thanks for reading.  
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! I'm a 30 year old woman and I too gained 60 lbs (more really) in a year and I'm just starting to work on losing it now. The drinking was killing me as well. Even after just 3 weeks sober I feel better physically. Just focus on one day at a time. If you think the social events coming up are going to be too difficult to get through and stay sober can you get out of them? I'm trying to just put my sobriety first and do what I need to do to stay sober each day. 
Welcome /u/NonnyMouse69 to /r/stopdrinking--I'm really glad you posted and I'm encouraged for you that you have been able to accomplish 5 days and you made an AA meeting.  With consistent sober daily actions you will feel a lot better in short order.  This is what I did and what I still do to get and stay sober:..1. Each day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting an almost PHYSICAL ritual that I incorporate every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). My days sober are directly correlated to my AA attendance and activity aka moving my feet! I can't say enough about how valuable this was in coming to grips with my emotions.  I know you felt pretty out of it when you went to that womens meeting which is all the more reason I'd encourage you to try daily meetings for awhile. ..3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me in these early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol...We will be here on /r/stopdrinking to support you as long as you need us as a resource...Please keep sharing as you go along.
Know what... I always find an excuse to drink.  In the summer it's obvious to sit by the pool go camping go to the trailer... and knock back many many cold ones...Then when it's fall it's starting to get cold it'd be so nice to indulge in multiple shots of scotch.  In the winter it's Christmas time so I think I'll have a couple of bottles of wine a night.  In the spring I'm getting excited for the warm weather so I'll have anything...There's always an excuse to do it I've realized.... I've found my bottom line is that no matter how good the excuse seems I always end up waking up the next morning feeling like crap angry when my kids are loud being lousy at my job angry at my wife for being angry with me for getting drunk again... BROKE bank account because I keep telling myself "it's only $30".  Times 7 times 52....  that's like ten grand...Way to go on surviving today.  If you really want you will survive tomorrow too I know you can do it!  Trick is always saying "no" to the first drink.  There can't be ten if there isn't the first.
Welcome! I'm impressed you already went to a meeting! May take "shopping around" to find the meetings that you like or prefer. I totally concede that some just suck for me when I move somewhere new (happens a lot) I go to many different meetings till I find my AA groove. One thing that helped big time I heard someone share and it really resonated with me after the meeting I found her with my meeting schedule in hand asked if she wouldn't mind highlighting meetings that she liked. I swear we must have been twins every one was awesome...When you are struggling this is a wonderful place to ask for help. Fair warning wicked smart and compassionate people here that will tell you what you need to hear not what you want to hear. ..Check in here check often we want to help you live a sober life.
This is a tough weekend. Maybe consider not going to those events and doing meetings instead. This is life or death stuff. 
If I were you I'd skip those social events.  If you're not sure you're strong enough why risk it?  If you feel you have to be there take an accountability partner -- someone who knows you're not drinking and will be there with you by your side also not drinking.  You can have fun sober but it's hard to do in a group of people who are drinking especially if they're drinking beyond a beer or two.  I now have friends who drink but I don't have any friends who get drunk.  I can't put myself in a situation like that.  I know what I can handle and I can't handle that even now.  I wish you luck with whatever decision you make.   
The good news is you don't have to be strong all on your own.  Call someone from that women's meeting.  The holiday weekend is nothing meaningful if it is an excuse to drink.  
I don't have any real solid advice for you because I am only just starting my journey. I find when I want to drink I remove myself from what ever I am doing. Leave the house. Go for a drive. Call a friend. It is tough. We are all in this together. Good luck!
[deleted]
Welcome Nonny!  There are a few of us early 30s ladies in this sub.  It is a great place to come to get advice and support.  I know it sounds silly but really focusing on just today has been very helpful for me.  The first few days were the roughest for me in terms of cravings and mentally but it is getting easier.  Find things to fill your time like old hobbies and exercise. The time has been my largest challenge so far (suddenly I am addicted to Age of Empires)...As far as the social events not all of my friends know I have quit drinking.  Some know but the other I have just told I am trying to loose weight and am cutting out the excess calories.  No one really gives a shit if I drink or not...Find something else special to do instead of these social events if you are afraid you will crack.  I may be different than you but I have felt LESS inclined to drink when around other people drinking...I always preferred to binge alone in the quiet of my own home. ..Feel free to reach out in PM if you ever want to talk to another 30ish lady!  I read this sub every day for different perspectives.  Also consider grabbing a badge. I like logging in to see my number grow ;)
