-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26fswd/and_there_it_was_the_relapse/

Last night I got really drunk. Nothing at all bad happened don't think I even blacked out. I've not slept a wink since last night when I was drinking and have a really strong sense of anxiety that I'm struggling to deal with. Also depression. Shame too actually. Didn't do any drugs...I guess it suffices to say I'm mentally in a bad place right now. The alcohol has caused this. Feels like the fucking anxiety is crushing me. ..Don't quite know what do; I mean... I've been getting a little too friendly with Benzodiazepines since I "quit" 18 days ago. Helps with the anxiety I guess. ..Any ideas? Don't even feel like I could sleep at all. I'm sure a lot of you have had these moments what did you do?..There's a fucking bottle of whiskey on the table right now and it's looking like a better and better option...EDIT: would love to reply to you all guys feeling really rough though at the moment. Got about 3 hours sleep and the depression is somewhat gone but the anxiety is still there I feel sick and unable to eat because of it. (It's not the hangover I get this sometimes from anxiety)..
----------immediate responses--------

First off I would dump the fucking bottle of whiskey down the sink.  Second I would dump the benzos. Your body won't be able to heal itself and learn to regulate the anxiety with continued use. And of course it's addictive. After one night of drinking major withdrawals shouldn't be an issue. You'll still have the sleeplessness and the anxiety but that can be rode out with a commitment to sobriety. I found my anxiety disappeared after being sober for a time...Here's the deal: YOU have to want to quit. Do you want to quit? Do you want to life a life that is full and that you can always remember what you did in it the next day? You have a family full of alcoholics so I'm sure you are aware that eventually it will progress past the binge drinking stage. ..Here's what I would do if I were sitting there in your chair (after I dumped the poison). I would look up a meeting to attend today. Don't for a second believe that everyone there is a daily drinker and you won't fit in. We all started in the same place with our inability to take that first drinking without taking all of them. ..Make a plan! I would suggest that you commit to backing off on your social life for awhile if all your friends are drinkers. If you go to a young people's meeting you can meet other recovering alcoholics to do social things with. And they can have your back in a moment of weakness. All ya gotta do it's pick up the phone. ..If you get a craving to drink it will pass but you can do things to refocus your thinking into something else...read past posts here. This will help you concentrate on something else and you will learn what helps other people. Exercise. Rearrange your sock drawer. Anything to redirect your focus. ..The sleep thing is different for everyone.  I personally found meditation to be helpful. After being an insomniac my whole life I sleep like a baby now. Sleepytime Tea might be helpful too. It knocks me right out. ..Here's something to watch about [shame](http://www.ted.com/talks/brene_brown_listening_to_shame). ..Get back up on your horse and start riding again. Learn to feel the different changes in its gait and how to adjust your own reactions to it. Recovery is not a one size fits all...we have to put the time and effort into finding out for ourselves what works for us. YOU are worth the effort. .
OK /u/whyamisuchadick -- here's what I would do; get as much sleep as I can.  Get up and get to a noon AA meeting.  Go up to the literature table and get a meeting schedule and introduce myself.  Listen at the meeting force myself to talk to someone after the meeting who sounded like they actually know something about recovery.  Dump all attitude and prejudice and dive into recovery over the next 90 days.  Good luck.
My anxiety was a result of the drinking it cleared up (reduced to normal human levels) when I quit... It's one of the reasons I don't go back! That soul-crushing feeling sucked...You're just going to have to ride it out... Words of advice from Superman himself "It's never as bad as it seems and you're stronger than you think!" Those really hit home with me for some reason...
I have problems with anxiety and depression in addition to being an alcoholic.  I know how difficult it can be to not being able to sleep on top of these problems (it is mental anguish to lay down to bed at 10pm sit there to 6 or 7 am while thinking about all of your problems)...My suggestion would be to see a psychiatrist soon.  For most medications they will want to wait until you have been sober for 90 days or more to determine an accurate diagnosis independent of drinking.  In the meantime they can help with other non-medication tools that do not require medication.  Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) really helped me and I recommend it...So basically: get sober necessary to deal with anxiety/depression.  Requires work but worth it.  ..Good luck.
If you haven't dumped that whiskey already go ahead and do that. As far as the benzos go you're now in a bit of a pickle. I'm not sure if they were supposed to help you detox or if you got them for anxiety but you're going to have a hard time convincing a doctor to prescribe them for you in the future. If you start seeing other doctors to get them you could be flagged for pill shopping. However if you have been taking them for almost 3 weeks you are likely physically dependent on them. Stopping abruptly could be extremely dangerous. YOU NEED TO TALK TO A PROFESSIONAL...Alcoholism and anxiety go hand in hand. I'm afraid that without alcohol you will abuse the benzos and vice versa. This is a cycle that kills people. There are other options for depression and anxiety but as others have stated you need to get some sober time in order to accurately assess things. ..If you stop drinking eventually your anxiety might become manageable. If you don't stop it certainly will get worse. I know how you feel. Even in sobriety I have bouts of crippling anxiety but alcohol is no longer an option for me. Surprisingly though the world has felt like it was ending to me for the last several days the Sun still rose today. It will rise again tomorrow. I hope you can find the strength to beat this. 
Dude  Benzos are really bad.  Considering how deep it sounds like you are it might make sense to try and use some harm reduction type strategies to step down from where you are.  I do know some good people who have kicked benzo abuse with cannabis but I wouldn't be qualified to offer advice on that.  Naturally  stopping everything would be better and it's not a real solution but you might end up dead sonner than you think it your dosages of the benzos are that high.  Take care of yourself.  Nobody wants you to end up dead and those things quite literally will kill you if you keep it up.  I can empathize with avoiding treatment professionally because of job concerns... but this is your life we're talking about here. Good luck.  
