-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26g05g/im_done/

I've been struggling with drinking for quite a while. It's been an issue since I was in high school and I'll be 35 next month. I've tried to rationalize it and tried making different deals with myself about when I will allow myself to drink. It never works. I drank last night and this morning I find myself with anew clarity. I didn't drink enough to give myself a hangover so it's not the "I'm never doing that again" crap that I've said a million times. I have a gorgeous wife and two beautiful kids. I have a job I love with a growing company. There is just too much to lose. I don't drink everyday but I drink enough to know its an issue. Liquor affects me in such a negative it scares me. I can have a few beers or a glass of wine and be fine. When I drink liquor I can't stop.  If any of you have an extra prayer to send my way I would appreciate it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard! Let us know what we can do to help you live a sober life. Have a plan or program support is vital to success...as is your honesty. 
Greetings and welcome! I couldn't stay sober alone and protected myself from alcohol with the support of a counselor and involvement in AA. It made it easier and more fun to stay sober. I hope you find what you need and deserve.
Welcome Smelly_Ottoman! Sending healing energy your way now. :-)..A couple of words to the wise: many of us including myself thought that it was liquor that was the problem and then justified trying beer or wine in its place. While it may have worked for awhile in the beginning eventually I personally just started drinking more of that too.  I know you didn't say that was an option but just be aware that those thoughts could certainly arise. ..You might also consider coming clean with your wife about what you've been up to since she thought you quit. From my experience those lies which we justify we are doing to protect the other can fester and bloom into a full blown infection of our mind. Being honest to our support system is crucial. ..Stick around here too...this is a great place for hints and tools to make it through the coming days and weeks. We have your back!..
I found that when I really realized how grateful I should have been for what I do have that's when my sober stretches really started to get long. It sounds like you are there now. It can only get better from here. Focus on your gorgeous wife (lucky!) and your two beautiful kids and enjoy a life of clarity. =) We are here for you post as much as you want here.
Great! For me **"I'm done"** was the beginning of a new life. It is freeing to be truly and completely sick of what drink does to you. You are now free to live without it. ..I found that just quitting drink wasn't enough: I needed to live sober and there was a learning curve for that change. I found the help and support of other sober alcoholics to be crucial in that change. I found that at AA meetings. ..[This link lists AA meetings near you.](http://aa.org/lang/en/subpage.cfm?page=28) I suggest you try a few out they tend to have different personalities...Good luck. 
You can do it! I too have finally gotten to the point where I think I'm ready. I've tried to swear off drinking before but I always had that lingering doubt telling me that I'm not ready yet. Today that's changed. I am a pretty skilled distiller of booze by profession and I've known that I've needed to stop getting drunk for some time now but never felt like I was able to or really even wanted to stop. ..I've never really been the kind of person to become motivated to change anything because of bad experiences but a lot of really positive things have happened to me lately and I'm taking a lot of motivation from not wanting to screw things up. Sounds like you have a lot of great things in life to be happy about and you'll have no shortage of positive motivators keeping you from getting wasted. Good luck. I'll be right there with ya. .
Hello Smelly_Ottoman positive vibes coming your way from me. Sounds like we have very similar reasons for stopping drinking at a similar stage of life. I felt disappointed in my performance as a husband and a father. Lazy and disconnected like you say...If I'm really honest alcohol had become a higher priority than my family. I also have a 'warning' from my family in the shape of my mother's father who drank himself to death long before I was born. Stopping drinking feels like a good way to honour him and my mother...When I chose to stop drinking I was crystal clear that it was the right thing to do. When I told my wife and started walking the walk I felt really relieved. I still do. I went to a few AA meetings during my first month and found them useful to a certain extent but it didn't really click for me. I haven't had a drink in almost five months now and I'm feeling pretty proud of myself and much more like the husband and father I'd like to be :-)  ..Anyway good on you. Keep your clarity. Stay positive. Take good care of yourself and enjoy your family. You can do this. In fact you already have.
You're making the best decision ever. Welcome to SD!!!
Welcome aboard! I'm a bit late but I'll be thinking of you tonight and tomorrow :-) it sounds like you have a lot of excellent reasons to quit drinking and like us all no good reason to continue. Well done for addressing this before you potentially lost it all.
