-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26ga1u/cant_find_the_motivation_to_get_my_life_together/

Hi reddit..25/M - I've had two relapses since I want to rehab in early February. I can't seem to find the motivation to stay sober or get my life heading in the right direction...I don't currently have a job a driver's license or a support group other than my family (who are all moderate drinkers)...I've been seeing a therapist since I got out of rehab almost four months ago and I don't think it's really helping. I had an appointment set up with another addiction specialized therapist. He wants to put me on antidepressants. He says that will help me begin to deal with the motivation problems I've been having...There are a handful of other problems I have but the lack of motivation seems to be the main thing hindering my moving forward...TL;DR Should I go an antidepressants? ..Thanks reddit I'll try and answer any questions you have and I appreciate any advice you might offer
----------immediate responses--------

25/m ..&gt;I've been seeing a therapist since I got out of rehab almost four months ago and I don't think it's really helping. ..If the one you're seeing isn't helping it's totally okay to go shop around. Find one that fits who you feel comfortable being honest to.  Because no therapist in the world can help someone who isn't telling the truth. ..Were I you I would not take antidepressants. Quitting drinking is about getting back to baseline as a human. If you're dependent on alcohol quitting results in withdrawal symptoms that really screw with your brain. Adding antidepressants to that in my non-scientist opinion is not a good idea. ..How soon till you can get a drivers license?  
Thank you for sharing.  I can identify with many aspects of your story.  I've been seeing a therapist for approximately 8 months but have been on lexapro for general anxiety disorder and depression; my physician wrote this prescription 14 months ago and insisted that I see a therapist...Antidepressants are often prescribed as a solution but many qualified professionals agree that they should be used in conjunction with therapy.  Consider assembling a recovery team.  Your team will be defined differently than mine depending on your circumstance:..* Physician: I see my physician 4 times a year he knows about my anxiety depression and that I have removed alcohol from my diet..* Therapist: I see a therapist every-other week.  Find a therapist that is in your insurance network.  If you don't like the experience talk to them about it.  If that doesn't help move on to the next one. .* AA sponsor: Working with a sponsor has been helpful; just having someone who can directly relate is huge but having a mentor is truly a  remarkable experience..* Friends and Family: You don't have to open the flood gates but it is important that the people who care about you have knowledge of your intentions..* Hope: That's can be defined in many ways but I find hope in morning meditation; you might be surprised what a morning reset can do.  Even if it is as simple as setting aside 5 minutes to drink your coffee tea soft drink.
I'm 22...I've always found that a lot of things in my sobriety are paradoxical. I too suffered from a lack of motivation to stay sober or just do much of anything really but found once I started to have just a little motivation to do things more motivation seemed to follow the better I felt. I found that people started loving me more even though I started caring less about what they thought. I found I didn't have that need for drinks to solve my problems only after my problems weren't as severe. I found the only way I could stay sober is if I starting helping others stay sober...You might just need to get the ball rolling and stay persistent to break out of your comfort zone and deal with this seemingly lonely disease of alcoholism. Therefore when you say..&gt; I don't currently have a job a driver's license or a support group other than my family..it would just be my recommendation you get a support group other than your family or somebody you pay to relate with and hold you accountable for taking those first steps and gain some foundation under your feet. If you have a desire to stop drinking recovery groups such as AA are there to help. Good luck!..
I can't help but compare your post to the one [right below yours](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26ga03/went_to_a_meeting_for_the_first_time_last_night/). Maybe take a cue from that corner? ..My best to you my friend. 
I generally find that motivation follows action and not the other way around. I could sit around all day waiting for motivation to strike and it just won't happen. One of the best pieces of advice I got from a partner in my recovery is that as much as our alkie brains resist taking action sometimes you have to push through it anyway if you want to progress in life and in recovery. If I have a project in mind like writing a blog entry or starting a vegetable garden (tomatoes are flowering but worried about the lettuce) I've learned to get up and do it. If I wait to get 'inspired' or 'motivated' it'll never get done plain and simple.
