-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26hezr/judgement_and_resentment/

I've struggled with accepting I'm an alcoholic for a long time. I try and find ways I'm not like "those people"- AKA the people in the rooms of AA and get filled with anger and resentment over the fact I can't drink like a "normal" person. Today I went to a meeting and it was in a crappy little room in a mostly abandoned strip mall where there was construction going on and the floor with filthy. Most of the people in the room looked like they had lived a hard life. The first guy who shared sounded like he was high and screamed out obscenities. The second guy who shared was difficult to understand but mentioned that he had been in solitary confinement in prison for over 10 years. Wow I thought. I'm nothing like THESE people. How unfair is it that I the almighty latelythere is stuck in room with THESE people when I should be in a nice house in the suburbs somewhere with an adoring husband thinking about my fabulous career and all the money I have. I am entitled to all these things why haven't they magically fallen into my lap? As the meeting went on more people shared. I started listening to everyone. I began to hear talk of thoughts and feelings and struggles that I myself had. I heard people I might have never crossed paths with otherwise express things that I could totally relate to. And I saw clearly that I am no better and no worse than anyone else there and that our circumstances might differ but we are all dealing with the same thing. And I still have resentment that I can't have a drink but I felt grateful that I have other people who are going through the same thing and people who have stayed sober a lot longer than me who can offer suggestions and point me in the right direction to sobriety. Even though I was angry to start off with I am glad I went to that meeting. 
----------immediate responses--------

I completely understand where you are coming from.  I went to my first meeting this past Wednesday and I was ANGRY.  As you said: "anger and resentment over the fact I can't drink like a "normal" person."  I am/was so frustrated that I need to give up stuff that I've enjoyed just because I can't keep it under control...but listening to other people sharing that they have had similar struggles was a huge encouragement.  Big congrats on making 22 days...that 30 day mark is coming up soon for you.  Hang in there and try another meeting at another location. Maybe you will find one that works well for you.
When I went to my first AA meeting I knew enough to know that they weren't going to teach me how to drink differently -- I was going to have to stop drinking altogether if I wanted to survive.  I did not however know that I'd have to keep going to meetings.  I thought I'd go to a meeting they'd tell me the secret to not drinking and I'd go my merry way sober.  (OK it wasn't quite like that.  I was crying and suicidal but I really didn't know that recovery was a long-term process.)  Over time I realized that those meetings were a gift.  I learned something from almost everyone who shared and the best thing I learned was that I didn't have to do it alone.  I am an alcoholic.  I'm no longer ashamed of that fact.  I'm ashamed of some of the things I did while I was still drinking but I'm not ashamed of the fact that I can't handle alcohol.  It's just a part of who I am.  
Don't you love that "ah ha" moment? I have just as much to learn from the pope as I do from a prostitute with more sobriety than I have.
The anger and resentment hasn't gone away for me yet. Some days it is a lot worse than others. But it definitely begins to fade with time. Hang in there bud. I'm incredibly mad at the world and myself right now but I have a feeling that drinking isn't going to help me at all.
Great point of view.  Surely tho the people that can drink normally ARE jerks.  
[deleted]
Wow some real growth /u/latelythere -- great post friend. 
