-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26inx5/9_months_without_drinking_or_drugs_is_a_long_time/

I got my [9 month chip](http://i.imgur.com/B0i0Ivj.jpg) last night at a speaker meeting I go to on Sundays...I went rehab 10 years ago on May 14th 2004.  I stayed sober there for 4 months before leaving the program 2 months early.  I stayed sober for about 3 weeks after that.  I tried to control my drinking after that but as many of us have experienced my drinking controlled me.  I went to my first AA meeting Monday February 23 2008.  I did the absolute bare minimum and after 96 days I relapsed.  This song and dance continued for another 2 years until started taking Antabuse April 14th 2010.  I didn't drink for a year and a half after that.  Unfortunately I also used just about anything else I could get my hands on to change how I felt...I went to the hospital twice in 2012 because I. JUST. COULDN'T. STOP. DRINKING. and I wanted to kill myself so I admitted myself to the Behavioral Health Unit at a hospital in town.  ..You would think after the 1st time at the hospital I would figure out that my condition was getting progressively worse and that I simply couldn't drink EVER but no.  I had to try a few more times.  Then even after the 2nd hospital trip I used the excuse of my ex-girlfriend getting an abortion to drink.  This started another 2 month bender...On June 18th of last year I sent out a text message to anyone in my phone who was related to AA desperately seeking help.  A guy I had only met once or twice before responded to me and told me he would be my sponsor...I slowly started getting back on track but I would drink every 3 or 4 weeks.  Finally my sponsor told me on August 25th 2014 that if I drank again I would have to find a new sponsor.  ..For some reason this really hit home and it actually did a lot to remove the desire to drink from me.  I worked the 12 Steps of AA went to meetings called other alcoholics listened to tons of CD's where the speakers were discussing recovery and spent a hell of a lot of time here at /r/StopDrinking...If there is anyone new out there that is in need of help but is struggling with the idea of going to AA because you think it's a cult or that you are going to have to accept Jesus or have seen one too many Penn and Teller "Bullshit" episodes - I encourage you to go anyway.  My "Higher Power" is not any kind of deity or anything supernatural.  For me my Higher Power is the collective efforts of everyone in the world who is trying to do the right thing in the face of adversity.  Not just adversity due to drinking and drug use but people who are trying to live honest compassionate authentic lives.  ..Anyway as I've said in a few other posts I spend more time on /r/stopdrinking than I do at actual meetings.  Your struggles and triumphs help me throughout my day tremendously...I don't know if I will ever drink again but I KNOW I WILL NOT DRINK TODAY.  And I'm going to apply the same resolve tomorrow that I did today.  Please feel free to message me if you have any questions.  ..Take care everyone :)..EDIT: I just noticed that my hands looks so much better now than when I was drinking.  My hands used to be so bloated all the time.  Awful!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!! I am only 4 days behind you! Thankfully things clicked for you a little faster for you but doesn't matter how we got here....the point is that we did! Have a great day!
keep going my man.
Thanks /u/TeddyPeep for sharing with us.
**BRAVO!** You struggled for a long time. The promises are coming true for you. 
it was an impossibly long time for all of us in the  beginning..Amazing how they do add up though
Awesome man congrats on 9 months
What a great post. Thanks for sharing. 
Hell YES!!! This is what I am talking about right here.  I love these stories and it gives me so much hope inspiration and encouragement.  I can't thank you enough for taking the time to post this this really made my morning.  Good job /u/TeddyPeep .
I wanted to say thank you for your experience strength and hope Teddy. This especially rings true on a day I have wasted being wasted in the past. 
Way to go TP. I think something got in my eye reading your post...
im off the weed now for 3 months wasnt so hard to quit for me. now i just need to lay off the sauce and i should be good.
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.  Way to go Mr. Peep!
