-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26me21/why_treatment/

Was a drunk for many years.  Got 5 months sobriety on my own.  Went to AA mtgs from time to time took what I could left the rest...Relapse...Found SMARTrecovery group; seems to fit better for me.  Making progress...Family and friends think I need treatment specifically in patient (which I am completely against).  What would treatment especially AA-based treatment give me that I can't get through groups self-help and support?  
----------immediate responses--------

They want you to go because they desperately want you to sober up by any means.  If self-help was your strong suit they would happily go on about their business...Are there specific aspects about SMARTrecovery you like and particular reasons you didn't do well with the AA approach?  I find that most non-alcoholics have a difficult time understanding the nuances.  Maybe if you can communicate to them why your current approach is better it would set their minds at ease.
Treatment was one of the best decisions of my life. I learned about alcoholism and myself. When else do you get a time out to focus on yourself and recovery? Your family has been through more than you know. They are scared you are going to start drinking again and would be comforted and encouraged to see that you are willing to "go to any lengths" to get well. If the opportunity for treatment is there take it! Treatment laid the foundation for a lifetime of recovery. Give yourself and your family this gift.
This is a tough one for me and please know that I am speaking only for myself everyone's experience is different. I did in patient treatment 3 times the last one was 5 years ago I currently am a few days shy of 9 months and this is the longest stretch of sobriety I have ever had I have been a part of the recovery community for 11 years. ..FOR ME I didn't learn anything in rehab that I didn't already learn in AA. For me the only difference was a tightly controlled environment. My sobriety challenges after rehab were no different...It doesn't matter if you have done ten in patient rehabs or none if your desire for sobriety and the acceptance your disease isn't front and center you will still relapse.
Maybe they want you to go to rehab because they have watched you try to get sober your way and on your terms and they did not see it as being very successful...?
Nothing at all. [Inside Rehab: The Surprising Truth About Addiction Treatment-and How to Get Help That Works](http://www.amazon.com/Inside-Rehab-Surprising-Addiction-Treatment/dp/0670025224)
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. You've already tried everything YOU could think of why not try something other people have thought of? I think if you search your own resistance to their suggestions you'll figure out that they're coming from the alcoholic side of your brain. They're just fear-based or based on stubbornness. If you want sobriety you need to grab everything you can to help you.
