-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26n5aj/one_hunnit/

Well today is shaping up pretty nicely.  I've got 100 days under my belt without a drop of booze and I feel great.  ..Some Pros are that I've quit smoking cigarettes entirely just because they didn't taste quite right without the booze.  I had to wait two months before I even attempted to quit those though because I was going bonkers without SOMETHING to take my mind off the sauce.  Initially I gained some weight but thats because I was over eating in the first month or so.  Not a big deal and now that the weight is gone because there's obviously motivation to work out about 4-5 days a week.  I'm finding that I'm laughing and joking a lot more with people and I'm surprisingly outgoing socially.  I used to tell people that I was shy and I believed that mess because I was always drunk and sort of hiding away from everyone.  Don't confuse shyness for drunken exile.  I'm back in school full time now which is surprising to me.  I struggled to find a way to occupy my time sober since I'm not really known as a hobby kind of guy and I realized that I haven't learned anything new in years.  Back to school I go and its actually appealing to me this time around.  Today I passed a test for job placement solving my unemployment woes... This all sounds familiar doesn't it?  Stop messing with the sauce and things just start falling into place.  ..Cons... there are only a few and they are things that will change with time.  I am not out and about like I used to be so the love life is lacking but thats because I had to stay away from anything that would put me back on the drunken path.  No bars no parties not even the free concerts in town because it's just a booze fest in a park.  But Eventually I'll get back out there.  I had to concentrate on getting work and getting my personal life in order before I try to jam somebody else up with all my problems.  What few cons I have are all of a social nature so I won't bother to go into the gory details but I'm sure they'll all work out soon enough.  ..Everybody always thinks "If I could go back and do it all over again knowing what I do now life would be so much better." I guess alcoholics are one of the few groups of people who actually get to do that.  It's not bad.  I'll take it.  ..Thanks to this sub for sharing all the stories and thoughts and ideas.  It really is the main thing that helped me figure all of this out and practice well.  You guys are the best.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 100 days and a really great post.
Happy Century BDB--so on the boredom-front meetings?  Create a sober group of pals and peers. 
I used to listen to the crazy radio show in the car back in Memphis somewhere on the am dial.  I couldn't tell you how many people they had in the studio at a given time.  The premise was something like *act right fool!*  On one show the subject was relationships and the majority thinking was "don't even try to date until you like yourself enough to go on dates yourself."  That stuck with me for a long time and I think it could easily apply in the recovery community echoed here in your post. 
Congratulations!!! This is HUGE!
Happy dance for you!  Way to go!
Congratulations. You're right there is a second chance element to all of this. Not with everything and not with everyone but there's a world of possibility nonetheless.
Congratulations! Hope things continue to go well for you!
