-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26oug5/drinks_as_rewards/

Celebrating two months today and I figured I'd post to get some of your perspectives on an issue I've been thinking about...Like many alcoholics I think it's fair to say that I am prone to addiction. If something gives me a dopamine rush the first time I do it I'm likely to continue doing it. I know for a long time I thought of drinking as a reward. I started drinking in college when I was under a lot of stress. Finish writing a paper? Time for a beer. Aced a midterm? A bottle of wine sounds nice. This line of thinking continued past graduation when I started working full time. Stressful day at work? Go out for drinks with coworkers...When my drinking really became an issue I would take breaks every now and then usually for a few months always looking forward to the next drink that I would have. Then I would get wasted as a reward for my good behavior and fall right back into problematic drinking. This cycle repeated for about 5 years until I finally decided to stay sober for good...So what I'm curious about is this--what do you do when you want to give yourself a little reward? I've been cooking and baking a lot more since I stopped drinking but that's resulted in some unfortunate weight gain so I'm trying to keep myself from spending too much time in the kitchen. I've started running again and that's fun but going running doesn't necessarily feel inherently rewarding to me...I think one issue that I'm struggling with--and I suspect it's not uncommon in early sobriety--is that I'm not really sure of what makes me happy. I don't know how to celebrate anything without food or alcohol. I do enjoy traveling but I'm on a pretty tight budget. I wouldn't say I miss drinking at this stage but I do feel like I need something to fill the void. And something inexpensive preferably. Funny how drinking used to seem like an inexpensive treat but well we all know how that goes...So what do you all do when you're looking to celebrate a small victory in life?
----------immediate responses--------

Rewarding yourself with a poison that can ruin your life is like stabbing your eye because you passed an eye exam! :)..Hmm... How do I reward myself for small victories?  I have found the little things to be so much more rewarding than I used to.  Recently I've been letting myself stay up later to watch a TV show that my wife doesn't watch after she goes to bed.  I'll let myself have an extra piece of cake.  I don't normally drink soda but maybe I'll have a root beer with dinner in addition to water.  I'll go out to the movies.  I work out a lot so I end up doing laundry just about every day... so sometimes I'll let myself take a day off from doing laundry...It's interesting: life is not like an all day every day circus for normal people.  Normal people don't expect rewards (or escapes) for doing every day things.  So after I made it so that I wasn't thinking about drinking every day I stopped giving myself big rewards for little things.  That then allows me to go big when I do something great (like having a huge dinner for my 365 celebration).
Early sobriety is all about finding the hobbies that are right for you. You've found some but it sounds like you're not totally thrilled with them. So try some more! I personally picked up the guitar again and it's amazing how much an hour of playing releases the stress of the entire day for me. I also read more... and I'm not ashamed to admit that I love reading Batman comics now. ..Try some new things maybe an instrument maybe bowling who knows? You might find something that gives you the reward you're looking for...Good luck and congrats on passing 2 months!
I have this same problem curious to see others' answers to this. It sucks to not have anything to just treat myself to!
in the beginning I would pat myself on the back with a six pack...And there I was day one all over again...Today my life is alcohol free - and I have money to buy appropriate rewards.   
I like basing my rewards around ways I either couldn't or wouldn't take care of myself when I was drinking: ways to emphasize the difference from how I used to be. ..So for me that could mean new clothes (all my extra money went to alcohol before) makeup a skincare product a new book (I certainly didn't have the attention span to read before) new workout clothes or related items such as heavier dumbbells etc as I didn't workout before either. I had a super fucked relationship with food when I was drinking-- I had definitely stopped taking pleasure in small things like a good dessert or a coffee from a cafe etc-- which is why I don't mind celebrating like that still...Congrats on 2 months! :)
