-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26rejj/simple_question/

Hi new to this subreddit and have a simple question: I've noticed a reoccurring comment throughout this thread that "non alcoholics don't black out". Can someone explain this? I am mostly a casual drinker (4-6 drinks per week on average usually Thurs-Sat) but occasionally (once every 2-3 months) I'll go a little overboard when hanging out with friends and have 7-8 drinks in a night. On nights like these it's pretty common for me to lose memory of the last 1-2 hours before I fall asleep - usually bedtime rituals like brushing my teeth washing my face etc. I consider these occurrences blackouts but I struggle to agree that just because I have them occasionally that means I'm an alcoholic. Am I misinterpreting this statement?..Obviously these "blackouts" are unsettling and I'd like to avoid them which is why I'm on this subreddit. When I'm out with friends I do have some trouble cutting myself off at 5 drinks and am looking for tips on how to do it (rather than stop drinking entirely which I don't think is really necessary at this point)...Thank you in advance to any clarification/advice.
----------immediate responses--------

I think that is entirely your call. I have some friends who seem like normal drinkers and go too far once in awhile but I am someone who started out going too far once in awhile and ended up seeking a black out on a nightly basis. ..There are some alcoholic assessment tests in the sidebar. Give 'em a go?
Hmm.  I don't know that I would agree that non-alcoholics never black out.  I've never really thought about it though.  It is almost certainly true that if you drink enough to black out more than a handful of times you have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol.  ..And then we probably run into problems with how one's defining "blackout."  You're talking about not remembering events leading up to bed as being a blackout and I would (personally) agree with that characterization.  But I know that others have stories about doing a whole slew of crazy things while blacked out.  Like waking up in a different city and having no idea how they got there.  For someone whose blackouts are limited to bedtime rituals it's still a blackout but it may not raise as many alarm bells as waking up in a new city ya know?   I don't know that the severity of the blackout really plays a part in whether you have a problem or not.  You  have the drinking problem either way it's just not as noticeable because the consequences aren't as immediately apparent. ..The flip side of your question is worth mentioning.  Not all alcoholics blackout.  So someone who doesn't black out shouldn't think that they don't have problem.  We ran a survey once &amp; asked a question about this.  [Here is what the community had to say about blacking out.](http://i.imgur.com/k7lOaBH.png)
It's just some people's opinion.  I disagree with that opinion.  I know people who black out on occasion but I don't believe them to be alcoholics although I don't feel I can judge without being in their heads or at least with them all the time.  But if someone blacks out almost every time they drink that seems alarming.
I clung to that old canard for years.  I didn't black out but I drank excessively and daily for more than 40 years.  Am I "alcoholic"?  You bet I am.  Did I black out?  Nope.  Could I stop without help?  Nope.  I got help.  I stopped.  After a while I sobered up.
I used the app alcodroid (like a calorie counter for booze) successfully for a while to monitor my drinking. I knew for sure that if my BAC hit anything over 0.28 I was heading to blackoutsville. And the cool thing about that app is that you put in the drink and it plots you BAC trajectory so you can see when it will reach certain levels.
[deleted]
&gt;I do have some trouble cutting myself off at 5 drinks...This concept is key  I never never could. Never wanted to even.....but beacuse I *know* I can't and I know I can stop but not *stay* stopped tells me I'm an alcoholic. ..I'm not going to be much help to you in learning how to moderate I tried for 18 years to be a moderater but I binge...I binge on food. On Booze. On pills. On work. ..You get the idea. .I never blacked out but started expressing discomfort in my twenties about my drinking. Professional types told me I wasn't drinking enough for there to be a  problem. Huge relief at the time. Fast forward 18 years and that's 18 years  I sold my soul to addiction that I'm not getting back. ..If your drinking is making you nervous/unsettled then its never to late to grab some advice - there are swags of support options...being a problem drinker does not mean you are an alcoholic but no other person can tell you if you are or not . You can. .. Try taking a break for thirty days and see how you feel at the end? 
I hear this black-out/alcoholic remark and while I understand the point of it--only alcoholics routinely experience blackouts as a consequence of drinking--biologically and chemically the statement: ONLY alcoholics blackout drink is empirically wrong as a scientific matter.  Ethyl alcohol is an anesthetic and if you overdose (drink too much too fast) you can induce the fugue-state called a blackout.    ..It is true that blackout drinkers (those who routinely experience blackouts) are not SOCIAL drinkers.  
