-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26te4m/forcedcoerced_treatment_a_new_wrinkle/

.Some of you may have read my previous post:.http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26me21/why_treatment/..While now I suspect that my wife is dangling the carrot of "we'll stay together" to coerce me into a treatment program.  And that she has no intention of staying married even if I were to do so.  ..I'm sober.  Learned a lot from my relapse.  Found a program and tools that feel right and are helping me think better and not choose alcohol.  Not good enough for her or the rest of my fam...Seems like a cold thing to do.  Force someone into a treatment program only to turn your back on them once they comply.  ..Any thought from reddit?
----------immediate responses--------

My thought- do what you need to do for your own recovery and let the rest sort it out. As we say around here often the ONLY thing you can do to show anyone that you mean business is time (LOTS of time) sobriety and consistency...If I can be honest I'd work on the resentment. It will drive you back to the bottle again and again. This needs to be about you and the choices you made own them-- you are a grown adult nobody "forced" you to do anything. You made choices based on expected outcome. Sometimes expected outcomes happen sometimes they don't. Did she promise you you guys would stay together? I dunno did you promise her you would stay sober? Shit happens. You gotta do this for yourself.
Sober day + sober day + sober day; for the time being let life take care of itself.
&gt; And that she has no intention of staying married even if I were to do so. .You can't control that...My last binge was New Years Eve week and at the end of it I flat out asked my SO why she was even with me (engaged 1 year) and that I wouldn't blame her if she broke up with me BUT I was going to get sober and make her proud. ..She told me last month that she was going to leave me that week because of my alcohol consumption in general and talked about it with her family; they all said that she should give me one more chance...In the end you can only worry about yourself and your actions. You can't force her to stay but you can make her proud to call you her SO...Good luck! 
The cold truth of the matter is.  This recovery needs to be done for the individual.  The foundation for a sober or better life needs to be built with the self.  The other aspect should be understood that the other party should think about the safety and well-being of themselves over the still forming recovery...My wife told me she wanted a divorce and did not want to live like this with the man I was when I drank.  I hated this fact at the time; I feared the loss before it was apparent.  When the actions were taken that made this event a reality I began to understand what I had put her through and understood that she did deserve a life better than what I had offered or could in the future.  I could not live with myself knowing I was holding her back from a happiness ruined by my need to keep her around.  I began to understand how unsafe and volatile I was when I drank not physically (was getting there) but emotionally and psychologically.  Her best interest was to leave and start building a life without me.  For a promise we made when we exchanged vows to be broken seemed unfair and selfish...but how many promises did I break when drinking?..Since all of this was placed on the table the important things began to shine brighter than the liquor bottle we have made progress and fallen in love all over again.  It has been a very short time (my sober star) since the falling out but I feel stronger now about whom I am and want to be than ever before.  I can't know what will happen with us in the future.  I know I will not drink today.  I sincerely believe that my life will continue to grow in a better light as long as I choose to be sober...Good luck to you stay strong..
Seems like you can read her mind pretty well...Not sure what you want from us.  ..But just coming off a relapse kinda puts your expertise in question.   ..I used up "I'm sorry I'll never do it again" by what 18?   After that I had to prove it.  
[deleted]
What you are turning down is something a lot of people would give their left arm for.  Go for it and anyway how do you know she is going to leave.  You don't have a crystal ball.  If she is going to leave she will leave either way but you may have a chance if you follow her wishes.  By going against her you are doing yourself no favours.  
Well   shit this post probably isn't proper AA and probably will highlight my character defects but here we go..Let's start with one..&gt;in patient (which I am completely against).Can I ask why you're against in patient (loss of freedom?) ...&gt; I suspect that my wife is dangling the carrot of "we'll stay together" to coerce me into a treatment program. And that she has no intention of staying married even if I were to do so...This sounds like insane thinking to me with a dose of paranoia. You think your wife is going to leave you because your drinking (you may be right who knows) but she's gonna trick you into treatment first? ..&gt;I'm sober..You're five days dry. ..&gt; Found a program and tools that feel right and are helping me think better and not choose alcohol. ..Again five days dry... the last go around you thought everything was going well too right? ..&gt;Not good enough for her or the rest of my fam....You've broken their trust and hurt them... can you blame them?..&gt;Force someone into a treatment program only to turn your back on them once they comply. ..Yes you're thinking VERY clearly. I can tell (is sarcasm a character defect?) 
Treatment is a gift. At five days sober you are not thinking clearly nor do you know how to live a sober responsible adult life. Treatment can get you started. ..After reading your other post and the comments it's obvious you are spending a great deal of energy trying to get support for not going to treatment. 
Clearly there's a lot of information you're withholding.  I'm gonna go ahead and backpedal on what I said to you yesterday and recommend that you just comply with your loved one's wishes and go to the damn treatment.  Would that really be so difficult to do?  *Really?*  If you're so dead set against being a tad bit open minded and responding maturely to your loved one's concerns/wishes then you should probably take a hard look at that type of thinking.  It's the type of thinking that put a drink in my own personal hand repeatedly.   I threw that book suggestion up at you in response to your one single question in the post.  I didn't have this background info.  I went to the rehab I stayed sober 13 yrs after it.  Still that book is awesome though.   You should get a copy and take it to rehab with you.
