-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26towd/yeah_3_days_sober_for_both_my_so_and_i/

So we were both pretty big drinkers when we met and it was a lot like "You like drinking?? Me too!!" that was two years ago and it has been party time ever since. It isn't a party any more though It's a struggle to get the kids organized and off to school everyday. Too many days we just say "fuck it lets not go to work today" (we run our own business) I've piled on heaps of weight and in the last two years we both look like we've aged five or six. We are a bad example to each others children. We say we are 'functioning' alcoholics but in reality everything is pretty much just barely holding itself together...The last two mornings have felt terrific though. Not only was I up this morning before my daughter I had her breakfast and uniform ready and got her to school two hours early for an excursion. The house? Tidy looks amazing. He is smashing through his work the last couple of days and found time to work on his car. I'm even about to go for a walk. We know that these coming few days will be the worst but we are backing each other up...It can be hard with two of you though. We have tried this a few times before and even though there is someone there to encourage you in your goals there is also someone there sharing your same doubts. Has anybody else experienced getting sober with a partner? Any tips would be greatly appreciated. :)
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so proud of you my eyes began to water :)..My wife and I make it a point to try and remind each other unprompted to celebrate at all of the little things we notice throughout the day. Ritualized celebrating is good too but it helps to say something like "wow it's so nice to see you this morning and not try to keep from vomiting as I make this toast!"
Welcome /u/4Smooshies to /r/stopdrinking.  Stopping drinking is hard in my experience for the most part people let all sorts of intrusive and negative thoughts overwhelm their positive thinking about the prospect of not drinking.  This is what I did and what I still do to GET and to STAY sober:..1. Each day when I first wake up--in fact when my eyes open--I make a very conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting an almost PHYSICAL ritual that I incorporate every morning when I wake up...2. I go to a recovery meeting (AA meetings for me and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction). My days sober are directly correlated to my AA attendance and activity aka moving my feet!..3. Tomorrow I repeat...For me in these early days it was super important that I focus only on the 24 hours ahead. If I get to bed sober I win the daily victory over alcohol. If I take alcohol out of each 24 hours the beer in the refrigerator is just something I forgot to pour down the drain--it has lost its power over me...We will be here on SD to support you and your SO as you go along.
Right on! It's very tricky business when there are two of you. Hubs &amp; I (married since 2000) have been sober since Feb of 2013. People constantly doubted the two of us being able to succeed at sobriety but we both agree that we neither would have gotten through it any other way. We had a sober mentor of sorts a neighbor &amp; Vietnam vet whom has been sober for 27 years but otherwise we did it all on our own. I can only attribute this to our kindred competitive drive. We were determined to be the hardest partiers throughout our drinking careers &amp; fuck yeah we were until we both couldn't handle ourselves. So for the past year and a half we have pushed each other to be the best sober partner we possibly can be for each other on that day. So far we're doing alright! Don't let anyone tell you that the two of you can't do it 'cause you totally can! Good luck!
