-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26u3kk/after_this_no_mor_single_digits/

Holy moly! 9 months today. Everything wonderful in my life has landed on a date with a "9". My birthday is August 9th my sons is June 9th I got sober August 29th 2013. In 1994 I married my sons father on August 29th. In 3 months August 29th will be my one year sober and it is also my due date. ..Nine months ago I would never whisper a hope for something 3 whole months away. In a way the number 9 was my nemesis until this time I never saw 90 days for 10 years it was elusive I never thought it was going to happen for me breaking through that was a HUGE I really felt invincible ...that didn't last long. Every time I hit a roadblock after 90 days I just kept thinking "you finally made it past 90 you MUST keep going!"..I get to spend my weekend with my family we planned this a couple weeks ago but a really cool development I found out this week that my son is flying in on Saturday!  I last saw him a year ago at his high school graduation we had so much fun I stayed sober the whole time when I asked him what fun stuff he had planned to do with his friends graduation night he said "Mom I was thinking I'd rather go home and keep playing Monopoly with you."..Every time I get caught without an umbrella in life's shit storm I think of Noah. I put  him through so much I'm sure many times he thought I would orphan him. We talked last night I hadn't told him about the baby yet and there is certainly no hiding it at this point. So we had a long chat about it in true hormonal fashion I started crying he just told me "mom I wish I could hug you right now but I'll be there Saturday."..I can't tell you guys how lucky I feel today. For everyone just starting out you have no idea how lucky you are to have this forum. I have struggled for 11 years I found SD 2 months ago. In the decade leading up to August 29th 2013 I had under my belt 3 in patient rehabs a few 72hr holds couple of other hospitalizations all while losing everything that mattered to me. I finally stopped wondering how different my life could have been if social media had not just existed 11 years ago but existed with forums like this? It isn't productive thinking I'm just glad I have it now...Big thanks to everyone here thank you for letting me be one of you...it truly is an honor. 
----------immediate responses--------

/r/stopdriniking has certainly been classed-up with your addition Ms. Sarah.  I especially enjoy working with you on the motivational-side of helping our newcomer friends.  I can't wait to follow your journey in sobriety.  
Only until you start counting in years!..Congratulationsand thank you for being so present in this community.  I know I sure appreciate you :)
Actually you got another single digit one coming in about 90 days....Congrats!
Congratulations Sarah. You've been a really awesome source of support around these parts. I am grateful that you've powered through and you're able to offer some words of wisdoms to those of us with a lot of single digits remaining in our future.
That's pretty cool about your son. Good luck with your pregnancy - that's pretty special as well! Society totally short changes pregnant women. There should be fanfare and free meals wherever they go. Having been there for all three I can definitely say my wife is a lot tougher than I am. 
