-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26vfy9/close_call_on_almost_ruining_my_life_something/

I'll try to not hit you guys with a wall of text but I need to get something off my chest...Always drank to excess a day or so a week since college. Then a few years ago on a vacation I got a taste of drinking every day morning to night...After that I would drink liquor with my wife at night. Most nights I would pass out on the couch. Embarrassing stuff too like passing out in the driveway on the deck pissing on stuff in the house at night in a drunken stupor etc...My main problem is when I start I do not stop. Most nights I pass out before getting Extreme Drunk but when I get Extreme Drunk the Nice/Fun Drunk ZoomStop becomes the Irritable/Mean ZoomStop...My wife has been a saint in dealing with this because Mean ZoomStop has at times called her horrible things and pushed her. ..For the past few months I have been trying to "control" my drinking with little success. Most I would make it is a day or two before buying another bottle. I tried reading books on the subject also...Well on Memorial Day I pulled the usual stunts and two things happened. First I fell asleep on my back deck in the middle of the day and my wife recorded a gut-wrenching video of my children trying to wake me up and play with them. Then later in the day I had a second wind kept drinking and Mean ZoomStop came out. I got into an argument with my wife and said my mean things. She called the police to try and scare me into cleaning my act up...What she didn't know is how domestic violence police calls go so I got hauled into jail on an M1 DV. 24 hours in a filthy and horrible bullpen gave me a lot of time to reflect. And I came to some very stark realizations...I have many things that I stand to lose if I continue drinking. My wife my kids my job and my freedom. All of these things I value greatly all of them I value FAR more than the good feeling I get when I start drinking...I have a lot of work ahead of me to repair relationships with my wife my kids and my family. I have some legal issues now to sort out. But more than anything I will not drink again. I realize I cannot control booze it controls me. There is zero upside to taking that first drink and a million miles of downside...I don't pretend that this will be easy. I have a lot of support from my family. I have the support of my employer (my manager is a reformed drinker). I have free substance abuse support through my work if I start to struggle. And odds are good I will have court appointed counseling after my trial. ..Thanks for reading this. 
----------immediate responses--------

welcome you are on the right path...it will be easier to get sober than to keep on drinking.....but its going to be a bunch of work and a lot of change... you can do it...stay close keep posting.
I know we already exchanged greetings /u/ZoomStop but I am so glad to see your post and gain a little more insight into your situation.  You said you were not particularly interested in 2d item in my sober list for the time being--but I strongly urge you to at least explore the possibility.  This is why if I'm at that point in my drinking that I'm beginning to have family crises with young children and legal problems--I personally want to be willing to do ANYTHING to change that picture and for me that includes recovery.  Be a little bit willing to explore all possible resources and you might just find a path to the real potential you.  Good luck and I'm glad you're here.
Multiple reflections rolled into one MUST DO. You need a program. Without a program the odds of you losing everything are probably north of 95%. If you don't go to the standard 28 day inpatient at least go to Intensive Out Patient. You may think the three hours a nite three times a week seems excessive. Well as you said this is going to be a lot of work...I can tell you that most of the folks that have rolled thru my IOP program have already lost everything which makes it all the much harder to stay clean. I get to still come home to a supportive wife every nite. The dude next to me? He goes home to a shitty apartment and sees his wife every other day cause they've split custody of the dog. He gets to drop by the beautiful house that was once his and say hi to the new guy screwing his now ex-wife. She hands him the leash and shuts the door. He gets three days of companionship a week and oh yeah he can't drive anywhere either. Lost his license due to DUI...Most poignantly two folks in IOP have become great friends and seemed like they were beating this more than most. Both relapsed last week. When people say this shit is hard they mean it. I rarely say this but I have a social science PhD used to work for NIDA and did program research for court mandated drug and alcohol recovery programs so you would think I know this shit. But I don't. If you think for even a second that you've got this under control with some self-created treatment plan you're on the way to losing everything...Finally - and some may disagree here - from the combination of how you've described your habit where youre at and what you want to achieve I think you're gonna need more than AA in the beginning. I might suggest AA is enough if you can handle the likely chance of relapse but from the hole you're in you need something more...Personally speaking if this were me knowing what I know now and knowing what you are looking to achieve there would be only one option: 28+ day inpatient. You said yourself that your employer is on board. How the hell lucky is that ?..Sorry to sound like a dick I just don't want to see you end up like most of the folks I'm coming to know..I care. ..P.s. Way to go just by taking this step!..
I had a strong resolve when I set out to stop drinking.  I was resolved to find a safe way to drink.  In my experience it doesn't work this way.  Reservations are killers.  I meet people in recovery who have had multiple DUI's.  I used to wonder how that was possible.  Now I know.  I agree that a program is required to demonstrate to yourself that this is a life changer a first priority.  Not a high priority but the first priority.
