-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26w1ms/what_is_the_biggest_change_any_of_you_have_had_to/

I'm struggling here. Call me weak willed I can take it but I'm finding that returning home from a shitty underpaid job to a shitty untidy (shared) house is really taxing my resolve. Now I know from experience that coming home after a hard day and having a whiskey or wine helps me unwind but obviously right now that's not an option. My stress levels are through the roof (which I appreciate is a side effect of early recovery) but I just wanna "get the hell outta Dodge"...just up and quit and leave this city to start again somewhere new...I think this would help immensely but having nothing to fall back on if I go ahead with moving town and it makes matters worse I really need some perspective from people who have completely changed their lives in order to maintain sobriety (as opposed to for example just quitting drinking whilst exterior circumstances remain the same)
----------immediate responses--------

Honesty...I had to stop lying to others and myself all the time.
I should also point out that experience (if not sober hindsight) means that I am essentially a high functioning alcoholic and drinking has limited stopping power on my ability to keep a job (for the most part)
Yeah I think /u/Nika65 nailed it--getting completely HONEST about everything even to myself.  Even now closing in on 5 years sober I still have a constant dialogue with myself reminding myself to tell the absolute truth not what I want the truth to be.  It's what I call MOLECULAR HONESTY.  This enormous change improved my life immensely.  When I told the truth about everything I didn't have to remember *which version* of the story I told to whom.
I had to learn to be present and not run from the now. Sounds all esoteric-n-shit but it really is true that we drink to "press pause" and/or just coast until "life gets better." There is no magical point in the future when everything comes together and is worth dropping back in for. You need to just be here now and find the joy in it. This is all you've got (and it's pretty great-- as they say in this meditation book I have "If you're breathing there's more right with you than there is wrong.")
External situations are irrelevant to sobriety. Just don't drink. ..That's the hardest thing I've learned. 
The one change I made that has made all the difference is that I finally raised my hand and asked for help. It sounds simple but just the act of asking for help requires letting go of a lot of stuff I thought were pretty damn important. Stuff like control ego. I began to wonder if my lifelong friends were nothing more than drinking buddies - that there was nothing substantial or real about those friendships. A creeping suspicion that I'd wasted a LOT of time on the completely wrong path. I had honestly up to that point never considered whether my 'drinking life' had been a waste of time- the question didn't even compute...I probably quit 20 times with my times ranging from 2 days to 90 days. I desperately wanted out but I had absolutely no tools. I now read this sub all the time and see the folks with 0 days to 7 days. A lot of them don't make it the first few tries. It really requires what some describe as a 'psychic change' - a fundamental shift in how you approach the question of drinking. The world will not help you. Drinking is the norm and in many cases it is expected. You will need to oppose these forces and I found that unless I had others by my side I could not do it.  
As a weekend binge-drinker this is what I think I've been doing: All week I would fail to be proactive at work I would put off important decisions and unpleasant responsibilities and I would neglect the maintaining of my living space as well as the health of my body. I could do all of this because I told myself that I only needed to make it to the weekend. Then I could get drunk and relax. Afterward I'd be sure to start taking care of things. Well I wouldn't. Because when Monday came I just began the countdown again. So for me it's also honesty I think maybe just being honest to myself?
