-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26xam4/thanks_to_you_all_for_the_last_two_weeks/

I've been drinking for the last decade. I loved it from the start - it made me feel great relieved stress boredom made me hilarious all those promises. But over time I started drinking more and more often. Years ago I wondered if I might be an alcoholic and thought that I would stop if I ever became one...I took a few breaks now and then and didn't seem to have difficulty stopping for a while. I thought I could stop whenever I wanted I just didn't want to. But things gradually became worse and worse - I started answering "yes" to more and more of the questions on alcoholism screening questions. Do I often have trouble stopping after one drink? Of course what the hell is the point of one drink? I want to drink until my face feels numb until my brain switches off and I continue drinking on autopilot. Drinking was great I wasn't an alcoholic!..As you all probably know it's very easy to convince yourself that you're not quite there: you haven't blacked out vomited gotten into an argument had to drink in the morning fallen down and hit your head alienated your friends skipped work because you were too hung over gotten a DUI gone to jail had a health crisis and the list goes on forever until the only thing you have left is that you are not quite dead yet...A couple of weeks ago I was browsing reddit and ended up here. I read a couple of the posts and realized that for the first time I was reading stories that described my experience exactly. The feelings of guilt and shame as you try to reconstruct your night and wonder how many apologies you owe the headaches sweats nausea anxiety insomnia. My experiences weren't unique at all. I wasn't a special person in any way. I read on and on well into the night. What did I learn?..Non-alcoholics don't wonder if they are alcoholics. I wondered. Non-alcoholics can have one drink and stop. I couldn't. Even if things are not as bad as they could be right now alcohol is an elevator that only goes to the basement. I was never going to be able to get better if I kept drinking. I was only going to get worse and worse. Someone here wrote (I paraphrase) that alcohol is like a high-interest credit card for happiness - you pay back much more than you get...Thanks to the stories all of you have shared those who have struggled to stay sober for 24 hours and those who have over 10000 days and still know "alcohol is doing one-armed pushups out in the parking lot waiting for me to slip" I knew that I could do nothing but stop entirely. It has been inspiring to see everyone's badges inching up and I hope to get that smiley star too. Like /u/coolcrosby often says it's all about focusing on the next 24 hours then the 24 hours after that.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Like /u/coolcrosby [1] often says it's all about focusing on the next 24 hours then the 24 hours after that..Couldn't agree more!..Congrats on your 15 days! Wish you all the best!
Awesome!  Congrats!
Wow I'm really pumped for you /u/yurikovski -- I think you're getting the idea.  Have a great Saturday!
