-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/274ilc/i_knew_it_wasnt_worth_it/

I've been lurking and sober for a while now. Just wanted to share last night. I'm a bartender it's not been a problem since I quit but last night was different. They were ordering Midori Sours by the bucket and I wanted one. Just one. It looked juicy and bright and tangy. Just one couldn't hurt right?..In the 10 years since my first drink I had never had the urge to even try one so no I didn't want it cause it looked good. I wanted it cause it was booze and I'm an alcoholic. One is never enough. I can't have just one. Instead I grabbed my coworker and over snacks told my very first person that I'm sober. I woke up proud and decided that today is also a good to be sober...Thanks for sharing all your struggles. Last night I knew if you guys can say no I could to.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/FringeVaginaSciences to r/stopdrinking--today is a great day to be sober. Everyday I decide to be sober everyday I am willing to share in some recovery forum or another everyday I get to bed sober is another day in which I defeat alcoholism. I'm glad you're here.  Since you're out of lurkerdom I'll spare you my standard greeting but trust me a good day sober can be expanded on by an attendance at a recovery meeting.  In other words I can consolidate the gains.
Good for you! Although disclosure isn't a requirement of sobriety it is empowering to be able to be honest about it with others more often than not it yields great support from those that are about you. ..I was bar tending when I got sober too. For obvious reasons if you go to noon meetings you will run into a much higher population of waiters chefs and bar tenders...Let us know what we can do to help you since you have come out of the shadows! Welcome.
Damn it's a good day to be sober!
1 is too much and a 1000 isnt enough.  This is the thought that brings me back home when I find myself salvating over a drink.  My wife still drinks on occassion and my stance is that my faults should not hinder others on a good time.  I catch myself at times looking at her beer and being thirsty.  1 is too much and 1000 isnt enough...Good on you for continuing your sobriety!  Good luck stay strong.
[deleted]
Vagina that was awesome.  You used logic and your existing resources to stay out of that crap.  Kept your head and now you can hold it high.  I hope to be as strong as you.  Thanks for that because I want to also feel that triumph.  I guess it's all in how you frame your perspective.  Just say no.  Thanks Nancy Reagan.
One is too many and a hundred is never enough! Good work on not succumbing to the disgusting gut-wrenching and spray-tan inducing liqueur known as Midori. 
[deleted]
Good for you and you are not wrong.  It would not have been worth it. Well done.
Exciting victory and a big step!  ..&gt;They were ordering Midori Sours by the bucket and I wanted one. Just one. It looked juicy and bright and tangy...Order some grapefruit or cranberry juice on the rocks.  It's all of those things too.  I like it as my go to fake drink because no one can tell. 
good job FVS!  I read FVSciences as FVServices either way I don't get it but it makes me laugh.
Welcome glad to have you. The act of saying no is easy it's the thoughts that we have to justify having a drink that are hard to ignore we must use strength wisdom and courage. Take the reigns this is your life live the best one you can.
Now THAT's a great share to start the day! So glad you posted :)
That took a lot of strength and courage.  Congratulations on staying sober.
