-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2778tv/somebody_tell_me_the_background_anxiety_goes_away/

I have this antsy background anxiety that has become the noisy soundtrack to my every moment.  It's there when I wake up and I seem  to spend the majority of the day "working" on it.  I feel under medicated or something.  I think I am long past any physical withdrawal but really struggling with this. It's hard to focus.  I'm having thoughts like 'if it's always going to be like this my life would be richer overall if I just drank again.'  I know that's not true but Damn! I want some peace.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes it goes away.  ..Don't use anxiety as a reason for relapse--that's the message and moral.  ..Congrats on 22 days!
[deleted]
I'm dealing with some anxiety as well. This thread helped. Thanks for sharing. 
Boy does it ever go away. Us alcoholics in IOP are constantly swapping notes regarding how easy it's become to drive a car stand in a line give a presentation or just sit in one's house...Now one needs to find something to fill the void that alcohol once did but the lurking anxiety gets better!
The anxiety is you agitating yourself to get a drink.  That is one of the ways we are sick.  We want a drink and we are damn well gonna pull the freakin' house down to get it.  "No beer hey?  Well no sleep no patience no emotional control no happiness only misery until I get some!!!"  That is what is happening inside during withdrawal.  Staying quit drinking means learning to live sober which means learning to do other things than obsessing about your symptoms.  Some kind of a program really helps.  Other people can really help.  The act of reaching out settles anxiety considerably - and that is why we don't want to do it.  We know if we settle the anxiety the urge to drink will weaken.  Our drunk inner selves don't want this happening.
I had incredibly bad anxiety. Couldn't sit still watch a movie or pretty much anything else besides sit in an AA meeting and drink coffee (probably didn't help the anxiety)...It got progressively better over time and I remember the calmest period ever a few months in. I've been at peace and ease ever since. Anxiety is a thing of the past for me. Its a strong deterrent from drinking again cause if I do I feel it will come back. ..Try working out meditating yoga chamomille tea. They all helped me. They still do. I'm a couple of years in now and life free of that background anxiety is one of the best perks. ..Good luck.
My anxiety was amped up after quitting too it died down.  Exercise of any sort and mindfulness meditation help me a lot.  
I'm struggling with this too. I was sober for a while but lately the anxiety is too much. On my second day though. I'm not drinking today.
I believe crippling anxiety is a requirement to be an alcoholic....I am suspicious of those that aren't. So you are certainly not alone. Meditation is my Rx for anxiety.
While anxiety is a part of life I found that my daily anxiety has *drastically* reduced from where it was when I was drinking. It's the one clear bit of evidence to me that alcohol really screwed with my brain chemistry more than I knew or admitted to myself...Like others said give it time and don't use it as an excuse to relapse - that will only amplify the anxiety. Also I found it helped to learn healthier ways to cope with anxiety - regular exercise meditation CBT talking it out with friends. Have you tried any of those approaches?
Have you tried CBT?..I am pasting a comment I made yesterday below...The TLDR of it is that CBT has been very good for my anxiety:..My advice. Look into Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT)...It is designed to deal with anxiety and depression...The basic premise is that your feelings are the product of your thoughts...People with anxiety tend to have common thought distortions...Distortion examples: all or nothing thinking (if I can't do it perfectly why do it at all; or I screwed this up I will be a failure in everything forever); mind reading (predicting what others are thinking about you) should statements (beating yourself up about things you should be doing) discounting positives negative mental filter etc...CBT works by identifying the distorted thought. Then you write out a rational response...For me personally it has been effective at dealing with anxiety (more so than depression). CBT is one of those "you get what you put into it" and does require a fair bit of writing and a ~15-30 min daily commitment to benefit from it...In my area I was able to find a low cost class to learn and practice CBT. I would also say if you are motivated you could do it yourself working from the definitive CBT book: Feeling Good by David Burns...Hope this helps.
You are very early into recovery. Do you attend AA meetings? I personally found them to be live saving and very very informational and supportive especially in early sobriety...Many tools of how to handle emotional and social issues can be learned there. There are many people struggling with the same issues as you...    And yes Peace will come. One day at a time.
In my first few weeks of quitting I had literally drove myself to the hospital and sat in the parking lot thinking I was going to die a couple of times.  It has definitely slowed down for me at 66 days.  I feel a twinge of it once a week but certainly way less than the first few weeks.  Stick with it!
