-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27apy5/im_doing_great_but_my_brother_is_on_a_dive/

I resolved to quit again 112 days ago after finding out my older brother was passed out under his desk in the middle of the work day. I was already wanting to quit for myself at the time but watching what is happening to him scared the shit out of me because I could see my own alcoholism getting progressively worse and I knew I'd be doing the same thing in a few years. His suffering gave me the kick in the ass I needed to finally get back on the wagon...We come from a long line of alcoholics and have both struggled with drinking for 20+ years. We both work in the family business owned by our father and both work from offices in our own homes which makes it easy for him to drink during the day. He did 3 weeks of outpatient rehab a couple months ago but it hasn't stuck. He stays sober for a week or so and then binges for a few days. It has caused lots of trouble at work and he doesn't seem to be able to accept that our father is on the verge of having to fire him. I went to his house and dragged him out of bed at 6pm yesterday to try to get him to a meeting but he wouldn't go. The best I could manage was to take him out for some food and talk...I wish so badly that I could help him more. I don't want to watch him lose his job house family but I'm powerless to stop him from self-destructing. I'm also having trouble relating to the binge & daytime drinking because I've never had urges so strong that I couldn't wait at least until after work to crack one open. I know he must be hurting terribly and truly has no control over it...I don't know why I'm posting today. I guess I needed to vent because I'm so afraid for him.  I suppose it's time for me to hit some al-anon meetings... even thought I've been around alcoholics all my life I've never learned how to cope with watching someone I love destroy themselves. ..I'm thankful to be feeling strong & confident in my own sobriety right now but at times it make me stress & worry harder about him since I'm not drinking anymore and have to tackle my problems head on now. All I know for sure is that this is strengthening my resolve to stay sober. Goddamn alcohol has been a destructive force in my family for too long and I want the cycle to end now. I want to live sober and give my children a better chance at avoiding this poison.
----------immediate responses--------

I do not personally know this feeling but I wish you the best. It sounds as if you have a strong understanding that ultimately it is your sobriety that should be the most important thing in your life. 
After I came back into recovery in 2009 I began to deal with the same sort of situations you describe but it was my daughter.  Eventually (and largely because her mother left to travel abroad with a friend)--I locked her out.  I took my infant grandson and with the help of the paternal grandparents we cared for him while my daughter remained homeless.  I WORKED AN AL ANON program on my daughter.  She admitted herself into detox and recovery and we are all reunited as a family.  In fact my daughter works as the receptionist at the office where I am employed as a supervisor.  It isn't easy but one day at a time loving detachment boundaries and keeping my sobriety a priority I got through the madness (for now.)  Good luck.
I'm going through a very similar thing with my brother as well.  It's been an ongoing battle for years. I feel responsible for his well-being. I feel like if I just tried harder or said the right thing that he would get the help he so desperately needs. It weighs so heavily on me but I know that there isn't some perfect pairing of words that will get him to change.
Hi pitcher_plant.  Thank you so much for sharing your experience - it's one that I share.  Reading what you wrote was helpful for me and hopefully my story is helpful to you...My younger brother has been in and out of the rooms for almost 20 years now.  When my alcoholism took off about 7 - 8 years ago he was the first to know I had a problem and he was very aware of the place I was in when I had lost all control.  Unfortunately I couldn't talk about it with him because I wasn't ready to be honest with myself.  ..When I finally surrendered and entered rehab I reached out to my brother to let him know.  At the time we hadn't been in contact for months and we knew he was in a bad place.  He immediately responded to me let me know he was at the end of his rope and agreed to join me in rehab.  It's not easy going through rehab with your sibling but we got through it because we both realized that we had to do it each for ourselves and ourselves only...My brother left rehab and has relapsed repeatedly; he's been arrested had the paramedics called to bring him out of an overdose had an extended hospital stay etc.  ..It's so difficult to watch my brother battle the disease.  I know first hand about some of the struggles he's going through and all I can do is be there for him when he's ready and share my experience strength and hope.  I know that I have to be sober for myself and hopefully I can be an example for my brother...Thank you for letting me get this off my chest.  I hope that something in my experience is helpful to you or anyone else on the this subreddit.
