-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27bhqt/brutal_honesty_my_last_vent_before_i_make_a_bad/

Picture removed..it was not very considerate to put that up there...sorry :/..I have several un-empty bottles leftover from a party I had.....Something has snapped in my head that has changed me...someone's comment on how even drinks on the weekends will prevent me from exiting this slump in my life.  I need this change...no I want this change. And I feel getting rid of the booze and running from my triggers won't help me.  ...Maybe everyone thinks that and you guys just see me as some naive guy who's dooming himself to failure but I feel and believe this is my new path in life.  Call me crazy or unorthodox but that's what works for me..the road less traveled is the path for me. I need the challenge....  The bigger struggle for me will be handling my depression and anxiety..only on day 4 but its already tougher than day 3 and I can imagine the old saying will stay true through this "It's gonna get tougher before it gets easier"....I want to apologize if my posts seem hostile or too long or if I'm acting like a defiant 7 year old.  That's not how I want them to appear.  If we were sitting side by each you would hear my tone and see my body language and see I'm very calm cool and collective.  I am listening to advice and tweeking it to fit what in my heart I believe are tactics that will for for me...Thank you everyone your words have made a deep deep impact....Edit: removed things that didn't need to be here 
----------immediate responses--------

If it works for you it works for you and that's great. That's what you should do...The reason many of us don't think it is a good idea is because if you're truly trying not to drink having alcohol (I see there's a decent amount left) readily available makes it way too easy to give in especially in the beginning which is the hardest part. Most of us are where we are because we lacked the will power to say no for so long and kept taking the easy way (grabbing the bottle)...I hope it works for you. Good luck!
I don't see how posting pictures of your booze helps anyone here.
What is the point of including the image?  It adds nothing to the post.  Please put a note next to your image letting people know that it's a photo of alcohol bottles.  Many people do not appreciate seeing such images in their support group.
I did the same thing with cigarettes for a while. I had a pack of Marlboro Reds on me at all times that was unopened. Every time I would get the craving to smoke I would pull out that pristine-ish sealed pack and just look at it like it was a final bastion of self-control. After two months I realized I didn't need it anymore. I haven't had a cigarette since April of 2012. I ended up giving that pack to my SO (she still smokes) and she smoked it. ..No post is too long here and you're not acting like a defiant 7 year old. This sub is about recovery and self-control. If you found something that works for you provided it's not more destructive do it. ..I challenge myself in ways like you do. For me the challenge is to keep not-drinking so I can slowly move towards being healthier. I dropped 10 pounds last month by not drinking. Imagine what one year will look like? That's my self-challenge. I also take my weight in the morning and the evening and have it graphed since I quit drinking. If you go through my posts you can see the 30 day progress I put up last week. ..As for your anxiety I have it too. Talk to your doctor or a psychologist if you can. They put me on a low-dose of Lexapro that made the world of difference. Medication might not be the thing for you but you have to find a release for that pent up stress and find a new catharsis without the alcohol. I recommend working out. It releases endorphin naturally. Thank your body. Endorphin is a natural stress and anxiety killer. ..For me lifting and some medication did the trick. For you it might be different. Finding that cathartic tool is clutch. You need it. Once you find it you will find your stress is going down naturally. ..Keep your chin up and if you need anything we are here. Always. 
&gt;And I feel getting rid of the booze and running from my triggers won't help me. ..I know people who have tried to get sober like this in the past.  They said or thought things very similar to what you said above.  Not one single person maintained any level of real sobriety trying it this way.  ..
I saw your post title /u/imreallyme and I thought we were going to talk about "brutal honesty."  But instead I see you're struggling to fit in to your new sober self and in turn this support community.  Good. When I was an active drunk (and even sometimes in sobriety) I was incapable of following rules. When I got sober I chose an AA sponsor that I kind of looked up to as sort of a Big Brother and I told myself that I would be willing to give this whole sobriety thing a shot--which began with honesty being open minded and willing to follow directions.  Bingo I got sober.  ..But let me make a finer point about honesty.  There is a difference between "brutal honesty" and honesty.  Honesty is being willing to embrace what really is and in turn accountable to the truth about myself and my situations.  "Brutal honesty" is mostly just "brutal" and rarely honest.  We can be brutally honest with ourselves but use it as an excuse to just beat ourselves up.  The same with friends and others--let's agree to just be honest and leave the brutal to others.
Maybe you need to do more research. AA and this group is always here when you've had enough.
