-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27bnd8/recovery_without_therapy/

The stories of lives improved from sobriety have really been uplifting this past week. I finally sobered up after years of problem drinking culminating in a terrible bender right before moving back to my home state. I didn't know what I was getting into and it was such a horrific experience- acute withdrawal terrifying DT's I may have had a seizure went through hell and back to get hold of some benzos to help this past week (I was in a foreign country)- that the thought of having another drink and risking anything like that again seems ludicrous right now particularly since I've been reading about relapsing and kindling.  .So I'm wondering if anyone else has sobered up alone (no AA therapy long term medication) and if it's going to get harder (not the withdrawals but the temptation) to keep off the sauce and is something like AA or therapy really a requirement to stay sober?
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone is different. Therapy medication and support groups are tools. You don't *have* to use them but why wouldn't you? Sounds like you're looking for an easy way out. Well if it was easy you wouldn't be here. Find some help no shame in that.
Welcome /u/littlegreymouse to r/stopdrinking.  Yeah I use AA and psychological counseling because trust me--I'm not willing to go back and re-do what I was doing.  I can't afford anymore legal consequences.  
[deleted]
To echo what others are saying you've listed many recovery tools.  None are required and none are one-size-fits-all.  You wouldn't recommend a plumber that didn't bring tools to the job...Are there any specific reasons you would avoid AA therapy or medical treatment?  If you had a broken arm you would consult a physician right?
Lots of people sober up without therapy medication and support groups.  The question isn't whether it's possible it clearly is the question is whether it's possible for *you.*  
I don't do AA and I've found my therapist pretty useless (will probably be ending that relationship in the next few weeks) so I obviously don't see either as critical (ETA: *for me*)-- BUT I do spend at least 2 hours a day engaged in "recovery-related activities" (I count exercise meditation coming here reading about recovery or self-improvement tracking some positive habits on chains.cc etc. as all "recovery related.") ..So my answer is that it's totally possible (I hope. Knock wood. Doing pretty good so far)-- BUT you have to get the recovery from somewhere. If it were just about not bending your elbow an ACE wrap would be the cure.
Back when my drinking was at its heaviest I saw a counselor a few times per month. Back then I felt like I was on the borderline of depression and my mother was telling me that I needed to quit but I wasn't convinced to do so. Twelve years later I decided to quit and successfully did so without any counseling or group sessions. ..Some have obviously quit without need for outside assistance but getting help can only improve your chances for success.
The only thing you need to do to quit drinking is to quit drinking. That's it. ..Toolkits therapy medication. None of those can stop you from drinking. ..It's living without drinking that's the mind fuck. 
My experience is that alcoholism is a disease of the mind and the drinking is really only a symptom. Generally speaking someone who stops drinking but doesn't address any of the underlining issues is referred to as a "dry drunk" and the stereotypical picture of that is someone who is miserable angry bitter etc etc who has stopped drinking but hasn't found any peace of mind. THAT all being said- my bottom line is if someone is able to stay sober be at peace deal with life as it comes etc then it doesn't matter if they're in AA therapy whatever else or nothing at all. So it's really all down to the individual and what works for you. 
[deleted]
Even if the only tool you use is this sub it's a big help!
Hey welcome to SD and congratulations on surviving what sounds like a truly horrific detox!      .     .I have 118 days sober after 10 years of (on average) daily binge drinking. In my first month I had 2 sessions with a social worker who specialized in addiction counseling. I went primarily as a gesture to show my wife I was serious about getting sober; but I didn't get much from it as she didnt give feedback/advice/direction etc. She would just sit in silence until I started rambling about something and then interject with a really benign question every 15 minutes or so. After the 2nd session I decided not to go back. I had over 30 days by that point was comfortable in my sobriety and had kicked addictions to more potent substances on my own before.      .     .I don't do AA or any other programs; so aside from those 2 useless counseling sessions it's been me vs. booze and I will mark 4 months of victory on Saturday. Getting sober has been surprisingly easy for me; I have cravings every now and then but nothing I haven't been able to talk myself through.      .     .Take all of this with a billion grains of salt - what works for me may very well guarantee failure for you. It's important to note too that I didn't have nearly the detox experience you did so your addiction is likely more serious than mine. I was in a shitty mood for a week or two and I've been on Xanax for years so that helped curb any serious psychological affects. Also I have a history of extremes with addiction - when I'm using *anything* it's no-holds-barred going till I shut down every day all the time... But whenever I've really committed to quitting something (that's the challenge for me commitment) I've been able to set it down and walk away with objectively minimal difficulty.      .     .Feel free to PM if you have any questions or want to vent. You've done the hardest part already - keep pressing forward!     .     .EDIT: Another disclaimer - there is NO fucking shame in asking for help. When I went to that first session I remember sitting in the waiting room and feeling like such a failure. I was looking at pictures of my daughter on my phone and just could not overcome the sense that I was a miserable excuse for a man. Even though I knew my drinking was problematic for years the reality of the situation hit me all it once in those 5 minutes outside the counselor's office. If you need help which you likely do you would be a goddamned idiot not to take any hand stretched out to you. Admitting defeat can make you feel like to sorriest excuse for a person to have ever lived - but it takes so much fucking courage to really commit to bettering your life and even more courage to ask for/accept help along the way. Through your weaknesses you are strong. Remember that.
