-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27cmwj/15_years_sober_has_anyone_here_reconnected_with/

Hi everyone..It's been about 1.5 years since my last drink a landmark I  wouldn't have even imagined. It took moving far far away and losing some big pieces of my life but man... I freaking LOVE how I feel. I'm tearing up thinking about it and thank you all from the bottom of my heart for sharing your story and posting encouragements for others to see...I'll admit it can be scary at times and I still get the occasional dreams about drinking occasionally. One of the most difficult decisions made on this journey was breaking up with the girl. I didn't see it while I was in the relationship but we were both enablers. I was at a point where I would have an 'eye opener' before heading to work.. Or somehow convince myself that I was having fun while wasted...fast forward to now and she's somehow found me through mutual friends and wants to give it another try. I really care for her but I think it might just be the good memories lingering. So much can happen in a year people can change right?? I feel like I've changed.. am I just being hopeful??..She did mention that she's been trying to cut down on her drinking but has been difficult since she gets free drinks at work (she works as a waitress)....Has anyone here had a similar experience with exes or old drinking buddies? ...oh I don't know if this is relevant info but we're both 29 years old..**edit: in my initial excitement I did respond and was receptive but thanks to all of your for reminding me that this journey has been about *moving on*. Everyday's a struggle but it's an easier one thanks to all the support and awesome people on this subreddit!**
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and welcome. Congrats on a year and a half of sobriety. ..To be blunt you are not thinking rationally. ."Hopeful" is not the word. To consider a relationship with someone who already acknowledges a drinking problem is asking for heartbreak and possible relapse. My experience with exes who were still drinking was to stay far away. My experience with a SO who was abusing alcohol was to leave him so I could stay sober. It's times like these when being involved with a support group and having a sponsor is helpful and life saving. I'm so happy you posted here. My suggestion is: **RUN!**
Especially given that you don't sound whole-hog about this listen to that inner voice. Sounds like a horrible idea. You are a different person now.
Behind every skirt there's a slip. ..The beaver trail leads to wine country. ..Those cliches are repeated for a reason. 
As a woman it struck me when you said: ..&gt;She did mention that she's been trying to cut down on her drinking..Had you already mentioned to her that you were sober? If so this is one woman trick I know. If you want someone back bad enough you'll say whatever. This may be true or it may not. But it's easy to convince yourself of anything when you really want someone...It could be that she's being honest. Even so "trying to cut down" would not be good enough for me. My opinion is don't dig up the past man. I've never found anything good from going back to a relationship that wasn't healthy.
Nope.  No.   Uh uh.
