-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27hteo/dreaded_relapse/

Hi all.  Been going through a relapse for the last few weeks after six months sober.  I'm a young(ish) fairly successful guy with a wonderful wife and two wonderful kids.  A third is on the way.  I was very happy during those six months.  Not sure what led me back to drinking but I have been on and off for about a month now.  I drink in my office at work as to hide it from my family and was doing so this morning.  I deal with depression and anxiety and I assume that is part of what led me to drink again.  I don't want to bore everyone with the details.  Any words of encouragement are greatly appreciated.  Here's to starting day one (again) tomorrow.  
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to see you are planning on coming back.  It sounds like the right choice for you.  May I ask what you plan on doing differently this time to help make it stick?..Good luck!
What I did before that worked was indulging in other things.  Food (particularly fast food) popcorn movies TV anything that I could get in to that took my mind off of drinking.  I'm guessing I'll try that again. ..When I relapsed I was dieting and trying to lose weight.  Perhaps the calorie deficit played a part.
I'd work really hard on the root of your addiction transfer addiction is a very real and at times just as deadly as booze. 
I've done that.  I feel like I should point out that I'm not struggling with weight--re-reading my comments it probably seems that I'm substituting booze with food.  I am actually quite fit tall and athletic.  I have had problems with other drugs but I've never had an issue with food or weight.
Self medicating is pretty common topic among alcoholics in recovery.  The thing is we are not medical professionals.  Speak with your physician.  
Welcome back bp.  You know the drill: 1. make a deliberate daily decision not to drink when you first wake up tomorrow; 2. get to a recovery meeting (I'm doing AA meetings) and go to bed sober tomorrow night; 3. next day repeat.  Move the feet because you have proved to your satisfaction that you aren't going to think your way out of alcoholism.  
I highly recommend meeting with a therapist and recovery support group meetings. Good luck. 
Two things I would encourage you to consider.  1) Addiction led you back to drinking not anything else.  Are depression and anxiety red herrings? If you didn't have those issues going on would you have found another reason to drink?  2) Why is day 1 tomorrow?  Why isn't your day one today?  For me that style of thinking indicated that I viewed alcohol as a reward.  The problem with thinking "ok these next few drinks will be my last" is that they very rarely are.  It's a problematic mindset...Welcome back!.
Thank you everyone for your replies and help.  Greatly appreciated.  I do have a few constructive hobbies but mostly I feel like I don't have a lot of time for them.  I wake up at 6 go to work leave at five go to the gym and then home with enough time to hang out with the kids hang out with my wife and go to bed.  I'm not pushing your advice aside instead I'm saying I should probably make an effort to devote more time to them instead of drinking...Also today could be my day one but I was drinking this morning so I meant that tomorrow would be my first day completely sober.  ..Thanks again everyone.  I'm ready to do this!
[deleted]
I always feel good when I'm honest with everyone.  It must be painful living a double life with the woman you love..
