-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27m6dz/im_22_years_old_and_one_year_sober_today_and_i/

I was first sent to detox at age 18. My parents pressured me to go and eventhough I didn't want to I did it. Fast forward a few months and I've relapsed 3 times and been back to detox 3 times...Back then I didn't really realize what my problem was because I was happy (although the constant alcohol influx on my brain might've tricked my perception of what 'happy' really means)...After my 4th time in detox my parents and doctors finally convinced me to admit myself to inpatient rehab for 6 months...It was an interesting time and I met a lot of great people and learned a lot of interesting stuff about addiction depression etc...Ever since I finished the inpatient rehab I havent touched a single drop of alcohol or any other drugs (except for caffeine and nicotine)...People told me it would get better and I'd find true happiness in sobriety but if you want me to be honest: I'm fucking miserable...I havent had fun a single night I went out with friends ever since I became sober...Sure my health and fitness have improved but that doesnt change how I feel on the inside...I'm on a variety of meds that are supposed to make me feel better (Cymbalta for anxiety and depression Haloperidol for manic episodes Seroquel to help me stay calm and Ritalin for my ADHD) but quite frankly I dont notice a difference to when I'm not taking them...For one year Ive not been depressed per se Ive just not really enjoyed anything I do...One could say I have a lot going for me.. I'm young attractive make a lot of money for my age have no problem talking to and attracting women my family loves and supports me but despite all that I think back to the days where I got out of bed totally hungover cracked open a beer in the shower snorted a line of crystal before going to the office totally tweaked out. I looked like shit I felt like shit (when not using) but I felt emotions I felt excitement sadness sheer happiness...I long for the days where we randomly drove to Amsterdam to get completely drugged up and shitfaced and got into all kinds of crazy shenanigans...I go to AA twice a week and I cant relate at all to any of the other people's stories... how they feel much happier without drugs and alcohol how their lives have improved greatly.....Honestly? I'm just a tiny bit from driving to the liquor store and getting completely shitfaced...I admit that I have a huge drinking and drug problem but I thought it would get better over the time but nope... its all gone downhill ever since I became sober...Can anyone here offer some words of advice or support?..I dont know what to do anymore...Thank you so much. I admire all of you for trying to live without abusing substances.
----------immediate responses--------

First off congrats! This accomplishment has been huge...Second I just want to say how very sorry I am that you're feeling this way. What a bummer right to be doing "all the right things" and not find the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow...I'd propose that you bring all this up to whoever is managing your meds as a first step...From my experience I'd say the thing likely causing this is quitting the meth. I did meth for several years about 20 years ago and I still struggle with motivation and defining "what's fun" sometimes. When I quit I transitioned pretty quickly to alcohol within a couple of years so I never had to come to terms with the fact that the balls-out "everything is fun WOW this is the most exciting thing in the world" feeling you get from meth is just totally not true or authentic. Everything isn't supposed to be that much fun. It's just not. Life is a whole lot of pretty mundane shit with a really great and meaningful moment thrown in here and there to keep you going. You can find those great moments every day of course they just kind of sit there in the corners whispering-- you have to be present to see and appreciate them. The don't come in hair on fire hitting you in the head with a pool noodle and screaming about what crazy fun life is the way they do when you're on meth...Long story short-- time and learning to appreciate the subtlety of authentic good times.
Hi.  You've done something incredibly hard by being sober for the past year.  You should be shouting from the roof tops "I Am Awesome!".  You may not feel it but you really are.  ..Yet something is missing for you and your pesky brain is trying to sell you that if you just went back to the alcohol and drugs that it would solve all of your problems.  Your brain is a liar!   (As is mine and everyone else's on this forum)...You asked for advice so here goes:)..You don't relate to the folks at the AA meetings?  Find other meetings to try out.  And even if you don't relate to how they're happier in sobriety you all have a common bond in sobriety.  Have you shared with the group that you're not feeling happier?..You're on a lot of meds - which could be impacting how you feel.  Have you told your Dr. honestly how you feel?  In the U.S. We have prescribing psychiatrists that focus on prescribing and adjusting meds for optimal results so controlling your anxiety mood swings and ADHD but not turning you into a zombie.  It's an Art not a science so likely things need to be adjusted (that's why most office buildings that house medical offices are using called "Medical Arts" - at least that's my theory)...You say you don't notice a difference when you're off the meds.  Have you asked your parents or others that know you well and have seen you at your worst if they notice a difference?..You say you met a lot great people in rehab and that you haven't had a fun night with friends since you got sober.  Who are you hanging out with?  Maybe you need to call those great people and suggest a night out ..... Dinner at a cool new restaurant?  Bowling? Volunteering? Roller skating?  Anything is better than wallowing alone...Lastly you are not alone.  We're all here for you and pulling for you.  I'm glad you posted...
If you don't notice a difference then I would suggest coming off your meds. Speak to a doctor about this first though. As for having fun you should try out a number of different activities and eventually you will find one that suits you. Mountain climbing skiing/snowboarding any extreme sport is likely to elicit a rush of excitement in you. Even just running can induce a really good feeling (/r/running). Good luck hope you find something you enjoy. 
One year sober is a massive accomplishment coming from a guy who's just only made it to three weeks you inspire me. Part of AA is reaching out to the alcoholic in need and if in any small capacity I can be of support please feel free to reach out and shoot me a PM. ..The shares I relate to most take place at specified Young Peoples meetings. One share stuck out in particular where a young woman said "I had to realize that neither AA or sobriety in general were going to *make* me happy. I had to put in work outside the meetings and not only help myself but help others as well. I had to open my mind to  building a new comfort zone and immerse myself in new things that made me nervous but in time they paid off with a sense of accomplishment whether or not I felt joy while doing it."..Just wondering- do you go to the meetings sit and listen and that's it or do you have a sponsor helping you work the steps? For a long ass time I was resistant as fuck to going to meetings frequently and getting a sponsor but this time around I got one and I'm opening my mind to his suggestions. I believe that if I work the program even if I work it in a way I can relate to it that I'll be able to find happiness in my life. The key is that I *must* work it. 
That must feel really frustrating.
Hey awesome job on one year! I can't imagine how much strength it took to get through all of it while feeling shitty in sobriety and like you weren't able to relate to other sober people! ..Two things stood out to me: medication and the AA meetings...I would *definitely* talk to a doctor about your feelings and your medications. Maybe get a second opinion? It just seems like a lot....As others have suggested check out other AA meetings. Try to relate not compare. Seek out the newcomer liaisons or other people who seem to be really happy in AA...I've never done meth but I did a lot of adderall and coke and real life just felt *low* compared to the high highs of speed and drinking binges. Today I am amazed every. single. day. at how content and at peace I can feel. It's because I sought out many meetings found happy AA members got a sponsor and began to work the steps. 
I was in the exact same spot after one year sober it's almost scary how familiar this sounds. ..For me things got drastically better just 1-2 months later. Nothing really changed I just started feeling better enjoying life more and more. Just shortly after that I found an amazing girlfriend job situation is looking up and I'm more happy than I've ever been in my life. ..What I'm trying to say is: Don't give up just yet you've accomplished something great and it's entirely possible that your brain chemistry is still work in progress. It happened to me it can happen to you. Good luck!
Hi - I also got sober in high school. I am 43 and have 26 year sober now...Learning how to have fun sober is a process. But it is one that will not fail you.  If you want to you can learn how and you will have a much better life...You may not have figured out how to get your life to "better" but if you look at your situation honestly then I think you will see that drinking will make it worse...We have a saying "I may not know how to make it better but I sure know how to make it worse - by drinking."..I echo the sentiments about looking at the meds.  Not being able to enjoy things is a symptom of depression. But some of the drugs that you are on also can have a depressive effect where you don't feel much of anything or enjoy anything. So you really should discuss it with your shrink.  I also agree the comment that someone said about it being an "art" not a science...I had some fabulous times at your age sober. But it was up and down as I learned about myself and the world.  The truth is that my non-alcoholic friends were also experiencing this up and down confusion etc...Just because it looks like everyone else if having a great time except you don't believe it. Judging your "insides" by others "outsides" gives you false info because it is a false comparison...Feel free to PM me.  I have been where you are. Further down the road now...Edit to add:  Hope you have a better birthday. I am proud of you even if I don't know you because I know how hard it is!
It sounds like you have many of the basix things going the right direction for you but that doesn't mean that you are going to feel fulfilled. Personally I started feeling really fulfilled when I got more involved with my community. A combination of service and generally just showing up for events is what I do/did. 
Great advice in this thread. I'd like to add that Haloperidol is a d2 dopamine receptor antagonist meaning it blocks the brain's "feel good" chemicals. dopamine is responsible for much of the pleasure you feel when getting a good grade receiving a text from your crush etc. When taking antipsychotics someone may experience anhedonia or the inability to feel pleasure from things that are normally pleasurable...I am also bipolar and I'd just like to share my own experiences: upon coming off of medication I did have more trouble dealing with manic episodes (therapy helped) but my mood and appreciation of life are far improved since then...Best of luck OP!
I first went to detox at 17 and did not stay sober. And why would I? I was still having the time of my life at that age. Sure some bad things had happened but on the whole alcohol was a positive thing in my life. Fast forward a few years later and seven more trips to detox later I'm completely miserable and want to die every day. ..That's when I got sober. I couldn't stand to be drunk any longer but in my memories of sobriety I was just as miserable. So if I can't be happy sober or drunk should I just kill myself? I decided to put that plan on hold and give sobriety another shot. I knew the people in AA had the same shit as me obsessed about alcohol the same way had been through many of the same experiences etc. People I met in AA seemed like some of the most genuinely happy and loving people I'd ever met. ..Fully believing that this was my last shot I gave it my all. I got a sponsor worked the steps made friends with people in the program and attended meetings as often as I could. ..I had to put aside my prejudice against spirituality and find a way to integrate the steps into my daily life. I'm an atheist so this was a little confusing for me at first but it's not as tricky as it seems. Now my life's pretty fucking awesome. I found the stuff I really enjoy doing I have people in my life that I like being around and I don't have to go through life as a liar. I'm happy with the person I am today. ..Basically it required a lot of desperation for me to do the stuff that AA put in front of me. For me that desperation came from the last days of my drinking but I know people in the program who hit their bottom totally dry. I'm not gonna pretend I know what you need to do but hopefully hearing my experience can help you figure it out. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
First congratulations /u/XIII_mm on a year sober. Furthermore it sounds like you have a real year sober; although I would ask a counselor what's happening with you that you don't seem able to connect with others in recovery.  If you're doing AA I suspect that it's because you aren't doing the steps but let me be clear--I'm trying to encourage you to look at yourself in the hope that it helps you...Let me tell you a little known historical fact the co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous Dr. Bob Smith reports in his personal story in Alcoholics Anonymous aka the Big Book that it was 2 years before craving for alcohol abated.  Of course they hadn't quite worked out the 12 Steps or a program as we have it now.  My suggestion--dive in!
