-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/27slzn/day_31/

31 days since my last relapse. I had gone 3 months in December and the beginning of the year before finding an excuse to get obliterated. Those three months taught me a lot of lessons and since the last episode I've learned even more. Reading Alan Carr's book definitely helped...The most important thing I've learned: Feelings are fleeting. Though I might get depressed anxious angry even joyous they are just emotions something ephemeral. The good ones are to be savored relished fed and nourished. The bad ones are to be contemplated and tolerated. My emotions DO NOT control me...The real enemy is the time scales we give importance. Our emotions are so adept at keeping us focused on what's right in front of our face even when all our logic and reason sees the bigger picture. Overcoming your emotions is the wrong way to look at it in my mind. Our emotions a lot of times cannot be controlled. But they can be viewed as what they are. Fleeting and temporary. I've learned to let them pass over and through me like water past a rock after a storm only to be illuminated and dried off again...I have not done AA or SMART but I have made sure I'm accountable to those closest to me. And I read this forum every day for support. Thank you to everyone here even the people struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the 31 days!..I like what you wrote regarding feelings and emotions being fleeting.  They come and go as the seasons come and go and are meant to be used as guides to how we feel internally about something or so I'd like to think...Sometimes when I'm not feeling a really good feeling or thought I try to pause and think of it's opposite feeling or something that makes me feel the opposite and sit in that for a moment or two...Thanks for sharing!
Good work; although you get extra credit of checking out a recovery meeting so some sort if only to make sure you know how easy it is to access support in a tough or tempting spot!
Kudos for 31 days. Yes feelings are temporary. It was a wonderful discovery but my understanding of this concept was not permanent. I've had to remind myself on more than one occasion. Hope you find the support you need and deserve.
