-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/283alt/slip_fall_relapse_normal/

So a couple of months ago I drank way too much alcohol without really meaning to ("I'll just have one shot" turned into drinking the whole freaking bottle) and this has happened more times than I can count so the next morning I woke up and went to an AA meeting...I stayed off it for a few weeks then went out with a couple of friends and had a few drinks no big deal. Then I didn't drink anything until Memorial day - had a few beers again no big deal. Then this last weekend the same thing happened. So I was like okay maybe I don't have a problem with alcohol.....So then last night happened. I got home had a beer. Ended up having 6 more plus some whiskey. I would have drank more but there was no more alcohol in the house and I didn't have an easy way to get more. Once again I did not intend to get drunk I was just going to have one beer and the next thing I knew I was pretty drunk (that part was weird since my tolerance is usually higher and I did eat dinner) and wandering off to the parking lot across the street from my apartment complex and like sitting on the steps with half a cup of beer. ..So yeah I honestly don't know if I have a problem or not. So confused. Any thoughts? Can anyone relate?
----------immediate responses--------

If you are unable to limit your alcohol intake once you start consuming alcohol then yes you very likely do have a problem.  Not all alcoholics drink every day.  Many are binge drinkers who only drink on occasion.  But when they do drink they are unable to limit their intake.  If that sounds like you you might be an alcoholic...I cannot easily stop drinking once I start drinking.  The only way I've found to reliably control my drinking is to not drink at all.  So that's what I do. ..I can't even fathom why someone would want to have only one drink.  What is the point of one drink?  I just don't get it.  I mean sure I can *tell* myself that I just want one.  I understand that part of it.  But if I'm being honest with myself I know that one drink isn't going to do it for me.  I don't want one I want 15. That's what I'm really after.  One drink just happens to be on the way to 15 drinks.  One drink just gets me one step closer to where I *really* want to be.  Given the choice between having one drink and having zero drinks I would rather have zero.  It's not enjoyable to have just one.  It's all an illusion.  Again if I'm being honest with myself.
Everyone has to carve their own path. But for me I WASTED an entire decade looking for a rock bottom or trying to moderate to no avail. Tying to make sense of something senseless I'm so glad it finally got old.
Welcome /u/drunken_superhero.  My recommendation is take the 30-day Sober challenge.  Stop drinking for 30 days and then reassess your relationship with alcohol.  If you have trouble stopping that will be a dead giveaway that your issue is more problematic than you know.  If after 30 days you like what you're doing do 30 more.  Good luck.  Let us know if you need some direction on the nuts and bolts of stopping.
Are you me?  From the sounds of it you and I have almost identical stories.  Yes there once was a day when I drank all the time but for years I quit.  Like you I would still have an occassional drink here and there and 90% of the time I could handle it.  ..But the other 10% I didn't know when to stop.  I had no intentions on getting that wasted but I wasn't happy till the bottle was gone.  I tried everything from not drinking for weeks only having drinks when I was out (this usually worked because of my fears of DUI's) not keeping booze in the house etc.  ..Sure as always though something would upset me I would be sad bored or whatever the excuse of the day was and I would think "Well I was good the last 2 or 4 or 8 times I drank I'm just going to have a couple to calm my nerves."  Then waking up the next morning realizing the bottle of Vodka was gone and I had gotten in a fight with my SO for no good reason I hated myself. ..It took my SO leaving me to make me stop.  It was to late for us but at least not for me.  I have been sober 81 days now.  On my birthday 2 weeks ago an old friend bought me a bottle of wine.  We poured a glass I took one sip and said NO FRICKIN WAY.  Whenever she wasn't looking I poured some into the Mt. Dew can I had sitting on the coffee table next to us.  ..I choose not to drink anymore because even though I can control more often than not there are times I can't.  That reason scares me still to this day and after 81 days I don't want to chance it again.  This is just my story but I hope some of it makes sense.
