-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28a6fj/one_year_ago_i_decided_to_quit_drinking/

A year ago today I decided enough was enough and I couldn't keep doing this to myself. It was the best decision I've ever made...I've had 2 relapses since - the first because quitting was so "easy" to me that I thought maybe I wasn't really an alcoholic. It was kind of a controlled relapse with "permission" from my wife on vacation in the tropics. I learned that drinking wasn't as fun as I was remembering it to be. But I still hadn't convinced myself that I was a true alcoholic...The second was the kicker. I was having personal issues and I used them as an excuse to drink. My REAL rationale was that I had been sober for almost 90 days and I could totally be someone who gets it out of their system once every 90 days. Why not? Well one night of drinking turned into 72 hours of non-stop don't-go-to-work sneak-alcohol-when-your-wife-sends-you-to-your-parents'-house-to-sober-up drinking. It was bad and I deserted my wife during one of the hardest things we've ever had to deal with. I learned my lesson and I have no intention of ever going back there. I don't think I can ever drink again...My advice for those who are just staring out? (In no particular order)..- Be open. Try AA even if you have a problem with the God thing. I eventually didn't stick with AA because it just wasn't for me. But going in the beginning (and again after my bad relapse) showed me what a true support system is and how important they are. I'm convinced that I never would have relapsed if I hadn't closed my mind to them. If AA doesn't work for you try something else. I now see an addiction therapist one-on-one. That was my path and it's working for me...- Stay occupied. For me boredom was a BIG trigger. I fill my time now with all the things I used to think I never had time for (reading playing guitar and now exercising). Even major cravings will go away if you fill your time with something else...- Stay accountable. I'm very open with people including coworkers that don't know me that well that I'm a recovering alcoholic. I feel comfortable with it because I feel that the more people that know the more accountable I have to be. I've also found that my original fears of the stigma attached to that label were mostly unfounded...- Maintain a healthy fear of alcohol. This one is a big one for me. There have been times where my recovery has been going SO well that I forget to check /r/stopdrinking or even think about my recovery. And this is mostly a good thing it means I'm getting fully used to just being someone who doesn't drink. But when I realize that  this is happening I make it a point to get on here and read stories and contribute. I need to read the newbies' posts to remind me of why I quit in the first place and remember how I felt after my last relapse. I need to help others as well. Never get complacent with your recovery it leads to rationalization on that next drink being OK. ..That's all I can think of for now. I hope this helps someone...I also want to thank /r/stopdrinking so much. It's one of my biggest tools for staying sober and an invaluable asset. Looking forward to getting my 9-star and my smiley-star soon!..Have a great day everyone. Stay sober...**EDIT** Thanks for the gold random sober person
----------immediate responses--------

You go vnads!  You're kicking ass.  Keep it up.
Awesome job /u/vnads.  You are a power of example on how to get sober.
 Maintain a healthy fear of alcohol..I really like that. When I've tried to quit before after a while of sobriety I've always ended up forgiving Alcohol somehow. Crazy isn't it? I'd convicne myself that maybe I was too harsh on it. Maybe it was more about me as a person than it was the alcohol. Before you know it 3 months have passed and you've done nothing but drink everyday all day. The truth is as it's been said by many leading scientists if alcohol was only discovered today it would be banned as a class A drug.
Congratulations on your year. Well done!
Congrats! Great share full of useful advice.
"Never get complacent with your recovery it leads to rationalization on that next drink being OKAY."..I'm going to write this down and carry it with me. Complacency leads to rationalization. What a simple statement for such a big truth. Thank you for this. 
&gt;I learned that drinking wasn't as fun as I was remembering it to be...Man I just learned that lesson. Thanks for posting this today. What a journey and you've learned and grown so much. Saved your post. 
Thanks for the share vnads. Good advice all.
Thank you so much for the advice! and nice work!
I like this post a lot /u/vnads! Stay occupied. That's going to be a big one for me because whenever I am bored my immediate thought goes to "I should pick up a case" which turns into me drinking for 2 or 3 days straight.
I have been neglecting my resources lately and I've noticed my cravings have gone up...I went to 2 AA meetings tried it found it wasn't for me. It just didn't seem like a very welcoming group. I also have a touch of social anxiety so that didn't help...Congratulations on one year!
I love these kinds of posts! Way to go!..&gt;boredom was a BIG trigger..Yep. We often mistake our drinking lives as exciting but more often we were simply masking our boring lives.
good job !
Awesome.  Would you describe your experience drinking in the tropics?...I have just over a year as well and am doing good.  I'm worried about my first Caribbean vacation.  Won't be as fun etc etc.  
&gt;Be open. Try AA even if you have a problem with the God thing. I eventually didn't stick with AA because it just wasn't for me. But going in the beginning (and again after my bad relapse) showed me what a true support system is and how important they are. ..Just wanted to reinforce this because my experience was similar. I don't go anymore but it was a huge help in getting over the initial "hump" of sobriety. ..
Great advice. I would add "work the steps because they work" but that's just me. 
it helped me!  Thank you!
