-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28acf3/so_it_happened_she_left_i_relapsed/

I'm so sorry to everyone here. I couldn't help it. I didn't even get to see her after I came back from my boot camp in Texas. She moved out while I was gone no warning or signs or anything. So I drank. She was the reason I got sober the only reason I stayed sober. I never wanted to be with someone so much. And now it's all fallen to pieces and I have no idea what I'm going to do. /u/coolcrosby  I hope you get to read this. I could really use some support right now. I don't want to spiral out of control. But I feel like it's too late.
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry to hear I threw away the best relationship I ever had 6 years ago. Stay strong and don't let the actions of others guide your future.
I'm so sorry this happened.  How had things been going before you left for boot camp?  Is this military boot camp or something else?..Getting sober for other people has a huge weakness in it: what happens when they're gone or they're less than supportive?  I don't think anyone can truly be happy in sobriety if they're not in it for themselves.  I know that I was miserable until I finally accepted that I'm an alcoholic and that I won't ever drink again...I'm sure we both know that drinking won't make things better.  And if she left you because of your drinking drinking will certainly not help that...I'd imagine that having in person support right now would be really helpful.  If you don't have a supportive friend or family member I think it'd be worth going to a recovery meeting to be around people who really get it...I'm sorry you're dealing with this and I hope things get better for you soon.
Alcohol won't bring this woman back.  It won't offer you solace.  What have you learned in 70 days?  What recovery tools worked the best?  Thank of alcohol as a square peg in a round hole.  We're looking for a solution and we make a critical error by selecting an ill-fitting inadequate peg.  What are other options?  A lapse can be a learning experience a relapse is an abandonment of everything we've learned.
Listen friend. I once had a great relationship with someone. I thought they were my soulmate (maybe they were one of them). One day I woke up in jail with a restraining order. I have never seen him again. For 11 years I mourned that relationship in my heart and he would appear in my dreams. Last year however I met the woman of my dreams. You see there are many people out there and I know it's hard to see that when you're grieving someone special. But for me I ended up being glad it didn't work out. Because he was a really great guy but he was not the one for me after all. My heart is with you today. 
As long as you're still here it's never too late. I did the same thing over a girl once but in hindsight it just prolonged the pain instead of easing it. If you can find it within yourself to stay sober just for you you can turn this into a learning experience rather than a slide into something worse. It's up to you but you know how it gets better being sober. There's no use in beating yourself up over it... The quicker you can get up and running again the better you will feel. It may hurt a lot right now but all things pass in time. Hang in there and just focus on today.
I'm sorry for this /u/thegreatdg -- but whole lives turn in these dark moments to the light for good.  Today I will not drink no matter what happens good or bad.  I am going to go to a recovery meeting.  I will go to bed sober.  Tomorrow I plan to repeat.  I will ACT my way into better thinking; I will not think my way into better acting...So friend we will celebrate your 1-year anniversary a little later next year than we thought.  
Sorry to hear this.  I have found that anybody who gets sober because of or for someone else is going to have a much harder go than if they are doing it for themselves.  Now is that time or you.  Embrace the opportunity.
