-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28euo7/are_yfkidding_me_i_just_learned_about_paws/

Someone mentioned PAWS earlier and I started reading about it.  fuuuuuuuuuu.  I had no idea the mental damage from drinking was going to stretch out that long.  I'll still work thru it but honestly it's a little bit of a downer...**For the folks that are 2+ years sober did it really take years for some mental/emotional things to clear up?**..Links:  [PAWS](http://www.addictionsandrecovery.org/post-acute-withdrawal.htm)  and [Relapse Prevention + stages of relapse](http://www.addictionsandrecovery.org/relapse-prevention.htm)
----------immediate responses--------

I've never put a lot of stock in the PAWS concept.  I know there is a biological basis for it--basically your neuroreceptors need time to re-express themselves which means grow back.  That can take a while.  But so many of the alleged symptoms are dependent on the addict's perception of his or herself which is often flawed.  People will say *I don't feel as smart as I used to due to PAWS.*  And all I can think is *well sorry to tell you this pal but chances are you weren't that smart to begin with.  You have a skewed perception of your own abilities.*  ..Even if the person is correct and they really are dumber than they were before why do they believe that they should always be as smart as they once were?  Why is that the measuring stick?  I once had blond hair.  Now I don't.  Things change. You can't cling to the past.  Nothing is permanent...Mood swings.  Irritability.  Tiredness.  Disturbed sleep.  Problems with concentration.  Not only do these symptoms each have a bajillion causes but every person alive deals with every one of these things. It's part of being a human being. Getting sober is not a free ticket to super happy wonderful land.  If you're feeling down on a particular day it could be just because you're feeling down on that particular day...There's no reason to worry about any of this.  Maybe you have PAWS maybe you don't.  What's the difference?  Maybe things will improve in time or maybe they won't.  Why should it matter?  It's not like you have any other options ya know?  At any given time you are where you are.  All you can do is live your life &amp; make the most out of what you have.  
Daunting isn't it? My best defense is to keep my brain at a steady jog I quiet things with meditation but I am always looking for learning opportunities I am on a work hiatus currently and getting back to in in late September or October so I am trying to stay sharp in my field so when I get back to it I don't feel like it got far ahead of me. ..As daunting as that news is still better to be sober!
&gt;For the folks that are 2+ years sober did it really take years for some mental/emotional things to clear up?..Yes but the time went by pretty fast and it was well worth it.
I don't think it took two years for me but it was a long time ago so hard to remember. Better than what my emotional/mental health would have been had I been drinking for two years! Anything was an improvement! As my grandma used to say "Don't borrow trouble". ..Relapse prevention and the stages of relapse are very important. I'd pay attention to them. Relapse starts before actually picking up the drink so vigilance is critical. 
When I was over two years sober I felt noticeably different. Getting to that point took a lot of time for me but it wasn't some laborious process. I just kept at my recovery a day at a time...PAWS likely plays a role for most people especially earlier on in recovery but you shouldn't presume it's going to take X amount of time until things get better for you. ..
[deleted]
Ok so I just read that first page on the PAWS link.  For me alcohol was a constantly administered drug that I would use at the slightest provocation.  I have a mindset of medicating.  Constantly monitoring my environment for any triggers or unrest and then quickly smoothing them out with booze.  To me it sounds like PAWS is largely learning how to navigate the world without the perceived safety net of using.  I used to relax just thinking about drinking.  My comfort is missing.
My addictions counselor who works through the provincial health care system says PAWS lasts for 2 weeks.  The literature that I've received from the clinic has all stated that PAWS is a 2 week process while the body goes through the shock of not having a drug all the time.  I certainly felt that was accurate for me.  My RN who is a recovered alcoholic went through rehab told me that the first 2 weeks is the toughest part then it's just 'don't think don't drink' after that...I've never heard PAWS was a long period of time.
We speak a lot about HALT (Hungry AngryLonely Tired} a lot in the rooms and how important it is to address these issues as they arise in our lives...Living one day at a time is keeping our feet on the ground watching where we step and our eyes open. 
