-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28fb1o/im_going_to_bed_sober_when_i_wake_up_tomorrow_i/

Tomorrow I get my 30 day chip.  It feels like the month has flown by from the first day I went to AA...and at the same time it feels like this month has been the longest of my life.  The first week was the hardest...and social events where others were drinking were very very tough but nights at home (where I'd previously drink every night) haven't been so bad.  I feel better physically and haven't gained weight this month (unlike my quickly and steadily rising weight the past 1 1/2 years).  I have many big challenges ahead of me but I've made it this far...one day at a time.  ..I've been able to reveal my struggle and recovery to some close friends and family and so far everyone has been supportive.  It is difficult to reveal my alcoholism to others because it is embarrassing frustrating and painful but so far everyone I love has been on my side.  ..Time to go to bed sober.  Tomorrow I wake up without a hangover and start a new day with a clear head.  .
----------immediate responses--------

Disclosing to others is your I business. It gets easier to tell people when and if you do it is a liberating feeling. Or at least it was for me. Awesome job on 30 days!
Congratulations on 30 days that's awesome.  I'm so happy to hear you have found support in friends and family.  While honesty has been a cornerstone of my sobriety I'm not above white lies when it comes to why I'm not drinking. 
Your amazing.  You were not common as an alcoholic but to be a sober alcoholic.  F***ing bad ass.
CONGRATULATIONS! The first few months are always the hardest but you have made it this far and you're doing an amazing job. Keep coming back:)
"...because it is embarrassing frustrating and painful...". In a little while these words will change to Liberating Empowering and Healthy. 
Fantastic to hear this. Way to be an inspiration for the rest of us. 
awesome congrats! I'm shocked at how much better I feel physically too and have been able to actually lose some weight. It's incredible the physical toll (not to mention emotional) my drinking was taking
Glad to see we're both still on track. Now I get to return the favor from when we had twelve days! Congratulations we're in this together. Keep up the good work.
Congrats man!..I feel your pain on being embarrassed. I still am to a degree. Most of my friends know I dont drink they all knew I was a massive drinker. But none of them saw my darkest days in the months before I quit...I had a discussion with my roommate about it. We got sober within days of each other about 7 months ago (barring a relapse on my end). He has been completely open about his sobriety hes always posting on facebook about it. I just cant do that. I even said that I avoid a lot of the friends I havent seen in a while because I dont feel ready. I feel almost inadequate in a way like I want them to see me and go "Wow! WTBM Got sober and he looks amazing! He got in great shape did all these things blah blah blah!" I dont want to show up and be a pudgy shy kid who doesnt drink anymore...Its probably not healthy but its honest.
Congrats!  Love this: time to go to bed sober! That's how I stay sober.
Thanks for all of your replies guys.  I appreciate it.  
Nice work and thanks for posting. Ahhhh waking up hangover-free...so beautiful joyous and liberating!
Congratulations bro keep up the clear head!
