-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28fku9/100_days_feels_good_man/

Hey well I missed my 100 days but whatever 103 is pretty cool. I felt amazing for the first 90 but I've still been in a funk for about two weeks now. It seems to have leveled out some I still struggle with my energy and motivation. It wasnt like this at all for the first 90. During that time I was always hustling working two jobs like a champ and I literally had to stop myself from working out to give myself a rest day when I needed. Sitting around was awful even "lazy" days off became super packed with mountain biking errands helping my family. Its like my balloon got deflated. I'm worried about losing a step at the gym because other then a few bike rides I have completely lost the energy to hit the weights (lose them gainz). But otherwise I'm getting by. My resolve to not drink is still very strong and I am confident this will pass (hopefully sooner rather then later). Also I have noticed my eyes have lost a little life in them. It ALMOST looks like I did back when I drank just tired kinda red and saggy. I dont know if thats simply just a result of me feeling kinda tired all the time or something else...But in other news I have to go on a bachelor camping trip this weekend. The guy getting married was sort of a drinking buddy. We used to disc golf together all the time in college and we ALWAYS stopped for booze. I'm not nervous or anxious about the drinking that will go on. Really what I'm more worried about is the fact that I seem to have lost my mojo in the last two weeks and I'm worried I'll come off as a weirdo to the guys there that I dont know. Or even my friends I do know will think I'm boring now. If they saw me in my first 90 I would have had all the confidence to be the life of the party engaged funny witty and totally "with it". But I even noticed during a conversation with my bro-in-law today that my speech is a lot more hesitant and awkward very similar to when I was drinking (in the morning when I could barely formulate a sentence). Already in the facebook group guys are talking about booze and food (hand in hand). So I'm confidant that I will not be tempted to drink but just wonder about my confidence level and overall enjoyment from the trip...So a lot of up and downs over the last six months. Mostly up though which is where I am choosing to focus on rather then this brief stint of depression or whatever you wanna call it...Sorry for the rant. You guys are amazing! Keep it up!
----------immediate responses--------

Hmmm..maybe you're experiencing this PAWS phenomenon I keep hearing about?
Good job on triple digits!
Hey happy 104 days!  
It's very possible that your symptoms in the first paragraph have nothing to do with alcohol/quitting alcohol. Have you ever heard of the concepts "periodization" and "deloading"? Been a while since my Exercise Science days but it's very possible that you are overtrained/underested/undereating. This can lead to restlessness chronic fatigue lethargy and aches and pains. ..For clients we would normally recommend a deload week. Limit yourself to light cardio and if you NEED to lift stick around 40% of your 1RM. Make sure to eat enough to support your lifestyle. If you are a fitness buff look into concepts of supercompensation as well as G-Flux. ..Just my 2 cents!
