-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28ik2d/my_hardest_battle_yet_and_relapsed_thoughts_and/

5 years binge drinking starting at age 17. Been trying to officially quit for 2 months now after experiencing a horrendous withdrawal including a week long panic attack all alone with no medical help (would have jeopardized my military career). It took a toll on me psychologically because even after the physical withdrawal was gone i experienced prolonged anxiety depression and fear of permanent damage i caused myself. I relapsed 4 different times and even though the relapse's were generally a modest 6 pack and not longer than 1 night at a time; my anxiety and depression would return full force the next day lasting for days at a time.  So my last run at sobriety was 23 days roughly.. I was feeling normal for the most part being sober and figured that my brain had healed from it all.   Thinking i could moderately drink and it would'nt cause me anymore issues. The truth is that i can moderately drink and control myself the lie is that ill be okay. I've literally traumatized myself out of being able to drink because of the anxiety and depression it causes me after. Ide rather stay sober and feel relatively normal/numb than experiencing the extreme low it brings. I hope ill be able to be happy again someday sober and put this whole experience behind me...*Moral: seek medical attention at all costs when experiencing withdrawal do not look for information with your medical problems online.*
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your post what are you doing for your sobriety other than just not drinking? ..I appreciate the moral of your story and agree as a healthcare professional that seeking medical attention is wise. I am impressed with everyone here that has a fairly long history with addiction and with detox I haven't seen any advise I consider harmful in any way it gives me great comfort to know people can come here and get medically sound advice. Those of us with a long history know full well how horrible detox can be how risky it is depending on your drinking habits before and with mitigating health factors that one might have. I am seriously really impressed with the wealth of knowledge here. I believe the comment reply that I got the most up votes was telling someone to get to a Dr. and to do it post haste. ..Occupationally the thing that worries me the most is that there will be a continuity of care when someone leaves my care it was especially worrisome when I worked for the DOD and had patients being shipped all over the world a week after eye surgery that included an implantable device. I digress.....
When I was younger I was the "no hangover guy!" I could go out all night and be perfectly fine the next day...As I got older the headaches started. Who cares? I'll just pop an Advil. Good to go! Let's hit the bar...Then I got even older and that's when the anxiety and depression started. In my opinion people have never had a hangover until they feel the crushing anxiety and deep depression that comes the next few days. Like you I started to realize that it doesn't matter how "buzzed" I feel the night before or how much fun I think I'm having getting drunk is NOT worth that week after of emotional torment...A recent study suggested that 29 years old is when hangovers hit their peak. I'm happy that you and I won't have to experience that! 
Thanks for updating us /u/mergerr!  Good luck on getting solidly back on the beam.
