-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28k4vi/400_dollars_and_some_cat_poop/

Gunther my sick cat has been eating drinking peeing and (finally) POOPING. I have never been so pleased to find a cat turd. And that means I can let me other cat out of my room. I had to separate the two so I could see who was pooping. I switched off which one had to be cooped up. But now they're both running free. I'm still concerned but cautiously optimistic about gunther's condition. I spent so much money at the vet (flea meds knock out flea spray for the house a dewormer fluids vet charges x ray blood work). I wouldn't have had that money if I were still drinking. Back during my heaviest drinking I was spending about 400 dollars a month on alcohol and bar tabs. So the least I can do for my little dude is make sure he's healthy.  Not to say that that wasn't a blow to my bank account. But POOP. Yay for a cat who is producing all of the correct bodily outputs. He hasn't vomited in over 48 hours and he's knocking stuff off tables.....Just thought I'd give the update. Also if you're struggling to find positives in abstaining from alcohol (or would just like to add one more) having more money in your rainy day fund for unanticipated expenses such as this one can be a life saver.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your cat poop.  Seriously though this was a big problem when I was drinking; I wasn't really present for dealing with emergencies; my wife says she felt like my babysitter.  Looking back it is horrible to think I was so unreliable.  My cat died when I was at my worst and I still think about how I might have missed signs of illness that could have been treated.  We can't let the past eat away at us but we can be present and accountable in the present.  Good Job!
Thanks for the straight poop on Gunther!
Yay! I'm happy your cat is feeling better. It's so stressful when they get sick and you just have to wait to see if the vet helped. 
Yay! Good news for thr little guy :)
That sucks. I have a dying cat as well. Tupaca is almost 19 yrs old. She pretty much stopped eating but not entirely. I got some antibiotics for her which do help but now one of her eyes is getting infected for some reason. I got some drops for the eye too. It adds up but I know she's dying. To be honest I don't know ho she has held on this long. She's not in pain (I don't think) but it sucks to see her slow down like this. I don't want to euthanize her she's still hanging on. This really sucks.
