-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28l5ie/a_great_night_out_without_booze/

Last night was the final poetry reading of our tour -- the hometown show if you will.  My friend always gets a bunch of beer for the readings he hosts but I was armed with my kombucha and my best friend/support buddy.  She asked me before we got there if it would be okay with me if she drank a little bit after the reading.  I told her that it was okay and that I appreciated her asking.  I think just the fact that she said it in such a way that made it clear that my sobriety was important to her made it okay...It was kind of challenging still.  After the reading we went out to a bar/restaurant where I was the only person who didn't order alcohol.  I got a root beer and a bunch of food to share with the table.  I was really tempted but I checked in with my friend and she kept me straight.  It probably helped that another friend got WAY too drunk and was acting a bit foolish.  Anyway everyone at the table was encouraging about my staying sober no one got visibly drunk (except that one guy) and I felt really comfortable talking openly about it which was great and surprising...After the restaurant we shook off the guy who was wasted and awkwardly hitting on all of the women in the group and went to my apartment.  I made everyone herbal tea and we sat around listening to music and talking until two in the morning!  It felt so good.  ..One thing I feel the need to own up about: while I was on tour I ate part of a weed chocolate on two occasions and last night I smoked a bowl with everyone after we got back to my apartment.  I was kind of fixated on the idea of smoking because I had a little bit left from my last relapse and I had decided while touring that I would allow myself edibles "on special occasions."  Obviously that allowance is starting to stretch to a loophole and I probably need to shut it down.  Any advice/validation would be much appreciated.  My relationship with marijuana is a separate from but connected to my relationship with alcohol.  Weed was the first drug I got addicted to and then when I graduated high school/started college I decided to start drinking instead because I thought it made me less socially awkward.  So I totally replaced one with the other.  Since then I've struggled with both.  I've also been addicted to cigarettes since middle school but at this point I only get cravings when I'm feeling the effects of another substance (alcohol or weed).  Does anyone here have experience with quitting multiple substances at once?  Is there something I could be doing to make it easier?  It felt so good to hang out with new & old friends last night to be there as a sober person/recovering alcoholic and to feel accepted and supported.  But I don't want the pursuit of that feeling to put my sobriety in jeopardy.
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I wouldn't quit 2 substances at a time it's taken me 10 years to get past 90 days for booze I'm not making it any harder than it already was for me. I fail to see the benefit of making this harder. My reaction when someone tells me "I quit this and this and this all at once" my reaction is "why would you do that?" If you can do it and you want to go for it for me? Nope...I do not smoke weed now (I am 6.5 months pregnant) but I am not addicted to it and it is the only thing that helps with a chronic inner ear disease and I have no intention of giving it up. I very well notice the difference in myself when I am addicted to something and when I am not. Sex drugs gambling food I am not addicted to booze....big problem...
I don't know but there is research that indicates that it is significantly more difficult to quit two or more substances at the same time...[Summary source](http://www.apa.org/helpcenter/willpower-limited-resource.pdf)..Congratulations!  It sounds like you had a fun night :)
Look /u/troublingdevelopment give it some time.  Keep adding days sober and I guarantee you that in awhile you will be able to deal with the other substances.  Remember the road gets narrower in early sobriety but there is leeway to allow you to take care of first things first.
Harm Reduction...It seems like you already know the answer to the drugs. 
