-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28neyq/36_days_an_apology_and_a_victory/

Okay so I made a pretty fucked up post last week about how I was teetering on a relapse.  I took it down because I don't think it was constructive and I don't think it was something that anyone struggling with sobriety needed to be reading.  And I also want to apologize to anyone who read it and felt like it was a fucked up thing to be posting.  I said some dangerous stuff--the kind of stuff that might make someone newly on the wagon think about falling off--and I'm sorry...So with that out of the way I did want to post something that I'm really proud of.  I grew up in the DC area and I have tons of bad experiences and memories in that place that all revolve around drinking.  I seriously hate the place and I hate that whenever I go back there it has traditionally felt like I have no defenses and that I am going to end up on a 3-day blackout bender (because well that's usually what happens).  Anyway I was up in that area this past week for work and...I didn't drink.  Didn't touch a drop.  This is only the second time ever that I can claim such a victory--the first happened when I was smack in the middle of my previous stretch of sobriety.  It feels good.  I feel good...Anyway thanks everyone for listening.  36 days in and looking forward to living sober.  Only two more weeks and I'm halfway to triple digits! :)
----------immediate responses--------

Good work here /u/nostriano--I made significant sober progress when I overcame the feeling that my ego was dented and I kept coming back. 
Good job on your DC trip. I used to live there as I was reading your post I was thinking about RFD Fados and Clyde's in Chinatown Whitlows in Clarendon Shelly's Tavern on 11th and F I think Tortoise and the Hare in Crystal City Sine in Pentagon City.....ah good times. I was on a Tulane alumni trivia team we went from bar to bar to bar I haven't been back since I've been sober....that's probably a good thing. 
Sounds like your brain is starting to figure out some new pathways. Good on you. I'm curious whether you feel like you've dealt with that demon and future trips to DC won't be such a big deal for you. ..I didn't see your previous post. But people do post here when they're having a rough time including feeling in danger of relapsing. That's just part of what we deal with and I think you'll find good support here times like those. The sub requests only that you post when sober and the normal rules of civility apply. 
Congrats on your victory.  Recovery is a rollercoaster!  Ups and downs no need to apologise (to me anyhow).  Keep your self accountable and you will do great.  Well done.  
