-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28ntyf/first_aa_meeting_in_over_a_year_and_a_half/

Hey everyone ..I've really been struggling lately. I haven't had a drink since October 4 2012 but I don't know if I can claim total sobriety any more. ..I've had a handful of incidents with pills since then and a bit of pot here and there but it never felt right doing that stuff and I think it's time to come clean. I have been a madman lately since about February to be exact. I've had some big shakeups with work and stuff and as everything falls back into place I cant help but feeling like the rug will be pulled out from under me at any moment again so I got really high the other night scared the shit out of myself. I think I had hit another bottom. I have once again pushed my friends out of my life. Retreated into myself. I got all those old feelings of hate and resentment back. ..I don't want them any more. I'm scared shitless that the bad stuff is going to come again. I went to an AA meeting last night didn't say a word to anyone but listened. This morning I felt great. I'll be going again tonight...
----------immediate responses--------

Keep coming back
Bravo!
Sweet it is amazing how comforting it is after a long hiatus. Welcome home!
Yeah this post made me smile.  Sometimes I sit in my regular AA meetings astounded at how smart my fellow AAs even the new guy sound when they comment.  I'm so happy to be sober.
A year and a half? The shelf life on my sobriety is about 7 days. I get squirrely after a week without a meeting. ..Welcome back.   
One of the guys that comes to our AA group is in treatment because of abuse of pills (not sure what kind).  Way back in the day he had a problem with alcohol but his addiction has transferred to prescription pills for which he's not getting help...Congrats on noticing the problem and doing what you need to do to address it.
Proud of you - I've never regretted going to a meeting.  That first one after a long absence takes a little more effort in my experience.
Congratulations!  Do you feel like you are trading one addiction for another?..My counselor told me she's seen alcoholics get addicted to some pretty crazy things after they quit drinking...
