-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28o4qa/in_the_realm_of_hungry_ghosts_day_6/

I'm on day 6 after a big relapse last Friday (a big whiny post about said relapse can be found in my submission history)...This week I've been reading a book called In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts by a famous Canadian doctor specializing in addictions. There is a lot of interesting information about the origin and process of addiction but what really stuck out for me was a section about recovery. Specifically it talks about addicts using their substance or behaviour of choice to seek relief from distress. In my case these things are alcohol gambling and tobacco..Not sure why that one point has stuck with me but it's really helping me stay off of cigarettes this week as well as booze and gambling. No matter what is bothering me (and there's a lot that is right now - depression financial troubles health problems for my wife) seeking relief from substances or whatever it is will not help the underlying problem. Facing up to my problems sober is the only true way out...I suppose in retrospect it's a pretty obvious point but it's been one that has helped me to understand what it is that's driving me to smoke or drink or gamble and is forcing me to be more mindful of my own emotional responses...Rambling aside I think it's a worthwhile read for anyone who has trouble with addictive behaviour. ..Hope you all have a sober weekend!
----------immediate responses--------

Have a great weekend /u/dry_cycle! 
I have figured out that for me at least drinking is a lot like a small child sucking his thumb.  Babies do this to soothe themselves and to relieve stress.  I realized that I have a set of behaviors (drinking reddit and shopping are mine) that I do in order to calm myself down and avoid thinking about troubles.  ..I am not drinking any longer and I have found that my other behaviors are diminishing also.  Now that I recognize them for what they are I have begun examining what is going on in my life that leads me to need soothing.   It's helping  a lot...Thanks for posting this insight.
Thanks for the book rec -- sounds cool.
