-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28s252/working_in_the_restaurant_industry/

Any advice for late night cooks? I've been trying for a while now  but poor management makes it tough. They drink on the job (large corporation never notice unless caught by bosses then and there) and also do cocaine (not my thing) mdma and adderall. Looking at a new job but since I don't do drugs with them im always under the stress of being fired or poor reference (3.5 years) ..Just moved to a new city  at a new job where I need to move up to something more in my field. Shit sucks. Relapsed after 4 days and need advice.  Im also trying to go back to school to get away from the industry.  So /r/stopdrinking what are your thoughts?  Ive tried coolcrosbys rituals sans aa meetings (looking into those)but after a stressful night  what do you do?..I have the tools 2 dogs park across the street  well fit (6 foot 150 lbs) I do smoke but one step at a time...The new job is great weird al came in last night  derek Jeter a few weeks ago etc...  But what would you do? ..Religion is out there not my thing (too much lsd and shit) to come down from my pink cloud (which I finally understand). Dont take any pity never enjoyed it.  ..So I only ask this those that have been here any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry the last experience I had in the restaurant industry was YEARS ago but I do know that partying was a big part of it. Back then I didn't partake with them because I hadn't hit my stride as an alcoholic. Just saying no worked for me back then though. ..My advice would be if the tools you have in your toolbox now aren't working then it's time to add to the collection. AA SMART LifeRing all are support groups that can help you learn more coping skills. Work on getting yourself into school to give yourself an additional goal to work towards. Sober studying ftw! If you need someone to talk to after work you can always hit up the IRC chat room in the sidebar. ..Just keep moving forward my friend. Don't let this thing take you like it has taken millions of others. Don't give up.
I'd be at the local AA meetings building a sober network of peers and pals.  I doubt that you'd be at all surprised at all the industry people in meetings either by choice or on paper.
You can stay sober in the restaurant industry. I am living proof. ..After a big night I tend to go home eat hit the gym go for a walk have a bath play with my bunny talk about the stresses with someone...If I were you? I'd get sober go to AA go to therapy and get some time under my belt...The restaurant industry might be especially known for its drug and drink habits but it's not the only one. When we look for people who are doing drugs and alcohol we'll find them. That short order cook who does his job doesn't partake and leaves quietly after his shift? Ever notice that guy? No we notice the head chef doing lines in the bathroom and sneaking vodka.
In the kitchen you've got a wide range of tools for a wide range of dishes. For me recovery is much the same way; take an inventory of what recovery tools you are using strengths weaknesses and don't be afraid to have redundant measures...Here's where it gets difficult: you might die.  As much as I wanted to die towards the end of my drinking career deep down I didn't really want to.  When faced with your own death would you give 100% to recovery?  What if it means becoming a different person?
I downloaded Allen Carr's book linked on the sidebar and found that to be a good tool to change the way I was thinking about alcohol. Maybe it will help you too. .
