-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28smo0/good_morning_soberites/

Day two. Constant relapsing. So here's what I'm going to do...I'm finding this 'life of sobriety' concept too challenging right now. And one day at a time isn't working. I tend to work better with smaller goals. So I'm going to set a two-week booze free goal. Obviously I intend to reestablish another goal at the end but this is easier on me...I've don't everything I've set my mind to in my life. From jobs to projects to weight loss and more. I trained for 5k this year and and ran it in 35 minutes last week just because. I'm awesome and I can do anything I want. I need to stop looking at myself like this broken person. This is no different than cutting out awful food or quitting smoking. I've done both with ease. This is just another bad habit I have to kick. Just another thing to conquor when figuring out my own life. I'm 25. I got this.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello eliorah! ..You can do it! If need be break it down by hour--I won't drink for the next hour and then repeat. ..Hope to see you around here!
[deleted]
I could never stay sober for two weeks.   I'm just going to stay sober today. 
Welcome back /u/eliorah -- I'm a little baffled by your post.  I'm pretty sure we encouraged you to approach this by focusing on one day at a time not two weeks at a time not a life of sobriety.  Get through this day sober win.  Get through tomorrow sober win. And so on.  For me at least this all worked best when I focused on one day at a time. 
&gt; I'm 25. I got this...Yeah you do!  I believe you.  Fuck alcohol.
You sound like me a few years ago when I tried to get sober on my own. I lasted 3 weeks and relapsed so hard I almost killed myself...I let the drink build up in me. I wasn't getting any help so the urge just rose and rose and rose and rose until it exploded. It felt like I had starved myself for three weeks and then finally allowed myself to eat...For me there has to be a release mechanism in place so those urges and feelings don't build up. What's your plan? What are you going to do when life gets in the way? If something comes up and you don't know how to deal? How has your support system helped you so far? ..These are all serious questions to ask yourself if you really want to stay sober.
