-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28szgh/new_here_today_is_day_4_for_me_it_get_easier_right/

Hi everyone! I've been a lurker for quite sometime and have started yet another round of not drinking after falling off the wagon more times than I can count. I don't really drink a lot in any given day but I do (or was) drinking everyday for years. I'd finish off at least a bottle of wine by myself maybe more. Its taken a toll on my mind and my body and I'm tired of the pain its put me through and the affects its had on my life...I have been doing ok so far just reading posts and trying to stay focused but events in the last few days have been really trying for me and I need a place to vent. I hope its ok to do so here. I am not really looking for relationship advice but more to get some things off my chest that are starting to weigh heavy on me. This all starts a couple of days ago on day 2 of my most recent attempt at sobriety...I woke up in a good mood the first time sober in weeks and headed out to work. I work a very early shift on Fridays. I was in a good mood a mixture of excitement and nerves because after my shift I had an appointment to get my very first tattoo. Its something that I had been wanting for some time and holds a lot of deep personal meaning to me. After work I grab a quick bite with a friend and we headed over to her (and now my) favorite tattoo shop. I went over the design and we got to work. Part of why I bring this up is because I thought I would have a panic attack and leave the shop and chicken out. Instead of was calm and sat through the entire tattoo without needing any breaks. It wasn't a huge tattoo took about an hour to finish. Its beautiful and very well done and I'm happy with it...I can't wait to show my friends and my long term boyfriend. I go to the store and get stuff to make him his favorite dish so I can have a nice meal ready for him when he gets off of his very stressful job that I know he hates. When he gets in the door I can tell something is wrong. I ask him how his day is and he mumbles "fine" to me. He barely acknowledges me and I ask him if work was bad. He just mumbles "yeah" and tells me that he's going to go get vodka. I remind him that I won't be drinking with him and he tells me its fine. Ok.......So I give him a twenty and he goes off to the liquor store. I know I can't control his own drinking and unlike me he doesn't have a drinking problem. He can have one drink and be done for the night. I know he's had a stressful day and I just let it go...When he gets back he's still mopey so I press him on what's wrong. Finally he tells me that its my tattoo that's a problem. That he can't believe I got it and that I spent money on it. We had discussed it the night before and he hadn't said much to me about any of this though I know money is a constant worry for him. This devolves into him telling me I'm a selfish asshole who doesn't contribute to any of our expenses (which is just outright not true). I try not so calmly to explain to him that I understand. That a big factor to me quitting drinking is because I know the financial burden it puts on us. And yet here he is drinking when he knows how hard it is for me. He tells me that it doesn't matter that my drinking doesn't make a difference. That its my spending money on myself all the time that causes problems. Aside from the tat the only money I have spent on myself in the last 4 months is 2 pairs of work pants. ..As an aside this isn't the first time I've quit only to have him derail me by bringing home alcohol or inviting me out to a bar. The bar incident is a whole different story and this one is long as it is...SO I make him dinner and we eat and he's all baby's and pleases but no apology. He's still drinking and I'm just trying to ignore it. We spend most of the rest of the night not speaking to each other until its time for me to go to bed. At this point I'm so angry and hurt by his actions that I grab my pillow and blanket and sleep on the couch. When he finally goes to bed drunk an hour later he sees me and starts in on me again. he keeps saying mean and hurtful things while I lie there until finally I get up and go to our office. I lock the door behind me and this just makes him angrier. I won't go into all the details but it ended up being a 2 hour fight that made it seem like it was over for us...Eventually we go to bed in the same bed cause he has an early morning and I'm not going to be so selfish which he claims I am in buckets as to keep the only blanket we have. A good friend of me calls me a little later around 3am in hysterics because she is having a panic attack (we both have panic disorders so I know how to react). Eventually I talk her down and she's ok. I go to bed around 4...The next day I have a wedding to be at so I sleep as best I can and then get ready. I don't see my BF for more than 20 minutes before I have to leave but we try to be pleasant with each other and I apologize for being mean and saying hurtful things the night before. He does the same...The wedding was horrible. That side of my family barely acknowledges me. I am so different from them that its hard to relate to them at all. I get shut out of most of the conversation even by my mother and step sisters. Even my half sister to whom I have always been close shuts me out. She brought her posse of friends and pretends like shes too good for me. Its obvious from the way my mother step father and sisters talk that they spend time together often and that I am not invited. My mother doesn't even bother to tell me that my grandmother who was quite ill is doing better and should be out of hospice care soon. Shit she didn't even tell me when she had a stroke. I found out about that 3 days after is happened from an outside family member...I give my sister her souvier (I had gone on a short vacation with friends a month back) and she doesn't even say thank you. She just looks at and is says "uhhhhh what is this? Ok...." and shoves it in her purse. At this point I just leave. Everyone else is drinking and giving me shit about not drinking. I wouldn't be surprised if my sister was mad at me because I wasn't going to t get wasted with her. Everyone else is also eating but there is nothing that I can eat. My family are a bunch of Texas rednecks who are all about booze beer and beef I am a vegetarian. I think that gives you an idea of how out of place I am there...On the way home I call my BF and am almost in tears about the way everyone especially my sister whom I would do anything for treated me. I tell him how badly I want a drinking and how much this sucks. ..When I get home he tells me that his BFF is on the way which is fine he's my friend too. He comes over and brings liquor too. BF tells me he's not going to drink and then the BFF pours him a shot. I ignore it and we hang out for a while. BFF keeps telling him to make more drinks and finally after already smoking he makes some. At this point I just leave and play video games on the computer until he leaves. Then I take a xanax and go to bed. When My BF tries I appoligize I just look at him and tell him not to bother and slam the door in his face. I spend the next hour alone in bed crying until the xanax kicks in and I fall into a restless sleep. ..This morning I feel a little better. I'm still hurt and not speaking to my BF but I got up early enough to go grocery shopping and beat the Sunday crowds. I even get home before he's out of bed...**TL;DRI'm trying my best to stop drinking but my live in boyfriend keeps drinking around me. I am struggling to cope with the angry feelings I have about the whole situation on top of all the other problems I have including ones not written here. The first 3 days have been some of the shittiest days I've had in a while with or without alcohol. I guess I just need some reassurance that things might get better at least in some way.**..
----------immediate responses--------

I think one of the many reasons the first few weeks is so difficult is that you are actively *abstaining*.  You are thinking drinking &amp; you are thinking about not drinking you have probably used alcohol to escape emotions anxiety etc. and removing the alcohol doesn't necessarily remove any of that.  As time goes on you actively address many of those emotions and circumstances; you learn coping skills.
Sigh....that was a rough day! To answer your title question yes it does get better if it didn't this sub would be a cricket symphony. When? That is where it get tricky the physical withdrawal is typically over by day 3 or 4 this of course is different for everyone and takes into account consumption levels before detox. Craving improvement takes into account many different factors do you have support? Are you a bar tender? Are you going to AA or SMART? Is there still booze in your house? What is your relationship if you are in one like? Did you see a doctor before abstaining? ..Early sobriety has a lot of high peaks and low valleys. Typically here I see that after the first 4 days things get much easier then it seems between 12-16 days it gets really rough again then at 30 then 60 less and less each time but still noticeable usually by day 90 the terrain mellows out. Those observations are for the individual who does have support  both at home and/or at meetings doesn't keep alcohol in the house doesn't participate in social gatherings where booze is free flowing at least for the first month. It's possible to get and stay sober without all those mitigating factors but it is significantly more difficult. ..I'm sure you have surmised at this point that your SO is making things pretty difficult. Maybe not today but soon you are going to have to really assess what it's going to take to keep sober some things you need to add to your recovery and some things have to go or you know you won't stand a chance. Boils down to how badly you want a life of sobriety and what you are willing to do to achieve that. You may suggest to him to attend ALANON to learn how to better support your efforts. If he isn't will to do that it speaks volumes about where you stand.
Welcome /u/POCKET_MUFFIN to r/stopdrinking--since you are coming out of lurkerdom I will spare you my standard greeting and I will assume you have seen it.  You seem to be somewhat caught up in some distractions about unjust or not very thoughtful behavior by your BF and family.  Here's my thought--let go of all this and simply focus on the sober 24 hours ahead.  You will be amazed at how your consistent sober daily actions will change everything.  
Hello and welcome. You have a lot to cope with as you move into sobriety. It is hard enough but with someone sabotaging my efforts I would be disheartened. I had no alcohol in my home which helped a great deal. You need support. I found it by going to AA meetings. Forget about trying to motivate your boyfriend for Alanon or anything else for that matter. Focus on the present moment. Stay sober today. Go to an AA meeting. You can do it!
That's a rough start but you made it thru without drinking.  That says a lot about your strength plus the fact you can work thru stress without drinking.  I've met people that stayed sober even thru family deaths and suicides which gives me hope for my own problems...Personally I'd find some stuff to do away from home.  Of course AA or SMART are recommended for support but whatever healthy stuff you can do should help.  I routinely go somewhere just to read and maybe have a coffee or ice tea.  This gets me out of the house and a break from any tension.  ..congrats on 4!
