-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28tdih/campinggreat_sober_activity/

For several years I have been very involved with both my sons who are scouts.  This weekend was the first weekend since I've been sober that I've attended on a campout.  When I was still drinking I never drank at any scouting events but always felt "on edge" like I needed a drink to relax and calm my nerves.  I would get so stressed out about everything.  Since I have quit drinking my stress level has diminished and my anxiety is at an all time low.  ..This past weekend was an incredible weekend in that I am so less stressed.  Just being around the boys and other non drinking adults was so refreshing and relaxing.  Being outside in nature in the woods near lakes rivers calms me and makes me forget my struggles with alcohol.  I am grateful for all the opportunities that scouting offers my family because we are all enjoying activities and nature alcohol free.  ..My entire family drinks (except me now) and normally there is always alcohol present during whatever activity we do.  They have grown up being around it and I worry that someday they will feel that alcohol has to be a part of everything they do.  Hopefully my involvement in scouting can only continue to strengthen my sobriety and help them understand that life is more fun (and less painful) without using/abusing alcohol and the beauty of this world family and friendships can be more fully appreciated.   
----------immediate responses--------

You can't spell scouting without outing ;)  It's a great program to be involved in even for us old fogies.
Great post and a reminder that sobriety doesn't have to be boring.
What an amazing experience for both you and your sons. While I was drinking it felt like EVERYBODY drinks and EVERY activity involves drinking. It's only in the last couple months that I've accepted the fact that I was simply self-selecting heavy drinkers to be around and drinking activities to engage in. It's nice to be reminded that there are entire swaths of people who don't drink all that much or at all or who can engage in activities like a weekend-long camping trip without a single drop of booze. I find this really motivating. Thanks for sharing!
