-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28uc31/recently_stopped_drinking_need_advice_for/

My main struggle has been finding things to do at night. it is easy to stay occupied during the day with sports school and other things but once the weekend comes around and the nightlife is abundant; it is hard to stay away from the bars and the fun and lively atmosphere. Are there places to go/things to do that people suggest?.on a related note it is also difficult to meet girls. Suggestions in this department would also be appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

I went to a bar last Saturday and only sucked down waters. It's possible but I wouldn't tempt it. Do you feel you need alcohol to have a good time and meet and talk to girls? What was your drinking like?
Friday night magic!!!! Its a fun way to make friends. Get registered and get a ranking. Its a great hobby. ..AA meetings.  It's a good way to be around like minded people...Volunteer during your off days you'll meet nice people and be dead by night time...Join a running club :D. I love running now :) it's the greatest.
This may be an unpopular post but this is really not a good time to worry about meeting girls.  Meeting sober people in general yes...check out an AA meeting or SMART meeting in your area for other people who have been through what you are going through but if you are new to recovery you are pretty darn fragile in your sobriety to be looking for a relationship.  Just my opinion.  Hang in there. 
I still go out to bars but I DD for my friends.most people can appreciate that and i know I'm keeping them safe and saving money. Generally all the bars we go to are packed so drinking really isn't an issue since getting one is hard.The issue is dealing with all the drunk assholes. The struggle is real for young adults who don't drink. ..Also talking to girls is much easier..no one wants some drunk asshole slurring pick up lines at them. ..So yes still go out with friends. Ppl will appreciate a DD and you can still talk to girls. You don't need booze to aid you. Being sober rocks since you can much more easily figure out if the girl is worth your time or not... vs the booze telling you she's 10/10 qt
