-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28yqyc/another_i_survived_the_weekendwedding_sober_post/

Thanks to /u/fastcatazule and /u/sunjim for advice last week. I got to put some of it into practice over the past week. ..Recently I've been struggling with surges of anger and frustration. This trip involved flying--always stressful for me and not made easier by shepherding my young kids through all the lines and different rules. I got lots of practice with breathing techniques relaxation and mantras...Booze at the wedding surprised me. The bride's extended family is LDS but the couple clearly weren't. The only people who noticed I was drinking Martinellis and not champagne were the little old ladies sitting next to the bottles compiling the list to give to the bishop. I indulged the former booze snob and was not remotely temped by the cheap bubbly or 3.2 Bud Light. I also proved to myself that I can still be the fun uncle who plays with the kids even when I'm sober. I successfully got grass stains all over my wedding clothes...The visit I was really worried about was with good friends who are excellent home brewers. Turns out the beer was aggravating their asthma so they no longer brew. We drank plenty of fancy sodas and mocktails late into the night. ..I got off easy. I was quite worried about the trip in advance. Everything went well and I feel like I handled myself well. I've got another longer trip to a bigger boozier wedding at the end of the summer. I hope that I'll be better practiced prepared and it goes smoothly as well.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you!  Hang onto this recollection it will make future events so much easier.
I am so glad you were able to be the fun uncle!  Kids love it but so often it's a drunk guy playing with them...I remember from my own childhood.  Drunk uncles are unpredictable...Good for you for being prepared and having a good time!
Congrats! ..As I've said in previous posts weddings always make me nervous (as they should) but I always end up being OK and having a great time without booze. You just have to be prepared... have some people there that know you're not drinking to hold yourself accountable and be vigilant going into it that you're not going to drink.
