-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/28zgq1/im_back_and_this_time_it_is_for_good/

Some of you may have been here when I initially joined this sub and began my journey with sobriety. Since that initial  quit' I have had several relapses. I am ready for my drinking to be done and I look forward to learning with and from everyone else here through our journeys through sobriety...I cannot drink like others and am sick of trying to  fake it til I make it'.. .Some of my old rules that I will be applying are as follows:..I will be on this sub daily...I will have a thought out gameplan whenever I'm out and about and may encounter alcohol in regards to what I will say and when I will leave if I cannot overcome  the voice' in my head...I will always have something in my hands (Soda Juice Water) when around alcohol to keep my hand occupied...Again I'm ready and I'm looking forward to fixing myself and helping others where I can. ..Stay Strong and Stay Sober!.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back /u/BluePatriot -- I have very positive recollections of your past contributions on the Sub.  I'm really looking forward to your future participation.  
Hey!! Great to see you back!
Hey BP!  I was just thinking about you a few days ago.  I figured you'd be back when you were ready again so glad to see you are.  Welcome back!  So here's my take:  You said some of your "old rules" you will be applying and they are a great bunch of rules for sure but what makes you think they will work this time around if they didn't work last time?  ..&gt;Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. ..Why not try to add some things to your repertoire?  Have you tried reading any of the SMART Materials?  Going to a meeting? Something else that you can think of?..Stay Strong and Stay Sober backatcha my friend!
Glad you made it back BluePatriot. Some don't you know. I hope you find the support you need and deserve.
Going to meetings is not on the list.  Maybe it should be?
Hey my man!  I was just thinking I hadn't seen you post for a while.  We haven't conversed a lot but you commented on one of my posts a month or two ago.  At that time we had the same quit date.  Like you I had a handful of relapses but I'm hoping it sticks this time for me...I'm hoping it sticks for you too.  You can do this!  What's worked for me is that I had to find some coping strategies to fight urges.  This [webpage](http://rethinkingdrinking.niaaa.nih.gov/toolsresources/copingwithurgestodrink.asp) helped some posting here when I was fight a wicked urge on day three helped a ton (saved me from a relapse) and SD chat has been helpful too to fight urges...You've got this.
