-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2914x2/sobriety_young_meeting_women_questions/

This turned out longer than I expected but I think I covered some ground...I'm 25m and 1 1/2 year sober/clean. I recently left a girl I was with for some time (both before & after getting sober) and would soon like to meet some healthy girls my age. I broke up with her for reasons which will ultimately prove worthwhile however in the meantime the emotions the breakup is bringing out aren't exactly fun to be experiencing. I know in time they will dissipate. ..So my concern is with dating and meeting other girls now that I'm sober & healthy...I don't know where to start. I certainly don't want to date any girls in AA. In fact I've only been to a few AA meetings in the last year one of which was a young people's meeting last friday. I felt I needed to be around people my age considering the recent break up. I mean no offense to the women there however I find the simple fact that they are in AA to be a red flag and one I would have a hard time overlooking...Which brings me to believe or assume that the majority of women I meet will also see my sobriety and past alcoholism as a red flag. Fine I can expect less long term prospects...Anyways when I was drinking I found that despite often repulsing women I would with equal measure attract my fair share. And save a few none of the girls I used to 'see' drank. I didn't date when I was drinking. I don't even know what dating entails. It just seems like I drank as a result I was social when I wanted to be and what naturally followed were...intimate encounters with women...Furthermore my recent ex stated explicitly that I was "more romantic" when I drank and she missed that. She's not the first to imply nor express a greater affinity for endearment with me while drinking. What I'm trying to say is I've had more than one girl say they like me better drunk...This has been my only hangup with sobriety now and myriad times before when I was struggling with trying to quit. Eventually it reached the point where I was steadily able to drink a fifth throughout the day and whatever I had at night without arousing the slightest suspicion in anyone until black-out time around 2AM. It was during this most productive drinking period that I also seemed to be most adept with women. While not proud of it there's a certain longing for that freedom I had and which I assume attracted the girls I was getting - that attitude which I cannot replicate sober. Hence the definition of 'sobriety'...It's been a while since I've even talked about my drinking so apologies this has gone all over the place. Essentially I've only met girls drinking hooked up with girls drinking gotten into relationships while drinking had relationships endure through drinking and sobriety and returns to drinking (more than one LTR) and I have no idea where to begin with women sober. It's not a confidence issue I have no problems with sex sober it's just that I don't know where to go to meet girls. ..I am in the gym 4-5x a week 7 AM (gained 45 pounds since getting sober!) lifting but that doesn't seem like the best place to meet women or anyone really we're all so focused on doing our own thing. I have no friends. I lost them all when I got sober and everyone I was in rehab with has relapsed. ..Already I've had potential dates bring up getting drinks and when I mention an alternative they've essentially gone cold...tl;dr: Don't know where to start with meeting girls sober. Don't know what to do once I meet them; i.e. dates[?] - what are these things!? 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Any ballroom dance studios around you? I used to teach and man... it may sound goofy but try a group class if you can should run you about 10 bucks or so. Alot of young successful chicks who are socially awkward go there to meet dudes. No joke...Just trying to help a brother out!!
I think it's wise to not look for dates in AA...&gt;What I'm trying to say is I've had more than one girl say they like me better drunk...Well you're not with those girls anymore so clearly it didn't work out with them. I wouldn't worry about what girls like that would say since you don't want to be with someone who is like that. There are plenty of decent people out there who wouldn't say such a thing to an alcoholic or even feel that way at all...I don't know anything about meeting girls (I'm a straight gal myself) but many of my friends have done the whole okcupid and tinder thing. It sounds kind of fun/funny :~)
What do you like to do?  There are lots of meetup groups for different activities. Here in Florida there are paddleboard kayak canoeing hiking groups. There are game nights volley ball nerds &amp; geeks movie lovers etc... Just about anything you might be interested in probably has a group and it will be centered around those activities and not alcohol. 
I have been married almost 37 years to two different but very fine women.  Drunk or sober married or single short fat and bald skinny short and bald young or grizzled--I have never had a problem attracting good looking women.  Well sometimes my wives have objected.  ..When I read these occasional posts on SD I am somewhat surprised because among my AA sponsorees I never hear this complaint.  Yeah I wouldn't advise using AA or recovery as a substitute for Match.com but sometimes true love and great relationships develop in the oddest and least ideal way.  Frankly I meet most of the women that -- if I were single I would pursue -- at Starbucks among the regulars who frequent during the commuter hours.  
Online dating. There are plenty of people out there who don't drink and don't want to go to bars to meet people. I had good luck with OKCupid. (Met my wife on that site.)..&gt;I find the simple fact that they are in AA to be a red flag and one I would have a hard time overlooking...This seems very hypocritical to be honest. I understand it I once felt the same way. "I don't want to date anyone as messed up as I am." Here's the thing though - people in AA are doing something about their problems. That makes them a little better than people who just ignore their problems in my opinion. I think it would be wise to re-examine this prejudice. 
Have you considered that you'll probably attract a different kind of woman sober than you did while abusing alcohol?   It sounds as though you are looking at this as a false dichotomy of drinking=attracting women and sober=lifelong celibacy. ..You weren't attracting women because you were drunk you were attracting them in spite of being drunk. ;)..
[deleted]
