-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/294010/i_hate_my_life/

  Im struggling everyday.  I am still drinking but for the first time I am looking at my reasons for doing so..the W's of it.  I'm 31 years old.  I spent my early 20s saying i had no intention of living past 30.  I turned 31 a couple weeks ago and i was both relieved and dissapointed.  .I really have to answer to noone as long as I limp along in business far below my abilities.  I'm extremely bored so I drink.  I've realized that I am bored because I have no real personal relationships.  Noone outside a couple cousins I dont get to see often really knows me.  I take no chances and the chances I do take involve me being quite drunk and I regret them and try to retract.  This is to the extreme.  I have become so paranoid by living within my own head.  I run scenarios and take the worst case scenario and then base my life on that.  A few weeks ago I was drinking and showed up at an employees house by invitation and ended up staying the night for a party.  I was too drunk to go home.  She hugged me when i showed up...her having had a few.  I felt a tremendous release and almost wanted to cry just from the human contact.  The event made me realize that It had in fact been many years since i had any affectionate human contact.  I do business give opinions.  All human beings desire sex but its not been part of my must have needs for many years.  Instead I drank.  I work in a family business and I tell myself I have a responsibility to my siblings and their children.  So I continue on because I dont want dissapoint them.  .I'm just venting.  I'm going to have to go to AA I think but my next reaction is...maybe theres cute girls there and that is no reason to go.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I spent my early 20s saying i had no intention of living past 30..I can really relate to this. I spent my teenage years convinced I had cancer and would never live to become an adult. Then I hit 20 and thought holy shit...I might have to do something.....If cute girls get you through the door to AA you might be disappointed once you get in there. But there are a lot of neat people there if you open your eyes and ears just a little bit.
Wow....I am really glad you posted. The fact that you reached out and are even considering AA is a very promising start. You are describing a really big life overhaul which is absolutely within your grasp. You certainly don't need me to tell you that it's not going to come neatly packaged and waiting on your porch when you get home. Starting here is a very wise move SD is stuffed with really smart compassionate people who want to help. I know I am not the only one for whom this is true but the reason I like to help anyone who wants it is that even if it boils down to helping one person spending one less day I the hell I was in....it's worth it...If you have willingness desire and honesty we can help you get where you want to be. Tell us how we can help you.
I know whatcha mean about the dead before 30 thing I felt the same way for a long time.  I figured it would be from one of the many close calls I had from stupid choices.  I consider it all borrowed time...You listed some good reasons to quit reasons important to you...AA is a good choice. One of the reasons I like it are the interactions with people.  You might not find a lover there but you should find love there.  They can be a very welcoming lot...One important thing about AA:  meetings vary a lot even week to week at the same location and time.  If it doesn't hit home on the first mtg try another.  ..Also I found my thoughts and moods improved greatly after I quit drinking.  That could happen to you as well which makes it all easier. Good luck I hope you choose to help yourself!
Yeah the fork comes out clean you're done...Isolation was a huge part of my alcoholism huge.  Alcohol increased that isolation - recovery ( in AA for me) has among other things been an extended course in socialization and I had to learn who I was first.....As for cute girls yes some but be careful most of them have as much baggage as you do...Final note it will get better faster and farther than you can believe and you will find boredom was actually just a lame excuse...
Thanks for reaching out here ManInCrowd. There's a lot of support here and a lot of us people trying to find our way back to being and feeling like human beings.  ..It's hard to do that when we're consistently pickled. You're 31. I'm over 50 so I've spent longer drinking than you've been alive. From my experience I learned that continuing to drink alcoholically will not solve any problems and prevented me from making any positive changes. ..So first things first. You don't have to find a way to like what's going on in your life today. That takes a while. You can move towards that though by taking a small step that keeps you from drinking today. Any small step that leads you to not drinking today. You mentioned going to AA--finding a meeting. That could be a good small step that you can do today. Or talking to a family member. Or looking up a counselor (that's what I did) and making a call. ..Any of these might seem hard. What do you think?
When I went my one and only AA meeting (maybe I should go again) they specifically us about hooking up with somebody else that is an alcoholic...It's a great idea to go and to see just **how many people** actually go to these things.  You might think you are alone but you're not.  I was overwhelmed when I went to see (in my group) that there was at least a hundred people.  I was overwhelmed with emotion to go from feeling alone to being in the company of people with the same problem as me...If you don't go to an AA meeting why don't you just go to bed tonight sober and wake up sober and think about all of the things that you are fully capable of doing now that you don't have a hang over?  
hey man hang in there thanks for dropping by...I'm new to this shit too so I have no advice just wanted to say welcome
[deleted]
Wow! Your story and mine are so similar. I too am 31 and was always able to coast through professionally with just enough effort to get by but not enough to actually succeed. I also isolated and pulled way from close relationships. I reflected constantly about how my drinking and other anti-social behavior made my prospects for what I saw as a happy life impossible. When I hadn't died by 31 I guess I figured it was time to shit or get off the pot and quit using that excuse for self destruction. ..I'm only 100 days in now and I am feeling much better. I don't over-analyze things and I am starting to have positive outlooks for my future although I try not to plan out what these may be. I just have a gut feeling things are on the way up. ..I am in AA and as others have said it starts with getting you out of your shell. I loved spending hours and days on end in my lair surrounded by beer cans where nobody could judge me and when I did socialize I relied on my intoxication to fuel the conversation. In the rooms of AA there is nothing but love and affection. It really does help me get through my day and I am always going back even when I am working a lazy program at home. If you are anything like me 12 steps will give you a chance at conquering your drinking problem and finding some semblance of serenity and piece of mind. ..However I agree that going to meetings in an attempt to meet people of the opposite sex is a losing cause. When I started I found myself thinking of the females in the rooms as potential partners (sexually and in a relationship) and I felt really grimy about it. Everyone in the room is fighting this disease and it did not feel right. Now I try my best to treat every girl in those rooms like I would a sister since my recovery and service to others is much more important. ..I wish you the best of luck in getting started on the back nine of your life. 
I wish the best for you your descriptions of your struggles strike a chord.  I think many people can relate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfnAOcBirAs
&gt; maybe theres cute girls there and that is no reason to go..When I was first getting sober my sponsor told me to find a few meetings with good looking women there.  I had been continuing to relapse because I felt so lonely (and bored kinda like you).  The whole "cute girls" thing helped out a lot because I saw these good looking women who had been sober from several months to several years and I thought "Hey none of these girls would give you a shot if you don't stop drinking."  But hey it worked!  I found a girlfriend outside of AA but basically use any reason you need to not drink.  ..Please let me know if you have any questions!
Hi buddy. I understand everything you're saying here. ..Where you are I once was. In the last 5+ years of my drinking I effectively removed myself from the dating pool. I was afraid of what a woman would say about my drinking. I also didn't want to date a woman who drank as much as me because she'd have serious problems. (Hypocritical much?) I dwelled on the worst incidents in old relationships and convinced myself that was what dating consisted of entirely. I made excuses didn't try couldn't be bothered. Then I was surprised at how lonely I was. ..It wasn't loneliness that made me stop drinking it was fear of death. I also thought I would die fairly young for no really good reason. It was a weird fatalist excuse - "I'm not going to live that long so I should enjoy myself now." I had a rude awakening one night about how easily my alcoholism could kill me and it made me realize that I don't actually want to die. ..That fear made me quit drinking and two weeks of desperate craving followed. That's when I finally went to an AA meeting which turned everything around for me. I met people who had been where I was many who had been even worse off and who had turned their lives around. They weren't just sober and healthy they were *happy* about it. Through the support and camaraderie I found in those meetings I was able to make a similar turnaround...Where am I now? I'm sober I'm healthy I'm mostly happy. (And when I'm not happy I'm working on dealing with my problems instead of hiding from them.) I'm happily married to the love of my life. This didn't all happen instantly it took a while. But there has been a slow steady consistent improvement to my life from the moment I decided I was done drinking. ..Where I am you can be. You don't have to go it alone either. [This link lists AA meetings near you.](http://aa.org/lang/en/subpage.cfm?page=28) Try a few out they are a big help in learning to live sober. (And while AA meetings aren't a dating service there are in fact some cute girls at most meetings.)
&gt; I'm going to have to go to AA I think but my next reaction is...maybe theres cute girls there and that is no reason to go..If you feel a desire to quit the drink and solve some internal issues any reason to attend an AA meeting in my mind is a good one.  The original intention that gets you through the door may open up an unforseen path that could possible be the start of saving yourself.  AA is what you make it much like anything else in life.  For me it is a place I can open up and release any fears of who I am.  Its a place where I can charge my batteries and feel confident to take life head on.  AA is free therapy for me.  The perspective of others in a simular struggle assures me that I dont have to be alone in this battle.  Good luck to you stay strong.
When we're drinking most of our time is spent in a haze of self-denial. We get these moments of clarity though where we can actually see clearly the havoc that alcohol is wreaking in our lives. This sounds like what is happening to you here...I was desperately lonely when I was drinking. I saw serious consequences really early on in my drinking but wasn't ready to quit so started drinking alone all the time. I spent years living this double life -- going to work and school and spending all my spare time wasted on my own. My personal relationships started to disappear and I felt desperately alone...Find supportive people who you can talk to about drinking -- AA SMART a drug and alcohol counsellor -- and talk about what you're dealing with face to face. The biggest problem with our isolating isn't always just the loneliness it's the secrecy. You would not believe the relief that comes just from admitting that you have a problem and you need help...As a bit of a post-script -- if the girls in AA get you into the room great but remember that a major recommendation is that you stay out of relationships for the first bit of recovery. Vulnerable people don't make the greatest relationships and *most of all* what I found out is that a big part of recovery is finding intimate relationships without sex. As an alcoholic I tend to conflate the two. Good luck!
