-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29brc2/relapse_after_two_years/

And I don't feel any different than I did yesterday or perhaps it hasn't sunk in yet but either way it makes me question the quality of my sobriety and whether or not I'm actually an alcoholic. There's no desire for a life rending bender no feeling of remorse there's just nothing and today is just another day. The question is whether or not I'll hop back on the wagon. Sorry for the ramble I'm just getting this out of my head.
----------immediate responses--------

I frequently think that maybe I overreacted. Maybe I'm not an alcoholic. Maybe I can just have one. Then I think about the fact that I've never had the mythical one beer. And then I think about how even if I'm not an alcoholic does alcohol actually add anything to my life? Probably not. ..Please choose what is right for you. If you want back on the wagon we're here for you. If not I wish you the best and continued safety. 
Only you can say if you are an alcoholic. The basic text of Alcoholics Anonymous suggests you try some controlled drinking if you are not convinced. Maybe that is your answer.
Why did you stop in the first place?  Was alcohol having an effect on your life?  Would it again?..I think many people relapse with one drink and then think hey this is okay I can do this...and then quickly fall back to where they were before or worse.  For me it was worse...Either way you decide have a great day and thanks for sharing.
The disease is seductive and sly. If you keep drinking you are likely to discover that in time all the reasons you quit in the first place will re-emerge and worse. I hope it doesn't happen; but you sound like thousands before you who had the same delusion.
In the Big Book Study Group post this morning the following definition was used: ..&gt;[W]e have made clear the distinction between the alcoholic and the non-alcoholic. If when you honestly want to you find you cannot quit entirely or if when drinking you have little control over the amount you take you are probably alcoholic. If that be the case you may be suffering from an illness[.]..Obviously no one here can say if you are an alcoholic but keep this definition in mind in the coming weeks and months you may have your answer.  We will be here.  I relapsed after 15 continuous years.  The first 2 beers were fine.  Two weeks later the next two were fine.  Then I descended into a hellish place that ended in August 2009 and federal incarceration.  
whelp if you're not sure you could always try some more research
To the OP I find your post incredibly courageous. I hope when I have these feelings with years of sobriety I have the balls you do for putting it out there. On that note I know you would rather not feel the way you do right now but I really need reminders that sobriety doesn't end with a cap and gown ceremony. 
I rode this ride before!  It's in a really shitty amusement park right?  I'd get some time sober convince myself that I could handle an occasional drink.  Things had improved hadn't they?  I wasn't suffering all those consequences and life situations that made me want to drink and keep drinking anymore right?  Let's get on the ride!..I'd have some success with reasonable drinking for a time cementing my belief that I was ok that me and alcohol could be buddies again.  No consequence at first.  No raging blackouts at first.  I had this thing figured out finally!..Eventually and never usually a long eventually I'd be back in the shit.  I'd be sitting there at 8am looking at the can of beer I was about to call breakfast muttering 'Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal.'..I rode this ride several times before I figured out it wasn't safe.  It'd been assembled by the crazy drunk little carnies in my mind and only half the nuts and bolts were put in the track wasn't straight and the safety belts were defective...Maybe you're different than me.  Maybe you're a special little snowflake.  I'd be happy for you if you were.  I'd love to be able to drink like a normal person.  Hell I'd do it everyday.  If you find out you're more like me than a normal person please don't let pride and shame keep you from coming back to recovery as soon as you realize that drinking was a mistake.  I've seen that keep people drinking long after they knew it had gone south.  Some of them took that all the way to an early grave.
Hope you come back the slope can be steep and one instant where things go wrong can change your life and not for the better - or even end it.
For me my relapse was very similar to a forest fire.  It started small I had a couple of beers (kindling) and then out of nowhere I was 3 days into it and boozing like I never stopped (wild fire).  It happened so fast and what I noticed afterwards is that my thinking had taken a full 180.  It was like I could feel the disease grasp my brain and latch on.  It took a while to get my thinking back to a sober perspective but I would have never noticed this change if I had not worked so hard at my first 10 months of sobriety.  That line of thinking is something that I am very aware of now. Hopelessness anger selfishness having conversations in my head and working myself up over nothing and of course anxiety.  ..I like to say that I had to do a little market research and my research indicates that this Texan is true blue alcoholic.  ..&gt; The question is whether or not I'll hop back on the wagon...[I don't know why I always think of this part of the matrix when I think about drinking again.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlztKOlqiEQ#t=58)  But it's true....I have already been down that road and I know where it ends.  For me it will end with insanity...Remember only you know what's best for you....so to thine own self be true my friend...~ Tex..Edit - forgot my little ~ before my name
[deleted]
[deleted]
