-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29c5n0/saving_ducks/

I read almost every post on here.  I wish I had advice for others when they struggle or when they are early in their sobriety (as I am) or when a 20 something is questioning whether they have a drinking problem.  I can't seem to come up with the hows or whys ~ of why anyone should quit.  I know all the reasons how and why I have quit but honestly I find it hard to bring it all to words.  But I do try to share some of my experiences in the past month and this morning I saved ducks.  I went on a long 5 mile walk there was a mother duck and 3 babies stuck in the median trying to cross the road. Each time she would attempt a car would zoom by and scare her back to the median.  Another lady out waking her child and I stopped traffic and helped the ducks cross the road. People in their cars clapped :)  IF I had drank last night I would not have been on an early morning 5 mile walk and I would not have saved a duck family. It seems the simplest things remind me of how important sobriety is to me and how much I have missed out on over the years.  
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome post congrats on 34
nice!!!
Awesome post. Even if you aren't a person that believe in a god or for whom scripture study doesn't apply some scripture is beautiful prose every single time I come here I am reminded of on in the Book of Mormon of all places ..."Now ye may suppose that this is foolishness in me; but behold I say unto you that by small and simple things are great things brought to pass; and small means in many instances doth confound the wise."..I think of this every time someone posts about "something small" 
My daughter thanks you. She is going through a duck phase something fierce right now! (Something I'm sure I wouldn't have the patience for nor find nearly as cute were I boozed up.)
Gratitude rocks. Stuff like this is what makes the world a happier more joyous place to live in. Yay for the duck savior!!
This is a great story and really points out how you can actually live once you stop drinking.
Awesome you had a great day.  Your share brightened my afternoon!..In really early sobriety the best I could do was listen.  At a year sober I'm just starting to feel like I have something to share.  In the part of the Big Book called A Vision for You it says 'But obviously you cannot transmit something you haven't got.'  I just share my experience as I gain it and as the words come to me.  I kind of let the universe sort out what I have to share and when I have the words to share it.  The duck story was great.  I heard a lot of gratitude in it...Also that should be the SD motto.  "Stop Drinking!  Do it for the ducks!"
What a great story!..&gt; It seems the simplest things remind me of how important sobriety is to me and how much I have missed out on over the years...You get it.   It's not "I don't drink because when I do bad things happen."  It's "I don't drink because when I do I miss out on the good things."  That is what keeps people sober.  That is what people are referring to when they talk about "gratitude."  Gratitude isn't the best term for it but it's as good as any other.   So few people understand this at just a month in.  Keep it up!..
Nicely done. Saving ducks and yourself.
I'm in favor of saving ducks and saving the rest of our lives. Awesome story!
That's awesome man! It's so nice to have opportunites to help like that good job stepping up to what the universe had to offer.
