-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29f8bb/that_urge_to_say_fuck_it/

I'm sober.  And good lord is it terrifying...If I stop and really consider where I was vs where I am I've made significant progress...I left NYC after ten years of depression and self-neglect.  I left a job that was steady but not challenging in the least.  I left a circle of friends behind that I still love but never exactly encouraged healthy living.  I left behind serious binge drinking on the weekends a cocaine habit that was starting to rear its head again after a few years off the stuff.  I left a girl that loves me but with whom things would never work...I'm soon to be 28.  I'm back with my parents in Los Angeles.  I'm nearly five months clean.  I've been doing CBT.  Been doing meditation classes.  I took an acting class and a sociology class both for the hell of it.  I'm not turning down any social invitation (something I've always struggled with).  I just started going to SMART recovery meetings.  I exercise daily and and generally eat very well...But man I am anxious.  I still have a ton of work to do.  A ton.  I need to get my own place get my own car get a job that doesn't suck get a steady social life again get some self-esteem start dating eventually (which is a dreadful prospect without booze)...I am trying my damnedest to take things a step at a time.  I know that's all I can do.  But I'm always getting ahead of myself and it gets awfully overwhelming.  And that's when the urges are the worst.  The urge to say "fuck it this is never going to work anyway" and just start down that self-destructive path again...What do you all do when faced with these sorts of thoughts?  I try telling myself how far I've come but that voice that voice that is so quick to dismiss my accomplishments and denigrate it always chimes in...
----------immediate responses--------

Woah buddy.  Remember first things first.  It's really common to get overwhelmed with all things you're going to need to do in the future.  But those things are in the future and you aren't.  You're not there yet so those aren't problems you actually have yet.  ..My brain wants to that *all the time*.  It's a great time traveller.  Problem is the rest of me is not.  My brain wants to go to the past and agonize over things I've done or didn't do.  That's not really helpful because my Delorean is in the shop and the wife got the TARDIS in the divorce.  I'm not going back in time to fix that stuff. .My brain loves hanging out in possible futures too.  It loves to worry about all the stuff that may or may not happen.  It loves to obsess about all the things I may have to do.  It's constantly concerned with when the time comes I may not get what I want or I may lose something I already have.  This is also not really helpful to me.  Those scenarios have not happened yet.  They may never happen.  I don't know.  I'm not there yet.  I cannot do anything about those things today so why are those things ruining my today today?...When my brain goes on its little adventures to places and events that my body can't follow I need to sit down get quiet and realize I'm here.  I'm now.  I only have to be concerned with what's right in front of me.  If I can take a minute to get myself present and right-sized I get a useful perspective.  It's no longer clouded with things I have no power over.  I come to realize I have only one worry; doing the next right thing.  I don't get the fuck-its when I have this perspective...Also congrats on 134 and thank you for speaking up.  I needed to be reminded that this is an issue I still struggle with from time to time and typing out my solution helps me keep that solution in mind when I need it.  So thank you...EDIT:  Words and stuff.
&gt; What do you all do when faced with these sorts of thoughts? I try telling myself how far I've come but that voice that voice that is so quick to dismiss my accomplishments and denigrate it always chimes in...I tell myself something entirely different: I believe it will get better if I stay sober today because it has I've seen the evidence with my own eyes...One other thing that "fuck its" voice is my alcoholism.  That's my alkie nervous system still alive and well and it can just shut the fuck up because it is not in my movie TODAY.  Trust me I've also seen the evidence of this fact: the longer I ignore that Bastard I deprive it of what it wants "alcohol"--he shuts the fuck up.
Sneaky bastards those brains of ours. I lost everything to alcohol EVERYTHING I knew it wasn't all going to be handed back to me at certain sobriety intervals but...it was going to take time and work. It's part of acceptance. I already accepted that I was an alcoholic then after being sober for 3-4 months it dawned on me that in order to get back what I lost it required more than just sobriety....and it was in no hurry. In earlier attempts as soon as I got out of rehab or "extended leaves" I would jump right back into work thankfully my field makes it fairly to easy to work anywhere. Getting back to work making the same or better salary I was going to be back on track right? Nope. Threw myself right under a bus crazy work hours family obligations by taking on to much to soon I thought was showing that my recovery was going great! Nope...I finally had to acceptance that my way wasn't working that I needed to change pretty much everything but my height to get this to work and I did. Took a job with an 85% cut only worked part time I put everything into recovery. I'll get theregetting better everyday accepting that my happiness may just lie in a easy low responsibility job so I can make my life the focus. ..I ride for 10 years to get 90 daysmiserably failing more times than I can remember changed everything up....I have 10 months today. So keep on keeping on it's not going to happen in your time line but as long as you continue forward you will find it and I new and better sober ways :)
Sounds like you're doing a great job so far IMO. ..The honest answer to your question? Personally I drag my sorry arse to church. I'm not evangelising I'm not claiming it's the only answer and I'm pretty damn sure evolution's a real thing lol. But for me it's the only thing that works - so the only sincere answer I can give. 
[deleted]
"Fuck it" is my personal motto.  The short answer is you'll still need to do all that stuff you listed even if you quit sobriety.  However if you start getting fucked up again it will be harder not easier.  congrats on 134 days that's great.
[deleted]
That voice saying "fuck it" is whispering Self Help Inhibiting Thoughts. ..Say "fuck that S.H.I.T.!" instead...That disrupts the voice long enough to apply your other tools less distorted thinking and the other ideas suggested here.
Sometimes that voice is a good indication that you might be focusing too much on yourself.  I find it helpful in those situations to just go help someone else.  Volunteer at an animal shelter or something; it can really quiet that voice.  If it doesn't at least something good will come from your efforts.
Thank you for taking the time to write this. It has helped me today.
I remember the fuck-it voice so well. It's a powerful thing...Here's what I learned for me:..Fuck-it means drink. Drinking means destroying my life. Fuck-it means suicide. So therefore fuck-it is coming from a broken part of my brain that's working completely against my self-preservation. That's what alcoholism is to me; I've got some broken fucking wiring upstairs and I get to deal with that...Anxiety? Yeah I'm spent the last nearly five years learning more and more about that bad boy. I'm still making new discoveries... certain sensations that I'm having around anxiety are leading me back to childhood memories from seven eight nine years old that I never realized was just old-fashioned anxiety. I've been feeling this shit my whole life before I ever drank when I drank and after I got sober...I found a therapist who specialized in alcoholism extremely extremely helpful that first year. I also did the AA program but I hear good things about SMART and I hope that whatever help you have available to you you seek it out and dive into it as seriously as you can. If it wasn't for people helping me that first year I would have certainly succumbed to the 'FUCK IT's.
Ah yes. The "Fukitol Syndrome". I'm quite familiar with that one. That's the echo of my addiction calling from days gone by and far away.  ..It tries to convince me that my efforts were all in vain. That it won't change anything. That everything I have accomplished is meaningless that I am still an awful person without value and my proper place is headed downwards. That I deserve to be in misery. That the only company I should have is my addiction.  ..Well fuck it all. Fuck all of what is in the above paragraph. If I'm gonna say "fuck it" to ANYTHING it's going to be to my own self-destructive tendencies. I call it DrunkVoice and I tell it to fuck off on a regular basis. I also toss up a middle-finger salute every time I drive by a liquor store.  ..Drag myself back down? Get in the way of my own progress? Fuck that. Every time I get thoughts like that I get MAD at the part of myself that generates them and then I punish that part of me. I'll help another alcoholic. I'll hit a meeting. I'll smile at someone. I'll buy coffee for the person behind me in line. I'll pick up some litter by the side of the road.  ..Every time my Fukitol Syndrome acts up I deliberately do something to make my life and this world a slightly better place. When my baser nature tempts me to slide down I put a little extra effort to climb up. Take that DrunkVoice ya bastard. How do like them apples?  ..And before you know it all these little bits start to add up and my life IS better and I do feel like I have value in this Universe. And DrunkVoice gets a little weaker each time.  ..So if you want my advice get your eyes off the horizon and back on the road. When that horizon looks far away and you start to stress about all the miles left to go remember that you still have to dodge the potholes in front of you. And when the Fukitol Syndrome acts up just ask yourself "What can I do RIGHT NOW that's going to make this world a better place?" Get back in The Now. 
Breathe in Breathe out..sit quietly
