-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29fspb/not_social_during_meetings/

I have been going to an AA meeting pretty regularly once a week since January or so (I quit drinking in October).  I really like the layout of this particular meeting- It starts with the introduction a reading from the book Living Sober and then everyone (or most everyone) shares their feelings on the excerpt.  I share if I feel I have something to contribute and I'll just listen all the same if I feel i don't have anything to add.  I like these meetings for all the reasons: for a sense of community understanding a reminder of the struggle etc. .    .All that being said I find myself not being very outgoing before or after meetings.  I don't usually stick around after the meeting finishes and I say a quick hi or goodbye to a few people who I know from the group...   I also at this point do not (and have never) have a sponsor so on top of that I wonder if I am getting all I can out of these meetings or am I getting what I want out of them.  Does anyone else experience this?  Any suggestions for overcoming or if that is even necessary? ..TL;DR I'm not very talkative to others before and after meetings.  Is that normal?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm the same way. Or was. I don't go to AA anymore but it was a huge help in the first couple months. I didn't do stepwork and I never got a sponsor but I still got a lot out of those meetings and they really made the transition from drinking to not-drinking a lot more smooth. ..I wasn't social either. I was usually the youngest there by what seemed to be a good amount and everyone else seemed like they already knew each other very well. Nicknames and "how are the kids" and all that. I never once felt awkward during the meeting but afterwards I felt very strange. I always left pretty quickly. ..And now that I type this all out I'm kind of sad about it. 
I took this approach at first.  I really thought I was "getting it" by just attending meetings.  When I got over myself faced my anxiety and talked to other people I found out I was missing on so much.  I don't think I'd be sober today if I only went to meetings...Getting a sponsor was the first thing I did to be more social.  He invited me to things that I wouldn't have had the guts to invite myself to.  He introduced me to people I would've been too anxious to approach.  He patiently answered my questions and addressed my concerns with certain aspects of the program (like the higher power stuff).  ..Talking with people interacting with others beyond the meeting that was where I really learned things.  I thought I was getting what I needed from just the meetings at first and if I would've stayed with that approach I'd be missing out on so much.  I didn't know what I didn't know you know?
I used to think i was unique as well and a special case
I've gone to many meetings in the last 49 days. One month ago I moved 1000 miles from home and I keep hoping I'll connect with someone socialize meet people... But I barely talk during meetings and afterward everyone is talking so loud and excited that I'm overloaded and I flee. I haven't gone this long without alcohol and weed for over a decade and I barely know what's going on or where I am. I'm trying different meetings... I went to one room almost every day for the first few weeks but I kept turning down lunch invitations afterward because it's just too much all the noise and people and bright lights and they stopped asking. Now I'm in a new town still not socializing. It's like they're speaking a different language and I'm not catching on. 
&gt;  I'm not very talkative to others before and after meetings. Is that normal?..Let me put it this way: it's not abnormal.  I like /u/mark_detroit's idea getting a sponsor will change all of this.
