-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29gozt/my_first_meeting/

I was anxious about going in. Was I really one of "those people"? I expected to be in a room of tragedy...What I found was the opposite. What I saw was successful people describing being in the situation I find myself in now -- not being able to stop and as a result to varying degrees not giving their all in life...Sure they described still struggling at times but their lives weren't defined by tragedy -- the reasons that got them there. Rather they were defined by the positive change they had decided to make...As someone who works in a bar I couldn't help but think about those I knew who had not made the decision to change. Confronted with the choice it's a no-brainer...Thank you to all those that have encouraged me to go to a meeting. It was truly worth it and I will continue to go at least once a week...Peace and love.
----------immediate responses--------

Great news and confirmation of what we tell the Sub all the time.  I originally got sober in 1986 back then I had a vision of shaky old men from under the bridge chain smoking and swilling bad coffee.  Well at least the bad coffee was accurate.  What a relief it is to walk into a room filled with people like the sort you encounter on this Sub!
Thanks much for the update. I know you were anxious so kudos for the courage it took to go to a meeting. Try a few different ones if they are available. It's interesting and opened a door to a world I didn't know existed. Have a wonderful sober day! 
Yeah when I first got here I expected to find people in a support group trembling and crying because they didn't want to drink anymore. Well they didn't want to drink but they'd found A) a program to help them NOT drink and B) a fellowship of supportive survivors. The combination has worked for me at least so far. I'm sober today and because (among other things) I'll hit a meeting later I know I have a good shot at going to bed sober tonight. Don't know about tomorrow. I'll worry about tomorrow when and if it comes. Good luck!
[deleted]
Many intelligent people are subject to failing the *no-brainer.*  Glad to hear you found a meeting you could relate to.  I was terrified the first month or two of going to AA even my home group which is filled with like-minded educated people.  Best of luck and congratulations on day 1!
