-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29im5a/its_been_5_years_since_ive_been_drunk/

I was an extremely heavy drinker from 17 years old till I was 24.  Alcoholism is a serious problem in my family and is about to kill my mother.  I decided 5 years ago I was not going to be another person in my family to throw my life away drinking heavily everyday...In those 5 years I've had a handful of drinks My wedding Honeymoon anniversary.  But never did it cross my mind that I needed to keep drinking and no longer feel that I have an addiction to alcohol...I would have never been able to do it without the support of my wife.  Most of my friends all they did was drink unfortunately I had to cut some of those people out of my life to better myself.  So here I am now 5 years later with a beautiful daughter and a great life...Anyone who is struggling remember that you are strong and to never give up!.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations /u/eqwoody!  Why don't you grab a badge based on your last drink?  
5 years is a huge achievement. I think it must have taken a lot of willpower strength and self reflection for you to commit to quitting at such a young age. ..I'm sorry to hear about your mother. Reach out to someone if it gets  too difficult ok ?
Your story is very similar to mine. My mother is hurting her health exponentially and has been for years from alcohol. I'm 21 and drink just about every night cuz most my friends do. Does cutting the alcoholic friends out of my life make it easier?
your story is extremely similar to mine.  I'm currently 24 and my wife and I are expecting.  The prospect of never drinking again isn't realistic to me but binge drinking 5+ times a week isn't either.  I drank last night and stumbled on this sub today and thinking it's time for a change.  Thanks for sharing
Is it possible to just have a few drinks and then stop? I have not tried that yet because I'm afraid the alcohol will blur the line of when I should stop drinking. 
