-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29rd3a/what_was_the_tipping_point_for_you/

Nobody starts drinking at an early age and thinks: "I'm an alcoholic and eventually this will become something I struggle with"...What made you realize that your drinking had become a problem and it was something you needed to get under control?
----------immediate responses--------

When the crusty multi-day hangovers appeared. It sucks to feel nauseous and to not be able to think clearly. However alcohol has also given me plenty of good moments so I am not that regretful. It's just time for me to stop now and grow up.
My drinking was a problem from the start I always drank to get fucked up and never liked drinking in moderation.  I was called an alcoholic and self-identified as an alcoholic early into it but I didn't care.  ..My tipping point was when I suffered crushing depression the days after I drank.  I finally agreed that alcohol is a depressant that can cause depression.  ..The drinking was ramping up worse than normal so I didn't want that either and things with my wife were not that great because of it as well.  So lots of factors but the depression was the tipping point.
My soon to be ex-wife was going to Al-Anon meetings.  I sincerely and innocently asked her who the alcoholic in HER family was (since I was vaguely aware that you go to AlAnon when someone close to you has a drinking problem).  When she said it was me I was floored.  It took me a couple of more years of grinding on this bit of information before I wandered into an AA meeting but yes--that was the tipping point.  ..So I go into my first AA meeting expecting shaky old men from under the bridge chain smoking and swilling bad coffee from little styrofoam coffee cups and instead I found funny sarcastic smart healthy-looking people (well at least the coffee part was true).  An old man was the "lead" speaker said something that resonates with me to this day.  He said I'm not an alcoholic because--then he ticked off all these crazy things that he did and that happened to him--I'm an alcoholic because even when I'm not drinking I'm thinking about drinking lying and creating alibis cleaning up the messes insincerely apologizing for my foolishness disposing of my empties and finally planning my next drunk.  That my friend is me.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Losing a lot of friends and family by being a suicidal train-wreck. People can only try to help you so much before they just give up and I don't blame them. I was trying to drink myself to death and didn't want any help anyway but that didn't work out and was a lot more unpleasant and nightmarish than I could have possibly imagined! Then I decided to give life a chance even though I will never be able to enjoy it or be proud of anything I've done because of the shame of letting down so many wonderful people and being such a disappointment to my family and friends in the past...&gt;Nobody starts drinking at an early age and thinks: "I'm an alcoholic and eventually this will become something I struggle with"...Actually this does happen sometimes. It's when a sensitive kid grows up around alcoholic parents and they think they're supposed to be that way because it "runs in the family". I've met a few people who used to say that shit when they were in their teens and were completely resigned to their "fate". It's pretty damn sad.
When I started getting into drawn out arguements with my friends. When I was an asshole to my girlfriend even though I never am sober(we love each other). Getting into depressions and staying there for weeks at a time. Suicidal thoughts. Thoughts of others killing me when I made mistakes big or small. Non-stop apologzing. Lying. Sneaking. Stealing money here and there. Just 2 bucks right? Well what's 2 more? I mean... 4 more isn't much... 20? 40?..Always being late on rents. constantly getting eviction notices. And then the withdrawals. Wondering if you're going to have a seizure those INSANE hotflashes looking up articles online to see if you need to go to the hospital for DT just because you're scared. Those are fucking horrible. ..And in the constant beer drinking my cholestorol is at least 4 times what it should be and that was 2 years ago when I had it checked. My doctor basically said I'm running a huge risk for liver replacement heart attack or seizure now....Self-Harm especially. I branded both the tops of my feet with an oven-hot coat hanger smash drunk. Third degree burns about the size of butterfly-bandages. left is a pisces sign right is the ying yang. Subconsciously my drunken mind wanted it to be a reminder to myself to not be stupid. Oh the irony! Of course then the left got infected and I had to go to UrgentCare so it wouldn't spread up my leg.  Then my right arm with a hot spoon. Then the tops of each of my knuckles. All of this over the course of 2 years and always smashed drunk on liquor. It felt good when the pain started and then the nerves died and it went numb. And this only happened drunk. If I keep up this sobriety I feel like I won't kill myself over some unbeknownst issue...*sigh* It does feel good though sober life. My tag only counts as my last day but I've been taking longer and longer breaks and I ~~think~~ know I'm finally there. I can actually sit though a hang out without anything. I told my friends and family so they support me. I wish I could say I could handle just one but I think it's better if I don't. 24 yrs old... It's time to get something on in my life.
I knew it was going to be trouble before I took my first drink I didn't care. I watched my dad drink all of my young life and willingly followed in his footsteps...About twenty years later.....One morning about four months ago after a "bad but not really notable" bout of drinking I realized this wasn't the life I wanted to live. I don't know why I started caring about myself but I did.
Well after trashing two marriages putting my parents through hell and a lot of other things - my niece saying she didn't want to ever be around me again flipped a switch.  I don't know why.  It just....worked.  I drove to an AA meeting that night and never looked back.
There were several. I'm stubborn I guess. Ruining 3-4 really good friendships 1 failed marriage DUI so0o0o much wasted time and money. The final one was a full-on panic about my liver/heart/general health. I've always been an active person and the fear of being stuck on the couch or in bed woke me up. I guess I was ready to LIVE more.
When I ended up drinking myself into the hospital. I had been on a 4 day drinking binge 3 of those days while camping. I was averaging 15 beers a day. I'm 22 I'm 6'1 and 135lbs. The 4th day I had 8 beers that I can remember and the next thing I know I've woken up in the hospital. I used my 9 days in there wisely and decided that I would be seeking help. I now go to a therapist who I'm comfortable with and is helping me find the route of my depression that caused me to drink daily. He's been a great help so far. But anyway I knew I had a problem my third day I was in the hospital when my sister visited me and she was crying. Seeing the sadness I caused motivates me to stop. I never want to see that look EVER again. 
I was 27 living with my girlfriend of 4 years and recently left work after I finally got into school to finish my degree. I kept telling myself that I would stop drinking so much when I started at the university but I couldn't. I couldn't take notes because my hands would shake so bad. I started bringing alcohol with me and would drink to and from school on the bus. At this point my relationship was incredibly strained my girlfriend told me she needed to move back in with her parents for financial reasons and I needed to find somewhere else to live on less than a months notice. The only reason I could go to the school I was attending was because we were living together. I started tail spinning about a week later missing school from drinking blacking out nightly all while pretending I wasnt drinking (ha!). One day I skipped class cause of a hangover drank a 1.75L bottle of wine with a couple ambien then laid down to nap. I came to in handcuffs with my car beat to shit. My girlfriend ended things with me as soon as I got out I had to leave school and move back with my folks...It was the best thing that ever happened to me. Sober I have been able to reflect on that period of my life and figure out why I was so incredibly unhappy it wasnt just the drinking. I was going to school for something that would please other people not something that would fulfill me. My relationship was destined to end she wants kids I dont. I hated living in the city...I just got into a new school program at 29 and am genuinely excited to pursue something where I will be able to help people. Im single still but really content with it. This is not the time that I should be focusing on anyone but myself. Most of all I respect myself today which I could not say when I was drinking...I have 589 days today.
My mom always told me she knew I was fucked when I was 12 when I stole a bottle of wine and drank it all with almost no ill effect.  It's funny because I remember thinking of how great alcohol was and I was trying to smoke cigarettes but smoking cigarettes always made me throw up.  Haha how that changed.  .  .I do specifically remember a few moments of cringe-worthy.  19 years old finishing a 6 pack for the 20th night in a row and I ... knew for a moment I was about to cross that invisible line of "I could take it or leave it." to "this shit is killing me."  .  .Of course I started drinking everyday no matter what for the next 12 years.  Anywhere from a 6-pack or 1/5th daily.  Heroin and meth quickly took over my life as well.  I was so far gone that even being homeless loss of all relationships nothing left to my name still wasn't enough to pull me from that feeling of despair and self-loathing.  I was convinced I could only find the relief in heroin and alcohol.  Now I find relief in not doing it.  No matter what.  .The 180 my life has taken in this short amount of time is nothing compared to the way this feeling of gratitude feels.  In a way I am thankful I was a piece of shit junky worthless drunk.  In the Tao it talks about how pain and suffering is what carves out our soul to be filled with peace love joy and compassion.  I've found that to be true.
&gt; "I'm an alcoholic and eventually this will become something I struggle with"...IDK.  I kind of did think that from when I was 18 on.  My college friends and I used to joke that I was the alcoholic in the group because I would drink so much so fast.  The thing was it was a sick source of pride to be the guy that was smart enough to get drunk in the library and then ace an organic chemistry test the next day.  Now I look back and see wasted potential.
The day i was having a panic attack so bad before an exam that I could barely breath. I rushed to the store and chugged half a fifth of vodka in a washroom stall in the school just to calm down. I wrote the exam loaded. I went home and drank till I went to sleep. That was when I knew my drinking was not normal anymore. It took me a long time and a lot of tries at sobriety and a deep dark bottom before I got my shit together and put the bottle down. Funny thing is I did really quite well on  the exam go figure.
Many things but also just resigning myself too it.  I knew I was an alcoholic since about 13 or so but hey my dad was a successful drunk so who cares...Probably realized I was hitting the point of no return after my first 3-4 day binge.  The withdrawals were so bad.  My gf came over on a surprise whim found me shaking and vomiting.  She knew I drank a lot but I mostly kept it hidden waiting til i got home.  She basically told me to get help or she was leaving.  I threw away a 4 year relationship so I could drink for 3 more years.
For me it was pretty simple:  I realized one day that there was not a moment I was awake that I was not either a) hungover b) suffering from withdrawals c) in process of drinking.  I was a moderate drinker for over ten years but time and circumstance in the past two years caused me to gradually increase my intake until there was no moment that I wasn't feeling an effect of alcohol in some way.  The sheer constant physical suffering was enough for me.
When a cop woke me up on the street of a foreign country and I had no idea how I got there or why my pants were cut off and all of my stuff was stolen. ..But when I realized I had a problem wasn't when I decided to quit forever. The past tipping point was when I went 3 days on vacation and barely remembered any of it. 
I'm still trying to find it. I want to quit and lord knows I've cried out for help enough times but god damn if I couldn't quit. Most days I think I'm not really ready to quit like I'm waiting to hit bottom or something. I've seen bottom and know that shit ain't pretty but damn if that isn't directly where I'm headed. Sailor V or whatever that saying is. 
[deleted]
* Was it puking at work due to hangovers? No..* Was it the broken bones to the point where the doctors wouldn't believe me that my ex-husband wasn't abusing me because who in the hell breaks both of their legs in the course of one year? No..* Was it all the cuts scars and bruises from falling down? The metal plate in my leg from aforementioned break? No..* Was it my friends family even my kids begging me to either cut down or stop telling me how worried they are about me? No..* Was it the constant telltale red cheeks and bloodshot eyes? No..* Was it the messages I've gotten over the last couple years that high school friends from my crowd have now either died from drinking or committed suicide? Including the father of my kids who was the love of my life? No...I could go on but you get the point. It was the fact that I lost my job. Believe it or not was not from my drinking - drinking is quite encouraged there think Mad Men style and I was good at my job they just fired a bunch of people because of financial hardship. No clients no money no work no job...So I quickly got a new job in a whole new city far away from the old city and while I love my friends from the old city I need to be away from them for a while since they're all drinking buddies except one (hi if you're reading this!). They don't know that this is why I'm avoiding them or the old city though.....I also somewhat recently got out of a relationship with a guy who drinks more than I do plus he does all sorts of drugs when I was always just beer/wine and weed and he would bitch about *my* drinking while he's nursing his DTs (somehow I've avoided severe withdrawals don't even know how that worked out)...I also finally moved out of the house I shared with my ex-husband to yet another city (the city I live in now is between the old city and the new city)...Sorry for the rambling this is my first post ever although I've lurked for about a year or so made a new account for it since a few of my irl friends know my main username. My one friend from the old city who quit drinking actually pointed me here without knowing that I'd already been lurking. He's the only person on this side of the computer screen who knows I quit. I haven't even told my shrink yet...I'm just terrified because I've quit before a few times and every time I've relapsed I always ended up drinking more than before I quit. I feel that this is my last chance and if I start again I will die. It's only been a few days now (June 30 was my last hangover) I hope I make it...Thanks for all of your stories you're all a big help even though I've never told you before. You are an inspiration...**tl;dr** New job new city new crowd finally totally single so I only have to answer to myself best opportunity I have to change my life once and for all.
