-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29rlvn/happy_to_join_the_community/

This is my first post on this subreddit.  A few weeks ago after a 2 week day and night bender I decided to quit drinking for good.  I asked myself what I was waiting for?  I've been lucky in my 8 years of drinking not to end up in the hospital with a DUI or worse injuring/killing someone while driving drunk.  Was I waiting for something like that to finally make me quit?  ..I went to an AA meeting on Monday and while I felt welcome and saw that it's successful for many there was some doctrine that I just knew I couldn't commit to.  I did more research and found SMART recovery.  I started that yesterday and it went really well.  I'm also counseling once a week with a therapist I trust.  I decided to move out from where I've been living (bad memories/lots of bars around) and I'm staying with family for a bit until I find another place.  I'm eating well and living clean.  I've always struggled with anxiety and lately some depression has set in; mostly due to nostalgia of time spent drinking.  However I feel better now than I have in years.  ..I just wanted to share where I'm at and look forward to being a part of this community.  
----------immediate responses--------

So glad to have you! Welcome. You really nailed it when you asked yourself "do I need to have that happen to quit?" So so true I've even discussed this  earlier today with someone here. Right when I just started seeing signs that I had a problem the rationalizations and justifications began. To think I would ever let myself get to "that point" was almost insulting.....not only did I let things get to that point I went very very far beyond it. ..Welcome to SD we have an abundance of smarts compassion and willingness to help pull up a chair let us get to know you and tell us how we can best help you!
Welcome /u/BigHairyNordic to r/stopdrinking.  I'm so glad you were able to stop and get to some recovery meetings.
Welcome! This is a great community. I'm glad you are joining us :)
