-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29ro2c/ok_to_do_things_differently/

I found this subreddit a while ago and have been amazed at the kindness and generosity of the contributors. I take the credo over to the side very seriously. "to motivate each other to control or stop drinking ..." I think my approach may be different from many on this subreddit though. ..First I don't believe any drugs are inherently bad. I've taken many different drugs throughout my life and have been with and know many people who have taken drugs and I don't think the drugs (including alcohol) themselves have any moral agency. I'm also not affiliated with any religion (like many of you). I continue smoking cannabis. I like cannabis and feel it helps me both physically and mentally. I also liked drinking much of the time but came to the conclusion that drinking for me had become counter productive. That's it. I am tired of the hangovers the drunkenness and the control alcohol has over me and just want to stop. ..I'm currently using my own system. I have no issues with Alcoholics Anonymous. I've been fascinated with it for years and am always amazed at how well people can articulate what they've gained from it. If I relapse using my home grown (I'd like to think it's "rational") system I certainly am open to trying AA next...I'm also older which may or may not be relevent...I guess I'm wondering if people think ideas like these about drugs drinking and recovery are counterproductive to the group as a whole. Especially to young people trying to get a handle on their recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

Go ahead...But.  There have been a bazillion posts on this already you might search some of them...For me not you a drug is a drug is a drug.  An intoxicant is an intoxicant.   ..Some drugs are to my mind worse than others meth for an easy example.  Some will disagree but it kicked my butt right away  alcohol was  by comparison more benign but it kicked my butt too.   I smoked a lot of things too got high missed a lot of life...If weed is ok how about opium hash?   But that's me that's where my inner addict would take me...Good luck stay in touch...
I've never met anyone who can smoke pot and stay away from alcohol and other drugs.  If you can do it more power to you...If you are using MJ or anything else (outside of as prescribed) AA and AAers will not consider you as "sober".  Some even consider certain prescription drugs a no-no...So how old are you anyway?  I'm 52 so I figure I'm a dinosaur in redditland but I have met redditors in their 70s.
Drinking and drugs are inherently bad--for me. I won't judge if you say that they're not bad--for you. ..It's the difference between experience and advocacy. If you're sharing your experience great. Someone may find relevance in what you have to say. But If you advocate drug use to a bunch of people working on alcohol recovery I don't think you would find much traction here (and I don't think that's what you have in mind). ..But I'm not clear what your approach is and why it's different. If you said well I'm gonna control alcohol but keep smoking weed--a number of people have said that here. I think it's been met with some skepticism. I suspect many of us want to get rid of all the mind-altering substances--but if this is your path and you make it work good on ya. 
Although I have abstained from weed during my pregnancy it is the best therapy for an vestibular disease I'm living with. It's is so annoying that any time I see a new ENT the first question they ask is which anti psychotic medication I am on. When I as first diagnosed I tried  several but it it never had a positive impact on the symptoms and I really hated how I felt and was scared shitless that this was going to be my new normal. Weed was the most effective therapy. I did A LOT of recreational weed. A lot in that I'd bring home the seeds of the Cannabis Cup winner from holland and gave them to friends that are growers for medical MJ. Taking it therapeutically did not feel recreational at all. I do not discuss it with anyone for the same reason I don't discuss any other items in my medicine cabinet.
I have a confession to make. Although everything I said is true it was motivated by my curiosity as to how a post like this would be received. I posted something earlier saying "I'm not doing AA" and was met with "go to a meeting." Does this group adhere to it's credo of being a general forum for "anyone"? Or is it AA-centric? I'm thinking AA-centric. Which is fine. It's probably just not for me...Drugs are mentioned in nearly every post: anti-depressants anti-anxiety drugs to help stop drinking. Everyone's taking cholesterol lowering or blood pressure lowering drugs. But mention cannabis. Uh oh.  Perhaps cannabis could be used to ease withdrawal of alcohol. Who knows?..
