-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29s1y9/story_the_first_day_ive_been_sober_in_a_long_time/

This might not seem as impressive as the other posts here but everyone starts somewhere. Around 30 minutes ago I finished my first 24 hour period of sobriety in over a year. I was literally sitting in front of a bottle of wine about 10 minutes before the end of the 24 hour period contemplating if I should take a sip or not. I knew if I did it I would have lost all of those 23 hours and 50 minutes of progress that I struggled to make. I realized that I wouldn't be able to last for those 10 minutes but I desperately wanted to succeed. So you know what I did? I just grabbed my keys and I fucking ran away. I sprinted away from my house literally trying to distance myself from that bottle of wine. It was the only way I would have been able to stay sober so I did it. It might seem pathetic to some of you but I am extremely proud of what I did. After the 24 hour period ended I went back to my house and I threw that bottle of wine in the fucking garbage bin...Fuck alcohol. I'm done with you...(btw I created this account just to say this story so before anyone says this is a fake post I just want to let you know I have always been a Reddit lurker but have never actually created an account. I just made one now to tell you guys this story).
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations /u/firstdayfirststep and welcome to r/stopdrinking.  Yeah the first day is a big deal.  You say you have been a lurker so I won't repeat my standard "newcomer greeting" but I will urge you to let us know how we can support you as you go along.  
You are correct gotta start somewhere! Welcome to SD very good place to start :)
Congrats. Getting ahead is putting one foot in front of the other and we all started at Day 0...
Welcome. So glad you made an account and wrote this post. Congrats on 24 hours. Stay in touch.
I think this post is hell of impressive. Congratulations on 24 huge hours and thank you for helping me to stay sober today.
[deleted]
Congratulations! Keep doing whatever you need to in order to keep yourself healthy and sober.
I think it's impressive. I've had a couple staring contests with wine before. Feels good to win them.
That's a major accomplishment!  Good on you!  Keep up the fight (it really does get much easier with time and support)
Good for you! :-)
You only think its pathetic because you think you're the only one...It's not pathetic. I get it...We've all been there. I've been there. This is why people get sober together rather than alone. You don't ever have to do this alone again ever even if you want to. We're all in this shit together trying to pay it forward because we know exactly how it feels to have that drink screaming at us and for me I know it got a whole lot easier when I had people to stand shoulder to shoulder with rather than trying to fucking 'tough it out' alone. 
Keep it up!
Hey be proud of your 24 hours! I just finished 3 days yesterday and I posted a few minutes ago saying that despite all of the successes I have had in the worldly sense (degrees jobs family home...) those 3 days are one of my proudest accomplishments!
Thats how it starts good for you for taking the first step. Don't belittle 24 hours....thats a HUGE accomplishment and its sure as hell not pathetic!
