-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29sv66/they_arent_all_good_days/

I was a little bummed out today so I thought I would post.  Nothing really super wrong in my life.  Work has me a little down but it could defiantly be worse.  Could be better also I guess.  I just feel under utilized not appreciated and bored most days.  I'm trying to seek other employment at the moment.  Things have just been pretty weird lately.  It is one of those deals where I keep getting asked how to do certain things but then management is like all into the person that I had to help train.  You know maybe I wouldn't be looking for another job if you maybe seemed to appreciate what I do from time to time.  If I'm not lead on something (for whatever reason) that is fine but then quit asking me how to do it and don't come to me when the new person messes it up.  ..It just seems like no matter what I do it is never going to be good enough.  I'm not worried about getting fired but I might have made myself to good at what I do and will not ever be allowed to move.  I work in an environment where rather than deal with crappy employees we dump work on those that get it done.  It is just to clicky for my liking most days.  It saddens me because we could be a great place to work but our managers tend to promote like managers.  All of the problems are fixable.  We could do a lot more to retain staff.  Instead we screw over our long term staff and run them out the door.  We lost 2 people recently with close to 10 years experience.  My manager manager 1 just gave a crap reference for a current employee for an internal job.  The other manager knew manger 1 was full of crap but didn't hire the guy anyways because they could sort of use him anyways and get an external hire...They went for an outside hire and were just planning to keep on using the internal guy in a limited capacity.  He found another job a week later and 10 years worth of experience walks out the door.  Now a few months later manager 2 has an employee manger 1 is trying to steal away.  I'm like this is ridiculous.  I swear I work with 5 year olds.   We just have a habit of bringing people down rather than building them up.  And to bring people up it isn't that much harder than trying to bring them down...Which brings me to the point of this long rambling post.  Not every day is going to be good.  It isn't going to be all sunny.  Sometimes trying to be positive is hard.  Trying to focus on the positive can be hard as well (just got a top raise)...However the power to change lies within us.  You can look for that new job.  You can go back to school.  You can stop drinking.  Make the change positive and smart though.  For me it wouldn't do me any good to quit work right now.  If you think you might relapse get some help.  If you think you might get in a situation find an exit...In the end we all have to decide what we are going to do.  Don't let people bring you down and be good to others.  Keep your heads up.  ..On to 549.
----------immediate responses--------

Hear hear!..I think it's important to almost appreciate the bad sober days in a way when stuff at work sucks and all of that. It's startlingly and refreshingly *normal* relative to the old drinking days. You're having a bad day that *everyone* experiences sober or not. It's not because you're a hungover wreck or anything; you're just a normal and productive person who's dealing with shit that other normal and productive people deal with. I do hope that things get better for you though...onward and upward!
Great post so true. This reminds of a quote that was a catalyst to a lot of change in my life 17 18 years ago and my career really took off. .."Two traits of truly successful people are dissatisfaction and curiosity" I really needed to be reminded of that since I'm in for some pretty big change in 3 months. So thank you so much for posting! I needed that reminder. ..Keep on keeping on!
The dilemma of leading an examined sober life is you can now see the pettiness in other people because you've spent some time looking for it in yourself...How can you be helpful today? Now that you are sober and aware how can you be of service to your company? That is a tricky question. You can't go along yelling at people and blowing shit out of the water. But it would also be irresponsible to just bury your head in the sand and be completely unhelpful. Or perhaps you may eye a career/employer change somewhere in the future. Who knows...Dealing with work drama in my sobriety was very challenging. It's something that I overlooked but my perspective has seriously changed...I had a terror of a boss for my first three years. People left the company left and right. I finally realized at about two years clean that if I just did my job solidly and told the truth and kept my head up I had actually nothing to fear. My anxieties slowly drained away my fear of talking to people directly went away my desire to gossip dissipated... it took me some time but gradually my work conditions got better. Did I fix the company? No... but I know unequivocally that I didn't make anything worse and I'm sure I made many things better...Anyways breathe in breathe out drink a lot of water don't take anything personally and just be helpful. You just may sleep easier.
