-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29y50l/1_year/

I feel the need to reflect and I suppose it will probably benefit the members of this sub-reddit as well.  First of all...  A little background...I spent 6 years in the Navy.  During that time I drank more and more.  Eventually I got to the point where given the opportunity to drink I would drink and I would continue to drink until I blacked out.  Then after I blacked out I would still drink more.  I never thought of it as a problem. I was what is known as a "functional alcoholic" whatever that means.    I would show up to the boat the next day off of 5 or 6 hours sleep.  Most of the time I would still be drunk and reek of booze.  Nobody really challenged me about it because I would always complete my work...Eventually my friends started getting into compromising situations involving alcohol.  They would get in a fight or show up past curfew.  These events continued to pile up.  I was always on the perimeter but I was never the focus.  The end result would be a mild scolding.  Nobody ever offered to help me.  I still didn't think I had a problem.  I had trouble maintaining friends.  They all knew me to be "that guy" who always got way too drunk. The people that did not have a drinking problem did not want me to pull them into the spiral.  I still didn't think I had a drinking problem.  ..Occasionally I would consider what effects quitting alcohol would have.  Believe it or not I was actually heavily into physical fitness during this time.  It was a strange dichotomy.  While the boat was underway in the middle of the ocean I exercised heavily.  At one point I was doing the big 3 lifts twice a week AND running 25 miles a week.  This only held true underway tho.  As soon as we hit port liberty or home my only focus was to get as intoxicated as possible.  Of course the only sanctioned drug of choice was alcohol so alcohol was my path...The last couple of years I tried to quit smoking to benefit my running.  Yeah I don't know how I ran so much smoking a pack a day either but I guess there's not much else to do floating in the middle of the ocean for months at a time.  I was able to get past the physical withdraw of cigarettes.  I did this probably 10 times.  Eventually however we would always return to port.  Port meant alcohol.   Alcohol meant smoking.  So I'd start smoking again.  Every time this pattern repeated itself...Well fast forward a bit.  I got out of the military spring last year.  The few drinking buddies I had who would tolerate my shit are thousands of miles away.  I still drank on occasion but each time it would be by myself.  What can I say?  It got boring.  I wasn't in Tokyo or Sydney or some exotic beach in Asia.  Drinking wasn't fun anymore.  I decided to try to quit smoking again and to do it the right way I decided I needed to quit drinking.  Somehow I never realized the damage alcohol was causing even at this point in my life...I started noticing the cognitive benefits of not drinking very quickly.  My memory started improving around a month after I quit.  When I was young I had an amazing capacity for memorization.  It didn't stop there tho...  I always enjoyed logical puzzles and games as a kid.  Somewhere along the line I felt I needed to make that go away.  Somehow I associated social prowess with the ability to turn this part of myself off.  Well many years of abusing alcohol achieved that desired effect.  Some point while typing this it turned 365 days since my last drink.  I can't remember when it happened but at some point in the last year I noticed my mental clarity is almost back to what it use to be when I was a younger.  I still struggle terribly socially.  Such a huge portion of my social ability is tied to the person I was when I was an alcoholic and I never really learned how to move on...I still have many problems.  There is much of myself I still need to learn about.  But the fact remains that today I am 365 days sober.  I am a sophomore in college with a 4.0 gpa in software development.  I am on a roller coaster that is propelling me towards a lucrative and beneficial career path.  I believe if I continue to work at my struggles the solutions will appear.  I'm not sure I'd be here had I continued the use of alcohol.  Upon reflection it's amazing that the answer to all of my problems was to quit drinking when there was no clear path to this answer.  I never recognized it as a problem while I was engaged in it...I used no 12 step program.  I had very little support from friends.  I still sometimes question if I actually had a problem with alcohol.  Cessation seems to be aligned with my goals and that seems to be why I was successful with quitting.  I still have questions though.  Quitting was so easy.  Can I drink socially?  But why would I?  Alcohol servers no purpose in my current position in life.  As someone who doesn't drink I feel like an outcast sometimes.  I feel like it places me outside of certain social circles.  The inability to recognize the damage alcohol had on me was not just isolated to me if that makes sense.  Alcohol is such an accepted part of our society.  People just don't understand the ascension you can obtain through cessation of alcohol.  Oh and if you managed to read all that I'm just over a year cigarette free also.  Quitting drinking was the last piece of that puzzle as well...Thank you for reading this.  I feel the need to repeat that it was really necessary reflection on my part but if it benefits you in any way well that's an added benefit.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I'm glad to hear that things are going well for you. I think that a lot of people struggle with the "was it really that bad" thoughts. There's a reason we're on this sub though isn't there? I find posts like these really inspiring. Thanks for taking the time to type it out.
Congrats on a year! Thank you for sharing with us your story. My year is a little less than 2 months away I love hearing how people are doing and what sobriety means to them. When I got sober I just wanted a year I never made it to 90 so a year seemed way to lofty a goal but it's what I wanted and now that it is within my grasp...It's wild for other reasons it also is ushering a new life phase and I'm tripped out over what's next?..I'm glad things are going so well for you truly inspiring!
Congratulations on a year alcohol and cigarette free...I identify with the sentiment that cessation of alcohol consumption allows us to accomplish things that previously eluded us. That was one of the big reasons I quit - I wasn't achieving my fitness academic spiritual or social goals. For a long time like you I had no idea that it was because I continued to drink. It took awhile for my brain to realize 'Hmm maybe the reason you're not in great shape is because you drink 20 drinks a night every weekend?'..Also I've met quite a few ex-military guys in recovery. It seems to be a way of life that is inextricably linked with heavy alcohol use much like the college/fraternity culture is. It's interesting you mention that no one offered you help in the Navy - maybe that's related to the stigma of mental health that persists among servicemen and women...It sounds like you're on a great path. Just keep doing what you're doing - you've inspired me today.
Well done man and thanks for sharing. You're inspiring many of us in all that you do. The world is a better place thanks to your self-awareness. Thanks. 
I'm considering joining the navy. What would it be like to be sober in the military? I probably have a few more questions but its 3am and I'm half asleep...congrats on a year!!
Well done on the year!!
Awesome job congrats!
I can say this: After 4 years sober I gave in to those 'was it really that bad' thoughts and I found out that yes. Yes it was and it got worse so quickly. ..I understand feeling like an outcast because you don't drink. I'm in law enforcement; same deal here. It helped me to find an AA group specific to my somewhat 'different' social position- I found an AA group of all law enforcement closed to non-LE. It's still a bit odd because I'm the only female but it helps to have people who can relate to a lot of the challenges I face. Maybe you might get something out of a group for vets. Just a thought I am not trying to push a 12-step agenda on you.
Congrats on one year!
Rock On!.
