-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29yc3q/i_am_just_coming_off_a_relapse_and_im_honestly/

I quit drinking fairly young. I used and was an active member of a twelve step program which was quite effective for me personally but over the intervening years I just sort of drifted away. I guess the main reason I quit in the first place was because alcohol was preventing me from doing things with my life. I would just get completely hammered most nights and work. I knew it was bad for my health but I didn't really see health as a useful thing since all health does is keep you alive and all being alive does is let you get drunk and and so on... It wasn't a happy way to be but since this issue of alcoholism runs in the family I was able to find resources and people to talk to...I saw a doctor for a routine checkup shortly into that first period of sobriety wherein I told her that I drank "more than I should" so she "palpated the liver" I guess it's called. It was not good and she said basically "good thing you're quitting your liver is very swollen. Here are some pamphlets" which I threw out...Now many years and two relapses later I just threw away about two and a half years of sobriety. I had most of the things I told myself that alcohol was preventing me from getting -- I have a pretty good job I'm almost done with school I have people who I can call up and who answer the phone -- these are really quite low bars but considering where I was things were pretty good. So I thought maybe I'll go see about having a beer...Well one case of beer and two to three weeks of four to six shots every night I haven't lost any of that external stuff. The job is still fine the people don't even know I was drinking and my grades are not affected. ..But that liver really hurts. If I eat to a full stomach I have to hold my chest in a certain way or it's reeaaally sore. I'm only 27 years old too which is the real hell of it but I don't have jaundice or anything... Maybe it's placebo. Probably not. I don't know but I know something feels wrong with me. I'm scared to make an appointment with a doctor but obviously I know I need to do something just to find out how bad things are. So I plan on doing that on Monday...I'm not asking for medical advice I just wanted to vent. I'm too embarassed to go back to the people I originally got sober with right away even though I doubt they would say anything about it other than "welcome back" I'm just... Embarrassed. And scared...Things are not good. Thanks for reading if you got this far and if not I hope you have a better day.
----------immediate responses--------

Well I'm glad you are going to the doctor having a point of reference is a good start. You are correct everyone will be glad to have you back sucking up and doing it of course is up to you. I've got a touch over a decade on you age wise and oh how I wish I would have gotten my collective shit together at 27 and not 37 better late than never I suppose.
Hey dude. Your fears are natural. Just take it a day at a time right now try not to worry too much. Thanks for posting here and having a vent stick around!
Be honest with the doctor about how much you are drinking so you can get help with detox. Medication makes it safer and easier to stop. The liver responds well once the poison alcohol is removed. 
