-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a1qdd/first_drinking_dream_so_unfair/

I had heard about having these kinds of dreams before but during my previous tries at sobriety it had never happened. Finally did have one last night where I'm hiding a glass of wine and worrying about it being a relapse and get busted and feel all that worry and shame and guilt guilt guilt. I was so glad to wake up and it not be true but I just cried and cried. It's so unfair to be trying so hard to do the right things and then I have to feel all that crap again when I'm not even doing it!
----------immediate responses--------

The dreams will fade /u/vinniepdoa it's just your nervous system healing from being overdosed with alcohol for too long. 
I had a few of these dreams also they were so upsetting but when I woke up I realized how lucky I was that it wasn't real and it just reinforced how much I truly wanted to stay sober.  Congrats on 19 days!
[deleted]
Yeah about 3 weeks in I had a dream that I was drinking beer at a party. Got busted by my wife who wasn't angry just disappointed.  Felt super guilty and I thought "Goddamnit now I'm gonna have to go through that hellish first week AGAIN."..Woke up and it took me a few minutes to realize that those events hadn't occurred and everything was OK.  Giving up drinking certainly restores some clarity to your dreams that's for sure...I'd heard about the drinking dreams before but it was so vivid and so real when it happened. Luckily for me it was just the one...Stay vigilant it gets easier :)..
If it happens again try being super happy that it was all just a dream! I love waking up from a drinking/drugging dream and finding out that I did no such thing.
I recently had a drinking dream at around day 185-8.  I don't know if it is my reptile brain trying to have just one more or if it is the opposite and I'm healing through these dreams.  The important thing to remember is that dreams are separate from reality.  ..19 days is a huge accomplishment; 456 hours.  If you are anything like me I bet you spent more than 456 hours drinking in the past year.  Give yourself time to heal. 
Man just over this last weekend I had a dream where I kept sneaking drinks at a party and got caught by my girlfriend who just broke down in tears. I woke up from it like it was a nightmare and realized I was still sober still laying down next to my girlfriend and someone was quite obviously annihilating the bathroom that shared a wall with our room in the hostel... Never been so happy to hear the sound of a stranger having intestinal troubles at three in the morning.
