-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a4hhq/making_new_friends_while_sober/

Hi! I've been lurking for almost 6 months but not posting. I'm a woman in my mid twenties who has been drinking too much for almost 10 years. I haven't drank in 11 days and although the first few days of anxiety and hot flashes were tough I've been feeling better than ever for the last week.  On July 4th I hosted a huge party at my new apartment with all new people that I didn't know (I just moved to a new city). I provided and people brought alcohol to the party...The funny thing was I had a really great time. I was sober and a good host. I carried around an Orangina in a glass the whole night. I wasn't tempted to drink. I remember everything I said and did and I woke up the next morning only slightly tired from staying up until 3am. I made some new friends. This cemented the idea in my head that I can do this and it doesn't mean the end of my social life. ..Now my question: .One of the people I met at the party invited me over for drinks or wine at her house on Thursday. I said I would rather grab lunch and she said OK and that maybe we could stop by her house for wine after. .I am NOT going to take her up on the wine- I will ask for tea or water instead- but this is my first time one on one with a new friend where drinking is on the agenda. Since it's a new relationship I feel weird explaining too much about myself or my history. I also know that 2 weeks ago I would have judged/been annoyed by anyone who said they didn't drink. (Also I didn't tell anyone I was sober at my party. She will probably think its weird that 5 days ago I was having a huge bash at my house and secretly not drinking but anyway...)..I would really like to make some friends in this new city. I like this girl quite a bit but I'm struggling with just how to portray/explain my situation. I'm also a bit scared of being left out of things with the group once they find out I don't drink. This fear is nothing compared to the fear of drinking again- so if that is the price I pay so be it. But maybe someone has some advice that could help?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi I also haven't drank for a similar time as you I have a strong core group of friends who I hang out with so I have seen them multiple times during this period and on some (actually all) of the occasions they have been drinking however I was not tempted and just said no. ..However I have often thought about what I will do when I am in the same situation as you there is nothing wrong with been honest but it doesn't mean you have to tell someone everything about yourself straight away. ..You could say you are 'detoxing' for a month to delay questioning but I guess at the end of the day the only thing to do is to say 'I don't drink' you don't need to explain exactly why straight away but if someone can't accept a polite 'no' to their offer of an alcoholic drink then I can't imagine the relationship working long term...Anyway just my thoughts.  
I recommend you just be honest. Personally i would prefer someone to be honest with me. Have a strong will just say you don't mind if they drink but you will have tea and that you enjoy their company. If they judge you and eliminate you from the "group" because of just that one reason then i wouldn't worry as you don't need negative people around you. ..Take it one day at a time do it for yourself. Be yourself for you. Everything will fall into place eventually. 
If you think this girl is someone that you can be friends with I think that you should spend some time with her.  When it comes up tell her that you don't drink.  She may pry she may not.  Go with the flow as best as you can so that you feel comfortable.  If it goes south chances are she may not have been a good friend in the long run anyway.  Give it a shot and so long as you stick to your guns and stay sober at this point you've got nothing to lose with this girl and you may gain a good friend.
Welcome /u/ikkenorwegian to /r/stopdrinking -- if you have been in lurker-mode for awhile you no doubt have seen my standard greeting to newcomers where I talk about how I learned to make a decision on awakening every morning not to drink TODAY no matter what happens that and AA meetings have given me the tools I need to keep alcohol out of my day as an option.  I like to say "out of my movie" because that metaphor captures almost perfectly who we alcoholics tend to think we are: screenwriter producer director star cameraman--when in reality I was an extra at best in the great epic of life.  So my job in recovery is simple sober actions.  By being daily vigilant I can handle anyone with simple honesty and friendly directness.  Good luck and have fun.
I was isolated in my drinking.  I am socially challenged. I used to think I was unique different even "special" (am a bit embarrassed now by this) ..I got sober through AA and the side benefit was a robust interesting vibrant community of people like me who do not drink.  I don't like then all they don't all like me but for the first time in my life I have some real friends people I care about and who reciprocate.....AA is egalitarian - my best buddy is a former Hells Angel a person I would never have met - or wanted to - in real life... Though very different in background we are brothers we know trust and love each other.  I am also close to folks with advanced degrees - it is an amazing adventure......And when I travel I have a place where I can stay sober and get loads of local knowledge....
Most people don't care whether you drink or not. You might have judged people but your relationship with alcohol was different than other people's. ..Just don't be judgemental about her drinking and it should be fine. 
Yeah a few other people mentioned it but I didn't drink for almost 3 years (followed by a VERY wet 3 years to balance it out... or something) and when someone offered me I would just simply reply "No thanks I actually don't drink." ..9/10 times no one even gave it a second thought. The other 10% of the time I usually got asked if I was a Mormon. I am so I just said yes and no one ever said anything else about it... I guess you could always use that one :)!
As others have said most people don't care whether or not someone else drinks. It's like finding out a new acquaintance is allergic to nuts - a fact to file away but not something that influences how you think about him or her...The only people who have reacted to my sobriety with even a hint of negativity are people who seem to struggle with alcohol themselves. ..Also I think you're being smart about planning in advance to say "no" to the offer of wine. I found it very helpful when I was newly sober to sort of mentally role-play refusing alcohol. I worried that if someone pressured me even a little I would cave because my grip on sobriety was so tenuous. If you know heading into a situation that you might get offered a drink practice saying "no" out loud and asking for water or a soft drink instead. I don't know if it stopped me from drinking but I *do* know it helped me feel more confident in my ability to say no and stay sober.
