-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a53xz/crystals_mom_roxanne_is_an_alcoholic_and_crack/

I frequently mention my pal Chris aka the Dude (think Jeff Bridges *The Big Lebowski)* who moved to the 'hood a couple of years ago and has turned a tumbledown cottage on a small lot into a garden paradise.  ..At coffee this morning Chris continued his narrative of his neighbors: Willis Roxanne Roxanne's mild alzheimer Dad and 9 year-old Crystal.  Crystal is one of those older-than-her-years (Natalie Portman in *The Professional*) take-charge-of-the-kids-in-the-'hood little girls.  Chris relates that he came home yesterday to a small crowd of people on Roxanne and Willis' porch.  Chris had a present for Crystal's birthday so he walked it over thinking that the people were there to see the birthday girl. ..Instead a rental agent let's call her Annie came to the door of Willis and Roxanne's to serve an eviction notice--a hearing in Cleveland housing court is scheduled for this morning.  Willis was in shock since while he worked and made OK income the bills were always handled by Roxanne who also budgeted-in benefit income from her father.  Willis was mistakenly under the impression that they were buying the house because this was what Roxanne led him to believe and Willis frankly is not educated sufficiently to grasp the family finances.  Really who knows Roxanne either sold the house or lost it to a finance company but they were now renters and 3 months in arrears.  When Annie rental agent appeared on the porch to serve the eviction notice the truth about finances and Roxanne's alcohol and drug use unfolded like Texas Hold 'em cards being laid out on the table.  ..Crystal told Annie the Dude and Willis that Mommy was taking her once or twice a day over to a house where Roxanne smoked cigarettes with rolled up powder which Roxanne tearfully admitted was crack cocaine.  Annie the eviction agent sent Roxanne into the house; she instructed Willis to call the police; she arranged detox for Roxanne; she had Willis call children's services; and then she gave Willis instructions for the eviction proceeding in housing court to forestall removal proceedings ("Say you want MEDIATION that will get you multiple months delay").  Annie turned to Willis who my pal was now consoling and asked if he had an attorney.  Of course he didn't but Chris said he would arrange for an attorney for him at coffee this morning. ..This morning Chris related the above and we called our friend and my law protege Laura an ex-Playboy model/family law attorney.  Laura not only showed up but she is providing *pro bono* services to Willis Roxanne's Dad and Crystal as of two hours ago.  As an aside Crystal is the 9 year old version of Laura who not only survived an horrendous childhood to put herself through college and law school and become a mainstream and highly successful young attorney.  ..Here is what I want you to take away from this account via the Dude in the 'hood and to think about:  why did Annie Chris and Laura intervene and help Crystal and her family?  Why would an eviction agent save a family from eviction and arrange detox for Roxanne?  Why would Chris walk over and stick it out in this family drama as a friend of a 9 year old?  Why would Laura come flying into Starbucks at 6:15 AM based on my text message?  Why would she agree purely on the request of her two old geezer admirers to provide *pro bono* legal services?..The ***Big Book*** says: ..> Henry Ford once made a wise remark to the effect that experience is the thing of supreme value in life. That is true only if one is willing to turn the past to good account. We grow by our willingness to face and rectify errors and convert them into assets. The alcoholic's past thus becomes the principal asset of the family and frequently it is almost the only one! ..> This painful past may be of infinite value to other families still struggling with their problem. We think each family which has been relieved owes something to those who have not and when the occasion requires each member of it should be only too willing to bring former mistakes no matter how grievous out of their hiding places. Showing others who suffer how we were given help is the very thing which makes life seem so worth while to us now. *Cling to the thought that in God's hands the dark past is the greatest possession you have the key to life and happiness for others. With it you can avert death and misery for them.* ..Turns out the rental-eviction agent Annie is a recovering alcoholic.  Annie told Chris that she thought she had hit rock bottom after her 3rd detox but was wrong Annie had to lose EVERYTHING material in life before she recovered. And of course Chris and Laura are the dear brainwashed friends of this recovering alcoholic.  For years my friends each in their own way have been taking their dark pasts and utilizing those experiences as keys to life and happiness for others...I don't know the secret or purpose of life but this might be part of it.  I don't have to move the rock I just have to push on it.  ..One more thing keep Crystal and her family in your thoughts and prayers today--along with the sick and suffering.
----------immediate responses--------

Great story CC.  Thanks!!!
Thank you for sharing that.  Praying a for all involved.  Glad that little girl is being cared for now.  
Thanks for this it is still amazing the convolution the contortions the confusions and chaos that drugs and alcohol can bring into a life.
Terrific post.  I read this over my coffee this morning and now I feel strangely better about everything.
