-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a5b24/youre_not_drinking_i_thought_thats_what_you_did/

Background.i have been experimenting with Sobriety for the last couple of months (i tend to get to 3 weeks or so and then relapse) but i decided to give it a better go...I have a friend who i used to see fairly regularly but who i haven't seen for a while. He is quite a negative person and i didn't feel i could handle being around him while i was feeling vulnerable as he has a habit of trying to bring people down to his level. I am moving away in 3 weeks and am trying to sort out seeing everyone before i go and he has forced his way into my thinking. ..He invited me to go and drink beer with him. i told him i wasn't drinking but would go to the pub with him. He was asking me why i wasn't drinking. I have been fairly vague with my friends and family about why im stopping drinking i had been hiding my drinking (secret drinking) from them for such a long time that it only felt natural to hide my sobriety from them too. But when i explained why i was stopping he told me that drinking is what i do...And he was right drinking has been 'what i do' for a long time it was the activity that i was best at and my main form of socializing with friends...Its just not 'what i do' TODAY Today i am not going to drink
----------immediate responses--------

Man that gave me goosebumps!  And what I do now is work on becoming my full potential me the /u/strs_n_pps who is not defined by buds as being a drinker. 
Definitely doesn't have to be what you do anymore.  I don't know why he would want to be your friend if he thought that drinking was your most charming quality.
haha I would tell people that "drinking is just kinda what I do." Having to turn that attitude around and tell others I'm giving it up is tough. But I just avoid everyone I can that won't accept it. I can't avoid them all the time but I do my best to only allow positive people into my circle... good luck friend.
I've always wondered who am I if I don't drink? Everyone knows me as someone who drinks and is fun possibly a tad wild. I feel like I'm giving up part of my identity.
Man I feel you...Drinking is what I did too. Especially secret drinking! No longer...Much love.
That has been the biggest challenge for me figuring out who I am now that I'm not drinking. What do people do socially if they don't drink because hanging out with friends has always involved going to get drinks. Going to bars is the worst not because I'm tempted or anything but I can't stand being around incoherent people who are incapable of holding a conversation at that moment. I've tried to just make new friends and have cut the negative people like the one you're talking about out of my life and it has been relieving. 
[deleted]
Drinking is what I did.  It was a big part of my life (almost was my entire life) but now I wish to move on.  Create new chapters and taste the varieties that life has to offer.  Life didnt begin with alcohol and I dont want it to end with alcohol.  It is a sad thought to think that the short time that I have in existance most of it revolved around a simple chemical that numbed the very essence of my life....feeling.  So much more the world has to offer when the sun doesnt trigger the painful ache of a hangover.
This is a big factor in my life and I assume many others feel "lost" without drinking being a part of their daily lives. Sobriety can easily seem frightening when considering you're removing an action that is literally consuming upwards of a third to a half of your waking day if not more. ..As others have stated in the thread you're not losing your identity but actually gaining one. A focused and clear mind will allow you to see what you've been missing but it will also come with the realization of the time that has passed. Don't judge the rest of your life based on days weeks months or even years of alcohol abuse. Easier said than done but if we truly see our missteps for what they are we are far less likely to feel guilt shame or any other negative emotion as a result...Thanks for the post. I needed to read this today.
Well said strs. That's been the most intense thought I've had since I decided to quit drinking. "What do I have without drinking?"  It's a tough realization at times and I've gone through bouts of depression and had my first panic attack since 10 years ago.  However I know I don't want to go back to that life.  I'm beginning to take up new interests and really finding out who I am...one day at a time.
Just tell him he's sorta correct. Drinking is something you DID but it no longer defines you
I've been out all day and didn't get round to checking this until now. ! I got of the phone earlier and really needed to vent to someone so i came here. Its nice to know there is a community of people out there helping each other through this...So here is an update for you guys instead of going for drinks with said friend i went for a run. Then watched the football with a Orange Juice and lemonade. The game was good its not often you get to see Brazil get destroyed and it was especially nice to remember the whole game unlike some games in the past which are just flashes and headaches now...Its nice to know that other people have struggled with the 'Identity crisis' and have got through it and grown as people because of it. I'm planning to meet up with friend from the post when i can get another more understanding friend to be there too. And while im still not sure who i am without drinking and im not sure who i will be tomorrow. I do know that today I did not drink...And you know what im not going to drink tomorrow either. thanks SD you guys rock!. 
I have been in similar situations after you move and make new friends you will be known as 'that guy that doesn't drink' and people won't offer you booze or give you a hard time about it. 
I know that feeling. I am known by many of my peers for drinking and encouraging people to drink whenever and wherever. When I told a few of my "friends" that I wanted to stop drinking they practically laughed with incredulity and told me I'd be back at it in no time. There's no need to limit yourself to someone else's expectations of you including your own previous expectations...And a word of advice the bar is not the safest place to be for someone trying to stop drinking just my opinion.
