-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a6vp2/consoled_one_grandmother_about_her_recently_dead/

I've been glued to this sub for the past 3 days. After celebrating 6 months sober over the 4th of July weekend I learned that my Grandfather who has been struggling with a cancer riddled 82 year old body was on his deathbed. ..I was informed that our entire family was flying in from all over the world that day to be with him. I was able to drive there in an hour and knew that it was going to be a long day of consoling a hysterical usually stoic Grandmother and diving to and from the airport to shuttle family. ..After about two hours of sitting at my Grandfathers bedside nearly in tears I learned that my other Grandmother's brother who was like a Grandfather to me had passed in his sleep the night before. ..So I was basically at the deathbed of one Grandfather while learning of my other Grandfather's death while 30 family members were around me crying and drinking. ..If there was ever a time where NO ONE I KNOW would blame me for drinking it would have been that moment. But I didn't. ..I went to the store and bought energy drinks and soda and drank that all day and the day after and all day today. I've been reading EXCLUSIVELY relapse posts. I don't want to post one. I'm imagining doing it and it would be very hard.  ..I wanted to share this because its been the biggest test in six months and I haven't drank. Ill be hyped on caffeine for the funerals and ill let people know that I'm not drinking. ..For the people who are on their first few days...if I can stay dry during back to back Grandfather funerals...you can keep driving past the fucking liquor store. Thanks for reading and stay sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry for your troubles try to remain strong and do your grand parents proud.  Good luck with the family.
Holy cow! Man talk about taking some punches. It's hard to imagine now because you are really in the moment now but when you get through this sober it will be a very big watershed moment in your sobriety. I know when I get through this year I doubt I will have anything that holds a candle to the strength I've shown I am capable of. ..Hang in there you know all of us here are rooting for you. 
You have shown a true commitment to yourself these last three days and have been a grandson they would be proud of. You're doing all the right things and thank you for sharing your strength with us as example we can all follow. My thoughts are with you and your family. 
&gt; I've been reading EXCLUSIVELY relapse posts. I don't want to post one. I'm imagining doing it and it would be very hard...I've got something for ya. ..* ["Play the tape forward" with the /r/stopdrinking badge reset simulator!](http://sd.bot.nu/reset/index.php)..(Note: it's only a simulation.)  Just seeing my own name filled in there sends chills down my spine.  ...Great job getting through this difficult time.  You and your family are in my thoughts.
I am so glad you have been able to be there for your family.  Stay sober friend.
