-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2a9h1k/four_days_into_this_and_struggling/

After graduating college in May I recently joked around with all of my friends the amount of money we spent on booze in college. Afterwards I actually added it up estimating and it was unbelievable. ..I began to vet my life for the areas in which alcohol reliance even maybe dependence were prevalent. It seems like I was a bit unaware of the influence of the drink on my life... three beers a night $50+ bar nights every weekend night. Complete dependence on alcohol to enhance everything from concerts to sporting events. Hell even buying a six pack to enjoy a netflix night. ..Even worse was a constant effort to get healthy over the past four years constantly stymied by what I am realizing was this dependence. And finally every time I scaled it back I began to feel extreme discomfort from cravings.  But anyways yada yada yada.. y'all have heard or realized this all at some point I am sure...My problem is this: Living in extremes has always been fun for me I hate to be bored. Awful hangovers versus stupidly drunken nights have always sucked and taken a toll but now that I am trying to commit to an alcohol free-world I am missing that excitement...Frankly I am worried about being bored. In the next four days I am going to four concerts including an all-day festival Saturday. The thought of being alcohol free at all of these events seems unbearable. I am already struggling enough daily craving the drink I don't want to see my favorite activity of live music reduced to dullness simply because I wasn't intoxicated...I think I'll make it through I just wish it didn't have to be like this. Sorry I know some of you are struggling with alcoholism and much more serious issues than this just needed a rant. 
----------immediate responses--------

I had to rant today too. I think that you have a lot of positive aspects to your story that look like you'll be successful with your choice to stop drinking. Best of luck. 
Good work /u/JohnAnthonyGillis373 on your assessment of the past alcohol usage and the effects that it has had on you.  So the music festival if you absolutely have to go please be prepared to access the Friends of Bill W or other recovery resources while you are there.  In terms of the boredom issue that's an emotion that we experience when we withdraw alcohol no different in a way than alcohol.  If we recognize that the feeling is just that and not our reality we can go on and live the life we want.  The experience of this feeling goes away like a lot of the early symptoms of withdrawal.
You'll be surprised at how much more you remember.  Don't lose sight of the fact that ultimately you are saving your life here...Keep up the good work.  We're all pulling for you.
