-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2aal9y/well_i_guess_im_going_all_in/

I've still been struggling with sobriety but with many more days sober than usual and I'm doing ok. But not comfortable sharing my badge anymore until I can finally hit that '30' (spoiler: I will!). But today I found out I have to quit marijuana too. ..I've been smoking pot for a long time but I haven't considered it a big problem. Not like alcohol. For example I've never done anything  embarrassing while stoned. I've never once driven while high. I've never been in any kind of trouble with the law while high I don't spend too much money on it and it's legal in my state. ..Today I went to visit my case manager (that's a nice word for "probation officer"). She told me that even though I'm not supposed to be on UA's they are stepping up enforcement around the place and she wanted to warn me to be clean for my next appointment in a month. That's really nice of her and I do appreciate the warning. ..So I quit immediately. This feels like a lot for me. I'm angry that I am being forced to stop something that I feel hasn't been harming me and has helped me to have more alcohol free days. I'm angry that I'm having to stop suddenly and unexpectedly when I'm trying so hard to get things right in my life and it's like throwing a wrench in my plan. I'm angry that if I wanted to I could drink alcohol several days a month and beat these UA's - IF I wanted to but smoking even one bowl would be detected...Haven't had a bowl today. Haven't had a drink either. I don't want the drink. I can live without the bowl. But it sure did help me to get through some of the hard times and I'm going to miss it. ..I wish I could do this my way. But I broke the law and now my life is dictated by the county. Maybe good things will come out of this. Time will tell. Thanks for reading my whiny post.
----------immediate responses--------

Being told I had to do something always made it harder...That was something I had to work on later in sobriety......As for pot yeah unfortunately my definition of recovery/sobriety does not include any drugs not medically necessary.   Yeah I know but high is high and a life a great life is possible truly sober...Good luck with this
Your last paragraph really spoke to me sober_girl. From my experience letting go of always wanting and needing to do things my way HAS lead to good things. If I leave my eyes open to something different or better than what I know then I have the opportunity to see it when it comes. ..Good on you for keeping an open mind and for trying to keep that positive attitude.  And your anger is completely understandable. Whine away and then start moving forward from here. :-)
Not whiny at all - that's got to be tough. Strong of you to keep at it. 
I was wondering about you today. So glad you checked in!
I like your spunk! You're not "whiny" just frustrated. For me a "sober girl" doesn't use any drugs other than what is medically prescribed. Keep us posted.
