-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ab45n/from_consumption_to_production_why_drinking/

Before I tried to stop drinking I would drink a bottle of wine on the way home from work followed by a half jack of whiskey in the evening and then sit and dick around on the internet till late at night wasting my life away. ..Then I would go to work feeling like shit hands shaking body aching where I would sit and slowly panic as I realised how little I was achieving. Reports were always late I had no motivation everything started slipping backwards as I waited for the day to end so that I could get that bottle of wine down my neck to stop my hands from shaking...It became a vicious spiral heading downwards. The more I drank the less I achieved the less that got done the more I drank to stop worrying about all the shit piling up in my in-box...Finally my health collapsed. I had no idea what was wrong but my face was red and scaly and my eyeballs were yellow. I was having panic attacks I was profoundly depressed my stomach hurt all the time I stopped going to work and lay in bed drinking ginger tea and whiskey. ..I almost ended up in hospital but thankfully I found this sub and got inspired to try to stop. I had a good two month run then a slip up because I got too confident...Now I am trying again because the relapse reminded me what an awful space I had been in. I do NOT want to go back there. I am not a youngster I have only a small window of opportunity to improve my life and get things done. ..My energy levels are up the day is brighter and oh fuck now I must tackle all those unanswered emails unopened bills unpaid taxes....
----------immediate responses--------

Slip up happens alcoholics in recovery try very very hard to limit them for others because we well know the misery. I began my journey 11 years ago and it wasn't until November 2013 that I ever achieved 90 days....that was a decade of trial and failure in which time I lost EVERYTHING when I say everything I mean homeless and I can tell you where the safest places in Rock Creek Park to sleep but I digress. ..Currently I am not working I found SD when I had 7 months and I spend a lot of time here not only am I constantly reaffirming my own sobriety but it's also kind of an amends for all the people that were talking to the brick wall that was Sarah. I try to find any way that I can spare anyone one less day in the hell I was locked in. Some of the best advice i can give is to get really close to everyone here squeaky wheel gets the grease if someone wants to PM me daily to just check in or vent I am very happy to be a sounding board. If there is something I don't know I will find out or refer you to who does. So I just urge you to stay really active here we are lucky that this is a really active sub that is stuffed full of really smart people with big hearts that just want to help you avoid what we went through. ..Check in check often! 
you deserve peace of mind/body/soul&lt;3you can absolutely 100% without a doubt do this. I enjoyed your words hope to see some again.
Good for you /u/UnlikelyExplanations for getting right back at this.  Alcoholism is largely a mental disorder an obsessive-compulsive disorder which we can entirely arrest by stopping drinking and recovering.  When we do all sorts of good things happen including having sufficient presence of mind and energy to tackle LIFE.
Take a deep breath and put not drinking first. ..I remember being so scared of the bills I stopped checking the mail. ..For two months. ..Surprisingly my strategy of 'ignore them until they go away' left a little to be desired... And taxes? Pshaw. I hadn't done taxes from 2009. ..It takes a while so be extra kind to yourself please. 
&gt; then a slip up because I got too confident..This is so me. I am queen of quitting for a little while and then thinking everything's ok and look I can quit and that means I don't have a problem so I'm gonna spend the next 3 days in bottles of wine. And then I'm right back where I started...Congrats on coming back to recovery though and not letting a slip up take your eyes off the road completely. It happens you know what's up and today all you gotta do is not drink...This sub is a lifesaver for me there's a lot of great people and combined so many decades of experience to learn from.
"My energy levels are up the day is brighter and oh fuck now I must tackle all those unanswered emails unopened bills unpaid taxes...."..Great to hear. Just take it one thing one day at a time. My favourite saying is "How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time."..Good luck!
This is exactly my story. Five years of drinking until drunk after work  watching Netflix passing out. Feeling shitty the next day working poorly waiting of that drink. Lather rinse repeat. Depressed. Always tired. And I just couldn't figure out where all my time and money was going...I also quit. Felt great confident and relapsed for six months. That six months made me realize how much of my life has slipped away...Two weeks in I'm going to bed at 10. Watching a movie is an *event*. I'm waking up early to *write* before work. And finally looking forward to living and actually living!..Congrats on breaking that cycle. It's tough.
I thought you were going to talk about the first time you made a solid crap...It took me almost a year to stop having diarrhea and for my liver to stop sloughing off dead blood. I lost 100 lbs the first year I stopped drinking. 
