-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ab86p/first_day_would_love_support/

Hey everyone! So I'm basically here on a whim. I drank last night not too much but when I woke up early as I always do after drinking it got me thinking about my goals in life and the way I am managing myself. I have never been an alcoholic (21) but one of my parents has been a heavy drinker and has relied on alcohol to get him through tough emotional situations. I realised that I think I am doing the same - I am in the middle of doing my thesis and my 29 year old cousin passed away this year (it was awful unintentional sudden death in front of his new wife in in another country). ..I'm one of those people who really struggles to just stop after a couple of drinks and I have gotten drunk to the point of blacking out (in fact I did so recently the night before an important meeting - I made the meeting and didn't stuff anything up but still that's not the person I want to grow up to be)...Also while I'm not overweight I do have about 3kg I have stacked on which I would really like to lose which can be tributed in no small part to my growing drinking habits (and the subsequent pigging out that comes with it). I used to drink probably once a month then once a week and now I do so a couple of times a week although always with friends. Either way even typing this right now has me realising how bad things have gotten. Honestly this is one of those things that I feel I really need to nip in the bud I wanna stop drinking entirely for a while so I can learn (slowly) how to drink like a normal person...So sorry for how long this is I guess I'm writing this so that I feel accountable. I don't want to give up on this idea. I'll be happy to hear any words of encouragement or support or wisdom that you guys are willing to offer.
----------immediate responses--------

You have my support I can really appreciate an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Let us know how to best help you!
Keep at it man!
Welcome /u/Plaguerat18 to r/stopdrinking--why don't you take the alcohol assessment quiz on the sidebar and consider doing the 30-day challenge?  Stop all drinking for 30 days and reassess continuing to include alcohol in your lifestyle.  Good luck and let us know if you need anything else.
Hello and welcome. You have an interesting style of writing. I like it. Your decision is a good one. If there is a family history of alcohol abuse and you are showing signs of lack of control sometimes it puts you at risk for the disease of alcoholism. Don't drink today for thirty days /u/Plaguerat18/ and see how you feel then. I wish you the best.  
Welcome and thanks for posting. It's a tough road to embark upon but it is worth it /u/Plaguerat18. Keep us updated with how its going if you like you can do this.
