-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2adwsq/does_anyone_else_do_this_i_have_a_bullshit/

Yes I try to help other people who are struggling in some way. ..But when I get BS back repeatedly or I see someone tie everyone in the chat in knots because they are bending over backwards offering help and BS is all that's coming back I just decide this is not my issue never was it's going nowhere and I have reached my BullShit tolerance for the day and check out. ..I have a hard time defining what is my problem and what is not but my BS meter is getting more fine-tuned each day.  For me that is essential so I do not become enmeshed and submerged in other peoples' drama. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's important to have personal boundaries. It sounds like you are defining yours. Dealing with alcoholic denial is frustrating to say the least. It's a wise person who knows where to draw the line. Thanks for your post.
[deleted]
So it's not necessarily exactly what you're referencing but it made me think of a zen koan I recite pretty much daily. Not my duck not my bottle. It's a shortcut to saying "I'm washing my hands of this I'm out not my battle not my responsibility."..Here's the long story:..Cake_or_radish went to the Dali Lama in search of enlightenment. The Dali Lama sent her on a journey" Climb to the top of that mountain in the distance. At the peak you will find a cabin in that cabin you will find a bottle and in that bottle you will find a duck. Get the duck out of the bottle without harming the duck or the bottle and you will find enlightenment. I will come to visit you in a week!"..Cake_or_radish set off on her search. Indeed she made it to the top of the mountain and found a cabin with a bottle in it with a duck inside. But how to get the duck out was puzzling to say the least...A few days of frustration turned into a few more days of maddening torture and by the end of one week Cake_or_radish was losing her grip on reality...The Dali Lama stopped by and noticed the duck was still in the bottle. "I will give you another week. Then I will come to check on you" he informed the struggling woman...But a week later poor Cake_or_radish was almost completely insane. A seemingly impossible puzzle sitting and quacking at her and no answer remotely in sight. The duck was still in the bottle and she was about ready to chug a gallon of vodka...The Dali Lama stopped by saw Cake_or_radish`s situation and gave her one more week...When the Dali Lama returned the end of the third week Cake_or_radish was sitting outside whistling petting a cat and drinking some tea. She was as peaceful and content as she could be...The Dali Lama noticed the duck was sitting by her side still inside the bottle so he asked Cake_or_radish what she had learned...Cake_or_radish looked him in the eye and replied" Not my duck not my bottle.".
I do t think I understand the context. Is it in the case of trying to help someone with a specific issue asking for your guidance? 
I call those people in my life the "Yeah...no." People...Yeaaaaaah...no.
Gotcha! I only have a little over 7 weeks left of claiming brain death due to pregnancy......So yeah this happens to me a lot even when I was a pretty shitty drunk I still have been a sounding board for people. Even my kid would tell his friends if they didn't feel comfortable talking to their parents to talk to me...and they did.  I have a very no bullshit policy. I frequently tell people here that are very new that honesty is really important if for no other reason than the fact that alcoholics are masters of manipulation and lying and we smell it a mile away and will call you out on it. ..I see what you are saying I call it as I see it I don't sugar coat anything doesn't help. I also remember my former self and when I see it I take the approach I wish others had with me. Can't tell you how many times I get this as a response to my comment "harsh but fair". What you do after makes no difference to me it's not my sobriety on the line. I'm not going to talk someone into staying you will stay when you want it bad enough. 
I agree that a line needs to be drawn at some point particularly if somebody's bullshit is starting to influence ones sobriety. But I've been a bullshitting drunk and honestly I was incapable of doing a better job than I was. I try to meet people where they are wherever they are with the understanding that a lot if times I'm just going to get through. Get involved in their drama? No way. But offer a model and counsel based on experience? Even when they break my heart...Edit: erp that should be just NOT going to get through. Phones are not for typing I think.
"There isn't any night fishing in Okinawa.".http://www.townsendpress.net/class/exercises/assignment/31/2957
You are wise beyond your days...Most newer folks are keen to entertain bullshit stories.  It's more noticeable in IRC where the conversation is more interactive. When we ask drunk people to not speak in IRC it's always the newer folks who pipe up &amp; opine that they feel the rule is a bad rule.  They imagine that everyone out there who asks for help is ready &amp; willing to quit.  That's just not the reality of the situation.  People spend *years* talking about how they should quit or how they want to quit before they have any intention of quitting.  As these newer folks stay sober for longer and gain more experience with helping others they start to understand why that rule exists.  ..If I see someone ask for help but then counter all offered help with excuses as to why it won't work for them I disengage. I think it's a waste of my time because I don't think that person is ready to quit. I think they're in that stage where they talk about quitting for years and years before actually making a change.  ..That's not to say I'm always right.  I'm sure I'm not I'm only saying that for me I don't enjoy being a participant in those conversations.  If others want to spend their time talking with that person they're free to do so.  But honestly it doesn't take most people more than a few episodes like that for them to also conclude that engaging in conversations like that is a whole lot of frustration for very little chance of that effort paying off...You're under no obligation to help everyone.  Or anyone really.  But if you do choose to help people you don't have to help all comers. You are not a public utility.  If engaging in conversations with people who you feel are talking bullshit upsets or frustrates you don't do it.  It is very easy to get swept into another person's emotional roller coaster if you're not careful.  I've seen a lot of people disillusioned &amp; burned out by the constant stream of newbies that come through here.  SD is a place for newbies so it's not going to stop.  That's just what we do.    You've gotta be careful to not let it get to you. You've got to pick your interactions wisely.
Great post and comments.  ..Me I try to stay out of the weeds while still sowing seeds. Surprisingly some seeds take root in the strangest places. 
yes
