-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2aluir/on_day_threedodged_a_bullet_or_caught_one_either/

Hi all. 28 year old guy here. Been a drinking through my twenties although I was pretty moderate until four years ago. I don't even know why but I started drinking heavily. Every day (or other) on and off. This year marked a series of quitting stints and relapses. After feeling generally sick as fuck as weird I quit in March. Reason being was mostly worries about my liver. Well that lasted until mid April when I went in for liver tests and was given the all-clear. Went back to drinking started moderate and ended up full-blown bender mode until June...Well I quit again after having weird shakes that would only dissipate when I had a drink (or six) and worried excessively about liver damage once again and a trip to the hospital with withdrawal and crazy head pressure. Again battery of tests and given the all-clear. And of course went back to drinking...Worries about liver came back and after some odd bloodwork finally came back and 'spider nevi' on my chest that an internist picked up I had an epiphany: **I am causing this shit.** By drinking I am fueling my worries about damaging an organ in my body...I'm done. For life. That's it. I'm going in for a Fibroscan (that I need to get on my own because my doctor said two ultrasounds is enough and to stop panicking over shit) just to ease my worries but I am truly done with this. Not even with health as my primary concern but my fucking sanity. Why am I poisoning myself then waking up paranoid about what the poison has done to my body?..Anyway I'd like to introduce myself to all you fine folks here. I have absolutely no desire to ever drink again. If these results come back fine I am treating this as a new lease on life and look forward to maintaining sobriety. And if they come back too late well it's better than if I poison myself anyway..
----------immediate responses--------

Smart move...welcome to SD! Great place to be with great people. So what's the plan? How can we help you best? I like what you said about a new lease on life I was alive before August 29th 2013 but certainly wasn't living. 
Hello and welcome. Looks like you know deep down that what you're doing is bad for your body regardless of what some test says. Congrats on making this decision now rather than waiting for severe damage to be done. 
27 year old here. Although my length of (binge) drinking hasn't been as long as yours and I have been in good health otherwise that stuff you said always creeps into my mind from time to time. I eat healthy 95% percent of the time and exercise about 5 - 6 days a week. I think I'm overall healthy and haven't noticed anything serious in regards to head issues shakes or liver problems BUT there's always a chance. Actually I think that probably the only reason why I haven't had anything serious happen to me is because of the exercise and diet (other than the booze). And that's why I'm stopping. We're pretty young but we can always prevent these things from happening through the decisions we make. You hit the nail on the head. We are causing this shit. The best thing about it is that alcohol isn't controlling you you control it. And once you choose to stop there's nothing alcohol can do. Yes YOU can choose to introduce alcohol again but in itself alcohol can do nothing once you decide to control it. 
I had spider nevi on my chest a year ago. Cleared up once I quit. Not everything is absolute liver failure my friend. Give that organ some credit - chances are it'll heal. ..congrats on quitting. Everything will only suck for about three months. After that enjoy the best feeling of your life.
