-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2amh5h/hi_i_need_more_help_please_did_you_quit_cold/

I've been trying cold turkey for about a month off and on and I will go a few days then relapse. Can you please share with me especially those that had success in gradually decreasing to quit to stave off as many withdrawals as possible...I average about a 12 pack a night very quickly to get drunk usually on an empty stomach in under 2.5 hours between 10p and 12:30a when I do not have to be accountable to anyone...Last night I had too much (one is too much) about a case feel horrid today about my binging did not sleep last night and just had two beers to see if that would "just take the edge off" which it has. **I will not drink anymore tonight** its 8:15pm EDT and with no sleep last night my plan is to go to bed by 11pm EDT. I don't know if I can do this cold turkey. ..I quit for 18 months once but started again. I feel so ashamed that I have to make this post and that I have let myself down by going back to my old behaviors...Thank you...Jim
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I went cold turkey. If you can go a few days before relapsing consider this. Physical withdrawals tend to only last about 3-4 days. If you can get past that hump it's all psychological after that. (Not to say that it's easier it's just a different ballgame at that point.)
Cold turkey no other way for me.
Cold turkey here.  I didn't drink as much as you though I just had a habit of always drinking more than I meant to and then being a massive prick...Maybe wait for someone to weigh in about the withdrawal potential for someone in your boat?..When you quit before for 18 months was that cold turkey?
Cold turkey.  The only way to go IMHO.  That tapering shit is nothing but a logistical mindfuck.
I tapered down to 6 then went cold turkey. I wouldn't do it that way again. The sheer willpower and alcoholic math involved were exhausting. I would be another month sober if I had just quit instead of screwing around with tapering.
I quit cold turkey and I was a very similar drinker as you a lot over a short period of time in the evenings to get drunk and pass out for bed. ..Is your current home life situation causing additional anxiety that your using alcohol to deal with? When I quit I realized that I was using alcohol to deal with stress and anxiety. My first couple of weeks felt like an emotional roller coaster. Do you have a support plan to help you get through the cravings or to make sure you don't end up following your old routines (i.e. mindlessly walking into the beer store after work to pick up a 12 pack)? For me something as simple as making sure I read SD in the mornings and evenings helped me focus more on my sobriety. 
I'm doing cold turkey right now. 20 days tomorrow. At some point you are going to be going without it so why not today.
Just made a similar comment in another post but I wanted to put in my 2 cents.  While I agree with everyone that quitting cold turkey is the simplest way to go and that tapering can lead you into a no-man's land of alcoholic math (great term shakythrow) I tapered.  I tapered for a specific reason: I wasn't actually ready to admit to myself that I wanted to quit completely.  For me it was much easier to say I wanted to cut down so I cut down.  It took me about a month -- I cut down to 2 drinks/day and then 1 drink/day.  The first day I went without a drink at all I couldn't believe it and I didn't tell anyone about it.  I waited until I had some time under my belt before telling anyone because I really didn't know I had it in me to quit completely.  So I guess my point is whatever you need to do to convince yourself that you're ready to quit for real again is what you need to do.  
With the wise advice of a counselor I quit under medical supervision. I was drinking 24/7 to keep from going into withdrawal. Medication made it possible to detox safely. It protected me from seizures lessened symptoms and made it easier to stop. At the time I did not understand the possible dangers entailed with detox from alcohol. I have learned from personal experience in my professional life that alcohol withdrawal should be handled with respect and medical knowledge. I am not even talking about the ultimate which is DT's and possible death. That is rare. But seizures are more common. These can result in head injuries and broken bones from falls and/or brain damage...Under the circumstances please meet with a doctor. Be honest about how much you drink  so an accurate assessment of your detox needs can be made. Modern medicine makes it easier to stop. Why put yourself at risk when there is help available? 
I quit cold turkey very glad I did so although the first week or so was absolutely awful.
[deleted]
Don't feel ashamed
I quit cold turkey.  I tried to moderate or taper down but I always ended up binge drinking.  Eventually I realized that one drink was too many and 1000 wasn't enough.  I've had two major relapses in the past 18 months but I've been sober almost every day during that time period...I used to drink 6-10 beers at least five nights a week.  When I quit I didn't experience any of the physical withdrawal symptoms that some heavy drinkers experience.  Speak with a doctor if you're not sure if it's safe to go totally sober all at once.  But if it is indeed safe I think that's the best method to stop drinking.
Quit smoking and drinking cold turkey. It was an  interesting first few days but I look back on it fondly now. 
I was killing a fifth of whatever whiskey I could afford the nights I drank including the entire week I binge drank out of depression. I'm 5'3" and was 150lbs back then but I could drink men under the table. I decided to quit cold turkey due to getting alcohol poisoning and throwing in the towel of alcoholism. I'm pretty sure that was the reason for my kidney stones the second month of sobriety but they disintegrated so I couldn't collect them for analysis. I do know that when my first month sober rolled around I was struck almost bedridden with illness. I didn't really get the DTs or any other withdrawal symptoms. I still recommend tapering for a healthy solo way to get sober. If you want to go cold turkey properly please go to a detox center. It's really the safest avenue for sobriety.
I quit drinking smoking cigs and smoking weed the same day and never looked back.
Sleeping early is the key for me. For some of us in the addiction phase the night just seems too boring on its own and we have to have a companion. I don't miss drinking at all if I can get into this routine.
Cold turkey.  Done. Finished.
My theory behind a lot of life's pressures and stress is simply closing the gaps. If alcohol is fucking up your life close it out. Don't start weaning yourself off of it like it's heroin. Do the work. Just don't drink cold turkey. Your body will react accordingly and in a week you'll be posting on here about how it's been a whole week! 
