-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2anowb/56_daysa_rough_day_a_worse_night_and_my_first/

Last night was bad.  Going to the baseball game was tough and I really struggled but I made it through sober.  I went to a meeting after the baseball game but even after the meeting my thinking was messed up.  I guess I won't be doing another baseball game any time soon. ..I was/am angry...very very angry that I have to "go through this" mess of stopping drinking entirely.  I was surrounded by so many people at the baseball game that could enjoy drinks responsibly (in most cases) but I couldn't touch one...and I was sad and upset when I went to bed...So my brain got even with me I guess...I had a very vivid dream.  In my dream I woke up in the next state (about 2 hours away) with my purse phone and wallet and nothing else.  I had no idea how I got there no memory of drinking the night before but knowing that is probably what happened.  I was freaked.  I called my husband and family trying to get someone to come pick me up.  No one answered.  Eventually (a few days I guess?) I got home to discover my family wouldn't talk to me and my husband moved all of his stuff out of our house.  ..I woke up this morning exhausted. I'm more tired now than I was when I went to sleep.  Now I know what you guys mean by drinking dreams and I don't ever want that again. Yuck.  ..Now I'm fantasizing about taking today off of work....not going to happen but man I want a nap.  ..60 days is coming up on Friday...I'm going to make it. One day at a time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on getting through the test watch out for tests I've known far too many that I flunked in life ; )
[deleted]
&gt; I was/am angry...very very angry that I have to "go through this" mess of stopping drinking entirely. I was surrounded by so many people at the baseball game that could enjoy drinks responsibly (in most cases) but I couldn't touch one...and I was sad and upset when I went to bed...Yes there were probably thousands of people at that game who can "drink responsibly." But there were also hundreds maybe thousands of people at that game who *can't* drink responsibly but who were drinking anyway. Some of whom kept drinking after the game drove home drunk and passed out in an alcoholic stupor and will wake up with a throbbing hangover. Some of whom will start the day with a drink before they even leave the house in the morning and begin the cycle all over again...That wasn't you though and you can be proud of that. So congratulations on 8 weeks!
Good job staying strong that must have been really tough. Drinking dreams do suck don't they but at least they aren't reality and we get to wake up sober and say "thank god that was just a dream." ..60 days! you are right you can do it! one day at a time.
I've definitely felt the anger and frustration over not being able to drink anymore (especially surrounded by others who can).  But then I try to tell or remind myself of the good things I feel because I'm not drinking.  It helps most of the time.  Otherwise I'll just remove myself from the situation.  Great job nonny!  We're cheering for you!
Congrats on 60 days I'm right there with you let's make it happen one day at a time! 
60 days was when it started really getting tough for me.  I was so fucking angry all the time.  Dropping a glass would have me punching a wall....That was a huge test that you passed with flying colors.  Well done!!...Regarding taking sick days.  I used to save them for my worst hangover days.  Would never think of using one if I was actually sick....Maybe you should take a personal day and catch up on sleep.  You have certainly earned it and that's what they're for.
