-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2answ9/almost_slipped_up_sd_helped_me_avoid_it_thanks/

Yesterday was just an all around crappy day and without boring you with the mundane issues of my life basically I ended up sitting in a parking lot in my car about to make an hour and a half drive back home...For those of you that know me or have read my past posts: I live in a county that is dry on Sundays. Well this always gave me a (usually) built in day of sobriety back when I was drinking. Yesterday due to some unexpected travel I was on the road and in a county that does sell alcohol on Sundays. On top of that I was alone and had no one to answer to/time I was expected home...In the past unexpected opportunities to drink used to be pretty much a guarantee that I would be picking up at least a six pack which would probably lead to more. Well this opportunity on top of the generally crappy weekend I was having really put me in a tight place yesterday afternoon...So I decided that before I made any rash decisions I would open up the /r/stopdrinking thread and read a few posts. Well I ended up reading for about 30 minutes and by the time I was done reading both success stories/newcomers/relapses I was able to remember my promise to myself to stop drinking for good. I drove as fast as I could to the county line (to get away from access) and stopped for a soda and some beef jerky... It was a small victory but even if that is the only positive thing I took from the weekend it was worth it!..I just wanted to say thanks to all of you that post every story inspires or touches someone different. Also to those of you that may be new please come back and read/post. It has made a huge difference in my sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

I loved this.  It reminds me of growing up in the late 1950s and 60s when county lines were still pretty significant and the idea that you had dry and wet counties meant something to me.  So you get to mark progress in sobriety when you actually no longer care what county you are in on Sundays!  Cool.  Congrats on almost 2 weeks!
Hell yes. That's exactly what this subreddit is for. You'll have two weeks tomorrow and that's huge. Keep up the great work. ..&gt;I just wanted to say thanks to all of you that post every story inspires or touches someone different. Also to those of you that may be new please come back and read/post. It has made a huge difference in my sobriety...We recommend a daily dose of SD. The more you read the more it sticks. 
Thats not a small victory thats an awesome victory! Good for you /u/approx_normal
It was a **BiG** victory!         .Your story reminds me of growing up in Iowa with strict liquor laws. Don't know what it's like now.
Great job!  That's really something to be proud of!
That is awesome! It takes a lot of "small" victories to add up to a big one!
Nicely done!..It's strange how easy it is to forget why we quit drinking. Reading this subreddit really brings it all back for me too - I did the same thing as you this weekend reading SD before heading to a potentially tempting situation and it helped me out as well...I'm sure your post will help somebody out too even if they don't reply. :).
Nice work and thanks for sharing
Congrats! This is such a good thing to read! Sometimes I get caught up in my own head and think about/read posts on this community and remind myself that I don't want to climb from 0-60 again--I wanna go UP! ..Little advice: Keep some (healthy) beverages/snacks with you at all times. Sometimes you have a craving because you're hungry angry lonely or tired. HALT is a great way to evaluate why you're craving booze... Looks like lonely may have been part of it for you that day so checking out SD helped you feel a part of something and the stories gave you strength. Now that we have communities 'on the go' on our phones lonely becomes simpler to remedy :) 
My whole state is dry on Sundays. And dude I'm happy for you. That's awesome.
