-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ax5y9/hey_guys_50_days/

And last night I had my first "relapse dream"..I guess it's not that unique I have seen posts about them on here before but it truly was quite frightening I was living in a different house with my gf (like a do now) and my gf was at work and I went out and bought some beers....She got home and I realized I left the bottles out somewhere too late to do anything about it I started panicking just before the poop hit the fan I woke up in bed sober in my house....Although I was relieved it scared the hell out of me and my blood was pulsing pretty hard..What are your experiences with this? I'm about to go to my AA meeting but I thought I'd get your perspective to.
----------immediate responses--------

I've always believed that dreams are just semi-conscious observations of your sub-conscious and up until now the last 50 days have been fairly breezy but I guess there must be more going on internally then perhaps I'm aware of? I don't know..
Whatever consensus I've seen is that they happen they're common but infrequent and they don't seem to have much relation to where people are either in time since their last drink or quality if their sobriety. Take it for what you like but ultimately a dream is just a dream.
Common my last drunk dream I woke with physical symptoms shaking sweating started looking for my empties in usual hiding places...that was on a Monday......bad way to start the week!
Dreams of vodka. Waking up feeling guilty and remorseful followed soon by feelings of relief and strength. 
Man I hate these so much. I've been having them the last week or so it was always the same kind of thing. In the dream I would be drinking and then there would be fear that I relapsed stress that I'm going to get caught anxiety that I'm a failure and I would wake up feeling like it had actually happened and here I was at square one again. No fun...A couple of days ago was the first one where I turned down a drink. In the other ones I was already drunk or it wasn't even a question whether or not I would drink because obviously I would (like life I suppose) but this one I made a choice not to inside the dream. ..I'm certainly no expert but I think it's my brain processing my anxieties about quitting my fears of going back to the way things were and trying to come to grips with the fact that things really are different now.
I think they're a good sign because dreams reflect what you're struggling with and drinking dreams show how resolved you are to stay sober.  Doesn't mean they're fun though...
