-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2axv1i/ive_not_relapsed_but_im_going_to_start_back_at/

I went to an AA meeting today and I asked them for their help on the steps so come Friday I'm going back to the start with step 1...But I was just listening to Clancy I. If you don't know who he is he's a very funny very smart AA speaker just Google him I'm sure you'll quickly get a link to a good speech and I thought this little bit was interesting...."insanity is defined like this: when the mind is under such intense conflict irremediable conflict irresolvable conflict that it can't stand it sometimes to maintain it's nurol integrity it will resolve itself my making portions of reality look different then they are that is called psychosis psychosis is when you see things differently then other people see them or interpret them and it resolves that terrible conflict people who drink alcohol almost never become psychotic because when it gets bad enough long enough we drink and it alters our perception of reality we have the ability to induce temporary psychosis it almost immediately changes our perception of the world" .-Clancy I....
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I have redone my step 1 - 4 4 times now. I convinced myself that I am so much clearer and honest than I was and I should re do it with my new found honesty levels...After my relapse I have been thinking about that a lot. I have realized that once again I am conning myself. The truth is that I am completely freaked out by step 5. I have to come clean to another human being and that stops me in my tracks. ..I admitted as much to my sponsor on Tuesday evening and he has told me not to re do anything after the relapse. We are going to force the issue on Saturday over a cup of coffee. . 
Honest is hard work especially for alcoholics.  I heard a speaker Sunday talk about revisiting step 4 regularly.  I think it is ok.  I think it might even be better than ok; my sponsor has been going back through the steps will sponsoring me.
I redo Steps 1-3 every morning for exactly this reason.  To alter my perception and align it with actual reality.
I like the clear and concise explanation of alcoholic insanity. The first time insanity is discussed in the big book is in the doctors opinion but it gives only the definition. Most people don't recognize what it is talking about because they are stuck on some bullshit definition they believe without questioning it..."The sensation is so elusive that while they admit it is injurious they cannot after a time differentiate the true from the false. To them their alcoholic life seems the only normal one." ..Alcoholic insanity is the inability to differentiate the true from the false. OP's quote is a great elaboration on this sentiment and how it looks in an alcoholic. 
just remember that do proceed with the steps the first step must be done 100%. If there are any reservations at all then you are not ready to move on.
