-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2b3o66/doing_the_work/

"Gotta do the work" .."Work it because your worth it" .."Work the steps like your life depends on it because it absolutely does"..I have stopped doing the work. This is my promise to pick it back up again. I got so caught up in my pink cloud in my rosy comfort that I have left my AA 4th step for 4 weeks on my desk without touching it. Sometimes I'll bring it someplace with me but I won't write anything. ..I wonder if it's the "moral inventory" part that has me resisting. Or the fact that I ended up having more resentments than I thought possible for a girl of 22 years of age. I mean it's freaking huge. Anyways something is blocking me but I need to practice what I preach. So I guess this is me posting for accountability. I can't become content can't let myself soak in the pink cloud and put myself in danger of relapse. I need to develop my tools. ..Bah. 
----------immediate responses--------

If you read about the steps in the 12x12 you'll see that the fourth step includes an inventory of personal assets/positives also. A searching and fearless moral inventory doesn't just include negatives such as resentments. That would not be "searching and fearless". ..Do your fourth step in sections. Do you have a format or a worksheet? Set a time to work on it and then leave it for awhile. It can get overwhelming but it also isn't wise to ruminate too much. If you have a lot of resentments it tells me that you've been hurt a great deal and often feel taken advantage of. You can learn to be more assertive and you will as you move through the steps. It they stir up too much emotional rubbish a counselor is a good resource. I know it helped me to have a professional to talk with. ..What I did was to just "dump" stuff on the paper. There's no rule that you have to share everything so maybe that's stopping you. Just be honest with yourself. ..Take care and get back to work. Hope this helps a little.
people going out on their 4th step is actually extremely common (or so ive gathered in rehab/the rooms) it's hard as fuck to look at ourselves...but good job telling on yourself. call your sponsor and make the same accountability pledge!
That 4th step is a rough one for a lot of people.  I had no problem with 4.  But fear of 5 kept me working on 4 as long as I could.  I wonder if that's what's holding you back.  Yes it's hard to look at ourselves.  It can be harder though if we're projecting into five and worried about how our sponsor (or whoever we tell) is going to react...One thing that made that easier for me:  if it has a name that means someone did it before you did.  You are not unique.  :-).
OK you know we did the 4th Step in the [Big Book Study Series last Wednesday](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=big+book+study+series&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all) and this morning we have the 5th 6th and 7th Steps covered.  
