-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2b7dp1/hey_everyone_im_back_todays_post_im_sober_sorry/

OK.  So here is my situation.  I'm a very successful guy in life on paper.  I have an awesome job my own house excellent bosses amazing gf best family ever etc.  The thing is my drinking has given me many problems.  I've been to the ER detox and jail.  I've almost died.  I should have been fired for being drunk at work.  I destroyed a few relationships.  ..My lifestyle just bounces from good to terrible because of booze...There were a few times in life where I wanted to stop 100%.  I've been through in patient treatment met with people who are sober and have a sponsor...Unfortunately I haven't been able to hold on to that.  I feel much better after never drinking.  My mind is clear my stomach isn't destroyed and I have more energy...I always regret drinking.  I never used to but now I do.  Im selfish.  I'm an asshole.  I'm not the guy I should be in life because of this...I don't know how to maintain the thinking of quitting forever.  I can for about 5 days tops...That's it...I'm very glad I found this sub because you all give me hope that things get better.  I read many posts here SNF get jealous of people doing what I haven't....So guys everybody I know wants me to stop.  They aren't wrong.  I just haven't convinced myself it's that bad.  Even though it really is.  How do I finally get to the point of forever and not temporarily wanting to give this up?  Thanks for all your messages.  I truly appreciate your help because I'm struggling. 
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong avoid the usual temptations and realize you are not alone in your struggles. 
[deleted]
Maybe it's this:..&gt; When it gets more difficult to suffer than to change;                                    .You will change.
&gt; I don't know how to maintain the thinking of quitting forever. I can for about 5 days tops...Don't even try to do this.  I quit for 24 hours at a time.  ..Every morning I make a conscious deliberate and daily decision not to drink all day no matter what happens good or bad.  That's it.  I go to bed sober...Tomorrow I repeat...Add in a recovery program (AA meetings for me) and I have a plan for living.
As someone with a not too dissimilar background take it from me it's worth it. 
I was successful on paper. Inside I felt completely empty.. just full of pain...Don't worry about forever. Just don't drink today. Wake up repeat.
&gt; I just haven't convinced myself it's that bad. ..[You could try this to convince yourself](http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/library/Tools_and_Homework/Quick_Reference/cba_fourquestions.htm). ..&gt; How do I finally get to the point of forever and not temporarily wanting to give this up? ..Thing is you doing have to wrap your brain around forever right now. All you have to do is not drink today rinse and repeat tomorrow. Maybe someday forever will take hold in your psyche but it's not necessary in order to stay sober today. 
Welcome to /r/stopdrinking /u/Not_MEEHAN!..It looks like you are wanting to make a change and that's a good thing...While not drinking can seem daunting...my best advice is: Don' over think it. Don' get wrapped around the axle with "Forever" and "Never drink again"...just take this one hour at a time. Then once you've got that under control...take it one day at a time. Etc...You should also look for a real-life support group...AA SMART etc. That will get you connected with folks in the same position you are in...Of course this sub is great too! Welcome to it!..
Don't be sorry for the drunk post...SAVE IT use it as a relapse prevention took to see where you are headed and far you have come.
Welcome back and kudos to you for taking the advice of people on this sub and sobering up and returning.  You should be very proud of yourself...Here is the first thing that comes to mind when I read your post:  rethink your definition of success.  Why?  Successful people "on paper" don't end up in the ER detox and jails due to alcohol abuse.  All of those things add to your "on paper" life as well as your non-paper life...This may sound like I am nitpicking your words but I am not.  You see I have found that one of the most significant barriers to recovery for people like me/us is this need to convince ourselves we are unique.  The sooner you accept the reality of your problems with alcohol the sooner you can start working on long term sobriety.  I have found that as soon as I accepted that I am just an alcoholic who will never be able to drink again I was able not waste precious brain energy worrying about future drinking...&gt;So guys everybody I know wants me to stop. They aren't wrong. I just haven't convinced myself it's that bad...I really admire your honesty.  I can tell you that you are going to deal with this disease of alcoholism one way or another.  It could be by dying a slow painful alcoholic death with all of the additional physical problems that go with it; it could be by becoming severely emotionally depressed and psychologically compromised as a result of your alcohol abuse; it could be by hurting people you love; it could be by landing yourself in jail; it could be by a combination of all of the above; or it could be by accepting exactly who you are and start taking proactive positive steps to deal with it...Today is a great start for you.  However please remember that the jails hospitals psych wards and homeless shelters are filled with people who have made great starts.  Good luck my friend!..Keep coming back and asking questions.  We as a community stand ready to help and support you (and everyone else who comes here)..
It doesn't matter how successful you are on paper. Some of the happiest people on the planet live in poverty. It doesn't matter how successful you are on paper. I'm glad that your life is in order and that you have lots of things to be appreciative of but you shouldn't use any of that stuff to justify your addiction. ..Think of it this way: There are people who drink because they feel that they have NOTHING in life. They drink because they know that they have absolutely nothing to lose. Even the worst possible outcome of drinking excessively doesn't scare them because they are already at rock bottom. ..You're drinking with everything to lose. You can either stop now while you'er still "good on paper" or wait until you've lost it all. Either way quitting is going to be rough. Might as well do it while you still have a reason(s) to get out of bed in the morning. 
Hey there haven't posted for a bit but haven't picked up a drink for a bit now and feel great about it. I just wanted to share what worked for me. I think there's a lot of wisdom in just worrying about 24-hour chunks. For me though I'd do that a few 24 hour chunks at a time figure I had things under control and celebrate with a drink. ..For me and and your mileage may very well vary but when I decided to give myself a whole month off it made me approach things a little differently for whatever reason that was a very good length of time to think about. It's long enough to really get a taste of sobriety but wasn't so long that I had to deal with the scary thought of "never" drinking again. So for whatever it's worth I liked my 30 days so much I've kept going. ..And yes some days (fairly recently actually) I had to tell myself that maybe I'd drink tomorrow but not today. The 30-day goal was good for me on a lot of levels--haven't posted here for a bit (but I quite often lurk) but your post inspired me to pipe up. So welcome and don't sweat the other post at all. I didn't see it and honestly what I love about this sub is that people don't care about what you did yesterday but what you're doing today.
