-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bace3/feels_like_ive_been_in_the_trenches_a_long_time/

I keep doing the recovery/relapse loop.  I have no one in my life to talk to about it I've never done AA I've always just attempted it cold turkey every time.  ..I know there's a meeting right around the corner from me.  I've looked into it.  I just can't seem to reconcile my community reputation with who I may see at the meeting.  What if someone reveals my darkest secret? What if someone I know tangentially unearths all the shit I've been hiding?  ..Above all when I quit I'm not myself.  I'm supposed to manage a major retail outlet . Doing this while going through serious physical and mental withdrawal is... improbable.  I don't know what to do.  ..I want to stop.  I really do.  I just don't think it's realistic.  Even as I feel myself losing grasp of my memories and general mental faculties. I don't know what to do.  ..Advice?..Edit: My badge should read 0 days.  I've put in for the change.  
----------immediate responses--------

/u/lurking_man -- so many times the answers to our biggest life questions are built right into the questions themselves:  "I have no one in my life to talk to about it I've never done AA I've always just attempted it cold turkey every time[?]".  As you no doubt have seen hundreds of times if you've been lurking around here for the last year this is what I did and what works for me:  ..1. Every day at that moment when I first got up--when my eyes pop open--I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL that I incorporate into every morning when I wake up.  Suggestion #1: create a morning ritual to remind you that you made a decision not to drink TODAY...2. I go to AA meetings and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because the man I asked to be my sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. Suggestion #2: Start going to recovery meetings!..3. Tomorrow repeat.  Suggestion #3: Consistent persistent sober daily actions change everything...The key in my early days sober was just getting to bed without any alcohol. Toughing it out as you know already...Nowadays commenting and posting on this sub is a huge part of how I stay sober since it serves the purpose of being accountable but you know that too...Good luck.
First off man you have to take the first steps. You have to do the things that will make you healthy. ..I used to think the same thing- that if I got sober people would know I had a problem. Well everyone pretty much already did. In fact getting sober made my relationships better! With minimal work!..You will run across uneducated people that will treat you a little differently but as the saying goes "Those that matter don't mind and those that mind don't matter". With people that I thought it would have effected our relationship the most- it has actually made it better...&gt; Above all when I quit I'm not myself...For me it was because I was never sober! In fact the only time I was sober I was getting over a hangover. No one is themselves when they are sick. When I got sober it was around day 60 that my great personality came back. Yeah that's right I said it- great...As for work getting sober is sometimes looked at as a medical condition. Do you have a well enough relationship with your employer to tell them what you are doing? If so- take 2 weeks medical leave. If you are a manager you should get either vacation pay or sick pay. I got very lucky in that the first 2 weeks of my sobriety I was not working. Your mind is a pile of mush and all over the place. Try to take those weeks off...Lastly your old badge says 420 days. That means 420 days you were sick of the same old shit. Then you went another year + doing it. How much longer do you want to go like that? 420 days from now you could be celebrating that badge. ..You can do it man. Unfortunately it gets harder before it gets easier. Get through the tough shit and you'll see the opportunities that can make your life better!
AA is full of responsible "important " people.  And in the end as secret as I thought my drinking was the recycling collection truck broadcast my history with a painful crash once a week.  There were other public aspects too.....Your secrets will kill you.  The fact that you are not drinking is not a negative thing.  The fact that you are taking steps to do something about it is positive.  ..I could not do it without AA I tried your path I tried therapy I tried control drinking weed and in the end I ended up in a church basement and found myself at home for the first time.  I found people who understood me people who shared my past stupidity and who had put the shame behind them...You are at a point of not having much choice - functional is an illusion. you will not be able to do your job well if you keep on drinking  My metaphor for this is it is like you are stuck in second gear......Try AA try other meetings - they do vary in tone and substance understand the shame is in not doing anything about it... 
I'm all over the place right now.  Thank you guys for responding it really does mean a lot to me.  You guys are fucking kings.  I'll figure this shit out eventually.
&gt;I just can't seem to reconcile my community reputation with who I may see at the meeting. ..I don't care if you are Ghandi you are not nearly as loved in your community as you think you are....nor are you nearly as disliked as you think you are.  You are just....you.  How do I know this?  Because I spent years doing that internal dance in my head about my reputation and what would people think of me if I went to an AA meeting...Turns out the people who truly matter in my life think far more of me now that I have gone to several hundred of them over the years.  You asked for advice so here goes:..Drop your ego and your misguided sense of what is important in your life.  Nothing...I mean NOTHING...is as important right now as you recovering from alcoholism.  You may think you are functioning but you are just slowly dying and if you have loved ones you are killing them as well.  Moreover if you have children (or plan to have them) you are fucking up their lives as well.  So focus everything you have on getting help.....NOW.  What did you write in one of your replies posted here:..&gt; You guys are fucking kings. I'll figure this shit out eventually...Eventually?  Eventually??  In the world of alcoholism and addiction "eventually" means NEVER.  If you don't know what to do (which you say you don't) then stop dancing around with this and put yourself in the hands of someone who knows what they are doing.  Go to a doctor....go to a rehab facility to get you started....go to recovery meetings every single day and check your ego at the door close your mouth and listen.  Try to learn something one thing every day that can help you stay sober that day.  Pretty soon those days will pile up and you will be on the road to changing your life forever.  You can do this....I know this because I did this and no one not one single person here was more hopeless than me!..Good luck.
Just to share from my personal experience AA meetings in my neighborhood are full of people who are important to the community.  University professors business owners engineers social workers school teachers bartenders -- and they're all there for the same (good) reason.  To get and stay sober.  I can promise that if you were in any meeting I've ever attended everyone would welcome you and I'm pretty sure it's true of any meeting in general.  AA is a really freaking cool community.
try AA
