-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bbkb7/im_here_i_guess_thats_something/

I suppose I am a cliche - one of those guys that will say all day long that I don't have a drinking problem that it is under control and that I am not too far gone anyway. I have struggled with addiction in the past (not with alcohol - long story for another day) and I know the signs and this does not feel the same to me...The fact is I drink a lot - almost every night. I am a spirits guy whisky neat. I kill a full rocks glass nightly - five fingers. I am mid-thirties and am blessed (or cursed as it were) with zero hangover fallout. I show no adverse effects. I am not violent I am not mean I don't even really get drunk - just mildly tipsy. But I do it every night...My biggest guilt factor is that I used to be very heavy - nearly 400 lbs. I lost a ton of weight - about 170 lbs with regular diet and exercise. Now the alcohol is causing the weight to inch up again so I feel guilty about that. Plus I tend to hide just how much I am drinking from my wife - only because I am afraid she will start to think I am getting out of control...As I read this it really seems like I am convincing myself. Maybe I am making more of it than it is. I took the assessment test from the sidebar and it said I am an 18 - from the PDF that seems pretty bad but it does not seem to be affecting my life adversely apart from the weight...I am not sure what the purpose of this post is other than to say something that I think I needed to say; to give it voice. Does anybody know what I mean? Any thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

Just curious...and congrats btw for losing such an impressive amount of weight that in and of itself is truly amazing. So anyway...the curiosity were you in denial when you looked at yourself presumably for many years at double your present girth? We all know that obesity carries with it painful emotional scars....I guess what I am asking is do you see some parallels with that struggle to overcome your current struggle? I would think that some of the the changes you made then could be applied now? Of course it isn't the same thing but do you think you have some spare tools that you have successfully used in the past that you could apply now?..Welcome btw!
Hi. Gastric bypass patient here. I was 340 lbs at my heaviest  155 lbs at my lowest post op. 13 years post op and 10 years of drinking later I've put a ton of weigh back on. I went through so much to stop being obese but I beat the surgery with alcohol. I wish I had stopped drinking earlier...this past year was the worst of all as my drinking hit its peak and weight SKYROCKETED.  I am still over a hundred lbs lighter than my heaviest...but I have so much to lose again. Don't do that to yourself. ..If you feel you have a problem and you know it is time for yourself to stop you are in the right place for support.  Don't put it off.  In my case my alcoholism just got worse with time. I wish you health strength and happiness..
Welcome /u/sauce_reduction so my thought is take the 3 min. alcohol assessment on the sidebar and then consider taking the 30-day SOBER Challenge.  Stop drinking for 30 days and then reassess your relationship with booze at the end of that period.  If you have trouble stopping that should cast some light on where you're at.  Here's the other thing keep in touch as you go along on this Sub.  We can provide you with some nuts and bolts for actually stopping. Good luck.  
For me the hiding and trying to seem like I was not drinking so much is what made me know that I had a real problem.  Anyone who truly believes their drinking is normal doesn't bother hiding it.  ..I agree with coolcrosby--try to go without drinking for 30 days and see how it goes.  I know that for me 30 days seemed impossible.  But for my husband--every Lent he gives up alcohol easily.  
