-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bdoyi/soo_i_relapsed/

It is hard for me to understand. But "friends" are not a good influence on me... After many days of sobriety i took it all... cocaine el diablo shots.. Pretty much anything thbe bartender cound offer... and those nights we have are about 300$ often several times a week---  I relapsed and i am so fucking ashamed. I dont know what else to do?! What do healthy normal people do on a day to day basis? What are some healthy alternatives to bad friends and bad (nasty) drinking habits???
----------immediate responses--------

First off: those aren't your friends. Those are corpses that haven't rotted yet and their zombie plague keeps re-infecting you. The next time you find yourself being offered something by a bartender turn 180 degrees and walk until you're out of the bar. Your legs know how to do this. Your anxiety is just your alcohol-trained brain mush it'll learn different things. Tell your friends you've switched to Islam and can't drink or pure land Zen buddhist or that you're a fruititarian or Discordian sober-Pope or Princess Unikitty whatever words you like. Real friends will accept literally any reason and will meet up with you later. The ones that argue with you are trying desperately to protect their egos from realizing that they too are alcoholics. ..Get new sober friends. Go on fucking OK Cupid and tell people you're just looking for friends for non-drinking activities. Get some board game buddies... I'll tell you what I used...* Porn so much porn.* Fleshlight+copious lube+towel+something vibraty (replace the flashlight with a rabbit pearl vibe if you're an innie).* Entire packages of bacon. Seriously look at the calories in your booze..* really big salads to help stretch out my guts again (yay poops).* all the sugary drinks all of them forever.* case after case of San Pellegrino. It sort of tastes like pine tree the way gin did it's expensive and fancy and cheaper than booze.* 4 fucking years of challenging Cognitive Behavioral Therapy.* come here every night read people's posts comment on every. fucking. one. Even if it's just you telling everyone they're an asshole. Make a habit of it and do it..* water so much water.* walking/jogging/running.* music. Pick an instrument literally any one. Get a cheap one and teach yourself the C scale. Congrats! You can now play about a quadrillion songs. Play them. Weep. Repeat. Improvise with the melodic phrases. Congratulations you're a jazz whateverist. I'm a jazz flautist it only took 6 years. .* create - draw or sing or do standup for your cats or walk up to random people on the street and hand them a card that says "MR SMITH YOU'RE IN THE HOSPITAL WAKE UP" (this one is fun).* fuck with people and break their sense of reality. I answer my phone as 'Bobs pizza and pot delivery' and if people are just useless I act as if my boss is yelling at me from far away.* search for little trinkets of some specific variety and ebay 'em for at least a dollar more. Use the money to buy lego..* make a wish list on amazon of the toys you'd prefer to buy with that money. Every week take the money you would have spent on alcohol and spend it on toys. I did this with Steam games shoulda done it with lego..* get a membership at a massage place like massage envy and get in there for a deep tissue/swedish massage every week if you're still drinking. 
Dont be so hard on yourself most people will relapse up to several times before actually stopping. Excersize will help you out alot the first few weeks take one day at a time. Explain to your friends your concern about alcoholism if they are any true friends at all they will understand and support you. I figured out who my friends are and then who my drinking buddies were after I got sober.
Alright /u/Internetpokers -- let's get this going.  You know the answers: make a deliberate decision not to drink TODAY and get to some recovery meetings.  That's what I did that's what I do.
I had it easy a stripper in a third rate titty bar offered to take me to an AA meeting...Do not wait for such a rare cosmic coincidence.  But her advice remains sound.  These days there are alternative meetings in some places  but the bottom line is you gotta change to change.  ..[this](http://i.imgur.com/bLi5z0h)
[deleted]
hmm Do you want to stop drinking and using for good? Are you done?
