-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bffer/first_vacation_since_getting_sober_and_all_i_want/

I'm sitting on the deck at a beachfront house after just walking up from the ocean.  I should be enjoying the weather but am instead chain-smoking and staring at everyone's empty bottles.  It's a family vacation and everyone is/has been extremely supportive and proud of me.  I've been to meetings every day and have had moments of contentment but for the most part i'm struggling.  i'm hating that i'm not 'normal'  and that i can't have that drink w/o consequence.  I hate how i still reach and look for my drink.  I hate that the ocean used to seem magical and healing to me but now just seems like an awful lot of salt water that i really don't care to be around.  i hate that i should be grateful for recovery and a beautiful vacation but all i have is contempt anger and self pity..and i feel completely disconnected and am just regretting my lot in life.  i see my successful siblings with their families and i hate how i've wasted my life and no amount of sobriety can change that.  i feel like i've regressed so much in these last 4 days like the past 5 months of life-changing experiences are from a dream that i can't quite remember.  i'm back to being restless and my reading comprehension is nil so i can't bury myself in my recovery tools.  i know i should call someone but i feel guilty bitching to my friends in recovery about this they have it much tougher than i do.  So thanks for letting me vent/sorry if i sound like a spoiled ingrate.  i think i'm hoping for at least one 'my first vacation sucked also' response.  Or feel free to call me out on my self-pity/self-destructive thinking.  Either way writing this post got me through a craving.  So thanks SD. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Good job on pushing thru the vacation sober.  I couldn't go on my last one because I was too early in sobriety.  Comparing myself to others *always* leads to shit for me it's one reason I recently quit facebook.  In your situation I'd try to find anything I like about the moment day family location weather etc.  Don't feel you should or shouldn't behave a certain way just try hard to find something good and enjoy that sober.  
Maybe some more alone time would help? Maybe you can take some hikes or walks on the beach by yourself or go check out something in town with just one family member who isn't drinking. Or grab a book. ..Try to put aside the self pity and move past it. Being sober isn't easy... but neither is life!.
I recently had my first vacation sober after almost a year. At the beach. Wasn't really tempted to drink but was near tears sometimes too mostly over all that time lost drinking. The beach is for kids and people that want to drink a lot mostly. So I did what kids do swam in the waves rode my bike even had fun flying a kite in the evening!
Resenting others who can drink "normally" (i.e. without consequences) is very normal for people like us. Unfortunately there's no such thing as "justified anger/resentment" for alcoholics. We need to resolve those feelings through working with another person and finding acceptance. ..It took me about 3 years to get to a point where I understood the phrase "I'm a grateful alcoholic" because for a long time I was mad that I'm an alcoholic. Sometimes I still go there. But I talk about it and get it off my chest. ..It helps me to just think about the good things/people that have entered my life since getting sober.
When I'm on vacation I go to AA meetings. This serves several purposes including the most obvious one: it helps keep me grounded and sober.  But I love getting out of the tourist bubble and meeting AAs from other places.  Plus it get's me out of the bubble of lunatics I went on vacation with ;)
I go to AA meetings while on vacation.  It's exciting to meet new people in new places at meetings.  My fondest vacation memories are when I attended meetings in the UK and France.  One of the UK meetings was held in a pub!  The pub owner made a wonderful pub-grub meal for us.
Go home if you can. Don't force yourself to stay in a place that leaves you feeling like this. 
We all have pity parties for ourselves once in a while.  The key is you need to get over it and keep moving forward.  I would love to tell you you're being a spoiled ingrate but I just can't do it.  I'm proud of you for going to meetings while on vacation and pushing through despite the fact that you're feeling miserable.  In situations like this I like to think through what would happen if I was drinking-mostly it would end with me making an ass out of myself and feeling sick. I'd pick unhappy and sober on vacation any day.
One thing that always struck me at the beach is that you could draw a straight line across the ocean from you and probably find someone who is going through and thinking about the exact same things as you...I find that comforting. Maybe you will too?
Thank you all for your comments! I'm feeling a bit more centered; your support and insight are really helpful.  Maybe this ol' alcoholic just needed some validation and a reminder that she needs to focus on acceptance and living life on life's terms.  I've spent the day with my family but had this sub nearby so i could quickly immerse myself in sobriety...reading about others' struggles and accomplishments reminds me that i'm not alone or unique and that things DO get better. And while i rarely post it was pretty darn therapeutic.  AA tomorrow morn at 7:30 and looking forward to it.  Thank you all again. ..
This sounds perfectly normal to me. There's a term I use called Spiritual Detox. It happens when you remove unhealthy habits and all the garbage you kept locked inside starts to bubble up. It's common for people who go on a physical cleanse to feel sick as the toxins get released same idea for the mind. Just keep doing what you've been doing to stay sober. Skim off the garbage that's coming up use the tools you've been learning in meetings  and you'll move through it stronger than before. 
If I weren't divorced I'd be on a "family vacation" right now but hard to imagine I'd have gotten sober if I hadn't gotten divorced. :) But anyway I'm imagining it would be very hard to be in that situation and I'd probably be going out of my mind...I'm glad you posted and I think what you're going through is understandable. Family vacations can be rough for so many other reasons but to go through it newly sober has got to be rough. It's good you found a meeting you can go to while you're away - I hope you find some supportive company there!
All your negative feelings that you express here seem to me based on the way you're describing them like they're arising because you are comparing yourself to others.  Understandable especially since you're surrounded by family right now.  Family can press our buttons even when we get along great with them.  Just remember that EVERYTHING even the shitty way you're feeling right now will pass. 
Wow I went through this exact same thing last time I tried to get sober.  I wasn't in AA or anything though.  Look at the bright side you came here to reach out for support instead of letting it get worse. 
