-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bhsb1/14_months_sober_4_months_not/

With Allen Carrs easy way to control drinking and the support here at SD I was able to go 14 months without even wanting a drink...On March 4th of this year I decided to order a beer and then another and another then a six pack on the way home and a call to my pot dealer and then me puking in the toilet for most of the night.....That spooked me so I stayed away for a few more weeks as I prepared for a speech and continued to go to the gym / build muscle...A week or so after delivering the speech I went to a party and decided to drink. Since late April I have been struggling with my sobriety and my sanity...By mid May I was buying a six pack every morning at 8am. No longer going to gym my muscles have atrophied back to the ectomorphic norm...Yesterday I had three pints at 1pm followed by a double whisky a beer and then a single whiskey at around 4...I'm writing because I need to tell someone that alcohol is out for the rest of the year... I have a hangover from hell right now...Crushing headache. Cannot sleep. Sick to my stomach. Body aching. Palms sweating. Hot / cold flushing of the skin. Labored breathing. ..I feel miserable weak and I'm tormented by suicidal ideation which began as soon as I had my first pint yesterday...I'm not in danger of following through but I don't want to be this person anymore. I've lost whole months of productivity and have spent an outrageous amount of money that I don't have...If I could rewind my life back to March 4th when I ordered that beer I would punch myself in the face...Disgusted in pain and disappointed - I'm clearing drinking from my schedule and getting back to the gym...Gym = No Drinking..Drinking = No Gym
----------immediate responses--------

Withdrawal gets worse every time you relapse. It's likely hitting you pretty damn hard right now and that's the cause of the anxiety and depression. ..I'm glad you're back and you've made the decision to get sober again. The key this time is to try to understand what lead you to believe that you could have a "night off" of sobriety last time and avoid it now. You need to have a plan in place and for most of us that plan includes a support system. AA SMART therapy what have you. You know you need to work harder this time to stay sober...Welcome back. You can do this!
Welcome back /u/slomotionhighscore--time to kick up your game.
You can do it!! ..However don't just replace it with going to the gym or else it'll be easy to revert back to old habits. Maybe add more activities that you've always wanted to do but never managed to get to.
Thanks for sharing if any good comes of this you help me and others reinforce the idea that "just tonight" wont hurt needs to be absolutely smashed shattered and kicked in the nuts. ..Back in the day I stayed dry for a while using the gym and yoga as my anti-drink and it worked for a year or so but my character defects of over elation and false pride lulled me into thinking i deserved to go out and find the woman of my dreams...That didnt happen BUT i did lose my management position and let a lot of family and professional contacts down. ..Since then ive stayed sober through AA and it feels like a true second life. I have started a new job and im buidling my life back up...My second week in i was feeling really great about all the work and new people i met i thought to myself "A quesadilla and a beer sounds great from hooters right about now!" ..I thought the scenario through and that hang over was the "light" at the end of that thought tunnel. It's funny how our minds just want us to fail...Anyways I hope some of this helps and realize you NEVER have to feel this way again friend. ..Wish you well friend :)
