-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2btesf/why_i_am_taking_an_indefinite_and_longterm_break/

Hello guys..A few days ago I submitted this: http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bavrv/what_is_happening_to_me/ here. .I don't know if this is appropriate for this subreddit but here I go:..I had been struggling with my recent experiences with alcohol. I am able to sometimes sit down and have a wine or a beer with dinner. I don't always get out of control and I don't drink every day. I am not physically dependent either. But when I get really drunk I make horrible life decisions. I spend more money than I have and I lose control. I take drugs from strangers I put myself in harms way I seriously jeopardize important things in my life I get in trouble with the law and get kicked out and banned from establishments. This has created a strain in my relationship. My hangovers arent physical either but they are sure as hell emotional. I waste an entire day feeling slow and incredibly depressed. I am unable to accomplish the goals I have set out for myself simply because drinking takes up so much time energy and money. And whats more is I hardly get anything out of it...Simply put: I cannot have the life I want if I continue to drink the way that I do. ..I recently went on a trip with my SO and I didnt drink at all on the trip. I actually think it was the best trip Ive taken since I started drinking. (All the other trips amount to me getting drunk in X city.) ..So I have decided to take a break from drinking. I am in college so I don't know if maybe my drinking habits may be attributed to my situation or if its just me. But I do know that either way its simply not working out for me or for my goals. ..I have created a list of things I want to accomplish and I will use that list as a reminder as to why I am taking an indefinite break from booze. .
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you for taking this first step. That alcohol has made your life unmanageable on many occasions is a good indicator that you need to do what you're doing to evaluate your current situation. ..In addition to writing down the goals that you want to accomplish (great idea btw) it might be a good idea to write down the bad things that booze has burdened you with. They can both serve as reminders. ..Grab a badge and stick around here. You didn't mention whether your SO was supportive of your decision but support is important. As you saw the other day when you posted this sub is filled with caring and smart people who want nothing more than to see you succeed at obtaining your goals with that first goal being to remain sober. ..I wish you well on your journey my friend. :-)
This is such a good plan for your health and ultimate clarity about which direction you want to go in life.
"Simply put: I cannot have the life I want if I continue to drink the way that I do."..Thank you for putting my feelings in a tangible form. I've recently decided the same for myself. 
You mentioned that you're not physically dependent and the hangovers aren't that bad. It's good that you are making a point to get control of the habit now because as you get a bit older the physical symptoms get worse. ..Visualize being significantly heavier having high blood pressure being clinically depressed and having your hands tremble regularly due to withdrawal. Trust me it's no fun at all.
Awesome!  So glad you enjoyed your trip.  Stick around -- it's such a good thing that you are seeking clarity at this point in your life.
Making a list of things you want to accomplish is a good idea. I might do that as well. 
Your story feels very similar to mine - I wouldn't define myself as dependent on alcohol at all but once I start drinking stopping is just never an option and the things I do and say go beyond what's acceptable. And like you it sets me back in terms of desired achievements. I'm young fit healthy and outwardly okay but I'm tired of spending days/weeks mopping up the mess from drinking. Don't forget the disasters - use them to keep you on track. It just isn't worth it - good luck!
