-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2butx2/alcoholless_life_europhoria/

I could go on about this forever but I will be succinct. It's been 113 days since a single drop of alcohol. I feel like I've cracked a code by stopping drinking. I've never felt so clear full and alive in my life. I remember conversations and people and never feel too 'tired' or 'lazy' to do anything or anyone...To all those struggling- keep at it. It took me until day 80 to realize the beauty in the clarity in the world around me. It almost felt like I had taken LSD- it was that amazing. And nothing else good was happening in my life to trigger it (still in a job I hate lots of uncertainty around me no romantic interest)...Yes it might feel like it 'sucks' you're not 'fitting in' or part of the 'moment' but it is entirely mental. Being able to tune into the vibe of the people around you is crucial- confidence and being able to switch of that analytical part of your mind...I still go out all the time (much more than when I drank) and even end up doing dumb stuff (though dumb in a much smarter way than when I drank...Relationships in my life are much stronger (with friends or romantically) and for once in my life I had a romance grow completely genuinely (without the usual drunkeness required to get it done)...It's a amazing the respect I get on the rare occasion I've mentioned I don't drink. I've had 5 friends firstly criticize me then a few weeks later join me in sobriety. Only 2 are still sober the others (imo) made it to 20 and couldn't handle the all the reality...My situation was- I'm 25yr old with a 'common' problem (binge'ing 15+ drinks 1-2 times a week). It is totally acceptable where I'm from and truely frowned upon if you do not drink (Aus). This is what worked for me:...* DON'T make it obvious or talk about it with others (order short-drinks at the bar get used to changing the subject swiftly/discretely).* I didn't change my lifestyle- still went out to bars. But my focus was the music and dancing. .* 'Tune-into' the vibe/atmosphere. Sometimes I feel as if I'm 'acting' drunk but its a natural repercussion when you 'let go' of the analytical part of your mind....Please contact me if anyone wants to chat about this I really feel like it is the BEST thing I've ever done in my life. Seriously.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on almost 4 months!  I still haven't figured out the right balance with telling others about my sobriety.  Basically for now I will tell close friends and that's it.  I haven't told my family and I haven't told most of my coworkers  -- although two are in AA haha so I see them there.  ..Anyway I love that feeling of having cracked the code -- I was always chasing new sensory experiences when I was drinking and drugging and it turns out sobriety is an interesting one in itself!
Most importantly remember this feeling is not always there during sobriety some if the lowest lows you will still have to push through and they always feel harder because you can't numb them! Stick to your guns 
You are a wise young adult for making the decision not to drink. I couldn't hang out at bars or with people who abused alcohol. I didn't want alcohol within arm's reach in early sobriety. I'm glad you are experiencing the wonders of sobriety. Just be careful. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank you all for the insightful comments. I'm not writing this on a whim or in a better than normal mind state-this kind of thinking has been stable for atleast 20 days...When I tell others I tell them for a place of power without preaching to them. It's a confidence and non-doubting "speal" I give. I make it a one way conversation-i don't open it for a discussion/philosophical debate. ..My only hate is bar tenders-they often make a point or draw attention to it. ..I think I can still hang out in bars because I am very into my music so I go places where that is the focus of enjoyment on my mind. ..I do get the od "low" and want to escape but it's rare. Then I think how full my life is (because I no longer get hungover or tired) and about how rebellious it is to not-conform to the rest of the world in needing to abuse alcohol. ..(Ps a short drink is a small glass-where I'm from non-alcohol is served in tall glasses thus drawing attention to it.)..
