-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2bzg2d/just_paid_off_the_bill_for_my_detox/

Often I get teary eyed when I think how lucky I am. Even though I no longer have the insurance I once had when I worked in the tech industry (where everything and anything for your entire family is covered @ 100% with no deductible) my wife's insurance covered 90% of the $15000 cost for 7 day inpatient detox. ..So after paying the $1500 bill my wife tore it up dropped the pieces into a lunch baggie and posted it to our refrigerator next to all of the pictures of our friends' kids. What an angel...It was only then that I realized all of the multiple complexities of this disease. I desperately want to never drink again and am doing everything in my power to follow that path. IOP sponsorship meetings. I feel humbly confident inasmuch as I can. ..But looking at the shards of the detox bill in that plastic baggie I realized that I could check something off my "to do" list. That if god forbid there should ever be a relapse the chances of me being stuffed into that chemical detox unit again are reasonably slim. That what happened to put me there took 30 years of benzo and alcohol addiction.  ..I thought about this for several hours. Was this some kind of planned relapse? Was this a rationalization? I spoke about this with both my sponsor and my wife and ultimately decided this should be celebrated as a cautious victory. Acknowledging reality of progress albeit humbly...So politics of healthcare be damned it really pays to have a spouse working for a large multi-national company. Honestly I don't know where I'd be today if we had no insurance. And gosh damned most of you would likely smash things in (justifiable) anger if you knew what insurance was like at say Google or Facebook or the like. ..Damn I feel lucky. Smiles ..
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you!  My insurance covered a lot of my 2 hospital stays and my IOP but I'm still paying on them.  Even though it's still hanging over my head I have a lot of peace about it :)
Congrats of the payoff...(gripe) For what it's worth my hubs works at a tech company (one of the biggest) and our insurance right now pretty much blows. So it's not all club soda roses and 100% coverage in the tech world. I think after we paid our pretty hefty deductible even if we stay in-network it only covers 75% of a bill. I dunno if we just picked the "no lube" option this year or what but it's the worst insurance I have ever had. (/gripe)
This is an important post TS69 life is complicated.  I choose not to add alcohol.
[deleted]
