-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2c4qp0/small_advice/

Hello. I don't come to this sub very often because quite frankly being reminded of the struggle to stop drinking reminds me of drinking and it actually makes it harder on me...However every once in a while when I do come here I feel that even though I'm not very much part of the community here that contributing what I've learned is important to do...*****..My tip can be for any of you along any part of your journey. Perhaps you already do it. At any rate keep a journal of your moments of struggle and how you get through that...When first quitting I would struggle every minute of the day for the first couple weeks. I never did this but I think it would have been nice to have. I could put something like: ..    Got in an argument with my friend and really wanted a drink..    Solved: Realized that drinking will make me angry from slipping...Or whatever it is that is keeping you sober. Anyway so you have this journal for all the difficult moments. When you get an urge to drink and you realize that maybe you cannot write down a reason you don't drink because you just know you're going to drink now re-read that book and realize that you will have to do it all over again...Oh sure the reasons will be different and the solutions or counter-arguments will be different but you will fight the same battle. You will live with the same mindset and you will have to start back at the beginning with:..    The dog's barking. I need a drink!.    Solved: Fuck it...Because it's hard to build momentum to quit. So just a small tip. I hope it helps. You really don't want to push the reset button -- not for this.
----------immediate responses--------

This is good advice if only that you pause in your rush to grab a bottle.  It also lets you see the absurdity of your inner drunk's reasoning...Writing has been very important in my recovery.
I like this idea. Alcohol takes over so many facets and becomes the confidant in out lives our coping mechanism. In sobriety it can seem like FOREVER for the initial feelings and anxiety and whatever else to go away and we get so caught up we live in that moment. It is definitely healthy to give ourselves a broader perspective of our menial troubles aka "Dog barking"
Thanks for your input.  It definately is a good idea to take actions to keep yourself sober.  When I was in treatment they insisted that we kept a journal.  I was there for 3 mths so I had a big chunk done when I left.  It worked for me. Well done.
