-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2c6w4f/back_to_school_sobriety_sale_roll_call/

I've noticed in the last few weeks a surge of younger folks joining us which is awesome!! Since a common shared concern is that "I'm to young for this!" I thought we should do an age roll call perhaps putting you in touch with others that share your struggles and your age will be of some comfort for what is ahead of you. I don't care who PM's me but if you would rather talk to someone who isn't old enough to be your mom now you know who fits the bill!..I'll start 38 next week.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 43. Randomly met someone today (not at a meeting). She's 28 and got sober at 17...that's so fucking kick ass (and it's really awesome how open she is about it).
I'm 44. I feel like there are only a handful of us in our 40s here. 
I'm 43.  If I'm honest with myself I knew my drinking was a real problem in my late teens but it took 20+ years to get it together.  I really admire the "younger folks" in this subreddit and wish I had been one of them!
I'm 34. I sometimes think about how different my life would be I I had stuck with my earlier attempts at 30 31......id have a liscence more job options  a non fucked up ankle from a drunken car wreck but things have unfolded how they needed to and I'm grateful for so many of he experiences I've had. No sense dwelling on the past can't change it anyway however now is unquestionably the time to get and stay sober things have fallen into place in a beautiful way that's allowing me to do that.  And no more 'research'. The acceptance I feel is very liberating. 
I'm 28/f and started drinking alcoholically at 21. Man do I wish I had confronted it then! Scary how easy it is to lose years just drifting in and out of drunkenness.
I'm 28. Once upon a time I thought I was too young for this. Eventually I woke up every morning [feeling like this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHhgllqSKro)
Im 24. Knew I was an alcoholic since I was a kid. Didn't *actually* know it until I was 22. Been trying to crawl out of my hole ever since
I'm 34. Almost at one month without waking up hungover. So much better. 
35 or 36 ... I honestly forget which
34/f. Had my 1st drink at 18 was a problem drinker by age 20 definitely an alcoholic by 27. (if not before)
47 - I feel old!
Thanks to those of you who tell us when you knew you had a problem I didn't even consider the significance of that as compared to your present age. 
19 now. Got sober at the age of 17.
Started drinking at about 19 had a daily habit by about 22 solid day to day drinking from 23-25. Just turned 26 earlier this month. 
I'm 25. I was a social drinker at 18 by 21/22 I was drinking on my own most days of the week and up until this point it's been heavy day-in-day-out slavery. Mix in a shitload of other horrible choices and voila! Here I am ready to reconstruct my reality.
[deleted]
Just turned 25 on the 29th of July. First birthday I've spent sober since I was 14. ..It felt bretty good.
I'm 28. I fit a lifetime of drinking in 12 years. Done and done.
I'm 45 and drank alcoholically for 25 years. I have two years sober. 
28 years old. Started drinking daily at 18. What a tremendous waste of a decade.
I'm 26 now a semi-regular black out drinker since about 16 that consistently and rapidly became worse. 
[deleted]
I'm 29. Started binge drinking from the get go at 17. At 25 I was drinking between 2 and 4 bottles of two buck chuck from trader joes every day. Spent two years completely miserable trying to cut back or quit making an attempt at least once or twice a month. Took my second dui at 27 to get me sober long enough to get it to stick. I guess the alcohol detecting ankle bracelet didnt hurt either ha!
29 here.  Started drinking like an idiot the first weekend of college when I was 18. I was the kid that could get blackout drunk on Thursday and pass an organic chemistry test on Friday.  Now I look back and see wasted potential.  I could have achieved a lot more.
35 here and looking forward to 36 and beyond sober.
Didn't someone do a survey a few months ago about ages and other demographics?
First time I got sober was 23 and it was hard at times but really helped me grow up. Definitely wish I hadn't taken that drink at 25. I'm now 33 and have had a couple dry spells but now on day 2 of taking it seriously again. Life started to look at little too much like how it did at 23.
I'm 30 and I started drinking when I was 15.  Half my life.
Just turned 29! Will have a year sober later this month.
Happy birthday to my friend /u/SarahSiddonscooks. ..I'm a 33 year old female redhead with a bad temper and an addiction to sushi.
29 years old and realized that my binge drinking has to stop. Wasted too many weekends and then I would drink throughout the week in the  evenings to avoid how shitty I felt. It's just not worth it.
22 years old and a college student. Hardest part at the beginning of my sobriety was the loss of a friend group that I had told myself was family. My greatest gift in life is the family I have now....both family of origin and the one that I have chosen for myself. Sobriety can be hard and im worried about sxhool coming up in a few weeks but I know that with the support I have ill get through it and be able to handle the stress and pressure SOBER.
34..  I weekend binge drank in my late teens/20's. In my 30's I slowed down but still would get blackout a few times a year.  Decided that I don't want to play with fire anymore and ruin what is a great life!
26 Sober since 25. In NYC and I love new meetings and new people. Wish I'd quit at like 20. That woulda been cool.
I'm 28. 
33 Male. Daily drinker since 24. 
47 and just glad to still be on the team
I'm 20 and through AA meetings for young people I know PLENTY of other folks 16-25 years old who are getting sober.  I'm always so grateful that I will have that many more sober and joyous years in my life and that I get to skip a lot of painful experiences related to drinking!
I am 27 started drinking at 20 during the college years. Didn't really start binge-drinking until maybe a couple years ago. I used to live with a couple roommates who were a bit younger than me and drank more than I did. I've been trying to quit now for a little over a year now. It's time I stopped using it as an excuse to avoid my problems.
I'm 27. I feel so goddamn old and would be frightened to get any older were it not for sobriety. I was 20 when I really felt alcohol grabbed me by my shirt collar and said "you're mine now". I remember believing it too. Wasn't until June 2nd that I found something else to believe in. 
I'm a little late to the party but I'm 22. About to enter my senior year of college sober...a little nervous but I'm feeling optimistic!
Just turned 24.  Had been using drugs and alcohol since 12. 
