-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cc3vi/talk_to_your_kids_about_alcoholism/

I'm sure everyone here knows that children of alcoholics are 4 times more likely to develop alcoholism themselves.  I was warned about this when I was 15 and my mom was in rehab but I only heeded that warning for about a year before I started gorging on the nectar of the pitcher plant...Now I have a 13 year old who I know will start being exposed to peer pressure soon and I'm doing my best to equip him to make better decisions than I did. I believe open honest dialogue is the best way to approach teens. I'm pragmatic enough to know that if I forbid him to drink he's going to do whatever the fuck he wants anyway.  Instead I've talked to him about various types of drugs and alcohol and described the effects they'd have on him both in the short-term and how they can affect his goals and dreams for the future. Without sharing all the gory details I've told him about my own history with drugs and alcohol and the struggles I've had to get clean. Above all I've warned him that the deck is stacked against him because of his family history of alcoholism and have encouraged him to discuss his own challenges with me. I have told him that I will never get mad at him if he chooses to try alcohol or drugs but that he is never to drive or get in a car with anyone under the influence...While your approach with your own children may be different I'd like to encourage any SD'ers with children to at least begin to discuss alcoholism with their children.  Our kids are unlikely to ever be so-called "normal drinkers" and they deserve to be armed with that knowledge. 
----------immediate responses--------

agreed!
Sadly with what my son has seen I really don't need to say a word quite frankly what he remembers that I don't is enough to torture me for decades he's 19 and had a pretty good grasp and awareness of what was going on. This is not to say of course that we don't talk about it he knows my sobriety date we have talked about honestly as much as he wants to. He tells me when he drinks and how much. We have talked about living together again in a few months he understands that it remains a booze free environment and not negotiable. ..We have a somewhat unique set of circumstances in that his father is deceased died before he turned 1 so no memories other than those provided for him through family so starting very young we began talking about very adult issues on an age appropriate level if that makes any sense. We started discussing drugs drinking sex along with current events very young I was working with DOD priority 1 patients taking occasional jaunts to aircraft carriers at a time of war I was in zippo danger but he watched 9/11 live we lived in a military town (San Diego). Geez as I am writing this it's really hit me my son has dealt with a lot more than any kid should independent of my alcoholism. Before I was 10 I certainly had no firsthand awareness of the death of a parent war substance abuse my parents didn't even give me the birds and the bees talk till after I had lost my virginity. I guess the fact that at his age now I had gotten married and had a 5 month old child did I dombetter than my parents did sheltering me? ..Basically folks it's a crap shoot and when it comes to kids non disclosure really isn't an option if you go down that road be prepared for some very big surprises. We do however have amazing tools available to us to get and stay sober we have friends and relatives we have professionals we have support groups we have rehabs we have forums like this. If you turn away help education available options it's much like telling your kid they can bypass the class before they jump out of a plane. you decided they can jump out without someone telling them how and that. If you fail there are alternate ways of survival. The best time to decide on taking that class is not when your child's carcass is being scraped off the pavement. 
Be careful not to do this too soon. By this I mean when we start talking to kids about the dangers of drinking before we have a substantial period of recovery we don't have much credibility. Our children are hurt by our drinking and if we haven't been sober quite awhile they still don't trust us. It took me a very very long time to trust that my dad was going to stay sober and I refused to get my hopes up too high for fear of being disappointed. I probably wouldn't have paid much attention to his warnings.
&gt; I was warned about this when I was 15 and my mom was in rehab but I only heeded that warning for about a year before I started gorging on the nectar of .....That's the thing though. You didn't listen. What makes you think anyone else will?
This is my greatest fear with my daughter. I made it to recovery after a long 13 years. I don't want her going through what I did. But what I've been told is I can't stop her from making decisions she'll make in her adult life. All I can do is being an example by continuing to go to meetings and stay sober.
Everyone's different but these warnings did not help me *at all*. My mom and dad got divorced due in part to my dad's severe alcoholism and I was constantly reminded (by my mom) about how I was genetically predisposed to alcoholism. Granted she often went about these reminders in the worst possible way - noting that "I was just like my dad" and taking out her frustrations with him out on me...When I finally turned 21 I couldn't start hitting the bottle fast enough. I figured that hell since it was inevitable anyway I might as well get a head start. These kinds of conversations can be pretty scary for a kid...My case partially resulted from my personality defects (I can be pretty self-destructive) but I really hate the "alcoholics breed alcoholics" mantra that I hear again and again (even if its true). It's not fair for someone to have live their life constantly evaluating the effects of alcohol before they ever have a drink.....All that said it sounds like you're going about in the best possible way so good on you. I just wanted to vent a bit. 
I have four kids-oldest is out of the house already...miracle--they all still tell me they love me....I have always been very honest about drugs (alcohol is a drug)..So much so that my wife has asked me on more than one occasion to not glorify my past experiences--because they weren't all bad not until the very end....
Yes I always knew my parents were alcoholics and thought I'd never fall into that trap.  Alcohol was the source of funny stories even if they had poor consequences.  My mother let me drink at home a few times "because at least I know where you are" I wish now that they had set rules and been strict with me rather then let me run rampant.  Looking back at my journals I realized i was drinking heavily and smoking pot starting at 15.  I was running around with a group of older "friends" and my mother was too busy with her own problems to worry about it.  ..Even if your kids get mad-be a parent set a good example set rules talk about alcohol and drugs know what they're up to and support them if they run into problems.  
[deleted]
