-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cffuq/new_here/

Hi everyone. I'm new here. I'm here because I want to save my marriage. I wouldn't class myself and an alcoholic however I've developed an unhealthy reliance on alcohol. It's something that my wife doesn't like. I drink 4 nights a week about 1 bottle of wine a night. I have stopped for a few 4 nights now and am struggling dealing with the urges to drink. What are some things that can help with this other than excersize. Does painting help?
----------immediate responses--------

I just had to reset my badge (for the last time. I mean it!) so I know my perspective doesn't offer the depth of those who have been doing this for weeks months or even years...I think painting would definitely help! Anything to help keep the mind (and hands) busy - not to mention art is cathartic. I'm collecting things for a collage to represent how I feel about the pressure and power of alcohol myself. I'd love to see what you come up with!..I am only now admitting to myself that I don't just have "a problem" but that I may actually BE an alcoholic. That's a much larger mental gap to bridge - to admit the severity of the problem - but I'm finding (just in the last 24 hrs; I've been doing a lot of thinking on this) that it's helping me face my problem for what it truly is and change my perspective on how I have to go about dealing with it...Someone else told me something to the effect of "if you have to ask yourself if you have a drinking problem you do" and that's been true for me. If I have to ask myself if I'm an alcoholic then I am one. The doubt in my mind is truth enough!..Not sure if that helps but just thought I'd share my 2 cents. I'm trying to be more active on this sub to help keep myself accountable and my badge visible ;) 
Hello and welcome /u/childhood-memories. You're in the right place if you want to get a grip on your drinking. It sounds like your wife is probably angry scared and worried. Perhaps lonely too because when you're drinking a bottle of wine you are not really present for others. ..Of course painting helps. Any activity which absorbed my attention took my mind off cravings. Eating something sweet helps. Exercise is an excellent distraction and healthy too. Go for a walk with your wife for example. Start paying more attention to her. Netflix has been a blessing for many! Clean a closet desk drawer car or garage. ..Find the reddit search box and enter "things to do" for this subreddit and I think you'll come up with a whole thread on this topic. ..Feel free to post and ask any questions. I look forward to hearing more from you.
Why do you not class yourself as an alcoholic?..Why do you not want to exercise?  What if exercise is the best way to deal with what you're going through right now?  
