-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cfnuo/i_feel_ashamed/

Trust me guys. I really do want to change. I'm struggling with this more than I've ever struggled with anything. ..I don't know the point where my alcohol use went from being a problem to an all-out addiction but I"m truly addicted...When I'm drinking I don't care about anything but the next drink. I don't even care about my own life or the people around me who I love more than anything. - Anything except alcohol. Alcohol is like my abusive partner - my cruel kidnapper - and I have Stockholm Syndrome...I wonder why I still have friends. I count myself lucky for that but I don't feel like I deserve them. I am afraid also that you guys will get tired of me. Your support means so much. I hope you don't feel like I'm a waste of time...I know my post is pretty whiny today. I don't mean to have a pity party it's just that I keep trying and trying and in the end I fail. ..That confidence I had when i first joined this sub is gone. I want to quit drinking but I also don't want to. And I hate and fear the part of me that doesn't...I keep adjusting my plan thinking THIS time I've got it figured out. But I fail again and again. I'm losing hope in myself...God help me. (And that's coming from an atheist). Another "day 1"
----------immediate responses--------

It took me a lot of goes to get it right.  You have nothing to be ashamed of. In the end I piratically crawled into aa pleading for help.  It was always there but I never actively sought it out.  I don't know if you go to meetings or not but combined with SD it is brilliant.  Back in the saddle now. Enjoy the journey!
Hey hang in there. As the saying goes: Fall down get back up adjust your crown walk on...&gt; I want to quit drinking but I also don't want to...What are your reasons for not wanting to stop drinking?
Never give up.  You can stop because you want to stop.  Focus on today. 
Putting out some some positive energy towards your way sober_girl. You are most definitely NOT a waste of time...you're one of us who is struggling just as we have. ..Your comparison to alcohol being your abuser is spot on. The patterns in the cycle of abuse in both is remarkably similar. Breaking the cycle is hard as you have found but it can be done. Being willing to try things that you haven't tried before is important and you keep doing that.  Have you tried support groups yet? That may be just the ticket. You talk about your friends and it's great that you have some but maybe what you need right now is a sober support network not just friends. ..What were the circumstances of your relapse?
I'm pulling for you /u/sober_girl -- you need simple consistent sober actions and this will all work out for you. 
Unfortunately sobriety isn't a one stop shop. You're going to have to be flexible and find out what works best for you. Good luck and hang in there.
Hello sober_girl. Please don't be ashamed. You are a good person with a bad disease. I know the god-stuff in AA can be a turn-off. I try to just let it slide off and listen for all the good stuff there is. It's comforting being with people who understand. Keep an open mind and give it another try. Listen to the people who have sobriety and don't fight it. I pm'd you another version of the steps. Keep us posted.
I've been doing some online SMART recovery meetings. AA isn't the only thing out there and even in AA it is my understanding that each group is different.
[deleted]
We are here for you with you  /u/sober_girl
My experience is you have to want it pretty bad.  That never changes.  You're an asset to this community; I see you contribute quite a bit.  That's a good start to something positive..Anyway.  They say any life run on self-will can hardly be a success.  I naturally gravitate towards self-destructive things.  This idea is absurd but how much more proof do we need? :)  Maybe you are the same as you say you "also don't want (to stop drinking)."  If you can accept where your self will takes you I imagine you would find AA quite compatible with your interests..Just as a tangent here: Whenever I am thinking about myself I get depressed.  Again -- absurd but the proof is there.  It helps always helps to think of someone else and how I can be of use to them.  I actually loathe this fact.  I want to "figure myself out" and serve myself.  But again the facts are the facts.  When I am thinking about myself I am depressed.  When I am thinking of others I am not.
Hey sober_girl don't be ashamed.  It's important you stay honest and keep coming back here.  I was happy to see your name pop up regardless of the circumstances.  You deserve friends happiness and love and you can hold onto all of it if you focus on truly taking care of yourself and committing to sobriety and a better life.
I tried everything else looking for whatever it was that would keep me from being a drinking drunken drunk.  The ONLY thing that has kept me sober is AA.  ..If insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results...how about finding something that works and NOT doing it.
[deleted]
My goodness... Comparing alcoholism to Stockholm syndrome hits the nail on the head.... Thank you for sharing with us.
Hey I think all of us have had to learn how to quit. If it was simple there would be no addiction right? :) Don't be hard on yourself and don't lose hope. You've already done a major thing in recognizing your problem. Now make small steps towards solving it. One step at a time and don't be afraid of failure.
Proud of you for mentioning in your other post that you're going to a "We Agnostics" meeting. I wish they had one of those in my area. Fortunately I've always been good at ignoring the stuff in AA that doesn't jive with my agnostic sensibilities (albeit with a slight eye roll). As a person with some anger issues AA has definitely tested my patience but ultimately those tests have made me more tolerant of the things I have resentments against in life...As for your friends - I know you say they aren't alcoholics and they don't understand but if you asked them to "check" you do you think they would?..Most of my friends for the past 10 years have known I have a problem with alcohol. If I ever ordered a drink in their presence I would always get disapproving looks or the occasional "Are you sure you need a drink?" kinds of comments. Unfortunately for me this would often times just cause me to isolate and I would then just drink by myself but that is a story for another time. ..Can you have a very candid powwow with your friends and ask them to help keep you accountable? Ask them to help you from picking up the first drink...You're not a waste of time and the feelings of shame are very normal. Stay close to /r/stopdrinking and let us know how the meeting goes :)
I tried to quit more times than I can count. I have felt very similar to how you feel. The shame  regret feeling like an awful person undeserving of the relationships I still had. Especially the not caring about anything else when drinking. When i drink keeping that going becomes the most important thing in theworld to me. I'd be terrified of running outor notbeing able to continue. Its like apair of horse blinders nothing else mattered. So ive decided notto enter the race anymore. I really feltlike once i hadthe first drink i was of f to theraces. however I'm thankful for the desperation that those failedattempts led me to. It leaves no dissolutions misconceptions or confusion in my mind about my problem.  Although I can't rely on that as I'm quick to forget the misery and desperation.  That desperation led me to aa which I was PISSED to be going to as I had gone to aa/na fir drugs years ago. I was sick of all the phrases and God talk And generally didn't like it and didn't feel like it worked for anyone but sheep.    However ive come to view it in a new light and love it. I find it to note be the only way or the end all or some magical perfect system.  Im nor here to endorse just to say for me it has been a very simple system to analyze and improve my life and meet people fave to face who understand where I'm coming from.  My sponsor is even an atheist in terms of organized religion.  Anyway this is way to long good luck  I'm pullin for ya PM me if you ever wanna talk. 
