-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ci0ef/so_yesterday_was_my_anniversary/

Wedding anniversary (17 years).  The Mrs. and I were out for dinner at a nice restaurant and when we first sit down the first thought that pops into my head is "I should be having a nice cocktail on this special night."  No worries I quickly dismiss it and we move on to a wonderful dinner...Later we are taking a walk just the two of us.  I mention to her about that first thought and how it popped into my head.  She CANNOT UNDERSTAND HOW THAT HAPPENS TO ME.  This woman is amazing and quite literally saved my life.  She is my biggest supporter in sobriety and I am truly lucky to have her in my life.  But she simply  cannot understand the thinking of an alcoholic.  She tries but she can't.  It is not her fault...This fact is something that in the past might or could have driven me crazy.  I would have stressed over it and probably taken it as a personal affront.  But the reality is I know now that only people who have truly struggled with this problem really understand what it is like.  This is why I always have some community of alcoholics available to me (SD and AA).  Because I know those people understand.  And having some people in my life who understand makes it that much easier for me to deal with all of the other realities in my life...So for that support I am very grateful.  Have a great day everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

Happy anniversary! You hit the nail on the head. When I was actively drinking/drugging I knew my thoughts were so screwed up that there was NO WAY anyone else thought that way too. ..In AA and SD I have found a group of individuals who understand me on a level no one else does. I shared this fact with an ex that I'm still close with. She was taken aback and confused. I explained to her how I knew she had had 2 drinks at dinner the guy behind her had 4 pints his wife had two glasses of wine and left the bottom third of the last. She didn't understand why I knew. Answer: I'm an alcoholic who is obsessed with alcohol. 
Happy anniversary my pal!  ..I have a feeling we have very similar wives.  But who gets these normie wives?  'Leave half a glass of wine sheesh!  And put up with us?!
It's interesting... my wife actually does understand I think.  We've talked at great length about it.  It took us a couple months to get a handle on how each of us should deal with each other when it comes to me being an alcoholic but after that she really gets it.  I'm quite lucky...Oh and happy anniversary.  I celebrated my 17th in June!
Happy anniversary!..I have had that feelings many time and I too would take it as a personal attack. In reality people just don't see it like we do and they can't control it any more than we do. It is a compulsion and a deadly one at that...It is the exact reason we have groups like this to guide us. Good post.
Wow. That second paragraph could be myself and my wife.  We just haven't been married as long and I haven't been sober as long.
Happy Anniversary! You are proof that recovery and happy marriages really do exist. 
