-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cijmw/stop_using_your_problems_with_aa_as_an_excuse_to/

I'm everythingsreal and I'm a struggling addict. I'm not writing this from a sanctimonious perspective or as a person whose own recovery is strong and building. It's new and fragile. I've been browsing this forum for a long time because it helps me very much to be able to read and relate to the struggles of strangers across the world. I feel akin to each and every one of you. So take this in the spirit in which it's intended...I've noticed a common theme around here amongst struggling addicts. Many day 1- 5 posts here read very similar. Something to the effect of "hi everyone I'm an alcoholic i desperately need help I'm quitting today again for the ump-teenth time I'm losing my mind an I'm ready to try anything......I don't like AA though it's not for me I'm an atheist I have problems with the higher power concept"........so on and so forth...If you are serious about your recovery there are as I understand it 3 things you require to get sober. I am not a person who has mastered these steps but an article posted here the other day by Roger Ebert in 1984 stated:..1. Complete abstinence from all mood-altering substances...2. Admission of defeat and willingness to accept help...3. Use of a support group such as AA...Alcoholics Anonymous is not a gathering for an existential or religious debate. Your beliefs do not have to be synchronized to the literature written by Christian alcoholics in 1939 in a somewhat antiquated language. As I understand it it is more in the process of capitulating and taking direction from others that the healing can begin. It doesn't require a moral or religious conversion...AA isn't about turning you from an atheist into a Christian. What's more *i think a lot of us know that* but use our beliefs as an excuse to not take the uncomfortable but required first step to recovery which is to get help. If not AA maybe SMART Rational recovery or some other structured program. It's all about the support system. There will be a time when your will power will temporary recede and you WILL REQUIRE help staying sober...I've learned this the hard way and wasted a lot of time. ...Thanks for reading. I will not drink today...^[EDIT:]^.  I don't usually edit posts but I think this is important. re-read my last paragraph. while the title of my post might seem a little misleading the actual point I was trying to get across was just building some structure around you to help you get sober. NOT NECCESSARILY AA. Just some kind of structure. Thanks for all of your responses everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

Here is my issue with AA and it is also my issue with how many people address the support system. ..AA is CLEARLY a Christian group. Just look at the 6th step. For an Atheist like me- it doesn't mean much of anything. If AA wants to be a non faith based group than they should change their wording and make suggestions rather than just say God...So this: "Were entirely ready to have God remove all these defects of character"..should become something like this: ."Were entirely ready to seek assistance in removing our defects by something greater than ourselves (i.e. a support group deity books)"...I also do not think we should say "You need this or you need that" Why not suggest what works? You did kind of do this in your post..."One of the things you should have to maintain sobriety is a support system; such as AA SMART /r/stopdrinking family members friends etc."..Just my 2 cents.
&gt;i think a lot of us know that but use our beliefs as an excuse to not take the uncomfortable but required first step to recovery which is to get help...Yup.  Couldn't have said it better.  Resistance is a major component of  addiction.  My dislike of certain aspects of AA may be genuine but I really need to check myself on a regular basis and make sure that I'm not just using my personal dislike of religion as an excuse not to do sober work on myself.  Good post.  Thanks for speaking up. 
I've been guilty of this and am going to my first AA meeting tonight because even though I am an atheist I can't do this shit by myself.  Thanks for posting I won't drink today either.
[As someone who has been around /r/stopdrinking for a while...](http://i.imgur.com/NnoGhN1.jpg)..Now on to more constructive comments :)..I have stopped trying to defend AA as a program of recovery a few months back. I will say how it's helped me but if someone wants to talk shit about it or call it a cult I just back down and let them be...AA is able to be worked by people of all philosophies religions and the lack thereof. It's simply about setting one's intellectual pride aside and asking for some help...EDIT: I've totally contradicted myself by defending AA in this post but never before have I heard of people equivocating AA to a group of [rapists]( http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cijmw/stop_using_your_problems_with_aa_as_an_excuse_to/cjg6dcg). I simply couldn't leave that bullshit unchecked.
I'm not the most religious person in the world.  I think there is a force greater than ourselves but I don't necessarily believe it is God as Christians believe.  I go to AA twice a week.  I tolerate the God stuff and see through the traditional readings with intelligence.  That is I'm smart enough not to get my undies in a twist over some wording.  AA works for me the way I've believe it to be.  For a long time I've wanted to say this:  Stop pissing and moaning about the piddly shit and try the AA way AS YOU UNDERSTAND IT.  No one's forcing you to become a Christian.
One of my first comments on /r/stopdrinking was something like this post; and as I recall it was one of the most downvoted of all my comments.  To be fair my comment also lacked all understanding of the SD community.  ../r/stopdrinking is a remarkable recovery community because unlike AA or SMART Recovery or an IOP you don't really have to leave your bedroom or comfortable place to participate.  It's nonthreatening and anonymous and you can participate and even make progress without leaving your comfort zone.  Unfortunately you can only go so far in my opinion without a recovery program where you physically move the feet...Our SD community draws on the Reddit demographic of incredibly smart gamers hackers music heads libertarians and first world anarchists who don't like to be told what to do--so it's real easy to see how AA is dismissed because it not only has religious "overtones" but the program actually suggests that you can take your alcoholism and addictions and give it over to GOD.  We can argue and debate till we are blue in the face that this is a metaphor for "Good Orderly Direction" and such but if you are dealing with a potential audience of well-educated rebels like the Reddit community there will be resistance and rejection...While I agree with /u/DavidARoop in most of his comments including his notion that AA's language needs to come into line with its official position that it is not religious the notion that that is going to happen like the Boy Scouts changed some of it's exclusionary policies--misunderstands the organizational nature of AA.  AA is organized in a way in which the individual AA weekly meetings hold the power so there is no "on high" to impose change.  I agree that change needs to happen but it has to begin with the current new generation and be imposed at the granular level first.  ..In the interim--want to get sober?  Millions of people worldwide have either gotten sober or had their lives directly or indirectly improved because AA is there.  For the 12 Steps to work in your life you only need to believe that you are powerless over alcohol and that your life is unmanageable.  If your dilemma is a lack of power you can get power and change your life and be relieved of your alcoholism by coming to believe as I did--that I am not God and that I will follow directions...
agree--thx for the post
&gt;Use of a support group **such as AA**...I think this is important. Most people need support. You don't necessarily need AA but positive people make a HUGE difference in whether or not you succeed or fail. I went to AA it wasn't for me. So I went looking for other programs. I found Women for Sobriety along with individual therapy. All I'd managed on my own was being a drunk I needed other people on my side.
Aren't there other non religious versions of AA out there?
Here's my thoughts on the subject. I can commiserate with those with no other information outside of whatever small information they had heard through the grapevine - such as it's a cult it's all about God etc. Not only fear of the unknown but fear of stuff that sounds like something many people wouldn't have anything to do with. I totally get it...My thing is about those that have at least lurked this sub for a time and have read many posts by seeming rational adults saying time and time again "just try it and see for yourself"  with those people sharing exactly what they themselves find wrong with it but that it works for them in the way that they work it - those people who read this information and keep falling down on their own STILL saying "AA isn't for me".  I don't give up on those people and don't  stop trying to help  them in their quest for sobriety because maybe AA really isn't for them and there ARE other avenues to sobriety. But after those avenues have been exhausted and it still is not working I can't help but think that those people just aren't ready to quit. They have heard and they refuse to listen. Their addiction is speaking louder than rational thought. 
Many people have found success without AA.  I've got 439 days.  My dad has something like 12-14 years.  Not liking AA is not a reason to keep drinking AA doesn't have the monopoly on not drinking.
[~25% of alcoholics quit with no program or support group.](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/08/06/AR2010080602660.html)..&gt; In a 2005 article in the journal Addiction Deborah A. Dawson and her colleagues calculated a natural recovery rate for alcoholism of 24.4 percent -- that is over the course of a year 24.4 percent of the alcoholics studied simply wised up got sick and tired of being sick and tired and quit. Without treatment and without meetings.
[deleted]
I'm not a fan of AA for many reasons and this idea that me not liking it is just an excuse I'm using not to get sober is part of why I can't stand AA. I've found other programs that work for me. I've met people who've gotten sober without any program. AA isn't the only way. 
Plenty of people use AA as a revolving door too and never get sober with it.
I've been to AA meetings in both California and North Carolina -- wow the religious orientation is totally different. In NC 80% or so of folks have a Christian higher power. At the CA meetings I attended it was only maybe 20-30%. Others had all sorts of higher powers -- my favorite was "my higher power is a tree". Whatever works .... just remember the religious/spiritual tint on your AA group is shaped A LOT by the local culture and demographics. Regardless most people are supportive of a different "type" of higher power. Just let them know if you're not Christian. Most won't try to evangelize and convert you while you're trying to quit alcohol. If they do just avoid them and find someone else to talk to. 
[deleted]
Yeah I have a problem with the religious aspect of AA too but unfortunately I have a bigger problem with booze. I can't afford to be picky or else it will all end very badly for me. ..Edit: To expand on what I wrote above: "I'd rather be sober than proud" is the mantra I've been repeating in my head anytime I find myself disagreeing with the religious aspects of AA. While I might not 100% agree with the way in which the program presents some information I 100% agree with my mantra. I've caught myself a lot with this method and it has really reinforced why I'm there - to stay sober. Hopefully other people find this useful too...35 days here - my badge hasn't been minted yet. 
I've come to think of getting sober without a support group as riding a motorcycle without a helmet...You can certainly do it for a long time with no problem.   You might find it more comfortable and less annoying.   Maybe on some level you take pride in doing it that way.   And you might cruise along for months or years...And then one day something happens out of the blue.   It isn't your fault and it's completely out of your control.   And your sobriety has shattered like brains spilled onto a curb.   You may well not be back on your feet for quite some time.
[deleted]
I can't agree more. Your post describes exactly how I feel as a non-Christian non religious person for whom AA has worked.  ..I take breaks from this sub for months at a time when I see too many "AA can't work for me" posts. Not because I blame those people for thinking that way or because I think it's the only way (I don't) but it hurts too much to see people dismiss AA for reasons that did *not* stop AA from helping me quit drinking. More than just that for helping make my sobriety joyful and profoundly enriching.  ..I struggled very hard to find a way to do the steps authentically while maintaining my intellectual integrity. It worked spectacularly but the thing is I was willing to do that when I walked in. I was willing to at least *try* to have that struggle. I don't know how you can convince people to struggle when they already think upfront that it won't work for them.   ..I agree with your post wholeheartedly but I don't think you can convince people who already have their mind made up. It's so rare to see people think this way of AA and give it a shot anyway. I try to post encouragement to those who already demonstrate a willingness to try. The other ones I've only seen it antagonize them or engage them in arguments that just set people deeper in their own camps.  ..But that's me. Thanks at least for expressing something I see as really true about the program. 
The most important thing for people to remember about AA is that the founders Bill W. and Dr. Bob invented it to deal with their own alcoholism without asking anyone's permission or sticking to any pre-established dogma. It's not a church it's not a cult and it's not a special meeting of the Oxford Group. ..So if there's too much Jesus in your local meetings for your taste *start one of your own* that's more atheist/agnostic in focus. There might be a surprising number of people in recovery who were waiting for someone to do so!
I think it's important to provide a welcoming environment for ALL types of recovery journeys. As an AA supporter you are in the majority here. There are many reasons why people may not like AA. And it has been shown NOT to be the only way. Even AA says they do not claim to have a monopoly on recovery in their own literature. But I have been told in meetings that if I don't do 90 in 90 or work the program the way they think I should I will die. That's outrageous to me. 
I can say with 100% absolute certainty that atheists can and do get sober in AA. I'm a walking talking breathing example. I was bad. I even got to the point in my disease where I acknowledged the existence of God so I could hate him and have someone to blame for my problems. 
&gt;Complete abstinence from all mood-altering substances...Does this include meds my doctor has prescribed to me such as Klonipin and Lexapro? They are certainly mood-altering. However I feel I should listen to my doctor and not AA about this. I've had people in the program tell me not to take my prescribed meds or I'm not truly sober. Is that your line of thinking too?
You will never and I mean this from the bottom of my heart NEVER find people who want you to be sober and want to HELP YOU get sober more than the strangers you'll meet in Alcoholics Anonymous. Everything you've been through I promise we have too. Everything you've lost I promise we have too. No matter how unique you think you and your circumstances are trust me you're not. I started in AA at 23 years old. The youngest person in the room at every single meeting I went to. There was no way in hell these people could empathize with me and my problems. I was so incredibly wrong. I've never had better friends in my life than the people in AA. I'm not going to sit here and say AA is the only way to get sober. There are people who will not be able to get sober in AA. It's stated several times the literature. I can say however that going through the 12 Steps correctly with a sponsor to the best of your ability WILL make you a better person. That's the only foundation you'll need to build your sobriety upon. 
[deleted]
I couldn't stick with AA because there was just too much stress in the belief in a higher power.  I don't use that as an excuse to continue to drink though.  I know that's still on me...But the advice I tend to get from people to stop drinking is to find a support group....and alcoholic support groups are overwhelming dominated by AA and 12-step based programs.  Especially in my town...I kinda don't know where else to go.  I really really tried with the 12 step thing. I tried and tried to manipulate it to mean something to me but in the end I just couldn't do it.
[deleted]
Amen bitches..Edit: I mean what this guy says. And my first meeting is tonight. I was bein a PAB about it. I can do it.
I'm in my first 48 hours of a new attempt and I'm using this forum and medical support to help. I failed twice with AA. Mostly because I wasn't using in conjunction with other aids and because I was unable to do the steps. I have a mental illness and the moral inventory (among other things) triggered delusions of guilt. ..The steps are meant to handle shame in a healthy way but for the odd-balls like me it may not work -- everyone is different. I still met some very inspirational people in AA who I learned a lot from even thought I had to explain the program wasn't right. They were pretty supportive. I also heard a lot of horror stories in AA that made me realize how important it is for me to quit before the consequences get even more severe for me. ..I'm learning what works for me and what doesn't. I'm taking what works from AA -- the inspiration I received from seeing people turn their lives around -- and combing that inspiration with the support of this forum therapy seeing my doc regularly and using diazepam to help with symptoms odansetron to help with cravings and making sure I'm stable mentally and ready to quit...I'm 48 hours in and I have a raging headache but I'm might take some more diazepam and advil for it. I managed a good walk and prepared a watch list of funny John Oliver clips to keep my spirits up. ..So far so good (relatively). I definitely feel stronger in this attempt so far than in the past but it's very early. ..I don't want to be on diazepam long-term but I've used it before with no addiction issues and even quit it after a long use with no problem. Many others may have addiction issues with it so make sure to see a doctor whether you need drugs or not. Medical support will increase you chance of quitting and will help monitor any dangerous side effects. Given my medical history and past failures I wouldn't ever rely on AA alone though I know some people who have. 
Sometimes I go to AA and sometimes I don't.  I've got a problem with drugs powdered pilled liquid.  Quitting is easy.  Dealing with life day in and day out without an escape...now that's tough.
i had drank half a case of beer a fifth of jager and taken a bunch of molly.  i felt like dogshit for 2 days straight after that...once this brutal hangover subsided i decided i was going to stop drinking.  i ended up posting a confessional about my alcoholism and my desire to quit on facebook.  I didnt do it for attention but because i needed a way to prevent myself from drinking again.  i couldnt go back on my word and look like a fool...i had an unfathomable amount of positive feedback and support... it brought me to tears.  2 months later my mom stopped drinking because of me.    i haven't drank since and neither has she.  people would come up to me and tell me how i inspired them to stop drinking or at least cut back a lot.  it was crazy to me... never in a thousand years did i think people cared about me or looked up to me...I went to AA nine times but that was mandated after a DWI from a few years back.  at the time i didnt really help me at all because i thought that those people were a lot worse off than me.  how could i be an alcoholic if these people were claiming they were?  my problem was that i would always compare myself to others and justify my drinking that way.  well at least i didnt drink every day or black out every time i drank etc...My point is this.  AA wont work nothing will work until you accept and come to terms with your addiction.  once you truly believe you have a problem then you can work towards sobriety.  AA is a place where people can accept you and your faults and where you can celebrate your sobriety with others.  you need to participate and put yourself out there and be vulnerable.  i think thats why AA didnt work for me.  I never said a word when i went because i didnt think i had a problem.
[deleted]
nice! support is imperative or i'll die alone trying to be right.
I'm doing really well without any meetings. 
&gt;Complete abstinence from all mood-altering substances...yea... about that. Look at how many people drink coffee or who smoke before and after AA meetings. Let's not get hasty now. 
My favorite post are the.."AA hasn't worked for me. I've tried it dozens of times. And no I never did the steps or even found a sponsor."..&gt;....&gt;
I haven't met anyone too dumb for AA however I have met a few who believed they were too smart for it.
The approach that seems to be most friendly and helpful to those who are struggling is to share what's working for YOU and not generalize too much.  People share all the time about how they're working their program in AA their daily decisions not to drink their CBT or meditations how Alan Carr's book helped them see alcohol in a different light.  All of these are helpful to the struggling person as they're grasping for any roadmap out of the hell of active addiction.  Extrapolating that what's working for you is what will work for everyone and implying that those who are using a different plan or even what looks to you like no plan at all to maintain their sobriety are doomed to fail is not welcoming or helpful.  ..It looks to me like you feel passionately about sobriety and are really motivated to help people who are struggling and that is awesome.  I hope you'll consider how important it is to make room for all paths to sobriety in a place like this sub.  Individual therapy regular exercise daily vigilance and connecting with other sober people online and through podcasts is working great for me.  And I appreciate that almost every person I've interacted with here seems cool with that because all they care about is helping me and others to stay sober.  If I felt like people were judging me for not "at least giving AA a try" or whatever I probably wouldn't frequent this sub as often and I know I'm not alone there.
Complete abstinence from mood altering substances? fuck that.  I gotta have my nicotine and kratom. I'm 176 days booze free though!
As long as I do whatever it takes to not drink today I'm doing well. Some days that means going to an AA meeting--others it means going for a walk in the woods. *Whatever. It. Takes.* 
I'm an agnostic sober member of AA. 4 years. ..Actually belief in god is not necessary. It's all about replacing drinking as a solution with something else that will give the same sense of ease and comfort. Being so obsessed with atheism as an identity is the sort of thinking can lead to a drink. ..It's not about believing or not believing it's about changing your behavior. An alcoholic incorporates drinking as a necessary component of survival. Without the alcohol that need still must be fulfilled. The solution must be grounded in something with depth and weight.. Something profound and important which can ultimately produce an effect even BETTER than alcohol. ..You have lost something useful to your survival for all intents and purposes. Consider this quote by neurosurgeon Andrew Newberg:.. The human brain does not even worry if the things we see are actually real. Instead it only needs to know if they are useful for survival. If a belief in God provides you with a sense of comfort and security then God will enhance your life. But if you see God as a vindictive deity who gives you justification for inflicting harm on others such a belief can actually damage your brain as it motivates you to act in socially destructive ways..Having an accurate perception of reality is not one of the brain's strong points. Indeed as Mark and I pointed out in Why We Believe What We Believe the human brain seems to have difficulty separating fantasies from facts. 
[deleted]
Just sharing my experience with AA. (-: In my last year of drinking (age 26) I drank every day for 335 days. I know this because I'd been trying to stop drinking for over a year on my own and had X'd out every day that I drank on a calendar. The days I didn't drink I was either sick or too hungover to drink. At the end of the year I was desperate - I realized I couldn't NOT drink on my own. .I was a young woman college educated advanced degree (not that it matters - just giving you my background) had a great career that was starting to go down the tubes bc of my drinking and was hopping from one failed relationship to the next. I was really scared because my parents were alcoholics and I didn't know it then but they were both dying of alcoholic cirrhosis - which if you have never seen this dis-ease up close take the life of people you love...let me tell you: it is one of the ugliest possible ways to die. .I knew if I continued to drink I would end up like my parents but first I would go to insane or kill myself from the depression that was all alcohol-induced as it turns out or I would be probably be jailed for killing someone w. my car bc I loved to drink and drive. I just did not know how to live..One night at the end of that year I found myself alone in my apartment sobbing on the floor calling hospitals (while drunk) asking people to help me. Some kind person suggested an out-patient rehab/AA program and terrified I started that week after having "one last bottle" all by myself. Went through the DTs and all that had to give up most thoughts of doing it "my way" like Frank Sinatra and I had to trust that I was in good hands that these people I met in AA who had managed to not drink for more than 24-hours and seemed to have better lives had something to teach me..I didn't tell my family I was in recovery for 2 years and when I did I was ridiculed and they repeatedly bought me alcohol and tried to get me to drink. (Today I'll watch that show Intervention with so much envy because I didn't have a family who would try to get me into recovery. I had the opposite.).I got a sponsor and I stayed in the center of the herd found 4 really strong meetings to go to during the week after that first year of going 5 or 6 times/week worked the steps with my sponsor (not perfectly - just to the best of my ability) got a commitment making coffee made new friends and didn't drink "no matter what not even if my ass fell off." .Early sobriety was a wild ride and it was an adventure. I got into some sick relationships with other alcoholics (I don't recommend that I think there is usually only room for 1 alcoholic in a relationship but that's just me) and I loved the sobriety I had the feeling being liberated from my sad addiction coming out of my isolation knowing I was no longer "alone" the feeling of my "real self" returning the idea that I now had a future I could maybe look forward to. There was now a glimmer of real hope and you could not trade that glimmer for any of the drinking I did. I got the outside help of a therapist to deal with all the stuff that goes with growing up in a severely alcoholic home and I continued going to Alanon which was a godsend for me. .On the "God thing" - I don't know anything for sure but I do know there is a power greater than me that created me so although I am not certain what God is exactly I do understand that there *is* a power greater than all of us and that understanding is at the core of my recovery..My parents ended up dying of this disease and despite all the horrible things that happened in my family because of it I was able to stay sober throughout this awful period and get through the loss of them with grace with feeling my feelings and with the help of my fellowship of AA (and a therapist!)..I just celebrated 23 years of sobriety..How in the world that happened is not a mystery to me. It is because of AA..I am married I have children I lived in Europe traveled the world had a successful career that I would not have had if I hadn't gotten the help I needed. I couldn't do it on my own no way. I am not one of those people who goes religiously to meetings - I go when I need them and we've moved and I haven't found a "home group" yet - but I believe you could probably lock me in a wine cellar and deprive me of water and I would not want to drink period because I worked the steps to the best of my ability. It says in the Big Book "We will recoil from alcohol as if from a hot flame." It sounds dramatic but this is what happened to me - if I smell alcohol particularly beer or hard alcohol - I actually physically recoil. Like Dracula probably does with garlic. (-:.I am proud of the fact that I can be in a drinking situation I can even be around drunk people and not crave alcohol - nor do I judge anyone. I just leave if I need to. Alcohol just does not work for me - for an alcoholic like me the substance of alcohol is poison. Stopping putting that in my body was the first step - and in tandem with that it was vital that I got help thru the steps with my personality defects with the "stinking thinking" I had learned from my alcoholic family and from my own decade of drinking. There is a scary symptom of active alcoholism where it takes over your brain and makes you think you are right when you aren't. So when you come into AA it's pretty important to listen to other people's wisdom for a certain period of time and just follow instructions - like paint by numbers - while you heal..I have a friend who wants to stop drinking but says that AA doesn't seem like it's "right" for her. I told her to keep going to meetings and just try to listen for the similarities not all the differences because there will always be differences. Her problem is that she isn't quite sure she has "hit bottom yet" - she still has a job a house looks good no one knows etc. For me the single most important cornerstone of my recovery is that I knew in my heart I was an alcoholic. Because I couldn't stop drinking. My friend doesn't seem to have that and if she doesn't get that certainty she may never be able to get into recovery. "The only requirement for membership is the desire to stop drinking.".What I love about AA is it is so world-wide it's everywhere there are so many meetings - all kinds of meetings. I just had to find the ones that I liked. And yes in the early days I had a militant sponsor and I pretty much did whatever she said - but in time I found "my people" in AA the generally happy ones who didn't feel the need to always talk about "putting the plug in the jug" but went deeper and talked about the "ism" that lies beneath the disease...because I no longer crave alcohol or struggle with stopping...but I've got that ism at the core of me. .Without sounding dramatic I would like to say that I think AA is the greatest invention of the 20th century. It may not work for everybody but it has worked for me and many others like me and I have a profound sense of gratitude for the rooms the steps and Bill W. and I get a little squarely when I hear people saying it doesn't work because I've seen it up close for over 2 decades now - and I have seen it does work if you are willing..I was so terrified when I stepped into my first AA meeting - I was shaking! I was worried what people would think of me. And on that same day I was moved to tears by how kind and welcoming people were -  I had found a community of people who knew what I was going through. .If you are reading this LONG blabby post and are struggling with drinking just know that if I (a daily drinker with a strong genetic predisposition to alcoholism) could stop .... anyone can. .I am not trying to push you into AA just letting you know that you can go there find meetings you like get a good sponsor fix your broken thinking and "take what you like but leave the rest." If your sponsor is too hard on you or you don't like something - know that it is within your power to change it and find what works for you within the rooms. Just don't drink no matter what and keep going to meetings and work the steps. It will get better..It is not an easy program at first but if you follow the steps you will see that it is simple. If there is some other alternative method of recovery you want to try my hat is off to you but I don't have any experience with anything different - and if it doesn't work for you there is always AA..If I can do it you can do it. .PS: You are not alone.
