-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ciotu/relapsed_last_night/

i feel like shit and incredibly guilty if you're on the edge of doing it don't.  .learn from my mistake.  .the party you might want to go to is much more fun if you're sober trust me on this.
----------immediate responses--------

I had to just not go to parties like that anymore. I recently went to Vegas and regret some of the decesions I made. I don't see too many relapse stories. It is such a feeling of not wanting to pick up and continue but you can. We are better off moving forward. Even if I was 86'ed from the Venetian Hotel &amp; Casino for life. I shouldn't be around that environment to begin with knowing my little habbits become big problems. Stay positive.  
Thanks /u/zersh for this post--so what's the plan?
What are you going to do differently so this doesn't happen again?..It is extremely risky to go to events where drinking is the primary activity.
Thanks for posting. It helps me to read it. Best of luck to you
Something I made myself Stop doing was calling each mistake I made a "relapse".  A dumb night out is maybe not ideal but I feel the AA alarmist terminology makes every "dayatatime" SO high-pressure that you're flogging yourself every time you make a mistake. It's a personal judgment "how bad" a mistake was but to me "relapse" always smelled like "fail".....good luck..&amp;try some meetings that are NOT aa .
There's no reason to feel guilty especially since you learned from your mistake.  You're back here and that's what counts.  Just get back on that horse and keep coming back to talk to us.
Thanks for posting the reminder is helpful.
Hey! One day of drinking out of how many sober? That proves you've already had some success. I'm getting back on the horse too. Though I'm using doctor supervised meds and have a new therapist which is helping. Sounds like you have amazing willpower but reach out if you need to -- you can always just see what's out there and say no if it doesn't feel right. No harm in checking out the options. But good luck -- you've already managed so much with willpower alone. Sounds like your prospects are good. Just don't let the guilt snowball -- that has derailed me in the past. Look at what you have accomplished! Already sounds pretty amazing. 
