-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ckubl/i_think_i_relapse_because_i_manage_to_get_away/

On Thursday night I relapsed. We had a client function at work and before I knew it I had a glass of red in my hand. A couple of hours later I'm the life of the part. A few more and I'm blackout drunk dirty dancing and making a spectacle of myself. A few more hours and I've lost my handbag I'm on the street in the CBD with a stranger who it appears I've been hooking up with. ..I have no money no keys to my house no phone and no jacket (it's mid winter and freezing cold here). I'm alone lost drunk and I con a taxi driver into thinking I have money so I can get to my friends house to wake her up get her to pay for my taxi and sleep on her couch...The next day I have to call work and tell them I can't come in as I've lost my keys and can't get into my house so have no clean clothes. This is the third day of work I've missed this year due to alcohol...I shamed myself in front of my colleagues I put my employment in jeopardy I stretched a friendship to its limits...On Friday I self-flagellated. All weekend I imagined the worst. And today the consequences failed to eventuate. Over the weekend I recovered all my possessions my friend was supportive and encouraging (she's knows I'm struggling to stay sober and has been amazing) and today my colleagues gave me very little grief for my mayhem. ..The forgiveness the lack of consequences all of my possessions being returned. All of this makes my guilt self disgust and resolve to not drink vanish. I start thinking maybe it wasn't so bad maybe it's not such a big deal. So what if I have a few drinks. ..Sometimes I just wish there were more consequences. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Sometimes I just wish there were more consequences...Oh trust me; there are consequences.  What you are referring to are the immediate consequences what I'm referring to are the long term impact of alcohol on your body and brain which you aren't appreciating at this moment.  Go ahead look at any of the non-ideological entries on the alcoholism like [the Wikipedia entry.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcoholism)  Of course the risk and peril for immediate death and injury you place yourself (and others) in when you drink is fantastically elevated.  In terms of the consequences you're alluding to it's probably just a matter of "yet"--but don't forget that what I'm referring to I'm 60 in a few weeks and I can no longer count the relatives friends and others prematurely dead from this disease.  
Consequences?  You have consequences coming out of your ass young lady. You are just too riddled with the affects of them to understand them. ..If you think consequences are defined by money material goods or employment keep it up you will lose all of those too. ..Good luck. 
I felt the same way for many years of my drinking. When I think of the antics I pulled and how very little material "check the box" stuff I "lost." When I think of how many times I never thought I would survive an implosion even when it related to work. Even when clients were involved. (Having a client on media tour tell me I "smelled like cocktails" and offer me a mint on media tour being a particularly cringe-worthy one...) But I still never got an official "talking to" about my drinking. In fact nobody ever even mentioned it to me and all these people are the same ones who tell me now that they "guess I picked the wrong year to quit drinking" or that I should "pick back up for a night so they can tell me about... (some situation that I don't see why I need to be drunk to have a conversation about.) Even my husband who has seen it ALL never said "hey maybe quitting is a good idea" (or after the fact "Hey I'm proud of you for quitting." or even "I'm impressed you've mad it this far.")..BUT as others have said. There were consequences. There absolutely 100% were. In fact I daresay the consequences of losing a job are nothing compared to the consequences of all the anxiety guilt self-loathing of looking back and realizing how completely I wasted 10+ years. Of looking at the personal progress I've made in just 7 months and wondering how much more I could have done with this 7 x 15. It's those consequences you don't see and that don't check the usual boxed that really matter...(And if you are hooking up with strangers without realizing it I'd be sure to get a full health check-up before being sure that didn't have any consequences symptoms or not.)..
Similar situation here. I should be either dead or in a jail cell for vehicular homicide yet I've some how managed to eek through multiple behind-the-wheel blackouts without incident. ..For too long it was easy for me to backslide due to sheer luck. Luck runs out. Don't tempt fate. Your actions affect lives and one day you will be telling a story of regret and sorrow instead of luck and forgiveness. ..It sounds like you have some pretty good people in your life. Don't wait for rock bottom. 
