-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cl2u1/go_ahead_push_that_button_and_step_off/

There was a post this morning about consequences that really touched me.  It touched me because I have seen this poster in the past and I can feel his/her struggles with this disease.  It also touched me because my life (until the last 6 months) of drinking had NO consequences...or so I thought.  I won't bore you with my story but trust me from an outside perspective no consequences...A few weeks ago I heard someone talking about this and the idea of "rock bottom" to us addicts (admission:  I steal all my good material - I don't have an original thought in my head).  ..He compared alcoholism to an elevator going down.  The final destination is simple - Hell. Until you reach Hell there is no bottom.  There are only lower and lower levels.  The ride takes longer for some but the final resting spot for this elevator is always the same....a miserable guilt ridden death.  Here is the thing about this elevator ride we call alcoholism....there are numerous buttons inside this elevator that when pressed will stop it dead in its tracks and the doors will open.  Almost all of us have pushed one of those buttons at some point in our disease.  Hell many of you today are possibly pushing the button for the very first time since you got on the elevator...YOU JUST CAN'T PUSH THE BUTTON!  While stopping the elevator and opening the doors seems like a big deal you have to step off that elevator.  You have to step off walk down a hallway open more doors fight and search but ultimately find the door to outside into the sunlight and leave that building...never to return!  Get as far away from it as you can.  ..You see if you don't step off the elevator and do those things the doors will simply close and the ride down to your own personal Hell will begin again....
----------immediate responses--------

I love this! I've heard the elevator analogy before but never the idea of taking action to step off and get yourself out of the building. Rings very true. Thanks for sharing!
Love this!  
I steal all the good material too and add it to my notes. Just added a new pages about the elevator ride...This place is good for helping you push the button. And good for helping you down the hall and through the doors. 
Thank you for posting this. Great analogy. 
The elevator analogy was one of the first one of the first I read here. It got me through many of the early days. Fuck it I'd rather take the Steps. 
Thanks for this. The challenges I'm finding with the elevator analogy are two-fold. while not stated in the analogy per se there's this implied idea that the final resting place (hell) is in at least some way sort of arbitrary. If your "floor" is -34 and hers is 26 (two levels from the top) how do we make sense of all of this?? What is the point with levels if the relationship is arbitrary and one person's level is "a little tipsier than I would prefer. I need some help so I can return to my successful writing career" while another's has included multiple hospital visits and three DUIs..Perhaps related to the above how do we account for alcoholics with the disease who make it thru life without any of those experiences with hell that you imply. I watched a friend's 74 year old uncle die of alcohol related complications though he had other health problems...He was a very happy and satisfied man until the day he died and would always beam with pride when speaking about his remarkably well-adjusted kids. He was wildly successful and traveled the world. And just happened to have a bottle of jack every day of his life. So on what floor is his hell? Is there a hell for him?..Was there a hell for Hemingway? Bukowski? Doc Severenson? I don't know that answer...
So you mean the elevator only goes down? And you have to get off at whatever floor you can and start looking for the stairs?
Nicely put I completely agree. ..Personally I have never found the whole "rock bottom" thing very useful because its too subjective and I for one can always manage something worse for myself. ..Maybe rock bottom is just where you decided to get off your personal elevator to hell that works for me.
I like your metaphor.  Being metaphorically inclined I will expand:..Once you've stepped off the elevator and begun the process of opening doors you must assume that many of those doors will be the WRONG DOOR for you.  Sober living is a huge building and somewhere in those hallways is a door that leads to each person's way of light.  Or several...But because we're all different just because you open ONE door and that's not the path for you DON'T just get back on the elevator.  Keep cruising the hallway and opening more doors.  If you see other people that seem to have things in common with you going through a door then sure try that one.  But don't be afraid to walk all alone through your own door if that's the one that leads you to your path.
I got off the elevator more than once my problem was staying off the elevator. ...Before I got over the elevator idea living life on the stairs just sucked. Didn't I deserve to ride the elevator I mean I'm a grown man I'm educated married I have children a home; I'm riding the elevator. ...I had to stop riding the elevator or I would lose everything I'd worked for so I did and I used the stairs for years but I could never get the thought of riding the elevator out of my head. I tried every thing I could think of to make me happy with the stairs and eventually I came to the conclusion that "Nope this doesn't work either I still miss the elevator." I missed the elevator so much and couldn't see it for what it was that I nearly killed myself instead of going on without riding the elevator. ...That's it I'll never not ride the elevator again this is the only thing that makes me happy. But the elevator was different this time it went down faster and I was out of control sick immediately. There was no fun or party on this elevator and I was not allowed to get off the doors were sealed shut or so I thought....Man I'm lucky to have got off that ride but more than that I'm luckiest to have let go of the idea that riding the elevator is ever going to be the way it used to be.
My favorite: ..You've hit your bottom when you decide to put down the shovel. ..It doesn't matter whether it's low or high or anywhere in between it's the active decision to ACTIVELY stop drinking. It's giving up on getting worse. 
[deleted]
