-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cnkhv/my_heart_feels_full_today/

Hi everyone! Can I share something with you real quick?..Background: A few months ago I moved across the country with my SO to the same town where my mom lives now. We've always been very close and it's been amazing spending time in person with her again but she has no idea about my dependency on alcohol. I've been tempted to tell her I'm quitting *for now* and just come up with some excuse why (unsurprisingly alky brain doesn't want to be tattled on). ..Well today I told her I'm not drinking any more period. I didn't go into any gory details but I also didn't lie. I said how it's been feeling like a problem and I'm ready to cut it out of my life and she was completely supportive. She replied that it's a good idea to stop now before it becomes more of a problem and strongly encouraged my plan to start therapy next week. ..When I got home my SO was talking about his birthday next month. He casually mentioned the idea of going to a bar then immediately said "You know what? Never mind. I don't want to put you in that position. I don't need booze to have fun." So now we'll be going to a water park instead which sounds like a hell of a better time.    :)..In conclusion I just wanted to share how grateful I feel today for the support of the two most important people in my life. Coming clean about my struggles has been hard but it's nothing compared to how freeing it feels to let go of all the secrecy...Anyway sorry for the long text - hope you all have a great sober day/night!
----------immediate responses--------

This was awesome!  Thank you and congrats on having a great support group.  
Nice when a plan comes together this way :)
Thank you for sharing this. I know all parents aren't the same but at the core what hurts me the most is seeing my kid suffer and be powerless to help or cut out because of embarrassment. My son is 19 now and of course I'm scared shitless he will take my path. I really glad you told your mother my mom is my hero her support is huge for me. On that note OnePaleBlueDot (?) did the same thing with their mom today and like you very glad they did...I think it's fair to say that most of us are at our happiest when we help some else so if there is support out there for you give them the gift of happiness by accepting their support.
Nice!  Goosebumps.
