-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cpnxz/i_relapsed_after_27_days_i_believe_after_horrible/

I stayed sober for 27 days after a horrible horrible withdrawal last time I for sure thought I had it down I was around my church group got baptized was looking for jobs super motived didn't even crave alcohol.  Then one night at a friend's house (who drinks) He left for work and I saw a half full bottle of vodka (he had been drinking beer which I was fine with I don't drink it) my drink.  For some reason without thinking I grabbed it and drank it and BOOM a week and a half more or less binge went on and I quit now I'm 7 days after a double HORRIBLE HORRIFIC withdrawal I hope I learned my lesson and get it right this time.  STAY AWAY FROM DRINKERS.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! What you may have just experienced is called kindling... where repeated withdrawal attempts get progressively worse.  Luckily you NEVER have to through it again. ..Do you have a good sobriety and support plan in place this time around?  Therapy? Meetings? ..Congrats on 7 days. 
Ouch. I had the same problem the other night. An old friend came over on the night of my 4th day sober and brought a bottle of wine. Since it was my weekend and for the sake of camaraderie I decided to have one glass. one turned to two two turned to me walking to the gas station to buy more once that was gone I spent the night and all of the following day pounding my roommates beer and jim beam all alone. While I'm sad I couldnt even make it 7 days I learned through it all that my problem is worse than I thought. I'm a lot more scared of this now and know that I need to be taking this more seriously than I currently am. 
It only takes a minute to make a crazy decision.  I have learnt that the hard way.  There is a wee saying in AA and it goes like this. "Think Think Think".  Took me a long time before I actually paid heed.  Well done on getting back on the wagon.  I know them withdrawals only too well.  Don't want to meet them again.
I went through a similar thing so I'm glad that you made it through and you're back.  Now you have a renewed source of motivation: the knowledge that another withdrawal has the potential to be even worse!  Luckily you can save yourself from ever experiencing that again. 
What are you doing for support? Staying away from drinkers is good until the next time you find yourself near some drinkers. What can you add to your plan?
