-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cqz6i/after_making_it_18_days_i_had_a_drink_and_have/

It is so embarrassing having to ask for a badge change yet again.  I think this is the third time since joining this subreddit?..Today is different though.  I have come completely clean with my family and friends and have attended a meeting last night after work and am meeting with a potential sponsor tonight at a "step" meeting...I had the phone numbers and never used them.  Now I'm using them...There are countless meetings in my area but I told myself I only "had time" for two a week.  Now I'll make time to get to one every day...Lastly I need to stop worrying about my close friends who are also struggling with alcohol.  If they ever want to attend a meeting with me they're welcome to come.  But at least for the foreseeable future they cannot be in my life. ..In part of my recovery I plan on spending less time on the Internet but when I do I'll make sure to spend some of it here with you guys...PS. If anyone is struggling with stopping and going stopping and going over and over and *hasn't* attended a meeting I highly suggest you do.  Having a community of like people around you is quite powerful.  I've been an atheist since I was a child: if that's the only thing holding you back don't let it be...edit: words.
----------immediate responses--------

As a serial relapser in the beginning myself it sounds like the road you have picked is the same as the one I picked.  Getting honest with your self and others is half the battle.  Your post is extremely positive which is a good thing.  Good luck and enjoy the journey.
Awesome post my friend! Few if any of us get it handled on our first try doesn't make it easier to know that but clearly it is kinda of a good thing because you now know what it is going to take and what must be done. Stick close to us check in check often.
Just a suggestion: Spending less time in drug subs is probably going to be absolutely critical for continued success. Even if you aren't using that kind of talk is just soaking in a culture you don't need to be surrounded by right now...Didn't mean totallly past-post-stalk you but I like to get some context on where people are at when they make posts like this...TL:DR: More time here less time on "Fucked Up Fridays"
Good luck starting again!  It may suck that you relapsed for a bit but it's good that you're getting right back on the horse.  May this be your last first day!
Dont worry. I've reset my badge way more times than you:) I think I may get an award soon
Yeah one drink never worked out for me.  What worked out for me was making a daily decision not to drink TODAY and living up to my commitment. to myself.  AA meetings made a huge difference for ME because I went in with the attitude that I didn't need to fix AA I needed to fix me.
