-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2crs0a/hypochondriac_terridied_of_withdrawls/

Here's a vicious cycle for you: I have been in a struggle with not drinking or controlling my drinking for a year or so. I wouldn't say I've hit rock bottom I am very high functioning and successful. I fail for the usual temptations: my room mate drinks my buddies drink I get stressed out I think it's no big deal. I'm want to stop but I have this little voice and paranoia that keeps me drinking: I have heard horror stories about withdrawals and I have the irrational fear of them happening to me even if I take a night off. The shame of having to tell my friends girlfriend and family that I have become dependent on alcohol.  Backwards thinking? Yes absolutely. I supposed I am posting here because I feel somewhat at a loss. I don't think I've ever had any withdrawals at least nothing outside of sleeplessness. When I stop I just fear the worst and it sends me into this anxious cycle. I've been to the doctor about anxiety before the meds made me very weird so I've opted to learn to deal with it on my own. Where do I start? Start going a couple nights a week and see what happens? ..I know it's stupid but it's what I'm going through and I figured I'm not going to get better by just sitting here being anxious.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I figured I'm not going to get better by just sitting here being anxious...You're not. And alcohol makes anxiety worse anyways. By continuing to drink (I'm assuming your badge is not accurate) you're feeding the very thing you fear. You're correct in that it is a vicious cycle. You must put an end to it. ..&gt;The shame of having to tell my friends girlfriend and family that I have become dependent on alcohol...The GF might be harder to work around but don't tell anyone until you have some significant time under your belt. Maybe 30 days. Keep it secret. If your friends ask why you aren't drinking tell them it's for health reasons. And that isn't even a lie; your anxiety is through the roof...Yes withdrawals can suck but from the way you speak yours probably won't be too bad. Some sleeplessness some irritability. But nothing terrifying. ..&gt;When I stop I just fear the worst and it sends me into this anxious cycle...You must take action. You said it yourself that you take a day off sometimes. If you can get through a day off without any crazy withdrawals then you'll be fine. You have to try. You were not meant to languish in this cycle and the only person on earth that can break it for you is you. You have to try. ..And you're in the right place. Keep coming back to read and post everyday. Be active in your recovery. Take action. Do something different. Break the cycle. 
&gt; Where do I start? Start going a couple nights a week and see what happens?..Why not?  Can't hurt.  Go with a willing and open mind.  Listen as intently as possible.  
If you are really that afraid of withdrawals even though you haven't had any before see a doctor and they will make sure you'll be okay. If the doc gives you the ok to go cold turkey do it. If you aren't worried enough to go see a doctor about it you probably have a sense that you won't actually have a withdrawal issue...Sounds like your brain is likely using that backwards alcoholic thinking and coming up with excuses to keep you drinking. I wouldn't worry about telling your friends and family right now. That doesn't matter. I still haven't "come out" about my drinking problem to my family or most of my friends - it's nobody's business but my own. What matters is stopping. Maybe the hypochondria can be a motivator - just think of all the damage excessive drinking does to the body...Good luck! Stick with it. We're all here if you need to talk!
[deleted]
I found that sober time lessened the anxiety a lot. 
Please reset your badge. I wish you all the well as does the rest of the community but accurate numbers of days sober is what that badge reflects. There is definite need for you  to seek help in any way you can. Accountability is key right now. Don't let the thoughts of possible (temporary only) withdraws keep you inside the twisted mess that is alcohol addiction. Cause alcohol addiction is far worse than a week or so of withdraws. Which you may not even have! Sounds like an excuse to drink more than a will to stop. Not being mean but I'm trying to push your mind into seeing what lies in between your typed lines. Get better and keep us updated. ..Thanks
[deleted]
You are just self medicating with alcohol.  Fix the real issue.  Withdrawals will suck but think of the bigger picture.  ..I'm on day 5 and I still haven't slept well.  But I use it as my motivation to move away from my dependency...
Same boat as you. Hypochondriac Alcoholic. Here's what you're in for...1. I got incredibly dizzy/disoriented/sleep deprived everyday due to drinking - I panic.. get anxiety which makes everything WAY worse.. eventually it got so bad that I HAD to go the Dr. route (which no man alive hates more than me).. once you hit that level of fucked-up-ness you'll realize it. I had trouble focusing on objects/severe brain fog...2. The Dr. will scare the shit out of you - guaranteed and you will get even more anxious before going in and while talking to him... guaranteed...3. You'll have to do blood tests etc...4. And once you REALLY stop drinking - you're body is going to fuck you right back for the years of abuse you've put it through. It's real.. and scary and you will think you will want to die.. reaching for a bottle and continuing on the path you were on will seem very good to you at this point...--- this is where I feel weak people are separated from the strong -- ..5. You will realize that you're living a terrible life closed off from opportunity due to your addiction.. you'll realize you want a healthy life to live with your girlfriend/wife/dog whatever.. and that you're being selfish and generally a dickhead due to your drinking. Then you will man the fuck up (or woman the fuck up as it goes) and tell yourself that although you feel like shit and you think you are going to die (or think that you want to die) you will realize that people have much worse shit to deal with than your selfishly self-inflicted disease of alcoholism. Kids that don't make it to their 10th birthday cancer AIDS tumours etc. and you're just feeling like shit because you've been drinking for ever...6. You will push the fuck through and persevere.. you will want to die.. you will sit on the couch and fight with your mind and your sanity and you will win each and every battle...7. Days will go by and you will steep deeper and deeper into fucked-upness.. tremors.. night sweats.. shaking.. emotional detachment.. anger.. fevers.. puking up bile.. dizziness/confusion.. but they will be nothing compared to the mind numbing panic attacks that will have your heart racing and make you feel like you're living in the middle of a car-crash. ..8. You will continue to buck the fuck up at this point and do it for everyone that loves you....9. Then one day you will wake up one morning - open your eyes.. and you will sense that you don't feel as bad as the day before. You still feel like shit - big time... but it's slightly less than the day before. This should give you hope...10. The next day you might feel worse.. but you're going to hang on to that hope you had the day before..11. Guess what - you feel a little better than the day before... you're on the mend. You're going to continue to drink lots of water/vitamins/eat healthy food (this is what you have been doing the whole time obviously)..12. You will realize that the worst of it is over and be excited for HOW much better your life is about to get..Don't be weak - don't be scared. 
