-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cyfsz/just_checking_in/

Hey /r/stopdrinking!  I haven't been very active recently and I know there isn't anyone here waiting for a post or something but felt like a good evening to check in and say hi. ..The fact that I am closing in on a year and a half sober seems both remarkable and completely ordinary.  I think I have hit a stride when it comes to staying sober and the time just keeps passing day by day.  I still have dark moments but overall the struggle is gone.  I don't spend my evenings wishing I could drink I can be around people drinking and not feel temptation and I can accept where I am...I have made the decision to not stay overly active in recovery programs because for me they tend to force me to dwell on my problems and reignite old temptations.  I got tired of being broken and for me personally many programs were a constant reminder of that.  This isn't said to encourage others to follow that path but more so to remind everyone that this is a journey and that we all have to find the route that works for us.  I am endlessly thankful for you all here.  I credit my success these 490+ days to the wise words and support I received from you all...If you're struggling and hurting please hang in there.  I was there with you.  My entire life hurt.  My relationships my health my work my heart.  I am not here claiming that sobriety removed every struggle from my life but man the pain is definitely lessened.  I can feel joy.   Most of all I can feel hope.  I can see life around me and appreciate it.  I no longer live in the black hole of pain that alcohol brought to me.  I am usually not very reflective on this but sometimes I just look around me in awe of what is granted to me in this short life.  Its not the personal accomplishments its just the ability to live in my own skin with some sense of comfort.  So again to all you struggling I feel for you and know that the fight is worth it.  You are not destined to be broken forever take this moment to make a positive change.  ..Thank you all again for everything you have helped me accomplish!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your post for someone newly sober (again but with help this time) it really gives me a lot of hope. Glad to hear that you're doing well! 
I'm just about 6 months behind you. I do t think taking a couple steps back on activity with recovery. As with any disease model in the beginning it has to be vigorously treated to stop a spreading wild fire once the flames have died down and the earth is just smoldering there is no need to continue arial assault dropping flame retardant. Just keep a close eye on what is smoldering. ..I spent 10 years trying to get 90 days in a few weeks I have a year. I leaned heavily on AA to keep me sober with the intent of designing a program for myself that was more in line with my faith because AA alone wasn't going to cut it for me a tweak here and there and I have a workable solution for me. I backed off on meetings I probably wouldn't have backed off as much were it not for the quality of the limited meetings here as compared to the recovery community of San Diego &amp; Chicago which I adore. Like you said we have to carve our own path no two recoveries are the same...
Hey /u/tripsd -- nice to see you update.   Congrats on an almost year and a half.
Hello and thanks for the encouraging update. We need folks like you around here! ..Bravo for 496 days. You're closing in on the big 500!
congrats..&gt;I got tired of being broken and for me personally many programs were a constant reminder of that. This isn't said to encourage others to follow that path but more so to remind everyone that this is a journey and that we all have to find the route that works for us....No kidding...I find that in spades but I keep ducking and weaving because I'm not bad trying to be good I was sick and am getting well...The message of a successful recovery is one that is seldom heard and you can tell when someone shares if they want what they have.
I'd actually encourage you to do more work on your recovery if doing so causes you to be uncomfortable. This kind of ignoring a problem is very similar to drinking to avoid a problem if you can see that parallel. I'm by no means perfect I too do my own thing I attend a meeting a week and it's what works for me very similar outlook on my sobriety. It's remarkable and it's ordinary...Seriously though recovery isn't about remaining still because the whole cunning baffling powerful thing kicks in. I have never relapsed personally but the people in meetings who talk about how they went about relapse it all starts the same they stop going to meetings and do the whole "On my own" thing. There's more to sobriety than just not drinking and I'm sure you know that too. ..I'm not saying where you are is chaos but complacency is the death of discipline. When you talk about your work on yourself it seems like you've got some stuff still bothering you which wont go away by ignoring it my friend. I'm not saying this out of contempt but out of compassion as someone else who's an alcoholic with a colourful past that I struggle to not be ashamed of
