-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2cz5pd/frustrated_progress/

Last week I naively decided to hang out with a friend who is actively drinking/smoking on my six month anniversary. Typing it out I sound like an idiot but I honestly didn't think it was a bad idea at the time. She asked me how I was doing and I had just gotten my six month chip so I showed it to her and told her how recovery was going since that's what's on my mind ALL THE TIME these days. She became very defensive and hurtful and was pretty incapable of being happy for me. Specifically I told her I was upset that there are people I know who are (self-admitted) active alcoholics and their careers/love lives are in ridiculously better shape than mine. These people function better in society while drinking alcoholically than sober me does. She agreed with my assessment...In retrospect none of this is surprising considering my audience. We haven't talked since then over a week ago. But I'm heartbroken. I don't have many friends and I thought we had made this transition to a sober friendship but I suppose I am more of a threat than a friend now. ..At six months sober I still feel like I'm still struggling every day. The compulsion to drink has gone away but I have no idea how to live a sober fulfilling life. I'm a 28-year-old womanchild. I experience debilitating anxiety about everything: taking my clothes to the laundromat going to the post office for a stamp grocery shopping the physical act of paying my rent everything. ..My sponsor gave me some "tough love" last night and told me I was taking too long to find a psychiatrist. (He's right; I've been "looking" for four months.) When we hung up the phone I started to cry. He had told me to write down every time during the day that I feel like a victim; turns out I feel victimized at least once every waking hour.  ..I know stopping drinking doesn't magically solve my issues. I'm working with a therapist I have a sponsor I go to three to four meetings a week and I'm working the steps. I also know that drinking again will only make things worse and I don't feel tempted in the least. ..How do I stop being such an ineffective person? How do I find other things to talk about other than sobriety? 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;How do I stop being such an ineffective person? ..I don't know about anyone else but I read your post and I see a very effective person.  Perfect?  Of course not.  Better than you were 6 months ago?  I am betting yes!..What do they say...."we seek progress not perfection"?  I think you should be proud of your progress and trust that you will continue to progress if you keep doing what has been working already.  In another 6 months I will bet your life will be much different (for the better) than it is today...Just my thoughts.....  Good luck!
6 Months sober!  That is a great accomplishment!  It takes a strong person to get there!!!  What new hobbies/interests have you tried?  A good conversation technique is to ask open ended questions about the other person.  This will shift the talk from sobriety to their interests and lives..
How can you change? by doing what you are doing by realizing the traps you are setting for yourself are not doing you any good.  By being willing to change.  I see all that in your post...Next time you come to a corner turn.  it may be THE corner.
I've read your post and the thread. ..Imagine if you had not stopped drinking 189 days ago. Where would you be now? Compare that visual to where you are at this moment...
Help someone else...Just fucking do it. I didn't like it I thought I couldn't do it I certainly didn't want to do it and I certainly didn't believe that it was going to help but I did it. ...&gt;We know what you are thinking. You are saying to yourself:  I'm jittery and alone. I couldn't do that.  But you can. You forget that you have just now tapped a source of power much greater than yourself. To duplicate with such backing what we have accomplished is only a matter of willingness patience and labor...A.A. World Services Inc (2013-12-02). Alcoholics Anonymous 4th Edition .....You have within you the power tap into get in touch with it rely on it...Good luck.
I can 100% sympathize with you. Every new thing makes me anxious. Going to a new restaurant going to a farmer's market finding a new whatever.  The thing is I know that once I do it that first time it is going to become easier and easier to do again. So I push myself to do it even when all I want is to sit in my house all safe and sound. I think part of the anxiety is not knowing exactly what to expect and doing the wrong thing and getting told by someone that I'm WRONG. Why that is so scary to me? I don't know. Money also stresses me out a bunch but I just started working on my budget. I believe if we just continue to persevere through our discomfort we will become more capable confident full on adult women.
