-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2d3lpo/limbo/

It's not that I want to drink per se but I want to escape. I'm not dealing with life too well at the moment. ..On the one hand I feel virtuous about being sober and having quit smoking. But I'm struggling to find real pleasure in anything ... feeling virtuous doesn't equal feeling good or happy. ..Ran for the first time in a while yesterday and nothing. ..I'm just going through the motions.
----------immediate responses--------

I totally understand. Have you had a few good days along the way?..I went to a comedy show and laughed my ass off last night but I honestly don't know if I was genuinely having fun. I laughed because it was polite to. It was the oddest sensation - I felt like a phony in some ways but I was going through the motion...There's an old psych experiment where they had people hold a pencil horizontally in their teeth so it forced their facial muscles to contort in a smily kind of way. There's another group who did some distractor task without the pencil and just held a comfortable neutral expression. The people with the pencil-smiles reported being happier than the control group afterwards which the researchers attributed to holding a smile while they were doing some distractor task...This is all to say maybe going through the motions is okay. For instance when I stopped drinking I wasn't sure I wanted to but I was sure I needed to. I acted like I wanted to and I started to genuinely gather a sense of desire to maintain sobriety. That comes and goes but it's nice when it's there. ..I don't know what to say to help except that I'm in a really similar boat and I'm glad you made this post. ..edit.._____..psst this was posted elsewhere and I can't find the original poster but I'll credit them when I do: http://blog.smartrecovery.org/2014/07/29/am-i-going-crazy/#more-5915 
Your brain chemistry sounds out of whack UR. Please tell me butt out if I'm crossing a line here but may I ask why you started on mood stabilizers?  Was it because of this feeling your experiencing now?..Keep exercising....studies have shown that not only does it help by releasing endorphins but that it can actually help repair the damage done to the brain from excessive drinking. ..Are you still meditating? Kick my ass from across the interwebs if I'm being too nosy.  I have my worry wart mom hat on now. 
I hit a limbo point at around 125 too. Getting to 100 felt so huge and pretty fast but then the days just seemed to tick by (not that watching the clock is productive.) But i definitely remember having some "fake it till ya make it" days/weeks in there.
I'm still working on this too. I often feel emotionally flat. I'm certain I will learn how to feel content again if I just hang in there long enough. A lot of sobriety is relearning how to live. I knew how to do it when I was a kid I'll figure it out again.
Hang in there /u/urbanrunnner -- the miracles and excitement lay ahead if you don't drink.  Remember when you ran your first really long race--hitting the wall?  How did you get through the wall and to the other side?  Sometimes one painful step at a time.  
As /u/pollyannapusher mentioned and I don't mean to cross a line either but are you taking medication as prescribed or is it not prescribed? Having a program of recovery and a support group got me through periods of "limbo". I hope you find the support you need and deserve. 
I felt like that at about 90 days up until about 3 weeks ago. Nothing really helped like you I was just going through the motions in life. Not happy with anything and I was tired and depressed all the time...It passed. I'm still sober. And now I feel a lot better and I am in a much better position to make myself even happier. Tough out the tough times its worth it...Forcing myself back into exercise really helped. I lift and for a few weeks I had a few really bad workouts not making progress and half assing some days by going home early. But I made it through got a better job makin dem gainz at the gym and mountain biking on days off. ..So I know how you feel just make it through this with the same grit and determination.
I. Am. In. The. Same. Boat. Except I need to get off my ass and start running again partaking in the great outdoors getting those endorphins pumping. I feel like caca but at least doing small things around the house has helped me feel better... Also I heard someone say at a meeting yesterday "If you want to feel good do estimable acts." So I shall. Good luck to you. 
[deleted]
Don't over-think things.  How about get into bed with a book or a movie?  Enjoy that.  If you're struggling with smoking then by all means go out there and get some snacks.  Keeping your hands and mouth busy when you've quit smoking (and drinking) is hard.  So eat lots of snacks and don't beat yourself up about it.  I ate tonnes of crap for a long time when I quit and I lost weight!! Because the crap was still less calories than the booze was...If you're feeling like you've plateaued or you're bored start thinking about hobbies and activities that your brain likes that can keep you busy. Running anything else?  What are you good at?  Do you write?  Read?  Paint?  Play guitar?  Find something you can learn and work at being better at.  The more you work on new projects and accomplishments the further you'll get from your old tricks and the more your brain will 'default' to these activities instead of falling back into old programmes...Congrats on being as far along as you are!
Sometimes going through the motions is all we have. Your motions--and more importantly your successes--have been inspiring me. You are one of the cohort ahead of me that shows me the things to look forward to the challenges ahead and strategies I will need when I get there. Thanks.
Zig Ziegler wrote "Wake up tomorrow morning put your two feet on the ground slap your hands together triumphantly and say this is going to be the best day of my life and I feel energized"   Doing this you will realize you have told a whopper a very big lie.  However if you do it the following day as well you will find that going through the motions is a good thing.  You will have told a smaller lie and soon you will honestly feel that "This will be the greatest day of my life and I am energized"   Im only on day 2  Thanks for the encouragement that I will make it another day
