-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2d4n4n/losing_friends/

Guys I am entirely ready to give up alcohol for good.  I recently went three weeks and have relapsed this past week by going out 3-4 nights out of the week for drinks with friends.  The sober weeks were fantastic due to the peace of mind I felt but I am just SO worried about losing friends and becoming a social pariah without alcohol.  I know everyone says to just be the same person without the crutch of a drink but I have no desire to be at bars when I'm sober and unfortunately bars are the only types of places that my friends socialize at.  ..I guess what I'm asking is did any of you guys really lose friends over your decision?  My girlfriend and I would join a church youth group or something to meet sober and likeminded people but neither of us are very religious.  
----------immediate responses--------

in the same boat here! I await replies :)
Here is how I made some new friends I started volunteering in my community I alternate working at a food bank and a soup kitchen I've met really great people who value their community and see the value in helping others. I went to meetup.com and joined a couple groups that interested me. ..This next one was several years ago when I lived somewhere with a much larger social circle my ex and I organized a monthly kickball game at a park had a blast friends brought their kids as it progressed we took our BBQ grill and did hot dogs and hamburgers it progressed another step after I left San Diego that is still going strong it's now a charity monthly game for local charities. OR you can go to http://www.kickball.com/ and form your own team...There's a whole world out there that is not in a bar. 
I've lost most of my friends because of my drinking. Over the last while though I've been thinking that they are all drinkers too and the only thing they have in common in alcohol. So since I resolved to change I've been making new friends more from the set of people I share interests like cycling  running weight loss or whatever with. Join a club related to a hobby you have that's not drink related. Stay away from church groups. All they do is judge outsiders and that's the last thing you need right now. 
[deleted]
I lost people I considered friends. Thing is in hindsight they were just drinking buddies. For every person I've lost contact with I've found ~2 sober friends via recovery meetings. Sobriety has certainly made me redefine my definition of what real friendship is. ..Great post!
Friends will stick by you drinking buddies will not.  Drinking buddies will tell you that you don't really have a problem - because your quitting scares the hell out of them.     ..There is a world full of sober people.  They are not found in bars.   My path included AA it is where I have met a lot of amazing interesting people the same ones in the bars but they don't need "loans" have much less drama and don't puke on your shoes or pass out and pee on your couch.
If I lost friends over my decision to stop drinking they weren't friends to begin with.
There's a lot of people even in their 20's who don't drink 3-4 nights a week. Getting sober seems like a good time to explore sports and hobbies. meetup.com might be a good place to start. ..The last couple of weeks I haven't spent any time with friends now that I think about it. I'm normally a social person I've just been enjoying spending time with myself in my sober head if that makes any sense. I'm not worried about it - I think this is a pretty normal reaction and I assume that I'll get back into the groove of hanging out with the friends I should keep when I'm ready. 
