-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2d81v8/ruined_relatioship_anxiety_and_relapse/

I feel like shit. And not even because I relapsed but... well that too but... let me explain: .I was supposed to be sober the whole weekend and until Sunday evening everything went great. My GF (and the mother of our children) was partying friday night and I stayed at home with the kids. Saturday I felt great and Sunday even better. Sunday did some exercise around noon and it felt absolutely amazing. I don't remember me being so happy and positive. And now to the bad part.....After exercise I came to read some of your stories and while I was about to shut down the computer I noticed my GF facebook was open in another browser she was taking a nap at the time. There's been some oddities lately like the previous night she had only couple of drinks and still kept partying until 2am even though she had really early appointment the next day and she's normally really responsible. Anyway I thought nothing of it at first. But then maybe the clearer head of mine after a few days of sobriety put two and two together with some other minor stuff and I couldn't resist my curiosity to make sure everything was ok. And there it was... just a few messages about going to afterparty with some dude she wasn't even fb friends with. Could have been just the guy who was trying to hit on her but something about the messages suggested that there must have been something going on with them even if it was only flirting it must have been pretty intense for him to write her what he did. The point was that too bad she missed the afterparty but maybe next time but there were implications of some previous messaging. ..I have been suffering from depression for couple of years now as well as some anxiety. My situation at work is down right awful. I HATE my job. I don't even know what I am supposed to do there and I don't have the slightest interest of the whole industry the company is involved. I did a happiness and motivation at work test and the results suggested that on scale 0-10 my work motivation is 0.0 Well I have to agree. ..Anyway I just panicked after reading the FB messages. I know there might be an innocent explanation but at least I now know she doesn't mind flirting with guys (which is to some extent ok) and imply her willingness to attend to afterparty. I just had to get out of our house for a walk and have a smoke. I quit smoking three years ago but during the summer I've had couple of cigars so I had access to them. after 45 minutes I went back to our house and my GF had woken up and noticed me being very upset. I couldn't just say that I read her facebook so I just said I have a bad gut feeling about how things have been lately and she agreed and suggested we would talk more if I'm so upset. She was genuinely worried of my reaction. I said I'm not ready to talk yet. Anyway I went out and came back after kids were in bed. It was only then when I had my first drink a glass of wine. I just couldn't even look her in the eyes anymore. I not sure was it because I had some explaining to do about my behaviour or the fact that I felt she had done something wrong. Anyway she tried to ask me several times what happened that got me so upset. I just told her that gut feeling I've had before in my previous relationship where my now ex-gf cheated. I think she knows I saw her FB because after that she logged out of facebook where she is usually always logged in on our computer as well as tablet. I ended up having maybe 4 or 5 glasses of wine...I know I'm probably overreacting but all of my fears that I've fucked up over the years with my drinking is just too much to handle... I had a minor anxiety attact at work today I just had a heavy feeling at my chest and I started crying. I went for a walk and it helped a little..I have been struggling the last few years and I'm not sure if I could handle a breakup but I do know I cannot handle being suspicious. Should I confront her and tell her what I did? She will of course deny everything but I don't want things being like this.  ..I don't want to go home I don't want to drink and I don't want to smoke... But I bet I'll do... .
----------immediate responses--------

FACEBOOK IS AN INSTRUMENT OF THE DEVIL...I am only half kidding.   Do not drink - that will solve nothing and will only put you in a position to make things a whole lot worse.  period...I have no idea not a clue as to how to handle your situation.  But drinking will be the worst thing you can do.  You will likely do things say things that you may regret for a long long time.   
When I make a decision not to drink TODAY it is not contingent on what other people do.  If someone is disturbing me drinking cheating or tempting me--I go to an AA meeting I talk to my sponsor I communicate on SD or with my other recovery support network.  Drink is not an option and as a result I am able to keep my wits about me and make sober choices.
Drinking will make everything worse not better.  It always seems like an escape but I always end up digging my hole even deeper.  
Is there any sane way out of this except to tell the truth?..Drinking is insanity.
I've discovered that how I'm doing is not how I'm feeling. I can feel like dogshit and still do OK. I do OK when I don't drink. 
