-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2d84v2/maybe_i_dont_want_this_as_much_as_i_thought/

Hi guys...It's been a relatively easy 40 days & 40 nights (well 41 now but it doesn't have that ring to it!).  But I'm starting to get concerned about my commitment to sobriety for two reason...First I've seen a lot of people say things like "Why not go to AA/SMART/whatever?  You're not taking advantage of your whole sobriety toolkit!".  I haven't gone to a meeting and haven't told friends/family that I've stopped drinking for real.  I think a lot of it is due to fear but seeing people talk about it has started to make me think that the fact that I'm not reaching out is an indicator that I actually plan to drink again?..The second is I've been getting frustrated having to "avoid" drinking situations lately.  It's not about not being able to make sober friends - it's that I feel net-worse after turning down a potentially fun situation because I am worried I might drink there.  Last night my roommate had friends over drinking and I sequestered myself in my room rather than accept their invitations to hang out - I woke up this morning crying in frustration over it.  I know I'm not a "normal" drinker but I want to be able to hang out with my colleagues friends roommates etc without guilt or temptation...I'm still here and I'm still sober and I'm not drinking today and I think I probably will be fine for at least the rest of the week.  But I've been thinking about the above for a few days now and wanted to reach out before it's too late.  I've read here that a lot of people struggle between 30 and 60 days so any general advice you have on getting through those times (or advice on what I've posted above) would be really helpful.  Thanks /sd  <3
----------immediate responses--------

Wow /u/sdoakisland -- you sound like you are in a perilous position mentally.  Here's the thing considering relapse because you don't want to avoid drinking situations is objectively alkie-thinking.  And what is the objective risk of relapse based on what you know from OUR accounts?  Mental illness DUIs injury disease and in my case federal prison.  But as you point out in the first part of your post there is a solution: physically moving the feet and reaching out for recovery resources.  Also feel free to PM me any time if you want to talk about this.
"Why not go to AA/SMART/whatever?" Those places will give you the tools to live life sober. You're abstinent--which is awesome--but you can move way beyond that. Eventually you'll find that watching people get sloshed is boring and a waste of time but socializing for a bit before they are wasted is possible. If you really want to avoid a group situation the SMART Handbook has chapters on moving past abstinence and creating a balanced live...Congrats on your 40 days! I couldn't go 4 days without support from a group. That seems true of most of us here and why we recommend meetings so much.
We have what has been aptly called "a built in forgetter"..Very few of us are free of ambivalence regarding drinking once the memory of hangover and shame fades.   ..Denial is more than a river it is a swamp which can stretch for a long ways...For what its worth AA is what enabled me to get and stay sober and there is much more to it than the meetings there is a fellowship of some remarkable people there is a pool of wisdom there is a sense of belonging I tried to get in bars but never got. 
Hi /u/sdoakisland looks like you've got some excellent feedback so far. Kudos to you for noticing these thought patterns before you relapsed - it's much easier to deal with them now! ..A therapist is a good idea but SMART &amp; AA are free and they're available now without an appointment. It's also not a commitment in any way shape or form - you don't have to sign up for anything. The SMART handbook has some really good cognitive behavioral therapy exercises in it. But I do highly suggest at least trying a meeting or two out it's helpful to spend time face to face with other alcoholics and you'll probably find that the meetings are not what you thought they would be like. And if it isn't for you that's fine too. ..I'm not really sure that telling all of your family/friends the full story is a great idea at this point I've been fairly selective about who I've discussed it with up until now. But it sounds like telling your roommate that you aren't drinking would be a good idea. 
&gt;I've read here that a lot of people struggle between 30 and 60 days so any general advice you have on getting through those times (or advice on what I've posted above) would be really helpful. Thanks /sd &lt;3..Around 2 months the emotions come flooding back.  Dealing with them alone is a killer for most drunks.  Congrats on riding the flood through the first 40 days and 40 nights Noah!!!..The recovery programs also help with your "hanging out" issues.  You make sober friends and hang out with them doing things sober without having to avoid drinking because it's not part of the equation.  That doesn't mean you can't ever hang out with the old drinking crew again.  But hopefully you'll have learned enough about yourself and progressed enough in your recovery that being around others drinking won't bother you on the occasions you are surrounded by alcohol...Be patient while doing what's suggested and reap the benefits...Or don't do what's suggested and continue to get what you've gotten...It's really fairly simple science here.  Cause and effect.  Action and outcome.  Now start taking the additional appropriate actions.
I don't go for the "avoid drinking situations" theory.  Perhaps while you're still in withdrawals.  But not now.  You are depriving yourself of a social life not because socializing *requires* alcohol but because you've linked the two so tightly in your mind that you can't break free.  It's not a failure of will or desire.  It's simply a failure of imagination...I found the book linked in the sidebar by Alan Carr very helpful in how to handle an alcohol-saturated culture.  I don't seek out occasions where drinking is prevalent but I don't shun them either.
It seems like so long ago and at the same time it feels like yesterday.  My first few weeks were hell there are still times even a day where I have internal struggles and start sinking.  What has helped is accepting the moments for what they are.  I choose to feel certain ways just like I choose to put myself in situations that are stressful.  I have accepted the fact that I can not drink and keep my life.  I know that I want sobriety for all the good things and that a drink isnt going to elevate how high my mood elevator can go.  I have to move the elevator myself.  An alcoholic doesnt need to partake in any type of meetings to be successful.  IMO the meetings are a place to gather my strength and clarity.  Find my way back to my original intentions...I didnt come to sobriety ready for the rest of my life.  I was given many chances and many times I failed.  Those times sucked but for each relapse there were lessons I learned.  Lessons I heard in the past but wasnt able to understand until I lived through it.  ..You got 40 days in the bag congratz!  This is a victory you can keep.  One day at a time.
Went through the same things. Exactly. ..I am not in any group outside of this community and I want it to stay that way. ..First you have to confront temptation a little bit. Go out hang out and turn down the offer of a drink. I often break the ice in such situations by encouraging others to drink "how ever you want". It's worse when others feel like they have to change their behavior for me. ..Second you don't have to make sober friends but at least some new friends who have never known you as a drinker. This makes my life so much easier. I don't have to justify or worry about anything because they only know me as "the guy who loved beer too much"..I haven't cast off my old friends but I did cool off with them for a small while. ..The hardest situation was playing music and watching my bandmates have beer. I just powered through it. It's not always going to be easy. You have to find your inner strength and be the person you want to be. If alcohol isn't helping you be that person you need to feel confident that you're making a good choice
Hey that sucks!!...I'm sorry you're having a rough time.  This "no drinking kick" is hard like really hard....Telling my loved ones was the catalyst for me.  I knew if I told them there was no turning back.  Not telling them was me giving myself an out for when I inevitably changed my mind....I still routinely stay up to 3am (sigh) I'm just writing music instead of getting smashed....My passion used to be getting drunk and fantasizing about all the cool shit I was gong to do.  Now I actually do it. 
Put simply- Doing the first thing will help you be able to do the second...Going to an AA or Smart will give you the tools to navigate drinking situations without having to say no and without fear of relapse. It might take some time and certainly "just getting back to drinking situations" shouldn't be the backbone of your social life but certainly hanging out in your living room while others might be drinking would be a possibility. (that said if your roomate had "friends over drinking"- meaning the drinking was the main event and they were all there with the idea that alcohol was the entertainment that's unlikely to ever be fun for a non-drinker.)
Everyone is different. AA works well for some people not for others. Some are comfortable spending time around others who are drinking for others it is torture...But I think there are some things that most people who succeed in becoming nondrinkers have in common...One is that they have support. In my case this takes the form not of AA but of ongoing visits with a therapist who can not only help me with sobriety but with some of the underlying issues that led me to drink in the first place...Another is that they are "out" as nondrinkers. That serves a few purposes including creating a sense of accountability. Also it helps to establish your new identity as a nondrinker. (I hate the term "sober" which suggests a temporary state.) Personally I don't make a big deal of it -- I tell people I don't drink anymore and if they press I simply tell them I accomplished everything I had hoped to accomplish in the realm of drinking. Or I make up some other bullshit. Or I tell them the truth. It doesn't really matter...Another is learning to enjoy activities that are not drinking. I still have friends who drink sometimes I even join them at the bar. It's fun but gets tedious if it's all you ever do socially. What I've learned is that there's a whole world of people who don't drink much or at all and some of them are a lot of fun to spend time with. ..Before I assumed most "normal" people were like myself making copious amounts of alcohol the center of any social activity (camping trip night out night in -- whatever). But it only seemed normal to me because I chose to hang out mostly with other drinkers like myself. These days I spend much of my time with people who don't drink heavily -- turns out they're just as interesting and even more fun than my old drinking buddies. They actually *do* shit other than hanging out in bars. Who knew? ..So do what you need to do to get through the next few weeks. But understand that being a nondrinker does not mean spending the rest of your life hiding in your room and attending AA meetings. There's a whole nondrinking world for you to explore -- get excited about it.
The longer you stick to it the easier it gets. I've been sober almost 3 years and can easily go and hang out with friends when they're drinking. I just leave before they get completely hammered because I usually find my interest wears off around that point. Every frustration I have felt though is worth the life I live now without alcohol. 
&gt;"Why not go to AA/SMART/whatever? You're not taking advantage of your whole sobriety toolkit!". I haven't gone to a meeting and haven't told friends/family that I've stopped drinking for real...Same boat here. Three weeks in and I haven't really told anyone about what I'm doing. I have a few close friends that are aware of a problem in one form or another but no one knew the extent of it except me. I feel weird about going around and telling everyone at this point--I'm just not drinking. It's my problem and I'll deal with it as best I can...The last time I was sober this long I told a whole bunch of people and relapsed on the third weekend. I don't know if my being vocal had anything to do with it but I'd rather not risk it at this point. ..I'm not opposed to meetings but the two AA meetings I attended in the past left me thinking that I'm not sure I would fit in. SMART is out as there is all of one meeting in my state and it's over an hour away. ..I'm not opposed to another AA meeting I just haven't gotten around to it. For instance there is one tonight at 7pm. However tonight is a gym night so there's no way I could be there for 7 and I'd rather go lift weights than go to an AA meeting. There are probably a couple I could go to tomorrow night but I'd have to come up with an excuse as my girlfriend will be home. So I don't want to lie but I'm also not ready to reveal the truth yet. With those two decisions I'd rather not do anything...I'm still fighting the occasional craving but mostly I'm not feeling any desire to drink. I'm enjoying waking up feeling fresh and ready to take on the day. Last week I exercised six days which is something I haven't done in months. I'll seek outside help if I think I'll need it but for now I'm just doing my thing.
One day at a time is the only mantra. You cannot begin to think of the future without dealing with the day your in. If one day goes by and you didn't drink that initial thought in the beginning of that day which had you thinking you'd drink in the future was destroyed. Repeat this enough times like you've been doing and it will be easier. Each day hour minute your not drinking is time your proving your thoughts wrong...Your drinking will not be the same after you've been in sobriety. You'll remember the days you were sober each time and the "fun" you think you'll attain will be hampered by this. ..Play that "drinking will be fun/cure my ills" movie from the end to the beginning. Remember the countless minutes hours days weeks months years you felt sick/uninspired/discouraged after drinking... and you'll see the few fleeting moments of "fun" aren't worth the long lasting pain. ..Good luck. One day at a time. 
I think the recovery community puts a little too much emphasis on "dry people dry places" sometimes. Especially if you're a young person in your 20s not hanging out anywhere where people might be drinking pretty much excludes 98% of all people from your social circle. I understand how it can be important in early recovery but it seems like the goal should be eventually to be able to hang out in any situation that normal non-alcoholics routinely find themselves in and just not drink. I know that for me personally a few years ago I relapsed around 90 days and a lot of it was because I found myself hanging out in my room avoiding other people. If you're really committed to your recovery and genuinely don't want to drink and you aren't hanging around terrible people trying to get you to drink or playing drinking games or something it shouldn't be a big deal. I don't find hanging out in a bar that horrible. I just get bored after an hour or two. I mean be honest with people but you don't need to go into some dramatic speech about your alcoholism every time someone asks if you want something to drink. Plenty of people don't drink it just feels weird for us because we're alcoholics...That said there are certain places I used to frequent that I don't want to be in anymore because they are depressing and shitty and people are always hammered. I guess you have to draw the line for yourself.
Just wanted to thank all of you for your incredibly kind replies I can't express how much better you've made me feel.  Will try to reply to all when I get off work but for now please know that I'm reading everything &amp; it means so much to me!
[deleted]
AA and recovery groups help empower people they might give you the resolve to still be fun and social with your friends without drinking. I knew an older family friend who gave up drinking and would sip on a glass of tonic water with lime and nobody could tell he was dry. You could have fun experimenting with different ways of being sobriety certainly doesn't have to result in social suicide. I made it past 60 days once but I spent more than half of that time completely isolating myself which I'm sure helped me to relapse. Please try not to worry!
