-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dbxjd/if_robin_couldnt_make_it_what_hope_is_there_for/

I used to get so upset even angry when celebrities would take their own lives.  Despite liking their music I actively hated Nirvana until recently because I felt Kurt was setting a bad example.  I mean if a rockstar with millions of dollars and adoring fans doesn't see the point in carrying on what reason do any of us have?  .My own struggles have changed my view on this completely.  Instead of highlighting these people's weeknesses it demonstrates the power of addiction.  I know it's entirely possible to throw everything away to chase a buzz.  Addicts don't think rationally.  That is the power of addiction.  For anyone looking in from the outside addicts appear selfish and delusional.  From those of us who have experienced it we know the rational choice is not just difficult but for some even impossible...Just wanted to share my journey from a hateful judgemental alcoholic to a slowly recovering and understanding alcoholic.
----------immediate responses--------

Celebrities are human they do not have super powers.  They even may have more problems that you given they devote their life to seeking adoration.  Based on that it's not logical to conclude that if they can't make it then you can't.  Even if you too were a celebrity with a similar story to his it doesn't mean that RW's death means you have to follow suit...It's sad when we lose someone we care about in this world.  Don't use it as a lame excuse to drink. .Instead as I read around here recently: "use this as a lesson not a playbook".
He had 20-something years that I'm sure none of the people who loved him would call "not worth it". That's more than plenty of non-addicts get! My dad's got cancer and will likely die in the next few months and is only about 5 years older than Robin. All considered he got a relatively lengthy run thanks to finding sobriety. 
[deleted]
I was discussing this last night with my boyfriend.  I think that recovery is probably harder not easier for a celebrity to manage.  It is probably hard to hit bottom when you are wealthy famous and everyone loves you.  I know that sounds ridiculous but alcoholism is an inner disease.  Outside "things" cannot cure it.  In fact they can obscure the evidence of unmanageability and powerlessness in one's life.  Financial problems coupled with losing most of my friends helped me see my disease for what it was.  If I were rich and famous I'm pretty sure I would still be drinking.
Back when I lived and worked in Los Angeles for THE vision correction specialist for the stars I e never been a start struck person it was fun but it only takes a week of your lobby looking like the cover of US magazine to be "over it". In that building on the 9th floor with us was a psychiatrist that specialized in therapy after rehab for substance abuse. I shared an elevator with some very interesting folks. I am a big stickler for patient privacy so unless the celebrity has publicly talked about it I don't make a peep about anyone unless......they are dead. As soon as I read about RW's suicide yesterday I was immediately taken back to the elevator ride I had with Rodney Dangerfield 16 years ago. Words cannot accurately describe how sad he looked he had obviously been crying his face was "droopy" his clothes disheveled alone. I will never forget what that sadness looked like. Now days every time I see it at a meeting I'm reminded and I do what is wish I would have done them and just give a hug. 
As much as I feel bad that he went through his struggles and his agony and as bad as I feel for others with similar issues I don't relate to anyone but myself. yes we can learn from others and have empathy toward others but everyone has their own life. Myself? I try to always feel like a survivor who will whatever it takes to live out a good life. Quitting the booze was one more checkmark. Thank goodness for this group full of inspiration! Cheers and CONGRATULATIONS on your 128 days!!
I was talking with a recovery buddy of mine last night. Robin is no different than us he was just famous. He wasn't special...It's a good reminder this disease doesn't give two fucks about who you are or what you do.
He was sober for 20 years and he probably wouldn't have lived to 63 if he had continued to drink.  He had personal demons but that doesn't mean that the rest of us need to be defined by his inability to overcome them.
I have been wracking my brain the last 24 hours with many of the same questions. How can a man with so much success resources family and adoring fans just opt out? I think though that everyone has a right to leave if they're unhappy here and I guess from the outside he gave it a good run. ..I can easily say I love this man because he fought his demons and at the same time brought so much joy and laughter to so many. And he inspired me to keep going when sobriety seemed too shitty. So now he's gone but he continues to inspire me and others. We can lead each other out of the dark. We can do it. 
