-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dch7t/my_friends_resent_me/

They don't resent me for anything I did while I was drunk. They resent me because I won't drink with them. ..I know it's only been 4 days but it made me realize that drinking is as much a personal problem as it is a situational one. My friends usually get drunk 5-6 nights out of the week come back to my apartment at 12-2am and then play loud music until they pass out on the couch or go home. ...I could be crazy but I can't shake the feeling that they resent me by unconsciously thinking I am judging them by being sober. I have no desire to relapse because of this and I'm not overcome with rage but I am a little saddened by this. This last relapse has taught me a great deal and I'm not ready to give up what i've learned just to fit in. ...There's something called "tall poppy syndrome" where people resent those around them that are bettering themselves. I don't try to be preachy or smug about my sobriety and to be honest I usually stay to myself in early sobriety just to get my head straight. ..Social sobriety usually goes from pity to resentment. It really bugs me. I don't know grateful to be sober today though! 
----------immediate responses--------

Your friends don't resent you. This is all in your head. 
Well in your case being that tall poppy you are growing up by not participating in immature behavior they'er just resentful because you are reminding them it's time to grow up too....in this case resistance isn't futile it's deadly.
&gt; They don't resent me for anything I did while I was drunk. They resent me because I won't drink with them...If this is true they weren't friends to begin with.
What you are probably sensing is that your sobriety intimidates your drinking buddies. Usually the people who are upset about us not drinking have their own serious problem with alcohol. These are not real friends. They want you to drink so they are not reminded of their own issues. Time to find some sober friends. 
Not so much resent you as don't want to look at their own drinking - and you not drinking kinda does that.  That does piss them off.  Pissed me off too especially if the guy who got sober was the one I compared myself to I'm ok look at joe....
If they do resent you it's most likely because they are jealous of your sobriety. 
