-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ddtdd/why_cant_i_stop/

I can stop drinking if I have one beer two beers hell maybe even three beers; but after that I can't/wont stop untill I've had to many. My question what makes my mind act the way it does to want more alcohol in that manner? My mom and dad both struggle with alcoholism so I that is. They couldn't stop if they had one though. Am I the beginning stages of alcoholism?
----------immediate responses--------

Generally speaking alcoholism is the inability to keep from drinking or the inability to control how much you drink once you've started. For me drinking "moderately" was never an option - once I started drinking I would keep going until there was no more to drink or I passed out. When I didn't drink I would obsess over alcohol and when I might be able to get a drink next. Not being able to have one when I wanted made me pretty upset. Why am I this way? Dunno...If your parents have had trouble with alcoholism you need to be very careful as there is a genetic component to this disorder. It can also become a physical dependency which is even harder to break once you've gotten there...If you're asking for advice you might be a good candidate to take a short time away from drinking and see if that helps. Give yourself a month 30 days to sober up a little. For moderate drinkers that shouldn't be an unreasonable amount of time. If you struggle with that break you might want to reconsider your relationship with booze.
There is a good chance that you are but only you can answer that.  Take the test over here ----------------------&gt;..Have a read of the sub and see if you identify
Because you have the mind of an addict. Addiction is a disease. Diabetics have a disease with the inability of the pancreas to help break down sugar you have a disease that doesn't allow you to stop at one. You are at greater risk having a parent with addiction. You may very well be exhibiting signs of alcoholism. All I can tell you for sure about this powerful and deadly disease is that the sooner you get a lid on it the easier it is not just for your health but potentially your criminal record your employment your relationships your schooling......it is a nasty disease that can touch every single part of your lifenothing is safe from it.
Welcome /u/swissyninja to /r/stopdrinking -- why don't you take the alcohol assessment on the sidebar?  That might help you decide where you're at in your whole relationship with alcohol.  A lot of newcomers still trying to figure out this whole thing find that doing the 30-day SOBER challenge makes a lot of sense.  Quit drinking for 30 days and see if 30 days clarity helps you figure out what you want to do in terms of any further drinking or sobriety.  Let us know if you want to stop drinking--you can. 
Having alcoholism in your family history puts you at risk for the disease if you abuse alcohol. You have one of the primary symptoms of the disease inability to control once you've had several drinks.  Learn more about alcoholism and get help if you're interested in being sober. 
This is so pain-full to 'watch'  The more experienced here have given good advice.  IM not sure if there is a clear answer to the Why does the brain do this but here is a lightly different answer not to the why do you do that but what choice could be made because you realized you do  - Im not sure if Im on point but a little more direct ..- 30 years ago I could have written this post - I responded to a similar post in this way: ..So many missed opportunities. I see the 'kids' posting and think - I wish I would have made this choice in my 20's What a more purpose driven life I could have had. It's not so much regret but how can I help instill in them that this is the correct choice. I am 50 now. For people younger just imagine looking back at your 20's 30's and 40's and it is a blur mixed with train wrecks. Trust me Alcohol / Drugs is not the answer. The road has a terrible end view.
A short explanation pieced together from the book "Under the Influence":..As soon as alcohol enters the liver an enzyme called alcohol dehydrogenase (ADH) attacks the alcohol molecule quickly removing two hydrogen atoms to create a new substance called acetaldehyde. Since acetaldehyde is a highly toxic agent  the liver quickly initiates the second step in the elimination process. It employs another enzyme with a similar name aldehyde dehydrogenase to transform acetaldehyde into acetate. Acetate is then converted to carbon dioxide and water and eventually eliminated from the body. ..Acetaldehyde the intermediate byproduct of alcohol metabolism appears to be one of the major villians in the onset of alcoholic drinking. The trouble probably begins in the liver. (A study) found that the same amount of alcohol produced very different blood acetaldehyde levels in alcoholics and nonalcoholics. Much higher levels were reached in alcoholics. Lieber theorized that this unusual buildup of acetaldehyde was caused in part by a malfunctioning of the liver's enzymes...(Another researcher) took this acetaldehyde difference in alcoholics one step further. His studies confirmed that in alcoholics the breakdown of acetaldehyde into acetate -- the second step in alcohol metabolism -- is performed at about half the rate of "normal" i.e. nonalcoholic metabolism. It is this slowdown in metabolism which apparently causes acetaldehyde to accumulate. In an alcoholic's brain these large amounts of acetaldehyde interact with the brain amines to create the isoquinolines. These mischievous substances may trigger the alcoholic's need to drink more and more alcohol to counter the painful effects of the progressive buildup of acetaldehyde..
