-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dga6f/first_test_passed/

This is my first post so thanks for reading.  I've struggled with depression anxiety and self-medication with alcohol for many years.  Drinking was a huge part of my life without me even knowing it.  I didn't even realize how often I thought about it until after I stopped (it's a *lot*...like every few minutes...)  ..I made the decision on Sunday morning to quit drinking for good this time.  No more excuses or self-delusions about moderation.  Anyway last night was a going away party for my best friend who is moving to California.  And...it was at a bar.  Yeah.  Not the best place for a recently sober person.  I didn't want to go at all to be honest.  But I couldn't miss my friend's party.  ..I won't lie -- I was very tempted to drink.  But I didn't!  I am really proud of myself for that because even just one week ago I would've probably been too wasted to get home safely (and too hungover to function today).  ..And after resisting that initial impulse the strong urge to drink just went out of my mind (for the most part).  It was actually funny to watch everyone else get drunk and I've never in my life spent so little money at a bar (I just got gingerale.)  Also it was AWESOME not having to worry at all about driving home.  ..Anyway I just wanted to say thanks to you guys for giving me the strength I needed to go sober in the first place.  You guys are amazing and I am so grateful to be part of this community.
----------immediate responses--------

It's great that you decided to get sober! Do you have a plan though for staying sober? You don't have to do it alone it's much easier if you have some support. This community is an excellent resource though it doesn't hurt to supplement it with a recovery program. You can do this the more tools in your kit the better chance you have at success. Best of luck.
Congrats!  That's a huge victory.  Everything little thing is a trigger early on.  I'm in a similar boat every minute/hour at times feels like a challenge...Keep up the good work!
..depression anxiety and self-medication is a common theme. I do suggest going to AA. No one understands an alcoholic more than another alcoholic. If you can get around the initial shock of the spirituality piece (if freaks some people out like me) and take in the message and use the tools they teach you you can stay sober. The people who go to meetings are the successful ones. Ya gotta keep your head in the right place and there is no better way than to be surrounded by a bunch of sober drunks...Good luck be strong go to meetings.
Welcome /u/katelusive to r/stopdrinking--so how are you approaching this effort?  Personally I have the following approach and it's helped me over time stop drinking and get sober:  ..1. When I first started getting sober I began each morning--at the very moment that my eyes open--by making a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL. (I still do this.)..2. I go to AA meetings and I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because as I said my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction...3. Tomorrow I repeat...Just going to bed without any alcohol is a sober victory in the very beginning...Regularly posting and commenting on /r/stopdrinking[2] to remain accountable helps me a lot...Good luck to you I hope you jump right in.
Great job! Now that I don't drink I really dislike being around drunk people at bars. Its like their all just jockying for attention and the drunker they get the more they feel that they deserve it
I am glad you were able to see your best friend off and at the same time not be tempted to drink. 
