-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dh28l/had_to_take_a_break_for_a_few_days_checking_in/

Hi all -..After my Sinclair Method diaries were met with some unintended problems (including possibly triggering others' cravings) I knew I needed to take a break for the group and for myself...You see I know I'm trying methods of recovery that not everyone would agree with and I don't want to argue methods every time I get on here but sometimes it feels like that's all I do. My doctor and therapist have approved The Sinclair Method for me. And it's working (EDIT: so far) - isn't that the most important thing? Not HOW we get better but that we are making progress where we weren't making much progress before?..I know many people here have fought hard to become sober. Taking a pill seems like a cop out. Like the easy way. But I promise you my journey has not been easy at all. From the time I was 17 I struggled with trying to quit unsuccessfully. The times I was able to be sober for any length of time was only when I was locked up - in jail or an institution. All that was left for me it seemed was death. And I came very close more than once...Why not just stop then? I wish it had been that easy for me. Even when I didn't WANT to drink anymore I would find myself reaching for it again. My 'bottom' was very low. I don't know if I ever hit it really. It's more that over time I wanted more and more to get rid of the negative influence of my drinking problem and though I've failed many times I've tried again just as many...I am still doing The Sinclair Method and I'm finding it to be very helpful. I hope that we can come to a compromise here. I would like to share my progress and story as well. But I don't want to cause arguments or to hurt other people's sobriety. I am thinking I can still share without going into quite so much detail. Or perhaps I could put a [Possible Trigger] tag on my posts? I don't know. At this point I really miss coming here. But I don't want to fight about methods. I just want to get well. Just like everyone else on this sub...Thanks!.-Sober_girl..EDIT: I'm a pretty sensitive person and I realize I could be mistaking people's tone and intentions. It seems like 2nd nature that if there's room to assume I'm going for the negative possibility. Just another thing to work on
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Why not just stop then? I wish it had been that easy for me...It wasn't easy for most of us. Do you really think you're that much different from people who are able to just stop drinking?..&gt; it's working..This method will show its efficacy after you've actually quit drinking and manage to stay sober. So I think it's a little too soon to claim success. 
How much booze are you drinking now? When are planning on quitting entirely?
u/sober_girl--/r/stopdrinking is a recovery subreddit.  We intend to support you and motivate you to stop drinking if at all possible.  Do not confuse honest and frank feedback based on OUR own experiences with argument.  No one is trying to win Karma points by snark or debate or argument on this sub if that seems to be the case report them.  ..I personally want you to succeed no matter your path good luck.
[deleted]
Personally I am interested in hearing about your attempt through the Sinclair Method.  ..To be honest I do not understand how it's a "trigger" to people for you to discuss your attempt through this method anymore than it is a "trigger" for people to discuss their drinking histories on here.  There are many many posts with people detailing their drinking histories.  However I am new here and we live in a democratic society so whatever most people think is best for the group as a whole is fine with me.
Best of luck to you. Not here to judge. 
I wholeheartedly agree with /u/coolcrosby that your success is the goal. There are many roads to recovery so it isn't necessary to defend what's working for you. If people want to know about the Sinclair Method there is lots of information on the internet; you needn't constantly explain...Please hang around and keep us posted. Not going into so much detail is a wise plan. It's good to hear from you. 
Good luck. If it works it works whatever it takes.
Keep us updated  you are the first person I know who is trying it.  I for one want to know what it is like your struggles and your successes.  I wish all the luck in the world with it. 
I don't think the complaints were about you sharing about your experience or about your day.  They seemed to be about your post being needlessly almost gratuitously detailed...&gt; Naltrexone: 25mg (1/2 dose) taken 65 minutes before drinking 25mg more during 1st drink..&gt; Location - Sports Bar..&gt; Time: Early evening on a Friday..&gt;  With who? - My girlfriend..&gt;  Did I eat during this session?: Very heavy meal 1 hour before...&gt;  How strong was the craving before drinking? (1-10): 5..etc...And then a whole series of "observations" where you shared that you were slurring your words and feeling dumb.  Well of course you were you were drinking...You also said "I am going to post each of my drinking sessions here for the duration of my treatment with Naltrexone and The Sinclair Method."  I don't think most people saw much value in future posts of that nature.  ..Everyone who reads your post is going to relate it to their own experience. That's how understanding works.  I know that some people here have done exactly what you're doing now.  Maybe a lot of people I can't say for sure. But I know I did it.  [Here's a comment from ~1.5 years ago that I wrote about my own experience:](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/15rymn/mostly_abstinent_occasionally_moderate/c7pcayr)..&gt; Towards the end I even tried to get all scientific about it - I'd keep notes after each drink trying to figure out where that "tipping point" was. It was a fool's errand. The last throes of a desperate and addicted mind...When I see your posts needlessly detailing your "scientific" approach to this that's how I interpret them. In light of my own experience.  I think "been there done that."  ..I didn't attempt the Sinclair Method and you're not me. I get that.  I also didn't share any of my thoughts on your previous post because one of two things is true.  Either 1) I'm wrong or 2) this is something you're going to have to learn on your own and you won't listen to me anyway.  But again that's me.   Others may choose to share their experience with you and you can't expect them to not do so.  This is after all a support group. The entire basis of a group like this is that people share their experience to help others not make the same mistakes they made...I think it's unfair of you to allege that you encountered resistance because you're attempting a non-traditional way of getting sober.  That isn't what happened.  You encountered (some) resistance because you showed up to an alcohol support group where people struggle with alcohol addiction and you went into excruciating detail about each alcoholic beverage you consumed and how each made you feel.  You wrote the whole thing up like a lab report.  I'm not going to say that this isn't the right forum for that because honestly I don't know if that's true.  I would have to think about it for a while.  There are valid points on each side of that issue and there are several interests to consider.  Plus saying anything one way or the other gets dangerously close to making an editorial decision and the mods don't do that.  I really (honestly) have no opinion on the appropriateness of your previous post.  We didn't remove it.  But I do think it was a little short-sighted.  You had to know that you would encounter some cautionary feedback.
I know that in many forms of recovery support cross talk is not allowed because it can come across as unnecessarily confrontational. Recovery is at the heart of it all a road that we must each travel down on our own through our own process and with the tools that we find that work best for ourselves. No one can make this journey for us; but others can offer their own  experience strength and hope  in the hopes that others will see something in it that they find useful. It is in this spirit that I want to offer this message...I think that the reason why your posts touch a nerve for me at least is because it seems like you are trying to bargain with alcohol and with your addiction. It makes me remember that corny old joke about the alcoholic who sees a nonalcoholic take one drink at a bar and then leave. The alcoholic says  Man if I could drink like that I would drink all the time.  Silly joke but I think there's something to it...In the thick of battling addiction it is hard to see what's directly in front of you. I get concerned when you present the idea that your alcoholism is purely medical and that there are no spiritual issues at play. I think that this approach is short sighted and this is coming from a very reluctant agnostic. Our spiritual health is harder to gauge than we know and I have an inkling that your struggle may be linked to this notion that your alcoholism can only be medical. Only you know how you are living your life. I know that when I decided to unpack my spiritual wounds did my recovery really start. For me it meant admitting to myself that I had spiritual needs despite my belief that I didn't have a spirit or soul. I hope that someday you find your path on this issue...I really am hoping for you /u/sober_girl ! I see so much of my earlier recovery efforts in your posts and I hope that you will catch the groove of recovery and live your life to the fullest. The fact that you keep coming back is so encouraging and speaks to your immense strength. Please don't get pushed away we need you as much as you need us..
Whatever works. Just keep trying till something does. It's okay to try a non-first line treatment -- especially where the normal go-to's have failed. I think the Sinclair method isn't common in the US but is more common in Europe (according to Wikipedia it's the standard treatment protocol in Finland -- maybe you can find some Finnish friends who won't give you a hard time about it :)).  ..Seriously though taking a pill isn't a cop-out. You're trying to save your life. Keep doing whatever works (and you may have to try things multiple times) until something really sticks. 
The Sinclair Method.  Take a Pill.   AA didn't work for me. It is a chemical problem.  ..."We thought we could find an easier softer way"  Chapter 5 How It Works
