-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2djp0j/65_months_sober_first_smart_meeting_yesterday/

On every milestone coin that I've gotten from AA an inscription reads "To Thine Own Self Be True." ..Last night I decided to check out a SMART meeting. I spoke with my sponsor about it because I was feeling a bit conflicted and he encouraged me to go emphasizing that flexibility of program bodes well for successful sobriety. Overall it was a positive experience and my plan is to go back once a week indefinitely. Below are my first impressions hopefully someone will read them and not feel as nervous about attending either/both programs. ..The differences between AA and SMART are quite stark although there are commonalities. The most noticeable difference is the encouragement of crosstalk in SMART. It made the meeting feel more like a group discussion in a classroom but it also made it easier for one particular guy to constantly (loudly) interrupt and borderline argue with the facilitator which was distracting. In AA this guy would have been given his three minutes to ramble and that's it. . .There's a strong focus on self-help in SMART in the sense that you are tasked with designing your own program of recovery and there are no sponsors/guides. No phone numbers are passed around or exchanged and there's no real option of interaction between group members between meetings. We did an exercise on making a change in our life: one woman said she wanted to stay sober by making sober friends; she was encouraged to go to MeetUp as opposed to looking for friends in the room as she would have been in AA. ..At the beginning of the meeting everyone was given an option to "check-in" or briefly talk about their current struggles/what might be coming up in the next week that could compromise their sobriety. There was a bit of AA bashing in the check-in but I suppose that's why a lot of people are at a SMART meeting in the first place and it wasn't excessive. ..AA gets positives for me because of the fellowship the interaction with people outside of meetings the option to call someone if I have a craving or am faced with a sudden life challenge that can't wait until the next meeting to unload. Plus for AA for the possibility to friendships developing I've met a few great people in AA that I talk to regularly and that is very helpful in early sobriety when drinking buddies fade away and loneliness sets in. AA also gets a plus for sponsorship by now my sponsor knows me very well and can point out my flawed/irrational thinking and spiraling before I can see it myself and give me a reality check. AA also gets a plus for service helping others by setting up a meeting making coffee and especially greeting new people gets me out of my head. There's not too much opportunity for newcomers to "give back" in SMART. The facilitator was a former addict and had been sober for 12 years so he was definitely giving back by helping others; but for us newbies not much to do besides stack chairs. SMART gets a plus for it's incredibly practical approach. The program is based on [REBT] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rational_emotive_behavior_therapy) which is one of the first types of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. It's like therapy with goals and game plans. SMART did feel a bit clinical not especially welcoming and didn't celebrate sobriety milestones. One guy said he had four days sober and it was a bit startling to me coming from AA that he wasn't greeted with thundering applause and encouragement. Then again maybe that's why he was there and not what he wanted. ..At this point in my personal recovery AA and SMART seem very complementary. It's my plan to attend both. I'm happy that I found AA and a good sponsor first however because I've gotten over my initial reservations about powerlessness and higher power and I feel that gives me more peace in my life than a SMART-only program would. I haven't been struck Christian as one of our SD regulars frequently says but I do have a nascent spirituality and feeling of potential connectedness with the universe that I never thought possible. (My HP is the Present Moment/Universe/Natural Order of Things as I've mentioned in previous posts and I believe powerlessness starts at the moment I take the first drink and that until that moment I am in control of my actions and my behavior.) The SMART meeting last night made me feel excited about my recovery in a way I haven't felt in a while just because of it's incredibly practical approach to strategizing solutions to problems in sobriety. This is something I'm really struggling with right now as I no longer feel compelled to drink/drug but I'm still full of all these uncomfortable Feelings and a sense that I'm an ineffective person borne of codependent tendencies. ..Thanks for letting me ramble and work this out in my own head hope it helped someone else in the process!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you r_and_p for being open-minded about recovery and sharing these impressions.  Also it sounds like you have a great sponsor.
Your sponsor sounds fabulous. What a great post sounds like you have an excellent program in place bravo!
[deleted]
I don't think I could have written this better myself.  I attend 1 SMART and 2 or 3 AA meetings a week.  Like you my sponsor is extremely supportive of anything that helps get you sober.  ..
Great post thank you for sharing I've never been to a SMART meeting but do intend on checking it out when and if it is available where I am. This is great information you articulated very well. ..On the subject of cross talk the primary reason for me and possibly for others is that I think a lot of alcoholics especially early on don't really think before they speak even in a text format like this I see it all the time here. Thought pops up and is out the door by hitting send with no ability to retrieve it I wouldn't be surprised if OTR had stats on this how many times a comment reply is "hum I never thought about it that way." ..No cross talk for me helped me slow down rapid fire conclusions that were more often than not were totally wrong. In AA sharing early on we have never articulated our thoughts by speaking most here are terrified of sharing for that reason. I don't think you are afraid of what others think as much as you are scared hearing it come out of your own mouth it's already very hard to do and being interrupted doesn't help. The share is more important for the speaker than the listener if they get something out of it bonus.
Hey r&amp;p... thanks for your very interesting post! 
I'm sure each SMART meeting's tone is determined by the people there and especially the facilitator just as each AA group is. It's too bad that you had an interrupting blowhard at the meeting you attended. The moderator should probably curtail that sort of thing if it becomes excessive unhelpful or argumentative...The facilitator at the group I go to is great - it's pretty casual but basically he just picks people to discuss their previous week (or their history if they're new and feel like talking). He'll also ask questions like "What were you feeling when the urge to drink came on?" etc. And he asks what sort of challenges you might see in the immediate future and talk about how to deal with them rationally...Personally I really like the SMART method and the sort of clinical (as you put it) approach. It fits with my ideology in a way that AA does not. However the facilitator often tells newcomers to feel free to explore any options available if they wish and customize their own recovery plan whether that's AA or individual therapy or meditation - the end goal being the same: the stopping of a destructive behavior...One thing I really like about SMART is the idea that you "graduate" or reach a point where attending regular meetings is no longer necessary. I don't like the idea of identifying as an alcoholic for life. To me the addiction to alcohol ended when I was a few days free of booze and there was both no more booze in my system and any residual withdrawal symptoms had disappeared. The rest of it is just breaking a habit and finding new ways to think about and react to the things that made me want to drink in the first place...I'm glad you checked out SMART and I hope you find that the combination of SMART and AA works for you!
Thanks for this. I recently started going to a SMART group as well. I dont have any AA experience though it was my first in person recovery meeting experience. I agree with your assessment it seemed very informal like a big conversation. But people were welcoming and supportive and told me they hoped I kept coming which I probably will.
