-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ds7nm/messed_up_asked_for_badge_reset/

It would have been three weeks of sobriety today if I'd kept it up but a few days ago I relapsed and got quite drunk. I had some problems going on and instead of dealing with them I just wanted to get obliterated I wanted to stop feeling anything and stop thinking. This has definitely solidified that I can't moderate myself and in the future I need to shut down any line of thought that goes that way ASAP. ..I have done nothing productive since drinking just sat around depressed. I am ready to try again and the first step is not drinking today. Then tomorrow. And so on. This relapse happened because I was stupid enough to think that I should moderate and because I wanted to forget about things that were making me upset. I wanted to shut down the constant background noise in my head - anxious thoughts feeling dread for no reason insecurities these semi-constant mental images of people I love being tortured or killed the constant irrational worry that something horrible is going to happen to someone in my family fear of my own death...I realise that I need to find a way to switch off that doesn't involve alcohol. Exercise talking to friends painting - need to get back into those things. I heavily need to work on mindfulness awareness of the present moment and to stop tuning in to the constant stream of irrational anxious and often graphic and disturbing thoughts and images that runs on the background in my head. Will try and keep busy and work on finding ways to help other people in order to stop being so self-focused. I also realise that I will most likely never be able to drink in moderation. One drink opens the floodgates. It makes everything worse.  The prospect of never drinking again is overwhelming. So I won't drink today. Or the next day. Or the next week. And I will keep setting smaller goals from there. ..Thank you for listening to my rant and I hope everyone is going well.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you man I have requested my badge to be reset today also. Somehow I convinced myself that just having one beer is ok and like you said it just opened the floodgates this happened a couple of weeks ago and I was drinking pretty much every night apart from last night and i woke up this morning with a clearer mind. Got back onto Reddit and requested a reset. i have been avoiding it as i was too ashamed. You're right it does feel overwhelming thinking of years ahead without a drink. So rather that looking forward in fear at the overwhelming feeling of the inevitable crack i will just take it at each day until long enough has passed by and i feel i have achieved something to be truly proud of and use this to carry me even further forward.. I want to thank you for your post don't give up and stay strong. i want to know how you're doing in a few days taking up painting is really good for stress release and taking your mind off things...All the best.
I think all of us here have (or had) difficulty facing and dealing with problems. I realized tonight that I'd screwed up paying health insurance and the policy has been cancelled?! So there's gonna be some phone calls and who knows what and possibly no health insurance for a while. I have some expensive health issues so this is a big deal. And my first impulse was to think about drinking. Last week I couldn't find my keys anywhere and my reaction was to think "screw it I can just go buy alcohol and deal with this tomorrow." Which I didn't do and I remembered where the keys were shortly after. And I'm so glad I didn't drink either of those times but it's scary to realize just how wired my brain is to think of alcohol as the ultimate solution to every problem...Anyway I'm glad you came back to sobriety &amp; the sub - it was good for me to read your post. It's nice to know other people are dealing with the same garbage. One day at a time!
Welcome back.  ..One. Day. At.  A. Time.   ..They really add up quickly if you let em.
What are you going to do differently this time? ..&gt;Exercise talking to friends painting - need to get back into those things. I heavily need to work on mindfulness awareness of the present moment and to stop tuning in to the constant stream of irrational anxious and often graphic and disturbing thoughts and images that runs on the background in my head...You are talking about leading a balanced lifestyle. What did you do last time that helped you accomplish any of this? What more can you do this time to be satisfied with your lifestyle so you can resist the urge to drink?..
Glad you're back!  It takes courage to admit you relapsed its hard not to feel ashamed but know that nearly everyone here has faltered at some point in their journey to sobriety.  What's important is that you learn from it and work hard so it doesn't happen again.  I can tell you it gets easier with time I've got about 2 years and while I still think about drinking in certain circumstances I've learned how to work past those thoughts.
[deleted]
