-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2du334/17_days_starting_to_have_those_mental_temptations/

Even though i never really like beer that much it just seems to be the one thing my brain is really craving.  Has anyone had any success with nonalcoholic beers?  Worth it? or one step closer to relapse?.
----------immediate responses--------

I can't drink beer so I don't know. What is it about the beer you want?  Congrats on 17 days. That seems so far away
I don't think non-alcoholic beer is a good idea; I think that you should strive to break the association that a beer ("a beer" - in my case that's a joke) is the thing that will bring you relief from troubles. If you establish a habit of drinking NA beers then a regular beer just seems closer to normal too...What I do when I crave an alcoholic beverage is try to visualize clearly what the result used to be like. Throwing up on the sidewalk at the bus stop the despair I felt on those days lost to hangovers all that stuff. 
I thought it was in the side bar might me my interface is different with iAlien...N E way someone will post it I'm sure in general it's frowned upon there is still a tiny bit of alcohol but I think the reasons are more the psychological effects. I personally think it tastes like shit and I'd rather drink water for free.
Dude..... why fixate on beer if you don't even really like beer? I picked up some delicious cream soda today there's loads of specialty sparkling waters and gourmet sodas out there that I didn't even know existed. And fresh orange juice! And loads and loads of other beverages that actually taste delicious. Pick one. Go to the store and buy it. Pour it over ice. Wait a minute for it to get cold and just to build up the crave a little more. Then presto! a frosty cold drink that you actually enjoy the taste of!
Non alcoholic beer is straight up nasty. Also as we all know the point of drinking is to get drunk right?  I mean why else do we drink?  I'm being somewhat facetious of course but I just can't see the point of drinking something I don't like to try and avoid something I like entirely too much (alcohol.) Flavored sparkling water or Fresca seem to do the trick for me when I'm really having a craving!
