-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dwusg/100_days/

Thought today was the day and planned on coming here to celebrate. It's been 100 days since I had even a drop of alcohol (besides in food I love to cook). Everything feels so amazing and I'm a completely new person. Thank you all strugglers and stalwarts. I read at least a couple posts everyday and it's great to have some daily focus...A few highlights:..* My cravings have basically subsided completely. Just an occasional fleeting thought.* Two raises at work!.* Down almost 30 lbs and in the best shape of my life.* Climbed a 14197ft mountain a week ago.* Renewed my faith in Christ and God (from a staunch agnostic).* Weeks away from proposing to the mother of my daughter and love of my life..* My side business is booming.* Picked up photography/digital manipulation as a hobby.* Read probably a dozen books..Anyway fight the good fight people. It is worth it every day. Even if you feel like you have nothing and no one. Fight for yourself...As Doug Stamper on House of Cards said: .."I have to be ruthless with myself. I have to use my fear. It makes me stronger. Like everyone in this room I can't control who I am. But I can control the zero. Fuck the zero."
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations and thank you for sharing. So much to look forward for me. Can't wait till my life will transform to better as yours. Happy for you.!!!!
Awesome!  A big congrats on the new life in 100 days!!
Thank you so much for your post. It gives me something to look forward to!
Stamper may have been kind of cold and manipulative in his job (although man was he entertaining!) but that didn't stop him from being a self-aware person in recovery. He made excellent points. It looks like you yourself have picked up or developed some phenomenal interests and have structure and planning down to a science. It's uplifting to see this. Cheers!
Nice job.
Congrats on your century! Good job on this update.
Congrats! I'm right there behind you.
Awesome! Congrats!
Congrats on the triple digits It's amazing to see that change that happens within us when we commit to a higher power. 
I found that I really like reading a lot in recovery. I never read before and now I've read six or seven books in a few months 
Nice job!
fuck dude congrats!  day 13...again worried abt the weekend
