-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dwxz1/worried_about_relapsing/

I could use some help right now. I've been feeling like shit for the last two or three weeks (breakup blah wrote about it [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2c8wyx/alcohol_sobriety_and_a_breakup/)). Lots of patterns that are familiar to me from depressive episodes - boxed-in feeling zero appetite constantly repeating obsessive thoughts (in this case: revisiting every single mistake I've made in any relationship ever and coming up with all kinds of reasons why I'm a lousy partner). I'm ashamed to admit it but every time I read a post on here mentioning how the poster's SO is being amazing and supportive of their sobriety I can't help but feel envious and bitter..Before this breakup thing I occasionally thought about having a beer; now I think about how I want to get drunk but can't at least once a day.
----------immediate responses--------

Ok so you and your non-supportive alcoholic SO broke up.........now is the time to work on you period!  Now is an excellent time to spend the next 6 months of your life recovering growing and learning to be a sober healthy person.  When you do this your next relationship will be so much better than the alcoholic co-dependent ones of your past...I know it is hard right now but living in the past will not do you any good.  Nor will stressing about the future.  Just live in today for a while and work on yourself.  Good luck!!!
I'm so sorry about the lows you are feeling with regard to a failed relationship. There is no doubt it sucks I've ruined a marriage and a 4 year long LTR as a result of my drinking all of us here have skeletons we have to deal with intellectually you know drinking won't make anything better you know that and you don't care (been there got the t-shirt many times myself) you feel worthless and guilty for having hurt people you love the mostyou don't think you will ever be able to redeem yourself so why bother staying sober. ..Push through if you do you are that much closer even if just inches it's still forward. You are not alone I have been there as well as so many here. 
Don't come back to the first two weeks. I'm here just like you were 114 days ago. The shakes and panic/dread have just subsided and I'm sitting here in the misery that is Day 8. You already fought through this day you deserve not to ever have to fight through this crap again.  Remember: no matter how bad shit gets drinking will only make it worse.
My parents and sisters aren't supportive. Don't believe in addiction. Dont quite understand them..Dont focus on what you DONT have. Focus on what you DO have! :D..You have your health and live in a safe country. As far as I can tell you have a job and am not homeless. Be thank full. Make a graditude list. Enjoy life. ..You got a lot op. You have your sobriety and your life. :D
Getting drunk isn't going to make the pain go away. It's just going to add on to it. You probably know this but maybe it will help to hear someone else say it.
hi!  I can really relate to your post especially the part about obsessive thoughts and revisting every single mistake i've made in any relationship- example last week i was beating myself up for my reaction to a pair of earrings an ex gave me.. TWO YEARS ago lol.  ..At these moments we need to stop and realize this is just where our mind goes on default.  it is in this habit (yes its a habit) and we both should focus on other things.  Have you tried exercising?  A good run always makes me feel better.  ..Drinking will not make you feel better.  Be strong. if i can do it so can you.  
You can get through this.  You can't worry about a relapse.  A relapse is a conscious decision its not like being told you have a brain tumor or cancer.  It's completely in your control it cannot blindside you.  I have no one at home cheering me on or giving me that kick in the butt to keep me going.  It's all you and if you can get to 114 days nothing should be able to get in your way.  I understand having a SO rooting for you and being there for you is a great asset but at the end of the day the only person that dictates if you are sober or not is you.  Stay strong.
Try to predict how you would feel if you got drunk and then afterwards. You probably would feel a lot worse I am thinking. If you were going to give advice to a good friend that was in your exact same situation what would you tell him to do? Now don't you deserve that same advice?
It's alright man but I can tell you not having a drink has never done any bad for me...Don't give in
