-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dwyyj/should_stop_lurking_and_write_out_my_novel_of_a/

So I've been sober this entire year.  ..I've also been pregnant. I don't know if this qualifies me as a genuine sober person because I am not drinking because I am pregnant.  ..I don't know if I would have stopped drinking *unless* I had gotten pregnant.  ..A bit of a back story is in order methinks.  ..So I have been abusing alcohol on an almost daily basis since oh I don't know I was about 19. By the time I am 22 I am getting fired from my job for shoddy attendance which was because I was having a mental break down because the alcohol was literally destroying my brain and making it impossible for me to even do simple things like get out of my house and buy a loaf of bread. I seriously couldn't even do that so of course I was calling in to work. I couldn't count back change. I couldn't **think**. It was terrifying but not scary enough to make me change. Because I was living alone single and horribly depressed...what better way to cheer myself up than to go to the bar every night and get drunk again? Never mind that that was the problem!  .  .So for a full month after I was fired I was just getting shit faced at the dive bar and dreading the oncoming winter which was exacerbating my depression anyways. My dad told me I could move down to california with him since I got fired. And I was planning on it eventually.  .  .And then fate slapped me in the face. I was trying to be good really I was. I was getting a little bit of exercise. Not drinking just going for a walk and kind of doing my zen thing where I think about this perpetual cycle of regret and spiralling out of control and morning headaches and losing my ability to function or interact. Wondering if I was going crazy. Then a truck came out of nowhere and knocked me flat on my ass as I was crossing an intersection.  .  .I am Jill's ensuing existential crisis.  .  .After the accident I received a significant concussion which coupled with the depression and the drunken-retard-brain means that I don't really remember much of January last year.  . A boy came into my life at this point who would later become my now-fianc  and the father of my as-yet unborn child. He had known me from before because we would go out and shoot pool and get drunk together. He fancied me and in this period after being savaged by a deadly vehicle he was very patient and dear to me. Although we still went out and drank (I know brilliant move after sustaining a concussion right...?) he was also going through a point in his life where he wanted to make changes to better himself.  So we began our courtship in a very positive way. I ended up staying two months in California and that started my Sobriety Campaign but I ended up moving back to be with the boy.  .    .When I returned I stayed sober and he was very supportive and was right there with me. He would brag about me to all of his friends and he was on a sober kick too. We were both having a great summer and although I wanted to drink ocassionally it was not something I worried about caving to.  .  .But I did six months after I stopped I fell off the horse. I drank on my birthday. And kept drinking. Because winter was coming. And there's nothing to do in the winter but drink drink drink. I was drinking on nights before I had to work- something I'd promised myself I would never do again. Working hungover is the worst. But there I was doing it again at actually yet another job that I had held previously but lost due to my alcohol problem.  .    .So I drank through the fall but not nearly as much as I had previously done. I was also in a relationship now so I wasn't as vulnerable to the "fuck it" attitude I'd held previously. .    .I did notice however that my boyfriend and I would always fight when we drank and usually *over* drinking in some way or another. We would get to the point where we would both be wondering why we were getting drunk because nothing good ever came of it.  .    .We were also at this time talking about procreating. We perhaps rather rashly decided that now was as good a time as any and by early December after trying for only a month we had achieved a positive pregnancy test.  .  .Sorry this is long I've just never really been one for making complicated issues into a very succinct format.  .    .Flash forward to today. I am one day away from my due date and I have given up all of my vices. Alcohol cigarettes even coffee and soda went out the window from the moment that i got the results from my doctor. I am reading medical books by the ton and am planning on breast feeding once my little baby is born. I have been eating better getting tons of exercise and I have never felt better. Despite the pregnancy brain this has been nine months free of that alcohol poisoned brain so my thinking and energy are much improved.  I plan on abstaining from all of my vices as long as I breast feed as well. It doesn't sit well with me when people say you can have a beer while breastfeeding because *i cant*. I can't have just one beer so I know I won't be able to control myself if I start. I want the best possible start in life for my little one and I want no part in exposing him to second hand smoke or alcohol or anything like that from my breast milk. But what about after I wean? I am terrified of relapsing because I sometimes wonder if I didn't make the changes for myself but for the baby. I'm worried that once the baby doesn't need *me* to be healthy and abstinent that I will fall back into my old ways.  .    .My boyfriend meanwhile has not kept up his enthusiasm for making positive changes with me. Whereas at the start of our courtship he would smile and say how *great* he feels without alcohol he has now (probably most noticably these last 6 months of the pregnancy) changed his tune to "I'm a grown ass man I can have a beer if I want how dare you try to control me and make me miserable!" (Spoilers: he never has just one beer he always ends up drunk without planning on it and he *always* gets violently ill from the alcohol the next morning). It really hurts because I love him so much and his support and encouragement meant so much to me. But now all I get is guilt trips for expensing my frustration with his behaviour. Really blows. .    .So I'm in limbo. Hopefully I will know more about how I feel as a parent as a human being as I transition out of this pregnancy and get to meet this little human that's supposedly worthwhile. I just want to feel normal again and I don't know if there is any room in my life for alcohol anymore. I sure hope not.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing this /u/DorisDog. I'm sorry to hear you're having a tough time with your partner re: drinking. I just wanna say many of us probably would continue drinking unless something "outside" happened. For me it was a particularly bad drunk night; for some it's a matter of waking up and realizing that life got weird and they want to change it. We all have our motivators and yours happens to be a mini human so please don't negate your reason to make a change. 
That is an amazing journey /u/DorisDog. I can't think of any better reason to get sober than motherhood. Congrats on staying sober for 9 months that is an achievement to be proud of. Trust me you never want to go through that first week of hard withdrawal again. It is hell. Just take it day by day an enjoy the experience of your life. How lucky that you are here sober to enjoy it. Please stick around and keep us posted!
Oh man.  I didn't even think about winter.  Thanks for the heads-up and good luck with the newborn.
I'm glad you've stopped drinking for your baby's sake and I'm sorry your bf is not going along with you as you had hoped.  That's tough; I know from experience...I also know from experience having kept from drinking through two full-term pregnancies (I have two children a 21-year-old young man and a 9-year-old girl) that stopping drinking because one is pregnant does not necessarily mean long-term sobriety is a given.  In my case it did not mean that at all.  Once my body was my own again despite believing during pregnancy that I'd been given a reprieve from alcoholism I went back to drinking because I did not want sobriety badly enough *for myself* and I was not desperate enough to find support.  I've heard similar stories from several women in my meetings.  The prospect of having a baby with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome or other health issues was enough to scare us into teetotaling while pregnant and/or nursing but once that external motivator was gone we got right back into it...I'm not telling you this to be negative but rather to encourage you to continue to seek out support (even while pregnant/bfing) so that you can remain vigilant and prevent your baby from ever knowing a drunk mother.  Stick around these parts; let us know how it's going.  Maybe find a women's AA meeting if that's such a thing where you live--they will be receptive kind and empathetic about why you're there right now.  Best of luck to you in all regards.
I just PMed you....I think you are my twin.
&gt;I am Jill's ensuing existential crisis. ..Chuck Palahniuk fan? Me too. Anyway thanks for sharing. Concussions are no joke. If you're still experiencing any symptoms at all that you think happened as a result of the concussion you should see a doctor. There is treatment for mild traumatic brain injury that can help. ..It sounds like you have been relying on your boyfriend to be your main support in your sobriety. That's a lot to put on any one person even if they are fully committed to supporting your sobriety. And you guys are about to have a huge new demand on your time and emotional energy. I think that for the sake of both your sobriety and your relationship you need to mentally and emotionally separate the two. ..My husband still drinks. I've asked him not to drink at home or keep alcohol here because that's what I need right now to maintain my sobriety. Other than that I don't ask or expect him not to drink. There's only one person's drinking I am in control of and responsible for and that's my own. We are partners but my recovery journey is my own. If you continue to have problems with his drinking you might want to look into /r/alanon and/or try an alanon meeting locally. ..&gt;We were both having a great summer and although I wanted to drink ocassionally it was not something I worried about caving to...&gt;But I did six months after I stopped I fell off the horse. I drank on my birthday. And kept drinking...This in a nutshell is a good example of why we all need to develop and maintain recovery resources. It's not enough to just stop drinking. We're alcoholics. Unless we continually work at it we're not going to stay stopped. You need resources outside of yourself that aren't dependent on what your boyfriend is doing. This sub is a great start and I'm finding that reading and posting every day is helping me stay focused on my sobriety. But one resource is not enough you've got to have an arsenal. Both for you and your baby. Congratulations by the way let us know when he gets here!
Thank you for sharing your story. I relate to it quite a bit from both your role in the story and your boyfriend's. I lost my job twice last year due to my alcohol abuse. I also had breakdowns that kept me from even trying to leave the house...When I was married and my wife got pregnant with our first I promised that I would abstain from alcohol and smoking while she was pregnant  so that our relationship would be more fair during that time. I of course failed to keep up my side of the agreement and would get angry at her when she tried to hold me accountable...Your baby needs you to be healthy long after he/she is born. You're on the right track and it sounds like you're going to be a fine mother. :)
