-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dxe1g/how_running_helps/

There's some research out there that seems to indicate that brain dopamine levels are at least partially responsible for drug addiction...> They further speculated that decreased basal dopamine levels may be an underlying mechanism of addiction to other drugs of abuse. This hypothesis gained empirical support from work showing that withdrawal from cocaine morphine amphetamine and alcohol all reduce nucleus accumbens (NAc) dopamine levels (Rossetti et al. 1992)...That quote is from [here](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3206647/) and a "however" follows so the hypothesis is speculative at least according to this paper.  (Though there's a lot more out there Google it.) ..I ran across this article over on /r/running that details what happens to your body on a 30 minute run...* [What Happens to Your Body on a 30-Minute Run](http://www.active.com/running/articles/what-happens-to-your-body-on-a-30-minute-run)..> After 30 Minutes:  Chances are you feel energized. Your brain has triggered a rush of the mood-elevating hormone dopamine. The effect of exercise can be so great that it can even decrease chocolate cravings. ..Chocolate eh?  Chocolate [is all mixed up](http://healthyeating.sfgate.com/chocolate-dopamine-3660.html) with brain dopamine levels too.  What are the chances?..I ran a lot in my first year. Pretty much every single day.  It always helped.  If you're struggling with cravings give it a shot.  [What do you have to lose?](http://markread.info/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/science-dog.png)
----------immediate responses--------

Oh THAT kind of running....I just kept moving from city to city running from myself only to find her almost immediately. This makes much more sense!
Aaaand if your knees are not the greatest like mine high intensity cycling is a great low impact exercise that will bless you with an endorphin dump too. 
Knees!
This is really great thanks! I've started running since quitting drinking mostly because it seems like the sort of thing that people do when they sober up. I looked at a couple of different beginner's running programs and ended up using [this one](http://running.competitor.com/2014/03/training/running-101-how-to-start-a-running-program_7648). That website does a good job of explaining the whys and hows of taking up running safely. I also joined /r/c25k which is a sub for people doing the [couch-to-5k program](http://www.coolrunning.com/engine/2/2_3/181.shtml). (I've already got an okay base level of fitness and felt that the couch-to-5k program was moving too slow for me. I may live to regret this but y'know now that I've quit drinking I need some other way to take a gamble on injuring myself.)..Incidentally most knee replacements in the USA are caused by obesity not overuse or sports. And high impact exercises like running increase bone density and reduce the risk of osteoporosis. 
Really cannot say with words how much running has done for me. I have exercised the demons on that pavement mile after mile. No single thing has helped me find myself more in sobriety or in life than running. I ran 10 yesterday and couldn't finish 3 when I first got sober after having smoked for over 16 years.
Very cool - and so true! Running makes me feel so many great things: pride accomplishment achievement perseverance and joy. Sometimes I stop at the store after a long run and buy some chocolate milk because BONUS chocolate milk!
Running has been a huge part of my sobriety. I don't know if I would feel as good as I do right now if running wasn't a part of my life.
Going to start reading ["Running Ransom Road"](http://www.calebdaniloff.com/the-book/) by Caleb Daniloff soon recommended by /u/joeblough soon. Addiction recovery and running goes like peas and car-rots.
Running has helped me more along my path to sobriety then anything else.  I usually feel like I'm going to die for the first 2 weeks but after that I can't live without it.  It's more for me than as a moment of meditation...One thing that change my runs get OFF the pavement.  Hit a trail through the woods if you can find one.  Do a lap around a lake or state park.  It's easier on your knees if your not pounding pavement and definitely better for the overall mojo.  If you can't run get out and walk...+ : Meditation Walk Body Weight Exercise Get off the Comp and TV and get outside.  Soak up some sun. It seriously helps.
I prefer to move iron...Running has never done anything for me except hurt my knees. But especially on leg day I just grin ear to ear. You guys talk about running the same way I talk about lifting. It has been AMAZING for my sobriety its hard to put into words...Me and my roommate were talking about stepping up to a more powerlifting friendly gym in a couple months...But on a side note as far as cardio adrenaline dopamine - My mountain bike has done wonders on that front as well. Its so much fun so exhausting and rewarding. I'm even trying to move to a different state with actual mountains to be more in tune with aluminum chariot!
I swim laps for 30minutes and it feels really good too. Best feeling in the world for me is to swim pretty hard then eat then take a nap. You get this total body buzz.
2 years ago my drinking was out of control I couldn't run for more than a mile at a time. I sobered up started running and I will finish my first 50 miler in a couple of months. I am convinced alcoholics can make fantastic endurance athletes. Applying that "All I want is alcohol" tunnel vision into crossing the finish line can be a very powerful tool in any race. Spending time alone with yourself when your body hurts so much it can barley take another step really forces you to be honest with yourself. Self exploration while you're at your weakest really forces you to cut out all of the excuses and get to whats truly the root of the problem. Anyway that was my experience sheer physical exhaustion keeps me away from the alcoholic lifestyle I'm sure it's different for everyone.
Can confirm: running helps to beat cravings. ..I hear people saying that they worry about their knees but I have read research that your bones and joints may actually strengthen over time. ..I built my running up slowly over time and now mix it up with cycling longer distances. Maybe once a year I get a niggling injury and then I rest up for a few weeks until its 90% gone...If you think about it logically the health benefits of running or whatever exercise takes your fancy outweigh the benefits of being sedentary with pristine knees....
I'm getting back to running. I stopped pretty much in an attempt to bulk up a bit. Caught the wife perving over the bronzed buff lifeguards at the beach when we got to Oz and thought I'd better pack on some muscle...But fuck that. I don't enjoy lifting heavy things. I don't enjoy eating so much protein I barely shit twice a week...I like running for hours with nothing ... not a single thought ... going through my head. I like running to top of things and looking down and marvelling at how small everything looks from up high. I like being skinny. I like eating carbs!
7 months sober and according to MapMyRun I've logged 173.8 miles since giving up the bottle.  my 5k split times were around 12:30 (yikes!) in Feburary. now I'm at about 9:30 splits! so much progress. 
I don't run or exercise much anymore. I used to do yoga like a religion and thought that kept me sober...It's something more than exercise it has to be because exercise failed me before.
lol basically getting high off of running. Lets be honest when it comes to going for a jog and doing something better for yourself. I'd take the run over the alcohol. Personally I play video games which does the same thing: gives me a dopamine rush...I often wonder if everyone is like this seeking whatever tickles their fancy addict or not. I can honestly say I'm glad it's this over killing myself with booze
