-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dxy8o/weak_person_help_i_need_to_stop/

Regular SD visitor but anon account for this. I hear voices I guess wall  o text so buckle up if you are in for the trip ...So here it goes. Lack of supervision high stress job/life (don't we all have this?) and a generally weak will. That + traveling weekly and staying hotel rooms = recipe for disaster. Let me explain:...I am sitting here in a hotel in somewhere Montana on a Monday work night 6 beers deep. I've had problems with alcohol since I was 20 (36 now). Literally drank more and more from my 20th birthday until I was 34. Then decided to stop. Went to the MD was prescribed Naltrexone (I believe). Took them drank like 12 beers while taking them ended up in the ER. Felt like I was dying. All IV wired and hooked up I told the doctor and my wife  I want to go to detox and rehab.  It was a snowy Northeast winter morning and the MD came in told me the rehab center van was delayed due to heavy snow and an accident. While I waited I  came to  and shouted for my wife. She came running in and I told her  STOP I don't want to go to rehab. WTF. I will get fired from my job and my insurance (particularly life insurance) will know and I'll be thrown way under the bus for any future coverage.  So we left the ER after a while I sobered up went to work the next day vowed to never drink again. This was in ~2011....I was good for a few months then ~grilling season~ arrived. Yes I'm one of those weak outdoor summer grillers. Started with O'Douls then BAM next thing you know I'm full beer. 5.0% ABV 8% ABV then Barley Wine. Then Vodka. A lot of Vodka. Yeah classic relapse..Went back to the doc (now living out West) pride in hand. Told him I've been drinking a  little too much  (snicker yah ok). He put me on Librum or something like that and I promised I'd never drink again. OMG it worked! I was bone sober for 1.5 years. Felt the best ever. Lost 60 lbs (down from 210 to 150 .which fits my frame). Went from a size 38 waist to 32. On top of the world and feeling great .but the stress persisted....Well work creped in. I work in a very jubilant organization. At 5:01pm during sales meetings the entire company sprints towards the bar open tab. Yeah disaster in the making. Somehow I avoided it for over a year and a half (after fighting off the Spanish Inquisition as to why I suddenly had ice water instead of a stiff drink) but I relented about a year ago. Started  having one or two to be social.  You know where this is going..I travel a lot. Very much. I sit in a hotel room most M-Th's all alone. And I've recently (past 4 months) starting drinking again. In fact I'm 6 beers deep no make that 7 right now. I've been making liquor store raids on the way from the airport on Thursday night downing a pint of vodka on the final way home. Why the hell am I doing this? Wait I know why I'm numbed. I like the effect. I like checking out after a stressful day then getting on work email at like 10pm rattling out stern emails to my staff that I cringe reading the next day. I'm in a pretty high position in my organization so it's not too surprising for me to rattle cages with direction but it's often too strong after I drink. Basically being alone in a hotel (pretty much 80% of the time) with my thoughts and stress is a cocktail for disaster. Pun fully intended. I need a constant baby sitter despite being a grown ass man....Well that's my story I'll spare you more reading. FYI my wife has been really great in keeping me in check but like a child when I'm away the accountability is absent so I guzzle poison. Shame really. I need out of this mess. I've tried AA (found it strange) and know I can do this on my own yet again but lack the desire. I'm under tremendous pressure from work and home (marriage not in tip-top shape) and need to figure this out. I think my marriage issues may be at the root cause of all this along with my elderly parents falling apart (dementia alzheimer's stroke no money 2.5k miles away etc) isn't helping. We all have reasons and I guess these are mine....I lied once again. You had too much reading after I said you wouldn't. Let me end with my usual response:. Sorry I'm an idiot. I promise I will not lie to you again. .How do I break this vicious chain? It's going to put me 6-feet deep before my 40th birthday....BTW I've read Alan Carr's books and believe them. In fact I look down on drinkers but I do just that in private (hotel). I'm a massive hypocrite and it needs to stop. I just can't..
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I too am in a position where I know I'm drinking too often and too much.   I love it soooo much though.  I managed to quit for 9 days recently and it was kind of phenomenal.  I felt so powerful and great that I celebrated with a glass of wine and now I'm worse than ever.  Congrats on your long break.  I don't know how you could pull that off.  If you did it once you can do it again.   I have a hunch that while your relationship problems may trigger the drinking the drinking also triggers the relationship problems.  Two way street. 
&gt;I need out of this mess. I've tried AA (found it strange) and know I can do this on my own yet again but lack the desire...Sounds like a lot of excuses to me. Not to be a dick but it certainly doesn't seem like you can maintain long term sobriety on your own. Get some rest and come back to read through some responses in the morning. You are weak when it comes to alcohol. The good news is that has not stopped any of us from long term sobriety if we are willing to ask for help. Most of us cannot do it alone once you admit that you can begin relief from the bondage of self.
Hi come back tomorrow after you've sobered up. Beating yourself up like this won't do any good it'll just drive you to drink more.
&gt;We all have reasons and I guess these are mine...And all reasons to drink are just bullshit rationalizations...We all have problems. Alcohol is what keeps us from working on our problems--marriage career health you name it. Making significant progress on life's issues is impossible while living life as a drunk in my experience. (I'm over 50 so yeah.) ..Come back here sober and let's talk more. Will power alone isn't sufficient; it takes a plan and support. 
[deleted]
