-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2e0s4x/wow_back_to_day_one/

Almost an entire month down the drain. Ugh. ..So I was struggling with wanting to drink I posted here. I spoke to my doctor and against better judgement I threw it all away last night. I raced to the liquor store knowing absolutely full well what I was doing. I had some friends over to drink with me. ..The thing is is all they did was drink at a reasonable pace (one friend only had one beer!) And watch me get drunk off my ass. At home. What the eff?! How does that make any sense. How in any way was that enjoyable for anyone?! The whole time I was worried about if I had enough to get me as drunk as I wanted to but of course its never enough. I was more focussed on alcohol than on my friends what kind of person does that?..I blacked out and I have absolutely no idea what happened. My friend slept over because she was worried about my mental health i'm afraid I might have scared my friends. She told me I should stop drinking. I told her I almost had a month sober and that I had tried going to a few meetings. ..I feel sick and wobbly and ashamed. I'm devastated that I threw away a month. I really thought I was doing well. Something needs to change. I need to attend meetings every day I need to tell everyone in my life my plan I need to hold myself accountable. And I need to take this seriously. ..Back to square one. I should have listened to people's advise. I should have known. I feel weak and horrible. And i'm shaking. 
----------immediate responses--------

That one month was quite an accomplishment but pales in comparison to the accomplishes you have ahead of you. It seems like you're really serious this time good luck sticking with it!
I remember reading your post from a few days ago.  Something about some friend who triggered all sorts of negative feelings????..Anyway glad you are back!  You are not going back to square one....you are not going back at all.  You are taking all that you have learned in the last month and starting fresh today.  ..I like your idea about going to meetings more often...maybe that is what you need right now to keep you accountable and moving forward???  Good luck my friend!
The most important thing now is that you didn't turn it into a bender and you aren't giving up on yourself. Most alcoholics have more than one DAY 1. The good news is you get a do-over and now you know you can do it. You never have to feel this way again. Congrats on posting so honestly. It sounds like you have a plan and you are on your way.
[deleted]
&gt;Almost an entire month down the drain...Not down the drain unless you learned nothing from it..&gt;I feel sick and wobbly and ashamed. I'm devastated ..Seems you DID learn something 
Here's the good news: you now know how shitty relapse is.  I relapsed after two months of sobriety and I think it's safe to say that I felt the same emotions that you're feeling now.  It took me a while to get past the guilt and shame of what I'd done but once I did I realized that I could use my experience as a reminder of what can happen if I'm not dedicated to staying sober.  There is no more room for ambiguity or space to entertain thoughts such as "I wonder if I'm doing the right thing by being sober" or "I wonder what I'm missing out on".  You now know that you're absolutely doing the right thing and you can remind yourself of this occasion when you're next tempted to drink...More good news you have friends who obviously care about you.  Despite the fact that you may have embarrassed yourself last night (as I've done many times trust me) your friends are still willing to stick by you to make sure that you're alright.  You can get right back on the horse and hang out with those same friends sober next time.
[deleted]
