-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2e6zco/day_three_new_perspective_on_aa/

As the title states I've been sober for three days this time around. Made it to thirty days back in December but relapsed on New Years Eve. This time around feels different. ..I don't want to be sober I need to be sober. Every time I tried to control my drinking the binge that would eventually ensue would be worse. This has led me to think a lot about the other people in AA. The first time around I was thinking wow these people are really fucked up. I've never been arrested never been hospitalized (not sure how this one is possible) haven't been abandoned by family and friends. The reason being pure dumb luck. If I continue to drink every single binge is going to be worse than the last. Until my story is as bad or worse than the other people I thought were way more serious alcoholics than me. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I've been arrested and hospitalized and I don't talk to some of my friends anymore because of drinking. Lemme tell you that you can ALWAYS find someone whose been worse than you. I know guys with 5 duis I know guys who will probably never talk to their kids again. I was always able to look at them and think "I'm not so bad!" but once I saw someone who was like me get their shit together and make an awesome life that's when I was able to make a decision to quit and stick with it. Just my two cents though sounds like you're on the right track! 
Every single one of us starts from where you are. Congrats on getting through the first few days. As you know it only gets easier physically from here. If you did it for 30 days you can definitely kick its ass this time. Good luck and keep posting!
The people who talk the loudest in AA meetings can be summed up with ..."The bigger the asshole the louder the fart."
I used to think that too.  When I first got there I thought they were all old and toothless.  So when I came back after two years I found that I had previously been looking at the differences.  And from my first meeting being a completely embarassing experience I learned never to make the new person share first since they are unfamiliar with the process.
Two kinds of people at the AA:..#1) People I don't want to be like.#2) People I do want to be like...The first group usually has no driver's license maybe stitches divorce probation ankle bracelet no job no clue.  ..The second group seems to be cool calm &amp; collected no matter what is happening in their life..
Your bottom is where you decide to put down the shovel.  You do not have to be better ore worse than anybody.  You have to make the decision based on how you feel.  
