-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2e8mzj/struggling_after_motorcycle_accident/

Hey guys!  First of all I want to thank every member and even  lurkers out there you've helped me more than I can communicate and helped make these 87 days possible. I apologize in advance as this doesnot pertain exclusively to alcohol as i was a poly drug user and alcoholic.  Things were going well for me in life and recovery( maybe there's some sorta connection there!?!?!) I was very focused on and dedicated to recovery and improving my life  cravings were fewer and father between than ever in my life.  Until on August 9th while riding my motorcycle on the  highway  I was hit by a woman who lost control of her car. My helmet saved my life and I was actually very very lucky as my legs spine and brain were OK other than a decent concussion.  However I shattered my clavicle( had surgery yesterday to put a plate in and screw it alltogether)and.Fractured my elbow lots ofroad rash and generaly got the shit kicked outta me by hitting the concrete at 60 mph. The real problem is ever since laying on the side of the highway waiting for the ambulance I've been craving getting fucked up.  Partially due to the pain( I've been in quite a bit since this happened) but also just as soon as I first got some pain killers I've had that feeling after the first drink. Craving getting fucked up. All the legal medical and other stuff ( just moved and start my last undergrad semester next Monday) I've been needing to deal with hasn't helped but I'm taking them one thing at a time.  I just can't do most of the things that help me ( workout hit meetings ride my bike or motorcycle). And im having a hard time shaking the obsession. I'm still dedicated to recovery and moving on with my life but have been acting the opposite ( taking medication for mental effects as much as physical) stockpiling them getting as much as possible etc. Any advice?  I .Know what I need to do but posting here and hearing from others helps me a lot. 
----------immediate responses--------

Be very very honest with your doctors. Investigate meditation and other alternative pain management.   Find a way to get to meetings.
Ugh...Im real sorry to hear this.  This is the time for you to use your tools that you have developed the last 3 months.  Whatever you are going through now it will only get worse if you drink or use drugs.  No doubts...Aren't you in Chicago??  I thought I saw that on the Roll Call thread once.  Anyway if you have legal questions about your situation feel free to PM me.  Maybe I can help steer you in the right direction for getting help or answering some basic questions for you.  Good luck!
[deleted]
Best wishes for a speedy recovery /u/colorfulknuckles--I strongly recommend that you bear in mind the impact that alcohol has on a recovering body and brain since you have direct experience with what alcohol did to your "healthy" body and brain.  
