-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2edud5/stopped_and_relapsed_stronger_thani_ever_have/

Stopped successfully for five months without any problems or hardships then just randomly relapsed harder than I ever have before. Drinking to feel normal and content on a mindset that I prefer not to have. Not quite sure as to what I'm seeking but figured that it's a nice outlet. At a point where inebriation and avoidance seems like a better option than normality and understanding. 25 but kind of lost wondering if anyone has been in the same situation
----------immediate responses--------

Yep I sure have. I've quit and started back up again. It only proves that I have a real problem. This time though I think I'm going to do it forever. I'm really sick of relapsing...Just consider it a base that you are building. It might take a few times.
Hello and welcome. I'm not sure what to say since it doesn't sound like you are interested in getting sober again. .&gt; Inebriation and avoidance seems like a better option than normality and understanding..On the other hand if you are curious or considering it this is an excellent place for support and information. ..I'm wondering if you had support during those five months in the form of AA or SMART Recovery. You say you feel "lost" and you posted here so you are searching. That is a good sign. There is hope if you want help. You are not alone. Let us know if we can help.
I'm sure most people here have been where you are right now I sure have. I've quit countless times over the past ten years and every time I relapse it's worse than the last one. You wanting to be inebriated instead of sober is what your alcoholic brain is telling you. ..That being said if you don't want to quit you won't. Make a list of the  pros and cons of drinking and do some self searching. Maybe that will help you think about what you should  be doing. You being here leads me to believe that you already know though. 
I'm 45 and exactly where you are - relapsing after 5 months of sobriety and AA...half way throught 1.5L of vodka on a Saturday. How stupid are we? What I can say- after trying to get sober for the last two years after a lifetime of abusing alcohol is that there is a ton of information about how bad alcohol is for you what it does to your life and what the negative consequences are...but I would like someone to admit that some aspects of drinking are fun and allow us to cope with the shit life hands to us so I totally get what you are saying. You and I have to get to a point where we just get sick and tired of being sick and tired of the consequences...whatever they are and measure those consequences against the "good" that we think alcohol provides us. Take care. We are all here for you - even the miserable failures like myself. 
Yeah /u/tylerdurwin --I've been there and I stayed there for 7 hellish years.  I couldn't figure a way back for a long time.  ..The way back starts here for a lot of people.  Please let us know if we can give you advice and support you.  
Alcoholism is a progressive disease and relapses usually get worse as time goes on because of the shame that gets compounded. I'm 22 years old and also feel lost I drove lots of people away with my drinking. Even though we feel a little hopeless right now it definitely gets better. We just need to be honest with ourselves have a plan for recovery and stop drinking. You can do this. WE can do this.
