-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ee8lw/2_years_today_thank_you_guys/

First year was great. Last year was very difficult for me. Financial problems self-esteem problems depression and doubt in therapy...I was at the limits of my energy and motivation....but i struggle through it. With therapy help few closest friends and lurking /r/stopdrinking. I was fighting with the spark of hope...Last week i got new job with lots of new possibilities and people appriciate my work and me. Moved to another city and starting to feel that everything is going the right way :)..This is a huge step for me but i'm 100% sure that i can do it because i'm sober...You know what....this is because i can trust myself! ..and that is so fucking great that almost unbelievable. It gives hope and strength. It wakes you up with curiosity but no fear. It sleeps you at night with proud of yourself....Thanks once again! Keep up your great work. I'm really proud of all of us!:)..This is my "hideout" for now....i finally feel safe in [here](http://imgur.com/a/Hd8vS)
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the new job the new location and 2 years!  That's fantastic.  I'm looking forward to joining you in the 730 club...Keep it up!
I've heard similar stories. Once someone kind of gets sobriety to "stick" they talk about the first year being great and the second year being much tougher. I'm coming up on 1 year on Monday so I get a little anxious about that but ultimately all I know is that I have TODAY and today ONLY to consider...Also I totally dig your studio/loft place. It looks like a place I would have loved in my 20's. Very cozy :)
Hey lojoke...congratulations! I love your paragraph about trusting yourself and the gifts you receive from that trust. I'm so glad you got your hope back. Beautiful man just beautiful. And your new digs are awesome! ..Keep it up and good luck at your new job!
Two years is great. ..Nobody ever promised life would be easy or fair. In fact I remember my parents specifically telling me it would not be. I'm now dedicated resigned comfortable facing the issues that come and rolling with the punches.
[deleted]
Keep on keepin on!
Congratulations!!!!  
NICE! You'll have to tell me about your road bike.  
Congrats on two years!! I think your story and struggles are a great reminder that just stopping drinking doesn't solve all of our problems but it sure does help! Good luck with the new job!
a wonderful post to read.  congrats to you on your second year and all the possibilities that are on your doorstep.  reading this gives me a lot of hope!
