-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2efz0g/hello_everyone/

I have a badge under a different username with a really high number on it but the truth is I drank six beers last night. I'm struggling...I have a pretty high profile job in the community (teacher) so local AA meetings are scary to me. I have a husband who thinks our behavior is totally normal and gets very angry if I want to talk about the number of bottles in the recycling or the money we spend on beer. I will have to do this without him and I know he has to want it for himself. Ultimatums will not work. ..I have two kids 13 and 15. I would like to think they aren't affected by our late nights but I am the child of two alcoholics so I know better. ..I make promises to myself at 4 am. I break them at 4 pm. I don't drink every day but probably more days than not. Sometimes I can have 2 my highest in one night was 8. I don't drink wine or spirits. ..I check the color of the whites of my eyes and how dark my pee is. I feel like my liver hurts but I'm not sure. My face is fat. ..I drink out of anger mostly. I think my husband has made it so that his temper is the controlling force in the house. I can't complain I can't talk to him if I'm not happy. He would never never hit me; it's psychological control and he has me twisted up to the point where I don't know if I'm right or wrong. All I know is that drinking a few beers makes it easier to be with him. ..I've tried lots of things. Fancy sodas teas hobbies... I'm just very alone in believing the drinking has to stop...I guess I am telling you all this because you seem like such a good group of people and I need some support. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Drinking out of anger and making repeated attempts or promises to stop drinking and then drinking that day are not good signs. If you are unsure take the [Alcohol Screening Test](http://sd.bot.nu/quiz/audit.php). It seems like you are questioning if you drink enough to merit worry and while I cannot answer that for you I know from experience that alcoholism only gets worse. I never magically started to drink moderately. I only drank more...&gt;I think my husband has made it so that his temper is the controlling force in the house...This may be another issue for another subreddit but that does not sound healthy. Okay trying to speak from the I here... This reminds me of my parents. My dad is so angry all the time and my mom drinks to block out having to endure his anger. It is not a healthy coping mechanism; it certainly doesn't eliminate the *actual* issue (unsolicited anger from another human being in a piss poor relationship). I drank for a very long time for a multitude of reasons but one of them being to keep me complacent in a very unhappy unhealthy relationship. It only got worse. It sounds like if you do decide you want to stop drinking you will have to do this for yourself and by yourself...I work at an elementary school and I have yet to run into any parents or school leaders or anything. Hey if I did run into them it'd be kinda cool - like ohhh hey you go here? I go here! Let's get coffee. You can always go to AA meetings in a nearby town if you're not comfortable.
Thanks for the honesty /u/Xxicandothisxx -- despite the small size of your community and job I'd throw myself into AA meetings.  I think the answers that will work for you long term are the physical recovery meetings and support on the ground.  I am so sorry about your relapse but if you can turn this around and live a good sober life it may turn out to have been a blessing in disguise.
Hello and welcome. I'm a teacher too. AA meetings are made up of people who want to stop drinking. The anonymity and this purpose puts us all on the same level. Even more than AA I'd suggest you get a therapist to deal with your personal issues. This would be a good first step. ..Having a family history of alcoholism puts you at risk for the disease. I can't think of a better reason to stop along with having two teens. They know what's going on. [I had an alcoholic father who quit when I was a teenager.]..Thank you for your honest post. Please get help.
I understand how you're feeling especially since your badge says you're only at 1 day. I am in the same boat as you and I hope you don't drink any more today. As soon as I had one I was off on a week long bender. You need to get sober for you and not for anyone else. Hang in there...AA is good and it's anonymous for a reason haha. 
Thanks for speaking up and being honest.  It's hard to do.  There are online real-time AA and SMART meetings that you can participate in as well as forums of like minded people (like this one) who won't judge you.  Good luck.
Hello and welcome!  As others have said don't be afraid of AA.  In my situation I was forced to tell my bosses and co workers about my struggles.  I was terrified of judgement but guess what- they couldn't have been more supportive.  And of course you will find a lot of support here this is a great community!
Hi. Good luck with sobriety. Im finding it hard but this subreddit has helped a lot. Nearly two weeks today without a drop and I'm feeling confident. .Good luck to you 
&lt;Hug&gt;
I think it's normal for both substance abuse or mental health issues to make a relationship hard. Unfortunately sometimes recovering from those things is also hard on a relationship because one person starts to change and grow without the other (at first ... hopefully he'll come along eventually). It can destabilize a situation -- even if the current stability isn't all that great. That said you can't wait on him. You may have to put up with the relationship discomfort for awhile. His behavior sounds incredibly stressful and like a big trigger. I'm not sure what the solution is -- I don't know if you would consider moving out or going on a trip for a few days to kickstart your sobriety. Firguring out how to deal with the stress is probably key. For someone with an addiction problem taking meds could be risky but I know I had to take benzos (diazepam or clonazepam which are longer acting to less addictive than xanax) for awhile to keep the urge to drink at a non-intolerable level during some stressful situations. I also used odansetron (and anti-craving med); lot's a tea and sparking water (like you); and I had to find a new "hobby" or activity at night. I can almost guarantee there are other people who work in your school system at AA (and I'm pretty sure the school would rather employ someone in AA than someone with an alcohol problem). Maybe you can look into women-only meetings -- they could feel "safer" and are probably more likely to have teachers in them.  
Why are you hiding behind a new account?  A new account with a new badge no less?
Welcome! Your comment about being twisted up not knowing if you are right or wrong really touched me. One of the best gifts sobriety has given me is I now don't second guess myself as much. I don't have the same kinds of arguments or regrets anymore. I can't tell you how often I re-hashed things because I wasn't sure if I was right or wrong. Now I know that I'm making confident decisions without having to wonder if I was over or under reacting because of alcohol. I'm still wrong sometimes. But I can own it an move on instead of blaming booze. ..I hope you will be here for a long time. We really want to support you. 
You should check out a movie called Smashed.  What you wrote is the story of the movie. 
