-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2egikw/day_8/

I am not going to drink today. I'm struggling to accept the idea that I can't drink moderately though. This still feels like something that I can outsmart something that I've just "done wrong" and if I can only get it right I'll be able to have a normal relationship with alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

I still struggle with that notion too. But then I think back to all the times I've gone back to "moderation" and where that's gotten me--in another long unhealthy binge. It's hard to let go of the fact that we'll never have a normal relationship with alcohol. It's that ex that you've tried to work things out with and stuff just gets worse. Congratulations on 8 days! Keep strong and take it a day at a time.
Just don't get to depressed when you discover you aren't that smart. I blew it out of proportion "if I am so dumb about this I must be dumb about everything!" Not true I'm still very skilled in doing many complicated things others cannot....just not drinking. What's worse not being able to do really well at my occupation or not being able to do really well drinking?
Can you have a normal relationship with alcohol? I think only you know that. I know that I can't - I've toyed with and failed with moderation more times than I can count. Some people can some people can't and I don't think I'll ever understand the concept of only having 1 or 2 drinks. One or 2 entire bottles of wine sure but 1 or 2 glasses seems silly to me even now.
[deleted]
If I could drink in moderation I'd do it every day all day.
This is something I struggle with too but lately I've been reading a lot of comments from people who say it got easier when they gave up the struggle. In other words alcohol always wins. Once you accept that you can't fight it and stop even considering fighting back you win. ..I'm trying to train my brain that it's just like seafood to an allergic person....alcohol is toxic to me and will kill me. I give up! No more booze for me and no more back and forth with that douchebag that lives in my brain and thinks we should party no matter if it's my last day.
Hey pal I was struggling with my Day 7 yesterday and you commented and helped me to stay strong so I thought I'd return the favour. Today I'm underslept feeling sick and cranky. But I'm not going to have a beer. I want to believe I can drink moderately but that's all I wanted to do all year and I failed *spectacularly*. So I'm going to keep not drinking until I feel like I can reassess whether that's possible and I'm not sure that's possible. Meet ya at Day 9 tomorrow.
That is an illusion that I stayed stuck in for years
I am not going to drink TODAY either!  Congrats on a great week.
Been there. My eye opener was the opposite of trying to control or moderate etc.  A seasoned alcohol counselor asked me if I knew what it takes to become and Alcoholic.  I gave him the usual response lack of will power self control up bringing societal pressures.  He responded standard answers but the real answer is simple.  He has found that by Drinking enough Alcohol over a long enough period of time you will become an Alcoholic.  We can stop accusing ourselves of the lack of will power etc..  The second and I believe more important is I matured a bit and realized that nothing is better with Alcohol.  It really isn't.  The road traveled has more opportunity with out Alcohol.  ..Short Story - A very good friend of mine quit drinking in his 20's  He became very successful as a 'sound guy'  Im sure he would slap me for calling him that but he mixes sounds for some of the most popular bands. both in studio and live (one of my funnest experiences was with Guns and Roses watching / standing next to him watching him 'mix') then going back stage - we observed - No Alcohol)  For those not into music you can thank the sound of a Golf Ball dropping into the cup on ESPN to him.  He says it pays the best and he cant believe at how sensitive peoples ears are to the 'ker plunk  Anyways I digress.   And if your still reading my point is the reason he made it was because he was the sober one.  Oh he honed his talent trained his ears.  But make no mistake he didn't graduate has not professional training but was sober enough to take advantage of opportunities as they came up.   Im not sure why I went into so much detail on this - Maybe I can relate.  Congratulations and remember there is no 'star reward or prize)' for saying you can moderate.  Nothing good comes from Alcohol but not drinking present numerous opportunities that you can choose.
Good for you on the 7 days and for not drinking today.  ..I stayed in what I thought was a normal relationship with alcohol for 30+ years; turns out it was totally dysfunctional.  So I left that relationship because it was no longer working for me.  I think that if we really look into our hearts we know if something is working or not.  Don't think for a minute that this partner is going to be kind to you or show you any mercy at all.  It'll whisper things to you silently and and convince you to give it "one more try".  If you're feeling like you can't accept the fact that you can't drink moderately then you may have very strong feelings associated with drinking that you'll fear missing out on...Give it a break for 60-90 days so that your brain can reset a bit and see if you still look at it in the same way.  I think you might be surprised with how great you'll start to feel.  I know that I feel better than I've felt in DECADES.  But for now I just take it one day at a time.....
Yeah I've tried the moderation thing a million times.  I have even drank in moderation a time or two in my life.  Its always just a matter a time before I wake up in jail covered in blood soaked in piss or all three.  Point is moderation doesn't work for me.  If I can practice abstinence I'll be just fine...Best of luck stay strong stay sober.
