-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ehn0k/building_relationships/

Day 8 here and I can honestly say that I am starting to regain confidence again when it comes to making friends. Over the past few years I have struggled with social anxiety especially when it comes to having relationships with women. I have had it in my head that everyone just wants to drink all the time because when I was single those were the only people I surrounded myself with. Being the new domesticated "muggle lady" that I am I am slowly realizing the reason I haven't made any friends since I've entered a relationship is that I'm no longer the outgoing crazy single "I wanna hang out with the girls dance and look for guys to flirt with" girl. It's not because I'm unhappy in my relationship it's that I'm not on the hunt anymore. When I drink now I'm very reserved quiet and in the morning: quite irritated because I feel like ass. I work in an environment dominated by women which if you can imagine is somewhat of a living hell certain times during the month...so much syncing. Despite getting my period the same time as them I felt disconnected from the girls. They all hang out and I would go home and drink with my partner and come back in hungover bitch mode...Sobriety has made me come to the realization that I have been incredibly stupid and miraculously I have come out of my anti social corner for bitches. I've apologized to a few girls by letting them know I recognize my faults. Also explains to those few that I do have a drinking problem I'm bipolar and if my meds don't properly work I just plain suck. I'm more talkative positive and just fucking happy. I haven't felt this way in a very very long time. All of the girls are supportive and have even reached out to include me in their Funtime. Which will be done sober of course :-) ..My relationship with the bf has improved as well. We are communicating more affectionate and have started reading a book together in bed each night. We take turn reading chapters and it's pretty damn cute...I tell you what it's pretty fucking amazing how much better life can be without being shitfaced in a week. Time to read chapter 9 :-).............Sobriety has somehow pulled me out of my anti social corner that I have been in the past 2 years and have come to realize .............
----------immediate responses--------

Typo at the bottom...silly iPad scrolly no worky.
I'm so glad to hear that you are being able to build better relationships with the females you work with.  I'm also able to build meaningful relationships in my own life as a result of drinking.
It will take time.  ..So many of us used drink as as mask as a wall hell  as a bunker...We often started early enough we never really developed a clear sense of who we are or wanted to be...It takes time and courage and the occasional mistaken trip down an blind alley to develop this...First lesson though - don't judge others by their externals.  
Great update /u/Czizzle!
