-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ektws/sober_1_year_today_couldnt_have_done_it_without/

[Today I be like...](http://i.imgur.com/D2jKvxp.gif)..Wow what a difference a year makes.  I was on the verge of losing my job last summer and back in rehab.  I was lonely isolating miserable and depressed.  I finally had enough pain and decided to do the things that were suggested to me to help me from drinking one day at a time.  ..How I did it:..1. I went to a meeting almost every day for the first 4 months.  Sometimes I would go to 4 meetings a day on Saturdays and Sundays during football season...2.  I picked up the phone and called another alcoholic if I even slightly entertained the idea of drinking.  This was my biggest downfall in the past.  It was crucial to helping me keep from picking up the first drink...3.  I spent most of my spare time at work on /r/stopdrinking.  I learned just as much about sobriety if not more here than I did at AA.  However I really needed the face to face contact with people to keep me accountable and sober...4.  I threw myself back into working out.  Idle hands are Cthulhu's workshop.  I've lost 45 pounds in the last year.  ..5.  I got into photography.  It's a hobby I've always wanted to do that I could never do while I was drinking.  Here's some of the pictures I've taken over the last year:..- http://i.imgur.com/yO8Ef38.jpg ..- http://i.imgur.com/V4RFYUy.jpg..- http://i.imgur.com/cmqitQm.jpg..- http://i.imgur.com/9LFrgxX.jpg..- http://i.imgur.com/w699CBh.jpg..- http://imgur.com/a/RKkKG..Here's my [One Year Chip](http://i.imgur.com/LH7KH9m.jpg) that my sponsor presented to me this evening...I love this community so much.  I feel like I need to apologize to some folks in particular /u/inbrednobanjo.  I got into a completely pointless argument with her the other day.  It wasn't conducive to my sobriety nor I'm sure to anyone else's.  I was an asshole and I'm sorry.  I've made other dick posts here before.  Passive-aggressive and cheeky to say the least.  I've learned a lot about acceptance from the kind souls here.  ..I love you all so much.  You are my internet family.  To anyone struggling with drinking I encourage you to stay close to /r/stopdrinking and get into a recovery program like AA SMART Life Ring Rational Recovery etc.  There's a list in the sidebar.  I went to rehab 10 years ago and have been struggling since.  I've relapsed numerous times.  Really all I can say is that I kept fighting.  AND THE FIGHT IS NOT OVER YET!  ..Please message me if you have any questions.  Thanks for reading.  I probably won't be on much tonight but I will try to reply to as many responses as I can.  I'm about to go eat dinner...Love you all :) xoxoxo....
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats Teddy!  That is a remarkable achievement in the face of this disease.  Your contributions to SD have I am sure helped a great amount of people over the last year including me!  Thank you.
Great update! Congrats! Seems like an eternity to me but I like all of your advice and I will take it. ..You look yummy in your gitch. Doesn't look like you skipped any days. :P..Thanks for being a source of hope and inspiration for those of us just starting out. 
Great job man - a year!
I didn't realize our year marks were so close to each other!!! (I don't see badge numbers with iAlien) Awesome!
[AWESOME AWESOME  AWESOME](http://i.imgur.com/ssZSIkr.jpg)
I love this post and I love you too TeddyPeep!..Thank you for giving such a big piece of yourself to the heart and soul of this community. "Alone we can do so little together we can do so much." ..Congratulations!!! ..P.S. Nope nope...you definitely don't skip leg day. ;-)
Looking fine!..&gt; I love you all so much. You are my internet family...Families sometimes fight and bicker and argue but it doesn't make you any less family!  Huge congrats on your 1 year.
Love this post!  Great pictures too!  This community is amazing for its humanity and talents and willingness to share.  A few people know that I've been active on the Internet since almost the very outset.  I created many of the early forums for discussion of among other topics hardcore country music acoustic guitars politics and many more in addition to a successful "blawg" but by far and away this is the best and most supportive community I've ever encountered.  All of you are the reason why.
THAT IS THE SHIT RIGHT HERE IS THE SHIT...Congratulations!!!..It keeps getting more and more interesting. Get ready.
Congratulations!  You look fantastic and it sound like you feel fantastic too.  Keep up the great work!
Okay I totally lied. I'm replying to almost everybody lol :) My girlfriend had to go euthanize a dog so I'm just chillin with mah phone :)
Nice...this post rules. I esp like what you said about meetings.  I've been stepping up my meeting game and have become really dedicated about going anyway good job man and thanks for sharing 
Quick! Cross-post to /r/soberguysgonewild! ..Awesome on so many levels. You look great!..(Umm edited to say I don't know what this "gone wild" thing is of course. Must have heard the term in passing somewhere....)
VERY handsome guy.  Congrats on your accomplishment.  Keep it going man!
Thanks for the inspiration to keep hitting the gym man! Congrats and I appreciate hearing about your process for staying sober.
Congratulations!!!
Hey well done man!
Awesome post! Congrats!
Such and inspiration.
That's awesome man
Congratulations!! Your post is very encouraging and you look as awesome as I bet you feel!! Keep it up! :)
Before photos?  I looked pretty in shape all around without lifting a damn finger but was an absolute alcoholic trainwreck - now that I am in the gym I am having modest physical gains but nothing you'd notice in a before/after.  The real gains are in my mental health and filling up my free time - I am curious after I am at this for 1 year where I will be though... maybe a before/after will be noticeable?  Would love to see where you started as a gauge for where I might go since I already _appeared_ healthy and in shape
Congratulations on the first of many if you keep doing what you're doing..Uh could I 'borrow' --- oh forget it. She already knows what  I look like...
Yayyyyyyyyyy!!! How exciting. You look happy and vivacious. Also lookin like an athletic hunk. Congratulations.
The difference a non-marinated brain makes is incredible isn't it? Congratulations!
Someone is sexy XP..I'm a bit vain and quitting has some lovely benefits besides putting my life together and being happy with myself...Lost about 30 lbs since I stopped and still loosing. Getting my predrinking body back slowly. So great!...Like the photo of the flower. But I always love plants so I'm biased...Keep going op! And don't stop doing what works :D
[GOOD JOB](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ff2DwbWtbQ4) Teddy!
sweet JESUS you are smoking hot. i mean you know in a totally scientific empirical way. ..GO YOU!!!!!!!!!../aye carumba....
YES!
Brother!..I too have found solace in the way of the iron. And Leg Day is indeed the holiest of days!
Congratulations TeddyPeep! I really love seeing milestones like this especially from young people who have a whole wonderfully healthy life ahead. Lovely photos too. Again congratulations. Well done!
[deleted]
Awesome congrats!!
Finally I might have a post that shows up on OTR's weekly reports lol :)
Awesome stuff. Kind of makes me think I should give AA another go. I'd much prefer something like SMART but there are no meetings anywhere near me.
Fucking nice solid work you. 
Happy Birthday:) and awesome photography::))
congrats
Nice job.  Don't sweat it.  Reddit is reddit.
It's ridiculous how much you look like Bradley cooper man.
Congrats! Keep it up!
Hey dude congrats! great inspiration. I just learned of this subreddit today..If you don't mind me asking how old are you?
Awesome job on the one year! And lookin good bro. [Never. Skip. Leg. Day.](http://broscience.co/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/chicken-legs-2.jpg) I started lifting heavy things since quitting and looking forward to those gains. Keep up the great work!!
I remember you posted that first pic of that girl and everyone was pissed that she was wearing make-up while doing yoga ha... what a joke. 
Congrats and great work! That is all kinds of awesome!
Congrats pal! This is a fabulous post. 
WOOO HOOO!!!!!
Great and inspiring.....pl keep it up I did not go to recovery ( was my own boss and knew how to get out of trouble not a good combo for people like us) nor did I attend AA  now after upteenth relapse have started AA confessed and asked for support of family and few close friends ......and so far it's working. Lol  trying to loose belly and by the way love your pics ( except of you ) if not a problem would like to know specs for 1st shot ie camera lens aperture speed distance. It is perfect shot with beautiful bokeh effect. Suggest ...join local camera club. 
Congrats you're a true inspiration!!! :)
[deleted]
