-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2el9sd/really_good_meeting_tonight/

I went to my second consecutive AA meeting tonight ever. It was really good...I was nervous and sweaty and everyone was shaking my hand and introducing me to all their friends. This was also a Home Group which is sort of like a consistent group of people that all meet up and know each other's name and it's really closeknit. There was one main speaker who was a young guy that went up and spoke for 45 minutes. He was a great speaker and had a crazy story...He made a great point saying that when he relapsed the first thing he wanted to do was prove to everyone that it was the alcohol and not him that caused him to do the things he did. He said how dangerous that thinking was and it eventually led him to relapse over and over again once he finally got over the 28 day dry-out period. ..I'm the problem alcohol is just the symptom. I need to stop worrying about proving things to other people and being a people-pleaser. If any of you guys can relate to that then it's an important first step at least it was for me. ..Also I got about 5 phone numbers all from the friendliest dudes who were all eager to help me out and tell me what some good local meetingplaces are. If I didn't lose my damn phone during the fog I would be texting them right now. ..They also were giving out "chips" at the end of the meeting that signified a year of sobriety all the way down to 24 hours of sobriety. One man spoke at the end of the meeting who had just hit his 9 year mark for sobriety. ..Anyways it was really inspiring. Good luck tonight everyone who is still getting over the hump and for those who might be white-knuckling. You don't have to go it alone...you're all in my thoughts.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job.  White knuckling is whack realizing you're the problem is the beginning of the end of white knuckling!..Staying sober is one thing but learning about yourself and the symptoms allows you to *live* sober.  So I've heard will always be a work in progress for me.
That meeting sounds very good indeed thank you for sharing your experience very useful info. Keep on keeping on!
Great post. Sounds like you found a really good group. Takes guts to get your ass to those meetings I know. Sounds like you're doing everything right. Congrats buddy keep it up and keep posting.
That sounds lovely. Good job for Going and meeting people...Im so proud...Keep it up op!
Hey man glad to hear it was a good one. I appreciate hearing about positive meeting experiences. Shake hands say hello get numbers. Listen to people's other meeting suggestions and show up to those. Before you know it you'll be one of the names people know. Probably quicker than you think. The safest place is in the middle of the herd. There's a spot waiting for you get in there!..For my first several months I hit at least one meeting a day. I grew to love the game of exploring different meetings they can be incredibly diverse. Some were amazing some were less so but all of them were safe. Worst case scenario free coffee and a seat for an hour. Best case scenario amazing tales and insights towards a way of life that sometimes seems almost like having super-powers...What's the next meeting you plan on hitting?
Wow! I'm so glad you had such a good experience! ..I heard the "alcohol is not my problem I am my problem" at my first meeting and it hit home. AA helps you deal with all those you-problems - keep coming:)..Those numbers could save your life. Use them! (I only say this because I never did for my first few months and now that I am it has made all the difference)
