-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2eoba8/well_today_is_pretty_much_over/

So I put a post up this morning when I was just trying to wake up.  I got terrible sleep last night I had the sweats and the shakes pretty bad I would sleep for maybe thirty minutes and wake back up or an hour.  Around four I gave up and just messed around with my phone.  The post I put up was me just hating everything.  Work was difficult today I was paranoid that people were seeing me struggle to stay awake or could hear my voice being shaky when I spoke.  ..I started feeling a bit better after lunch I was able to get a sandwich down which was good my appetite was coming back and I have been drinking water all day.  The shakes have gone down since this morning and I'm not feeling as terrible I just ate dinner and it feels good to have something on my stomach.  ..Anyways I wanted to post that I did it today I passed by the liquor store I always go to.  I won't lie I transferred enough money from my savings to my checking to be able to buy a bottle when I got off work that was the plan this morning.  I figured I'd do my usual I'd say "forget it" and come home and watch Netflix and get drunk like I normally do.  As the day went on I got messages and comments from other people in this sub and eventually I got to the point where I thought about tomorrow which I never do.  I stopped and reflected on how I felt and realized I don't want to feel like this tomorrow I didn't think about the day after tomorrow because I am going to do this the same way I went about it when I was sober for a month (which is the longest Ive gone in several years).  The only difference is that this time I know what my triggers are and I know what to look out for.  ..Just wanted to share that I didn't drink today even though passing by that store was SO hard.  I still don't feel great I'm not 100% just yet but I do have a more peaceful mind today compared to the last several weeks where it was a hurricane in there.
----------immediate responses--------

That is so awesome! Great job on not drinking I know how hard it can be and how we always get the case of the "fuck its"
Good work /u/agentjayd007 -- it sounds like you have your day one daily victory.
As I was reading this I felt as if I typed it myself...I honestly feel that I have been in this exact situation. I don't know how to explain it... it's just that your post correlated with me. ..I am no sage. I'm learning myself. I'm trying my best to stick with it. I suggest you do the same. It's hard. Really hard. I'm surprised I've made it this far... but I can tell you that I am noticing a difference. ..Anything you want to get off of your chest something you want to talk about want to share a funny joke... PM me. .
Well done.You just proved to your self that you got what it takes.1 month for me on friday.I went into town today(live in the country)usually every trip into town meant stocking up.Not any more.Feels great.
Way to go /u/agentjay007! That is such great news! I knew you could do it. Tomorrow will be a little easier but WOOT WOOT for the victory of getting to bed sober again tonight. ..I hope you get a better sleep tonight. It will get easier and easier. I'm so proud of you and happy that you found that strength and walked on by the poison store...Congrats!
That's very good news. It was a difficult day for me too. Thought more than once about drinking but didn't. One day longer one day stronger. We did it. Thanks for sharing and helping me through this day. 
Dude you fucking rock. Thanks for coming back an making an accountability post. That was so key. We're proud of you. Feel free to stop in any time tonight to say what's up!
Some random internet stranger (me) is SUPER PROUD of you!
Congrats on your second day sober and thank you for your message last. It helps to know there is someone out there going through something that I'm going through. I don't completely know why it helps but it does.
Good for you.  The first days are the hardest.
I think the important thing is to focus on today or even this hour and tell yourself you won't drink. I felt a trigger to drink today but it quickly passed because it made me feel really angry with myself. One day at a time...Netflix is still enjoyable sober :)..I'm not 100% yet either and I won't be for a while. That's okay though. I think it's okay for you too...don't hold yourself to an unattainable standard but I also suggest you don't slack in being active in recovering. ..Good luck I hope I see your badge reach day 2.
Hey all that matters is don't drink. If there are no meetings just don't drink in the time until the next one. Good job. 
I know about the cold sweats at night the horrible half-awake nightmares.. I've felt the same as you so many times at work like everyone knows  it's just awful..I also felt like my brain was barely working and couldn't get anything useful done...But keep it up it gets so much better. The cravings lessen and just feeling normal and not worrying about what people know and having no anxiety is so worth it. ...Ask yourself if you've ever woken up in the morning wishing that you'd have had a drink the night before?
That's really cool. A mentor in my early sobriety always used to say "just make it to midnight." And even now I still take it one day at a time like you did today. The "white knuckle phase" is long past for me and it does get easier though. But everyday I get to make that decision. The booze will always be there but for now it can wait. I had a great day today and want to have one tomorrow as well...Keep posting. You're an inspiration not just to the newcomers but to some of us that have been around awhile too.
Oh man I couldn't imagine working while detoxing. Props to you...Day 3 is when I started to feel better and kept feeling better after that.
