-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2epr5t/100_is_a_nice_round_number/

[95 days ago I posted this](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/26ey9d/today_is_day_5_of_sobriety_this_time_around_tried/)...I have been alive for over 12200 days.  To think that just 100 days is a big deal is a little hard to understand but it is a hard won victory to be sober and totally clean of intoxicating substances for 100 days and nights.....What has changed?..I have not had a single hangover.  I wake up every morning remembering what I did the day before (the good the bad and the ugly.  Getting sober doesn't make me perfect!)..I am still not a morning person but I make it to work on time now and don't constantly call in late or call off due to "headaches" (Read: Hangovers).  ..My skin is much much better.  It is no longer red and flushed and dry.  My eyes are clear I no longer have bags under my eyes (normally)...I haven't lost any weight. If anything I've gained some because I'm eating instead of drinking.  That is something I need to work on.  ..I no longer fear every ache and pain to be caused by alcoholism.  I take vitamins try to get some exercise in and drink lots of water.  I no longer have pain in my right side where my liver is located.  (Poor little liver...I was so mean to that thing.)...I go to therapy every other week.  I attend AA meetings 3 or 4 times per week.  I touch base with my sponsor via text or phone call every day.  I am working the steps of Alcoholics Anonymous...I'm on Step 4 and it is not easy but I will get through it.  I use /r/stopdrinking daily either posting or commenting on other posts.  Many of the people here with longer sobriety have been supportive and I appreciate the support I find here.  ..I have signed up to be on the committee to plan next year's AA state convention in my area. ..My relationships have improved overall.  I have cut ties with "drinking buddies" unless they will get together without alcohol.  My other friends and my family have been super supportive. My marriage has somewhat improved and my husband has shown more signs of being supportive in recent weeks.  It is a learning process but I'm getting there.  ..I am not perfect.  I struggle. I get angry...I get jealous of others who can drink and I can't...my sneaky alcoholic brain tells me "Oohh!  Look!  We made it over 3 months...clearly we don't really have a problem.  What is just one drink going to hurt?"  Yeah....umm when have I ever had just **one** drink?  ..If you asked me what one thing is the most important in being sober for 100 days I would say "Support".  I could not have done this alone.  ..Keep posting and stay sober my friends.  .Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so proud of you /u/NonnyMouse69. Keep up the good work!
[deleted]
This is great! I've been following your progress and I'm so happy to see you reach this milestone! Sounds like you're doing all the right things. Congratulations!
Wow it's almost hard to believe that the post from 95 days ago is the same NonnyMouse that I have come to know and love through your posts! You have become an awesome role model for this community. Congrats on 100 days!
I am so proud of you Mouse happy century!  You have been a role model for how to get a jump on this whole sober thing because you are the newcomer who dove head first into recovery and are now reaping the benefits.  Keep doing what you are doing!
[deleted]
Wanna know something cool? I've said many times I run iAlien and don't see badges which is true yesterday when I posted pics of last week I was downloading the imgur app thought I'd poke around the App Storenoticed a new app to run Reddit called "Bacon Reader" (anyone else use it?) better reviews blah blah blah down loaded it used it really briefly last night since I went with the Dad's and Hannah to a one week old dinner date. ..Log in this morning and the FIRST thing I noticed BADGE NUMBERS!!! Specifically yours!!! Happy 100 days lady you are an amazing example here you really have jumped in and taken things by the reins despite some big obstacles. I know this 100 days has been rife with struggle and yet you are pushing through I think it's incredible. Do something nice for for yourself today.
Big congrats Mouse! You should be very proud of not only your sobriety but also the gift you are giving by sharing your journey with us!
Congratulations!
It is isn't it? Congrats!
Silly brain. Don't get jealous - what good comes of even 'normal' drinking?  (and for us what would be the point of a 'few' drinks???)   Seriously Congrats - what an achievement !  Do something nice for yourself today.
Inspiring story.  Thanks for sharing!  I am at 50 and needed this!
Good on ya!
Congrats on this milestone and on a personal note thank you SO much for all your words of encouragement when I was gutting out the first two weeks. Your support and wisdom helped me so much I don't know if I'd be at Day 17 without you. Thanks Mighty Mouse.
Congratulations on 100 days. You earned it! I appreciate how thoughtful and supportive you are around here. You frequently know just the right words to say and you do it with humor. I'm glad we get to hang out with here :)
Congrats! Inspiring to see I'm not the only one who has these thoughts. You rock and are beautiful and full of worth.
congrats on 100!
Congrats!  Im right there behind you :)
