-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2er5h7/relapse_dreams_the_curse_and_the_gift/

Addiction is such a powerful thing. It grips the mind and completely entangles itself into your life. This is never so apparent as when you try to end your addiction. Whether it be quitting drugs or alcohol your whole body screams to return to old habits like a child screams for a toy that was taken away. Even the act of sleeping isn't immune to the effects of the addict's mind...I'm quitting drinking and pornography due to their unhealthy effects on my life. These aren't the only two things that I've had problems with. I'm also a former smoker. My last cigarette was over 2.5 years ago. It was hard to quit smoking but I have never regretted my decision or the hard work I put into it. I never want to smoke again. But still 2.5 years later I'll sometimes dream about smoking and its pleasures. I hate those dreams because they remind me of the person I used to be: an overweight slob who sought reprieve in a pack of Camel Turkish Silvers. But I love them too because they remind me of the person I have become: a healthy individual who has a better control of his life. This is the curse and the gift of ending addiction. It never leaves you wholly and completely but every time you remember your old habit you remember you're stronger than it. And you get stronger every day...A few nights ago I had a dream I was drinking a glass of red wine in a car at 9:00 in the morning. It's been 25 days since I last had a drink. In the dream it wasn't until I had taken the drink that it dawned on me I had relapsed. In my subconscious dream state my sobriety was merely an afterthought. I became enraged. How could I have let myself slip without even thinking of my 21 day streak of sobriety? All the emotions the shame the rage the feeling of weakness washed over me. They were real because I felt they were real. This nasty cocktail of stress must have caused me to enter a brief period of lucid dreaming. I realized I was dreaming in the dream then woke up. And I realized I hadn't relapsed. I was still sober. ..It's strange to put into words but waking up almost felt like a second chance like a breath of fresh air even though I hadn't jeopardized my sobriety in the first place. The curse and the gift had showed themselves again. I felt the emotions that would surely accompany an actual relapse. I tasted the shame the rage and the feeling of weakness. And they would all be there waiting in the event of a true relapse. But I felt all this without having actually relapsed. The pride the happiness and the feeling of strength are still there. And I grow stronger every day...That's the thing about relapse dreams: they mean you're winning. They mean your addiction is losing. But addiction is a crooked player and will try every dirty trick in the book to get you to come back to it. Your goal is to be the better person and win the game the only way you can: fair and square. It's a long hard road but other people have traversed it and so can you..
----------immediate responses--------

Very Nice Thanks for Sharing.  Oddly (or not) I have not had dreams with Alcohol.  But I did enjoy reading about the anger in the dream.  I have wrote a few times this is how it is for me.  Stopping an addiction is an aggressive activity that needs a counter strong emotion and action to match the craving and that evil SOB inner voice.  Take Care and Safe Journeys to you
You might find [this link from the FAQ enlightening.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/)
Drinking dreams are horrible while happening but wonderful upon wakening.  I shared my most recent dream here a few days ago where I went on a complete bender over a minor frustration but then thought to myself (while still dreaming) that I had better call my sponsor and get to a meeting...I shared that with my sponsor afterward (while awake!) and she laughed and said "Now that's progress!" 
