-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2etjio/im_back/

I was recently in a motorcycle accident which  required I have surgery and pain meds. Being both an alcoholic and poly drug use it didn't take me long to start abusing them especially after my surgery(last Wednesday) which was actually 11 days after my accident. If iwas honest i knew i was gonna do it while iwas still lying on the side of the highway.  This brought me very close to a full relapse of drugs and alcohol. Anyways came totally clean last night to my sponsor flushed the rest and talked to my SO. Now I'm just dealing with the withdrawl and aftermath of dishonesty. Extreme anxiety but I'm back. 
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go CK!  This took self-awareness guts humility and honesty!  All things I bet you could not have said about yourself 100 days ago.  So your path to sobriety seems to be working in my opinion.  Keep it up my friend!!!!
Welcome back /u/colorfulknuckles -- what a relief to see you posting again.   OK let's make a decision not to drink TODAY.  Start working on the daily victories over this disorder.
Glad you are back! I had major surgery last Tuesday and upon release my dr. Gave me a script for Percocet he knows me pretty well but he's never seen me in my addiction and thought it was specific to alcohol I handed it back to him and told him he could toss it shred it whatever. I was feeling pretty good physically knew that I had a very tough emotional road to travel and thought it best not to even have the option of having 20 pills...Hang in there friendyou know we are pulling for you you know from being here and experiencing the love and support that you have a lot of people in your corner. Check in check often!
I guess you remembered what would happen if you continued the lie. So glad you made it back. Kudos!
Welcome back! So glad you are ok and back on track to reclaim your life. As you know the anxiety is temporary as are the other crappy withdrawal feelings. Keep posting and stay close!
To echo what others have said so happy you made it back here! ..Also try not to beat yourself up; you've been through a horrific ordeal involving real physical pain. Drawing the lines of drug abuse with physical pain can be very difficult and personally it's hard to tell when I actually need the medication and am just denying it to myself because I'm an addict versus abusing it. As my sponsor says it's a quality of life issue. 
Thanks everybody! 
