-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2eu2sb/relapse_last_night/

Nothing too bad.  A couple of beers so I'm not hungover and not feeling the withdrawals today.  But it's still not good...Back on the wagon!  I'm not giving up on quitting...  I don't care how many relapses I have.  It's not over until I'm underground!
----------immediate responses--------

That's the spirit! Good luck
Hi /u/cartmancakes. I saw your post yesterday also. I'm sorry you are having a tough time  but I'm glad you are still here. ..What are you going to change this time so you dont drink today?
Nice!  ..Would suggest a different approach this time around.  I'm trying all avenues after my recent relapse. 
I really like beer but now that I'm not drinking alcohol I keep a pack of Malta around for when I get the urge. It's not a non-alcoholic beer. It's a sweet malt soda. Quite tasty if you're into dark beers.
Pick yourself up dust yourself off and get back on track. You can do this.
Me too. I just put in my request to reset my badge. I was in a really weird mood yesterday. Everything felt off although I've kind of felt like that all week. So I ended up drinking...It wasn't all that bad. I had a large portion of a bottle of wine (my girlfriend had some). I didn't wake up hungover and went for a run in the morning. ..I still feel disappointed with myself but I'll deal with it. Been thinking of trying my hand at meetings again anyway.
If I could just get future me to talk to present me Im sure I could be more successful quitting. Im only a day in Im just hoping to make it a week at this point Im sure you can too.
You can do this!..I needed to try and do something different because I learned that when I do what I've always done I get what I've always gotten.  In other words every time I went back to drinking after a period of stopping I tried to do something different when I quit the next time or I knew I would end up back where I started.  There are many good suggestions here so I suggest trying some and maybe this will be the last time you have to quit..
Your posting here shows that you see a problem just gotta figure out a viable plan of attack you can do this! You've got lots of support here shoot me a pm if you need someone to talk to more than happy to help  
