-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2evujq/in_need_of_an_attitude_adjustment/

Hey all..My longest sobriety before this attempt was somewhere around where I'm at now.  Last time I relapsed  because I couldn't keep up with demands of school and work and my personal life...I'm encountering the same problems as before and I don't know how to make it through this. .. Anyone able to help with this?
----------immediate responses--------

Give AA a try. 
&gt;I don't know how to make it through this...Whatever these problems are I guarantee you that drinking will make them worse. You think things are rough now? Imagine dealing with all of this shit *and* drinking. Doesn't that sound fucking terrible? You're sober and you can't keep up. You think getting tanked is gonna speed things up? Is going to help in any possible way shape or form? Fuuuuuuuck no chief. You're over 100 days in. That's triple digits. You can't go back now. You're too good for that shit. Damn. ..You can do this. Thanks for posting.  .. ..
In the past Ive just shut my eyes and continued forward.  I have these moments in life that just seem to fly by and before I know it... its 2 months from now.  This is a reminder that these blurrs can happen at will.  The first parts of my recovery were like this.  I knew it would get better with time (it has in the past) so I had to just wait it out.  Just trudge forward and let time pass.  ..There is the cliche be sober for today.  Since now is all we really have live for today you know that connection.  It works for me so why not use it like a tool.  Shut down the ol'thinking department and go auto pilot for a bit.  Stay sober for today and do that 30 or 10 or 5 times and then comeback.  My feelings and outlook tend to change in time so I give myself some time...You have made it 109 days so far.  I was proud of myself when I hit 100.  Its a victory I can use to feel good when gloomy.  Either way its a choice you will have to make.  Restart?  or Keep going?..Good luck m8.  We are stronger than we think.
Every time I have ever used alcohol to cope with problems I wound up with worse problems.  My commitment is stronger now that I realize this.  As painful as the emotions fear worry and panic are learning how to cope and get past it is the answer.  Alcohol prevents me from learning how to do this.
When I start feeling overwhelmed by *everything* I try to shift my focus on just *one* thing. Whatever I need to do next is the only thing I try to give my attention to. Breaking stuff up into smaller manageable sized portions helps me in terms of not feeling like I'm in over my head...Try to do what's in front of you. Don't think about what's next just what's *now*.
