-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2f1295/mouse_gains_a_new_perspective_on_holiday_weekends/

(This will probably not be a big revelation to most of you but for some reason I did not think about things this way until yesterday.)..I wrote a post yesterday asking about what people's plans were for this weekend. I attended an AA meeting yesterday. The same topic of dealing with holiday celebrations came up at that time. One of the people that shared really said something that struck a chord with me. ..He said the holiday is no different than any other day for him. When he was drinking as an alcoholic he was drinking every day. For a normal person maybe holidays are a drinking occasion. For an alcoholic that drank every day any day that ends in Y would count as a drinking day...That really spoke to me. In my case I was drunk very nearly every night. It didn't matter what season what the weather was like what activity I was doing as soon as I got away from my job I was probably drinking...That being said holidays have been tough in early sobriety. They are challenging because i am invited to attend events where normal people are celebrating with alcohol. I am NOT a normal drinker. Someone once told me "if you need to drink to be social you are not a social drinker." Well damn....For me with only three months of sobriety under my belt I deal with this situation by avoiding those alcohol events. I surround myself with celebrations that do not involve temptation. That is a little sad and a little disappointing because I am distancing myself from old friends and it is challenging because my husband really would like to go back to attending those events. Just because I do not drink that does not mean everyone should not drink. But I cannot put myself in a situation where I am uncomfortable and miserable the whole time do to temptation....Perhaps eventually I will be able to attend picnics and events where people are drinking and I will no longer struggle with that. For today I will view this as just another day and for TODAY I will not drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Yep I love holiday weekends especially the extra day off from work.  Right now the Labor Day air show is underway and my dogs Stella and Stanley are freaked out by the noise of the Blue Angels as they sweep through the neighborhood on their way back and forth along the Lake shore.  I enjoy the hubbub at the local park and the smells and the great hot weather.  But I don't miss drinking and all the nonsense associated with alcoholism.  I'm with you Mouse I will not drink TODAY!
I used to take an extra day off every holiday weekend so I could have more time to drink.  I was lamenting the fact that I didn't take an extra day off this time and it hit me that while it'd be nice to have more time at home I'm really glad I'm not wasting my vacation time and money anymore.
I used to really ramp up my drinking after work before a big holiday. Why not celebrate? The problem was as my drinking progressed this essentially ruined every single holiday due to massive full body hangovers and withdrawals. Good thinking me. These days I enjoy them to the fullest and am grateful. Hooray sobriety.
