-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2f4uss/power_struggles_in_aa/

I recently got a sponsor and he's been good so far. He may not have years and years of sobriety like the other guys but he's a good guy bought me a Big Book is reviewing the steps with me this week and is always telling me of good meetings to go to and how to get involved. ..I was speaking with a guy who is both an NA and AA bigwig and he knows basically everyone. Anyways I told him that this guy is my sponsor and he had nothing good to say. He kept calling him a narcissist and that I can do way better. And then he kept pushing me to get a sponsor who he approved of. ..I am just really confused. I don't know what this guy's beef is with my sponsor. So far I have no reason not to trust the guy who's sponsoring me. The only thing I can think of is that my sponsor is a gay guy in his forties and this other guy might be homophobic. He made some kind of suggestion like my sponsor might be some sort of sex deviant but when I asked him why he couldn't give me any straight answers. Only that my sponsor is a gay guy and that's about all there is to it. I have no problem with gay guys my piano teacher all my life was a gay guy and he taught me so much. One of my good friends is gay as well and while I may not be gay myself I never felt threatened by them...I feel kind of angry and confused right now. I feel like I'm being manipulated by this NA dude who's got years of sobriety because he's been around a long time and might feel entitled to calling the shots. For all i know he could be right though. I've been in AA for one week and I don't know anyone very well. ..Btw I live in Boston where homophobia is HUGE. I just don't know what to think right now. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

If your happy don't sweat it who gives a shit what N/A guy said?
I would stick with your gut and stay with your original sponsor.  It sounds like u might be being manipulated as you stated.  But I would go with what feels right.
It was pretty important to me that I pick my sponsor instead of delegating that to someone else. Having said that objective references can be valuable (emphasis on "objective"). It does sound like the bigwig has something personally against your sponsor so that reference seems biased. If you're concerned get several other opinions. Or just see how it works out for yourself.
I always listen to and consider everyone's opinions but in the end I make my own decisions. If I were in your situation I'd think something like "OK guy's been sober for a while. He's probably seen a lot.  I should take note of what he has to say.  He seems to have a problem with gay people so his opinions may be biased.  But that doesn't necessarily mean that they're wrong--he could be biased _and_ right all at the same time." ..Some people just aren't good at expressing themselves.  Though I can only imagine a few situations where someone would go out of their way to disparage another person so vehemently and they all involve strong passions.  Passion because he's seen this end poorly before?  Passion because he strongly believes that sponsors should be experienced?  Or passion because he hates gay people? Or maybe he just hates this guy in particular.  Who knows. ..I'm pretty sure I wouldn't seek counsel in the future and I know I wouldn't trust him.  If he says stuff like that about people behind their backs you can be sure that he'll say things like that about you behind your back too...In the end I'd probably put his opinion in the *duly noted* box &amp; carry on. I'd ascribe very little weight to his opinion but I couldn't completely ignore it because while he may be an asshole he does have a lot of experience.  I'd tell my sponsor what the guy said because I think he has a right to know. And I wouldn't ask anyone else for a second opinion on my chosen sponsor.  The guy couldn't point to anything specific.  It sounds like he has his own issues going on.
Good on you for posting about the issue instead of just sitting on it.. .More time does not by any means equal a better quality of sobriety. The old guard guy might have good intentions or he might not but he's definitely not acting in the soberest manner. Trust your gut...For the record my first sponsor was a vegan drag queen and I am pretty  far from either of those things and he was just fucking fabulous. I did change sponsors eventually for a few reasons. Mostly geographical proximity and also different general outlooks on some things. It IS OK for you to do that also but do it because it is what YOU want to do. If this guy is working for you then he's working for you and that's that.
I don't know why I'm always surprised by people trash-talking each other in AA.  I've even heard my own sponsor do it (and then she'll say .something like "Oh wow there's one of my character defects showing!") Having years of sobriety is no guarantee of being a wonderful human being.
some sort of sex deviant.The main reason I dislike religions is the no scientific stand point and this type of view of peoples life styles.He sounds like a frustrated person who is not happy with his life in some way and needs to lift him self up by looking down on people.If anything he's the narcissistic one.Fuck'em.If your happy with your sponsor an d the relationship is helping then carry on.your doing good.
If your current sponsor has been through the steps all the way then I see no reason you shouldn't keep him.
who cares what this big wig dude say or thinks.  Remember that it is not the quantity of sobriety one has bit the quality.  A more spiritual route the big wig guy could have taken is to just put his hand out and let you know he was there and to call you and see if you needed any help.  That's it.  Bleeding Deacons try and stay away from...Listen all that matters is that you want to be sober and the sponsor you have is perfect for you right now.  That's it.  By the way if the big wig is saying your sponsor is bad and insinuating he is bad then maybe he is really speaking of himself. ..Don't worry to hard.  You're not hanging in the depths of the most sane art of the world! LOL.  Just stay sober one day at a time and be of service..It will all happen the way its supposed to.
Years even decades of sobriety do not of themselves confer some kind of infallibility. If you like your current sponsor and he's helping you just go with it.
The person you pick as sponsor should "have something you want" - sobriety you respect happy authentic etc. You decide what that is. Most importantly someone you feel you can be completely honest with and who will hold the space and confidence you share as sacred. Someone who is talking trash of others unsolicited? Not so much. ..Never forget that by definition 12 Step programs are not bastions of health. Chose wisely let the others go with love. 
Psh if you feel good about your sponsor stick with him.  If shit gets weird later you can always go a different route.  Ignore this noise though as others have said...Shit that's lame of that guy though.
some people are homophobic.. it might be that or he might have been genuinly concerened...just do what you feel is honesly right. The steps still work even if your sponsor is not perfect.  No one is perfect. As long as your sponsor is trying ot help others then he is allright in my book
My advice would be to ignore the second guy and keep talking with your sponsor. IF your sponsor ever does or says anything to sketch you out deal with that then. But the NA/AA "bigwig" sounds like a sketchy guy to me...I encountered this a few times as my favorite meeting in my old neighborhood was a primarily gay one. (Probably most accurate to call it a very straight-friendly gay meeting.) Folks at other meetings would ask where else I went and mentioning the gay meeting was a good litmus test for small-minded people. ..FWIW there is nearly no hierarchy in NA/AA purposely so. It's not a company it's not an organization it's a fellowship. There are meeting chairs and other jobs but those are considered service positions: those people are serving the fellowship. My experience in AA is to steer clear of anyone who tries to imply they have a position of power in the fellowship or anyone who acts like they have it all figured out and you should just do as they say. Sadly there are a lot of them. ..TLDR: Your sponsor sounds like a good guy the so-called "bigwig" sounds like the real narcissist to me.
If there's a real genuine reason you can't trust your sponsor there should be no difficulty in it being communicated clearly. I'm thinking something like "He tries to give his sponsees blowjobs." Like something that clear. ..If he can't give you a clear reason there's something fishy going on. If you must speak with this 'bigwig' again ask him clearly blankly for a clear reason. If he gives you doubletalk he's full of shit...By the way: there are no 'bigwigs' in AA and NA. There are only blowhards. Time means nothing. Social connections mean nothing. The only thing that matters is spiritual principles. Some of the guys with the most time most impressive shares biggest social circles and most impressive 'credentials' were the most completely full of shit...Not always but the point is there is *no* correlation between those attributes and recovery. Think about it. The principles of the 12 steps are all about humility serenity surrender... real Buddha shit. Not about calling shots not about being a 'big man in recovery.' ..Beware of anyone who has the 'right answers' in 12 step. They don't. There aren't any. Anyone who says otherwise is just trying to sell you something. In fact that goes for me too. I'm trying to sell you something: that AA is subjective. That's my opinion. Take it with a grain of salt...There's this awesome zen parable that I like: ..If you meet the Buddha on he road kill him...
Just because someone is sober a long time doesn't mean they're not still an *asshole*....You probably are just dealing with an asshole. Is someone has a good program then they don't have to criticize others they can lead with their own attraction....Anyone that criticizes or puts down others lose the right to influence my opinion immediately because they turn me off. I most definitely do judge others especially when they judge harshly and I hope that I use righteous judgement. We have brains to use so I use them...So the eternal truth of "Judge not lest you be judged" is true...I expect you to judge me because I judge you as a reflex. I'm continually judging whether I should associate with you. ..I don't associate with a huge proportion of the fellowship of AA because they are not my type. That's life. When I got married I only married one woman not every woman. I exercised my judgement and chose....So will you....Decide who will have the right to influence your opinion and pray for righteous judgment and continue to seek the truth because as your perception changes the way truth looks will change.....Yeah so I probably typed a lot of stuff there I just had my coffee!
Just because we are sober - it does not mean that we are nice people socially adept sane coherent right humble or whatever.   ..Stick with the winners. sounds like you are doing the right thing....
