-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2f6eqy/relapse_i_need_to_take_this_seriously/

So I relapsed again. I recently posted about a recent relapse I was so committed to getting back in it but literally 3 days later I went back to drinking full force. I havent really stopped since. Last night I had a fight with my boyfriend about what I can't even remember and afterwards I went back to the bar without him to meet up with a friend. Im a 22 year old female and went back home with a 40 year old for some coke he had at his place... I'm an absolute disaster. I got back home at 7:30am and my boyfriend made me "sleep" on the couch. The sad thing is when I was coming off the drugs and alcohol I literally craved them both so much. I was going to call that guy I met back. I'm still feeling that way. And it scares me so much.  ..This is absolute insanity. It needs to stop. I need to climb out of this pit Ive dug for myself. I feel so sick. I need help and I need to use the help that I have. 
----------immediate responses--------

May 7th 2011 was the last time I did coke. That shit is nasty. The worst part about it is the comedown isn't it? One of the worst feelings I've ever experienced is the feeling of being high on coke and wanting to do more coke and not having any more coke. It's dangerous too. So is booze but in a different way. ..I typically don't immediately suggest meetings but you need to get to meetings. NA or AA. Personally I'd rather go to AA but that's your choice. Don't worry about doing steps don't worry about a sponsor but you need to sit your ass in a chair and just *listen* for awhile. If won't be fun but you said it yourself. "This is absolute insanity." It is. And please don't think I'm being judgmental. I've been where you are. I'm 26 only slightly older than you are. I spent the first half of my 20's getting fucked up on whatever I could get fucked up on. Please believe when I tell you that it gets worse. Quit now. The shit that is coming down the road at the pace you're on is going to be bad. There is some shit on the horizon coming in and unless you get some face-time with some people who want to help this is going to be difficult. ..Please keep coming back here to read and post. Your post has struck a chord with me. I kept coming here and the whole sober idea stuck and the past 11 months have been absolutely incredible. Life-changing. I can now define my life in terms of pre-sober and post-sober. Using drugs destroys slowly but thoroughly. ..You can avoid a lot of heartache if you choose to give this an honest and true shot. I want that for you. We all do. Keep coming back. Get to a meeting and keep coming back. 
Hello  and welcome! You are correct. It's time to get serious about your relationship with drugs. I don't know what help you have but seeing a professional addiction counselor helped me immensely. Rehab and AA saved my life. What's your plan?
You do things that are bad for you. But the worst part is going home with random people for coke/whatever. You never know who these people really are. Stop before you get raped or killed. Seriously. There are some fucking scary creeps out there.
&gt;and I need to use the help that I have...What is that help if I may ask?
I've also done lots of stupid things in the past including coke and ecstasy. The come down is fucking awful and everything that goes with drink and drug use. .I'm not really able to give any advice as I'm just starting on my recovery journey from being an alcoholic. I'm not sure yet what works but one thing I do know is that you have admitted you need help so go and make it happen you can do it. 
The drink gets you started into the path of other things.   If you weren't drunk you wouldn't have even considered going over to a strangers house for blow.   Stay sober and stay safe. 
As you have figured out: Judgement and common sense go right out the window once you start drinking...I know they do for me as well! I've made plenty of bad decisions while drinking...things I'd never consider sober. But I haven't made any bad decisions like that since I quit. It's a good feeling...and you can have it too!..Just avoid that FIRST drink!..Welcome back!
We have all relapsed.  I can't even count the times I went a few days weeks or even a month sober....then BOOM!  One led to two then so on and so on.  ..I made a video (it talks alot about depression because I was depressed.  I was depressed because I drank and then drank because I was depressed - what a horrible merry go round ride).  I have been sober for 5 months now and I wanted to share the best summer of my life and show folks that if I can do it anyone can. ..As /u/Nika65 says you can't dwell on the past.  Whether it's the past from yesterday 2 months ago or 10 years ago.  YOUR PAST CANNOT DICTATE YOUR FUTURE.  You can learn from it allow it to make you strong but do not let it dictate your future.  ..THE PRESENT NOW DICTATES YOUR FUTURE.  What you decide today will dictate what happens tomorrow then next week and maybe even next year and/or the rest of your life.  ..You are here and that is a great thing.  You have help you said....USE IT.  After a bazillion relapses of my own it wasn't until I reached out that has made my sobriety finally a success.  Plus I continue to reach out (this SUB my family and friends my trainer etc) because I know they were a part of my success and to continue to be succesful i need to keep doing the things that got me here...Best of luck to you.....You made a mistake.  We are human you are human.  Please don't dwell.  Make today that will Dicate your tomorrow.  ((Hugs)) to you.  We are all rooting for you!
[deleted]
