-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2f703p/newly_sober_struggling_w_family_boozingwarning/

So I have been sober for about 6 months.  I had a beer about a week ago or so but don't foresee me using alcohol on a regular basis ever again.  I have felt the benefits of sobriety and never want to go back.  I have a plan on getting into therapy soon and am considering regular AA meetings.  I would probably be considered "almost alcoholic" and scored very low on the SD assessment.  Even though other people probably would not consider me to have a problem I knew I did.  I knew it was something I needed to let go of in my life in order to become more true to the person I was meant to be.  ..I have realized that letting go of that crutch has been the best decision I have ever made for lots of reasons:  1) my mental and physical health has improved dramatically--less anxiety less moody; 2) I am clear for my kids; 3) I have realized that I actually like myself more when I am not drinking.  ..Quitting drinking however has had caused some "problems" for me though.  First let me give you some background.  I was a moderate to heavy drinker most of my life with most of my heavy binging taking place in my 20's.  I met my husband (a bartender at the time) and we had a great time partying in our early years.  He was dabbling in some drug use as well and was always a heavier drinker than me.  ..When we first got married we were still partying pretty good.  He got a DUI one night.  In addition to that he had two drinking related accidents that he was never nailed for.  He would try to control his drinking but there would continue to be episodes of periodic bingeing.  He admitted to being a "high functioning alcoholic".  His drinking would ebb and flow--but something would always eventually set me off because he drank too much.  ..After we had children my drinking tapered off considerably but my husband's drinking--not so much.  The real kicker came when he was arrested for his second DUI and had to spend 30 days on house arrest.  After that it became easy for me to be angry with him and "his problem" but not focus on the fact that I would have the occasional "too many".  The kids have gotten older and drinking continued.  Drinking was something that we always had in common.  We've taken wine trips had lot of parties with friends relaxed together and drank on our patio listening to music.  We were "safe" as long as we weren't driving anywhere. ..In addition to our personal drinking habits we also have regular family gatherings with his side of the family.  The heavy drinking is a major theme every time we get together from basically start to finish (and most of the times these are weekend long gatherings).   His brother in law his nephew 2 nieces and his brother all have had alcohol related problems in their lives. They all have had at least 1 DUI.  The brother has a son who is grown and has had DUI and now problems with cocaine which he has been imprisoned for.  ..Unfortunately during these weekend family gatherings my kids and all the nieces and nephews are being exposed to this family culture of heavy drinking.  Some of the boozers in the group are worse than others but basically it is an unhealthy environment for the kids to be around.  After the binge weekends I would be angry and I would talk to my husband about it.  He'd say that he understands but year after year nothing has changed.  I would drink moderately around them just to cope with their heavy drinking...it was ridiculous.   ..Back to me and my issue...my moderate use began to catch up with me.  I would have the occasional hangovers and they were starting to make me question my own drinking habits.  I began to have raging anxiety and my last hangover in March sealed the deal for me.  I knew I had to stop drinking.  Not only have I experienced the benefits of overall improved health I have also had a spiritual awakening. I have learned that you can enjoy family friends and activities without a chemical substance altering your brain.  It is a more pure and real experience and it comes with absolutely no pain!  So many problems in life (my life) have been caused by alcohol and I am completely over it.  ..So long story short--I am in a dilemma because I have seen the light and plan to stay sober yet I am in a family who refuses to understand that what they are doing will eventually affect most if not all of these children (my two boys 9 and 12; nieces 6 11 13; and nephew 16).  They will grow up and have the same heartaches if my husband and their parents don't realize what they are doing to perpetuate this cycle of addiction.  My husband blows me off because he is in denial.  He feels the occasional binge with the family isn't a big deal but these kids are watching and learning how to behave.  ..I am in a predicament because I am the newly sober one and I don't want to be the person that is complaining about all the alcohol use when I used to be somewhat in the mix with them.  I don't want to be the person pointing fingers and demonizing their behavior.  If it was just me and my husband involved I could deal with it by just not going to all their booze events.  But my children have these cousins that are extremely close to.  They want to spend time with their cousins and I don't want to take that away from them.  ..Recently my husband proved to me that he can't be responsible on these outings if I'm not there.  Over the past 4th of July I opted out of the booze weekend and I made him promise me that my boys didn't get into the car with his niece (she has had a history of pill popping and smoking weed).  Of course he started drinking and when the evening came to an end his niece drove him and my boys home.  He can't understand why I felt that his alcohol use came before me and our kids.  He claimed she was fine but he was drinking and wouldn't have noticed if she was high.  He apologized but I really don't believe he gets it.  ..Honestly I don't want to have to go to therapy go to AA and go to fricken Al Anon!!!  I have to try and keep myself away from all the shit and I am annoyed that I will have to continue dealing with everyone else's booze problem and how it may impact my children...I DON'T KNOW HOW TO HANDLE THIS and I NEED HELP!!!!!!!!!!....
----------immediate responses--------

I'm just going to make a suggestion for one part of your post I'm new so I'm not so awesome on giving advice about what to do but are there any other sober allies in the family? Would it be possible to organize a side kids event during these get togethers? Maybe that's crazy talk that avoids the issue but if I wanted my kids to see their cousins and not be exposed to the booze-up I think that's something I'd try.
I feel for you.  That is a lot to worry about.  I have created boundaries for my children so they are not around people when they are drinking but I have a smaller family to contend with.  I like the idea of finding a sober ally.  In my experience being out in the open about my feelings has caused a lot of rifts but I would rather have that than let my kids get into a car when someone is under the influence and/or allow them to hang out with intoxicated people.  Maybe that isn't realistic because when they do go out into the world they will be around that (think college/jobs etc..).  
[deleted]
Alcoholic families are the worst. Most of us come from them too. The cycle is as real as other destructive generational cycles in my opinion...I have a couple thoughts and suggestions. Just ideas...+ Go to AA. As sober alcoholics we are basically setting ourselves at a right angle to the rest of our society and that is just considering the healthy drinkers. When you are surrounded by heavy drinkers it is that much harder. It is a huge help to have some sober friends who have navigated these same waters before you...+ Be the designated driver. It's a damn good reason not to drink and you have control of your comings and goings. You and your family leaves when you decide its time to go. (If this is a weekend-long event then it would be wise to let your husband know you plan to leave before it gets too late.)..+ Plan to leave before everyone gets drunk. People are pretty fun when they're sober or when they first start drinking and are just a little loose and happy. Then you say your goodbyes before the madness starts. It's also better for your kids...+ If your husband protests leaving early once he's started drinking surely one of his relatives can give him a ride later or the next morning...+ If you get flak for not staying all night or all weekend maybe you can make up a reason you have to get home. Or maybe you can just be honest that you don't like your kids to be around all the drunkenness. ..+ Take charge of the kids. The kids aren't going to expect you to drink and will probably be pretty happy to have an adult playing with them. You can organize activities play games with them whatever. The kids are often the most fun part of a family gathering. ..+ Help with cooking or take charge of it. ..+ Bring some tasty and refreshing soft drinks for yourself. A lot of heavy drinkers forget that some people don't want alcohol. It's a lot like being the vegan at the barbeque...Good luck.
