-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2f80yn/people_who_havent_relapsed/

Hi /sd!  Sorry in advance for the long post...Just passed my 2 month mark (wahoo!).  I've been doing really well - having no cravings 95% of the time and a decent roster of sober activities to keep me busy.  However I'm coming up on my greatest challenge so far - going to a wedding next weekend.  It's freaking me out for a number of reasons - reuniting with old friends who know me as a heavy drinker social anxiety for meeting new people etc.  I've already booked my flight and am splitting a hotel room with friends so it's a bit late to back out now (and to be honest I really don't want to - these are good friends from college who I haven't seen in more than a year)...The weird twisted part of my brain that always wants a drink is giving me a few rationalizations for wanting to drink at the wedding (beside the obvious one that it just wants a drink):..* These people don't know you're not drinking you can do so without worrying!.* Everyone else will be drinking and will notice if you aren't (normally not true but with these friends probably will happen).* And then the most insideous one of all - "Well you haven't relapsed yet maybe you're okay to drink / everyone relapses eventually it's inevitable might as well schedule it for this event!"..I've seen so many posts of people who have relapsed and so much advice of "It happens to everyone just get back on the horse" that the part of me that still wants to drink has somehow twisted it into "You're going to someday!"...So I was hoping for two things - first anyone who has never relapse to post and tell me that **I don't need to either!**.  And second... any wedding coping tips?  Even just writing this up has helped a lot but you guys are the experts and I'd love your pro tips!
----------immediate responses--------

I never have and neither do you...At 2 months I would not go to an out of town wedding with college drinking buddies who don't know I'm sober!  Probably not what you want to hear but it is the truth.  So I have not relapsed and relapses are certainly not inevitable.  The reason I haven't is because I did not do many of the things you are currently describing.  ..Good luck!
I'm a "white chip wonder" coming up on 2 years on 9/9 haven't relapsed. I was told that relapse was NOT a requirement. I choose every day to not take a drink that day. When I want to take a drink I have tools I learned through AA and I use them. ..I was also a bridesmaid in a wedding at 7 months sober. It was an all day event with drinking starting early in the day. I brought a sober buddy as a date. I took frequent "breaks" from the festivities to take a walk or call a friend or my sponsor. I drank a LOT of club soda with lime. It is entirely possible to attend a wedding and not relapse I am proof of that :)
One thing I do is definitely decide I'm not drinking before I leave the house for an event like this.  It helps me avoid any tug of war about if I should or  shouldn't drink because it's already been decided that I'm not.  I also remind myself that I'm not missing out on anything even tho that little voice tells me otherwise.  Good luck you can get thru it.
Bringing a sober date/buddy is a good idea. If that's not an option pick an understanding friend who you trust to tell about your sobriety and and ask them to stay sober with you during the wedding. Do this before the trip as soon as you can in case you need to ask more than one person. If these friends are as good as you say they are they will support you and your decision. If no one will support you (I think this is unlikely but IF) cancel your flight and back out of the hotel room. The prospect of losing money is not worth losing your sobriety. I bet you have saved more by not drinking the past two months than you have spent on this trip. ..You don't have to relapse!..I've never relapsed. Something really clicked in my head when I decided to get sober and I just kind of woke up and decided never again. It wasn't a particularly significant drunk I don't even remember it. I just remember feeling Done. Even still for a long time I was petrified of relapsing; it plagued my mind every day. Then one day a couple months ago that feeling lifted too.  ..None of this happened magically. I do AA SMART individual therapy and I told my close friends and family what I was going through. I need/needed all the help I could get. Don't be afraid to ask for the help you deserve.
I have been to two out of town bachelor party weekends lately with old drinking buddies most of whom did not know I had quit. The one thing that made it easiest was to tell everyone as soon as I got there that I had quit and have not had a drink in X months. At that point not drinking was a point of pride.  I did not want to look weak so felt very little temptation to drink. 
I have never relapsed.  It's been quite a few days. . 
No relapses here. A relapse isn't am acceptable outcome to me. In a situation like yours I would choose the closest friend of that group and tell them ahead so you pull lacl of accountability off the table :-). ..Practical advice...advance notice the waitor to give you a non champagne toast. Otherwise just politely decline drinks and dance your ass off. Remember that anything you did drunk you can do better sober. Surf the crowd dance like a fool and enjoy the company of good friends. 
No relapse here it's definitely not a requirement.  Just decide right now (and remember how you felt 62 days ago) do you want to relapse or not?..If you make a firm decision now you're more likely to follow through...Regarding your friends you're likely to find them more supportive than you would have imagined.  For me a shitload of coffee or diet soda or even tonic on the rocks with a lime keeps me out of trouble...If you're single look forward to meeting some members of the opposite sex and not being a dumbass.  It's cool to meet strangers and know you're showing them the best of yourself.  Look forward to it that'll help too...I totally would have gone to this wedding two months into my sobriety but maybe I'm an idiot.
I've never relapsed. The idea that relapse is part of the program and to be expected is a myth. Relapse is part of untreated alcoholism. I've seen many people relapse who thought that they could get right back on the horse (sure I can quit haven't I proved that I can?) but unfortunately things don't work out the way they planned. If you think attending the wedding will increase your chances of relapse you would be a very unwise person to go. It all depends on where your priorities are. 
You know what helps? Telling your friends that you don't drink anymore. They might ask why and you can tell them you don't want to anymore. ..It's not easy to divulge taboo aspects of your life but it does help you feel more at peace with your surroundings. You can go to a big drinking party and know that you can't drink. All the people around you get to but you don't. This kind of truthfulness has helped me immensely. 
My sobriety cheat code is that I tell everyone I am an alcoholic and that I can't drink alcohol anymore. That way at least if I relapse it'll be awkward as hell for everybody. ;)
Just made it to 1 month! Been having a stressful week... that little voice in my head says "hey... no one will know... why not?" Then it goes away after I distract myself. You can do it! 
There are a bunch of good ideas here. I suggest you take these and others and write down your plan in detail (assuming you're not going to opt out). Share it (here or with trusted friends) and take it with you. ..In particular I would suggest you let your buddies know that you're not drinking and that you're serious. ..That you're thinking ahead is smart so good on you for that!
Like most have said relapse does not have to be apart of recovery. I also love/suggest everyone's ideas about bringing a sober buddy and/or opening up to your friends about your decisions to be sober. I was a bridesmaid in a wedding just last month The bride is a super close friend who knows my story and what I'm going through so it was super comforting and helpful to have that. I drank lots of sparkling water enjoyed the food my friends and the dancing so it can be done :)
This is my first time I've ever tried to quit. I'll have 84 days and haven't relapsed. I don't plan on doing it either. I want to be a real success story. ..When I went to a wedding this summer I made sure to always have soda water. I toasted with martinelli's sparkling cider. Turns out that stuff is pretty yummy! I noticed several people at my table weren't drinking either. I wanted to ask if they were in recovery but didn't. I caught up with tons of friends I hadn't seen in a long time and had lots of fun. When I got bored I had my husband take me back to where I was staying and went back to the rest of the reception. ..You can do this. Just keep a drink in your hand at all times and have an exit strategy. ..I think one of things that keeps me from going back to drinking is that I refuse to believe that I am "powerless" when it comes to alcohol. If I drink again I think that means I AM powerless and that would suck. 
Shit I have a wedding in a month thats about the same situation. My old roommate from college is getting married and a bunch of my old friends from college are gonna be there. Its gonna be awkward and probably uncomfortable for me to see a lot of my old drinking buddies and be around all that booze. Yea... not excited for that one. Good luck.
I recently skipped a wedding of old friends who now live on the other side of the world. I'm sad I didn't get to share that event with them and it is an important socially symbolic event. I also missed out on seeing a lot of friends who I rarely see since I've moved. I was also concerned about cancelling since I was going with my husband we'd already bought the plane tickets and booked the hotel room and he felt weird about going alone...I decided not to go because this is a friend group that I have a lot of history of drinking with. Not that there isn't additional substance to the friendships but it would have been a trigger for me. And even if I'd stayed sober it would not have been fun for me I would've felt alienated and uncomfortable. I don't know how to be sober in those sort of big formal social situations and even though a lot of the people there were my friends I didn't want to put myself under that sort of pressure...I have zero regrets about missing it. I'm sure there were people there who didn't drink heavily but from what my husband reported there was *plenty* of drinking going on. I know it would not have been good for my sobriety to be around that. Even if I didn't drink I undoubtedly would have spent a lot of time *thinking* about drinking being around people who I drank with who almost definitely would have noticed if I wasn't drinking and asked about it and also seeing and idealizing the "good" side of my drinking (fun comradery with friends) not what that would have turned into in the days after the wedding...I also think it was important for me to make that decision based on my needs just to realize that I could prioritize my sobriety above what other people wanted me to do. I lost the money on the plane ticket but that money was spent anyway. And my husband went by himself and had a fine time...I honestly don't know what the best decision for you and your situation is some people seem to be able to handle these things better than others. I just know that for me it wasn't worth risking my sobriety over.
[deleted]
One easy coping tip is to just walk around with a glass of ginger ale or cola. People can't tell by looking that there's no alcohol in your drink. But a simpler tip is just to say three words: I Quit Drinking. I've found that almost everyone respects this. Don't say I Don't Drink. People think that you're stuck up or take it as a challenge to get you to drink. You could also speak privately with the people that invited you and tell them that you're not drinking. They can help make it a little easier. ..But none of that is the real problem. The real issue is that you will be in a drinking situation and you need to deal with temptation. Normally I would advise that you avoid the wedding this early in your recovery. But I see that's not an option in this case. First I recommend being honest with your friends. If they're not supportive then maybe you need different friends. I know it sounds harsh but you need to think about your sobriety not "letting down your buddies" by not drinking. Next a tip that worked for me in early recovery was LOTS of meetings. You don't say if you're in AA or SMART recovery but if not then you might give it a try. You can check online for meetings for both groups in the city where the wedding takes place. A meeting before the wedding can really help put you in the right frame of mind. One more tip is to distance yourself from alcohol as best you can while you're there. You can't completely avoid it but that doesn't mean you have to hang out next to the bar either...As for those thoughts you mention in your post these are common to everyone in recovery. As for the first even if other people don't know you're not drinking you will know. A good way to counter this thought is to think about what will happen if you take that drink. This worked well for me in my early recovery. For the second so what if people notice you're not drinking? If it's really a problem for you then see my first tip at the beginning of my post. The third one is a REALLY common for people in early recovery. I've met a lot of people in the program that thought they were okay to drink and I've yet to hear anyone say that it worked out well for them. Also not everyone relapses eventually nor is it inevitable. And this wedding is really not a good place to "schedule" one. At the very least tell yourself to wait until it's over. By then you might well decide that you don't need that drink after all...In conclusion I have never relapsed but whether I have or not isn't the issue. What matters is that YOU don't relapse. Two months sober is an amazing accomplishment. I know it doesn't seem like much but it's a lot more than many people ever get. And more days will come. the longer you stay sober the easier it gets and the faster the days seem to come. Best wishes and report back here to let us know how it went!
I haven't had to go back out for further research as well. Best bet is to come clean with the guys you're rooming with and tell them you're sober. No need to give a lead on why but if they ask be honest. ..You'll be surprised on how much fun you will have. Bonus is that you will remember it too!
I'm late to this "party" and I can only second much of the fabulous advice below. For me (who thank God has never relapsed) keys were: avoiding wet places even at the risk of appearing rude or standoffish. My sobriety is more important than the opinions of others. And I still do that by the way when I have even the slightest sense that my sobriety (or serenity) might be at risk. Another is to remind myself that people who are real friends will not only not question but also support my commitment to sobriety. Those who do not are not friends not part of the solution but part of the problem and are to be avoided. Good luck!
[Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/29ccni/today_in_newport/) is my thread from my last wedding. I binge ate (which kind of sucked) and smoked cigars and hit meetings and kept hat thread going and texted with my sponsor. Never relapsed. 
I haven't. Yet. .. I believe I am capable of relapse. But not today. ..I keep grateful.  I listen *hard* when someone relapses and shares about it. My approach to recovery is not casual it's the primary goal of the day. Anything else is gravy. ..Have an escape from the wedding. A way to leave if you need to. I call my sponsor before going it to an event and call on my way home. make friends with the bar tender - let them know you're alcohol free. Best allies ever. 
