-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2f8uy4/hard_time_breaking_tradition_packing_and_moving/

So I live in a warehouse full of artists. It is a large warehouse on the outskirts of the downtown area here and this warehouse has been divided up into many tall spacious art studios. The rent is cheap and most of us (myself included) have built multiple levels in our lofts. .No one is legally allowed to live here but as I like to say we take a lot of eight hour naps here. .Anyway I'm moving out in pursuit of a real place to live (with things like a shower a bathroom that isn't shared by 75+ people a yard and some f'ing windows etc.) but I'm going to wind up staying on my brother's couch for a while. I have to tear down the loft additions and modifications I built (which I'm very proud of) and all of my shit is going into a storage unit I can barely afford. My hours are down big time at work due to circumstances I can't control (the food truck game is unpredictable). .My point is that a really wild chapter of my life is coming to a close. I'm packing up all of my shit this week and i'm now more than ever wanting to carry on a tradition.. something I've embraced doing everytime I move out of a place.. I listen to this one special album on repeat and get drunk and emotional and say goodbye to the place as I collect my things and restore the room. .I guess I'm going to have to listen to something less depressing now and make a new tradition or go ahead and listen to these songs about zombies whiskey greed and the devil destroying a small Mexican town.. but do so without drinking. It's going to be inexplicably difficult for me. I don't know.. I'm not even asking for advice or anything.. I guess I just wanted to vent about this. I don't know of anywhere else where these feelings might make relative sense. .Moving is already really stressful for "normal" people right? And so is job transition? Well I'm in big-time limbo with both and it's fucking intense and I want to collapse into this emotional tradition and just let it all out. .I'm not even asking for advice. I know I want to nd I know I shouldn't and I guess what I'm trying to say is that I have my plate full of obstacles and I am not hungry. I'm thirsty and water isn't cutting it. .I know I don't need it but goddammit I want it. I want to cling to this dumb tradition I have and drink and cry and vent this frustration and sadness and anger and confusion and fear inside of me and i want to say goodbye to this place in what feels to me like the "right" way. It's like some morbid special occasion where I want to celebrate the death of a part of myself. .I don't know. .I don't know if this makes sense to anyone here. .I don't even really "know" any of you but I know we're all here trying to slay this same damned dragon that taunts us every day and just won't fuck off. I know the dragon is watching me watching each of us waiting for that moment of weakness where it can slide in and be the seductive asshole it is. .I feel my moment of weakness coming up and I'm not sure if I can handle it. The "just one night" rationalizations are starting. The '"you went a week you can go even longer after this one little farewell party is over" bullshit is trying to lay eggs in my brain and break me..Tonight I sleep. .Tomorrow I decide..Is it fucked up that part of me truly believes that since I've only gone a week a brief relapse is less of a loss than if I'd gone a month or six or twelve? Part of me knows this to be stupid and part of me really wants to believe it and allow myself this experience..Well if you actually read all that thank you. I don't know what I want anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

After immediately rereading this rant I know you will all say that you want me to make the healthy choice which is of course the right (healthy) advice to give. I just don't know if that's truly what I want this time. I'm tempted to apologize and I don't even know why. 
I'm feeling fortunate for the first time in my life for last-call laws in California. I'm glad I am being forced to sleep on this. Good night everyone.
Maybe you can improvise some other ritual for transition that will satisfy some of what you want? That will involve accepting that you are renouncing all of what you want (i.e. the booze part of the farewell)...The kind of thing you are describing is a great example of how alcohol really gets its hook in. If you deny it this power in this situation I think it will help you greatly to break that power.
Aaaaargh this sounds tough. I don't have a magic bullet or anything but I suppose you could reframe the move-out as something really special (because it is!) and so you want to honor it by being fully present in its important rituals soundtrack etc. I know it's hard but think of the "you" a year from now. Would you rather that you got drunk and maudlin and maybe said or did something stupid/sad/embarrassing in front of these people or made a really strong powerful and important memory about how this huge life change represented you tacking towards a new direction in your life?..Good luck man. Build some new rituals!
I've always found moving to be a good indicator of my life's priorities. There would be the things I kept and the things I threw away. There are the things I packed carefully and the things I just threw anywhere. There were the things I packed last (my music) and the things I unpacked first (my music). I still remember the first time I moved and found music had lost its priority in my life. I didn't even unpack my music for about a week. The point is my life changed and while it was kind of odd I really didn't miss my old ritual...Of course moving required effort which necessitated drinking as a reward (of course I drank everyday so I am not sure how that was any different). Today I acknowledge the change in my life as a new opportunity to grow and plan to stay sober for all of them. 
Bompson I've got 4 days under my belt and I just came back to my job today for the first time in a year. I get the difficulty of your transition today. I know its tough I feel you especially on leaving the artist's community and really - your way of life. There was a point for me where I made a decision that I had to stop pursuing music and find a path that was fulfilling intellectually and emotionally and financially. Granted I didn't get sober back then but if I had incorporated sobriety into my goodbye ritual as it were I can't see that it would have been any less meaningful. I guess what I'm trying to say is fuck the dragon. Choose life NOW.
