-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fa8m1/300_days_and_a_huge_victory_for_me/

I'm going to be brief because I could write a fricken novel depicting the stark contrast between my experience at this year's employee party and last year's.  My boss takes all of the employees on an all expenses paid trip at the end of the summer because he's awesome.  He covers dinner drinks hotel busses boats whatever we do on the employee party day he pays for...So last year I took full advantage of this fact and managed to blackout before we even got to the restaurant.  By the end of the night I had done all of my typical blackout drunk shenanigans.  I wandered off lost my shirt and shoes passed out on a bench somewhere insulted more than a few people and ignited the spark which would eventually fully engulf and destroy my relationship with an amazing girl.  I drove three hours the next morning after pounding three beers when I woke up so that I could make it to my first day of class.  This party scares me to death to think about...Yesterday was an entirely different story however.  I can even tell you about it because I remember every glorious-all -expenses-paid goddamn second of it.  We took a boat to the island and hit the first bar off of the boat for bloody mary's.  I grabbed a water with minimal inquisitive looks and questions (probably because it was 10AM).  We hit the beach for the better chunk of the day.  Two bigass coolers filled with beer liquor and wine sat next to the sandwich and water cooler.  I kept hydrated relaxed for the first time in months and had a blast hanging out with my coworkers.  We eventually wandered to the restaurant for dinner after hitting a few bars on the way back from the beach.  At this point people are starting to ask questions.  They want a repeat of last summer and are doing everything they can to get a drink in my hand.  I calmly deny them the satisfaction and maintain my own sanity by breaking from the group and hitting some shops and staring at the harbor for a while.  The biggest struggles occured at dinner.  People were straight plastered and I was the only one not drinking.  Bottle after bottle of champagne and wine circled our tables as everyone took turns leading cheers' and things started getting rowdy...I took it second by second for a few hours.  Every second I didn't lift that glass to my lips was a victory.  After a bunch of seconds passed I was rewarded with appetizers then again with the main course and finally desert.  I couldn't even think about drinking by the time coffee came out because I was bursting at the seams from gorging on delciously prepared and free of cost food...I started ignoring those who were beyond gone and got to talking to the owner.  Last year he found me passed out on that bench when he was taking a walk with his life.  It felt fucking awesome to be able to hold an intelligent conversation with this man and I was finally able to make a decent connection with him...The boatride back was beyond sketchy.  I felt trapped.  I felt scared.  I felt really really really uncomfortable.  I kept my eyes on the horizon and started thinking about what I had to get done when I finally made it back home so that I could get to bed at a decent hour....I FUCKING DID IT.  I feel awesome.  I promise I'll start posting and responding to posts more in the coming months.  This sub and AA have helped me transform my thinking and am excited to start helping others if I can.  ..Thanks for reading have a solid day and keep on keeping on.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! What a huge accomplishment! That is awesome.  Thanks for sharing.  Congrats on 10 months.
Way to go!
Dude AWESOME!  ..What a huge victory.  BTW congrats on the 300+ days.
This is a great post.  Congratulations on 300 days.
Bravo for 300 days! Thanks for your post. Hope we will hear more from you in the future. 
This is a huge accomplishment and great story! Congrats!
Fair play to you.  It can't have been easy but you did it.  
That is full circle before-and-after awesomeness. Congratulations!
Congratulations on 300 days and enjoying and remembering this year's employee party!
300 is pretty special. So is 304. 
You should be very PROUD of yourself.  With sobriety comes maturity pride and good CLEAN fun.  Well done you!  Keep going now... It only gets better!
Congrats! Plus really nice of your boss to take everyone out on an expenses paid trip. It's nice to have a job where all the coworkers get along and can do something like that.
[deleted]
u rawk!
Wow bad ass for sure congrats buddy
Wow I wish I have a boss like that an all inclusive holiday! But I never understand why others like to pressure drinks so much. It is sad and annoying. ..It is unfortunate you felt uncomfortable but were you able to enjoy it at all? I am so happy for you that you kept sober! Yay! You are so close to a full year I will do my best to reach that too. I just drank earlier today so I have a long way to go..
Amazing insight..I have my 1st party to attend tomorrow sober and I was not looking forward to it until I read your post. Thank you
Congrats on 300 and the inspiring story!
Whew.  That is a huge victory. Drinking events are bad enough when I have my keys in my pocket or can take a walk...but actually trapped on a boat with drunk people sounds like a special kind of hell...Glad you made it!
