-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2facmu/from_full_blown_alcoholic_to_moderate_drinker/

I apologize in advance if I breaking any rules here feel free to delete...I know there are several schools of thought when it comes to drug/alcohol addiction. But it seems that most agree that if someone has a drinking problem total abstinence is the only solution. But is this ALWAYS the case? I am not an alcoholic but my boyfriend is (or was depending on what your definition.) and he seems to be doing pretty well going from full blown alcoholic to moderate drinker...Bit of a back story on us. We both went to the same high school (we were just friends then). Its actually kind of ironic because he didn't want to get to close to me at the time because I got into drugs and alcohol early. He didn't and thought people who partied and did drugs all the time were uninteresting by the time he had his first drink I was already "over it." For me it was a rebellious teenage phase but by the time I got to the age where it was legal I realized how much I didn't even really like drinking (hate the taste of alcohol hate being dizzy hate hangovers) But he started drinking around 19 and fell in deep. By the time we started dating he was 24 and was a full blown bad off alcoholic like immediately fix whiskey for breakfast and drank throughout the day until he passed out alcoholic. He didn't have a job dropped out of college and was doing literally nothing with his life besides getting wasted and watching TV. ..He got a DUI in March of last year that's when I decided it was "done" and if he didn't clean up his act NOW that I was going to break up with him. So he changed for the most part. He didn't stop drinking entirely though. He got a job got promoted at said job got his license back refuses to drink and drive started a band writes records music and plays shows with said band. He went from non functioning to functioning. He still drinks though not every single day but more often than not. He only does it in the evenings though and he will only drink if he knows he won't need to drive anywhere...He claims he drinks now because "he enjoys winding down in the evening" as where before he drank because "he hated his worthless self his life and was trying to slowly kill himself" He doesn't hate himself anymore because he has a good job a girlfriend an apartment and a band. He doesn't feel worthless anymore and feels "not depressed for the first time in his life"..Some people tell me I am kidding myself and he WILL relapse back to his old self because alcohol is a disease and the only solution is to stop. ..Just wanted some more opinions...
----------immediate responses--------

eh... thats for him to decide
I have yet to hear of somebody who has gone from alcoholic drinking patterns back to moderation successfully in the long-term. Sorry. I also have to say that it doesn't sound like he's drinking "moderately" just not entirely disastrously at the moment. True moderate drinkers don't drink more days than they don't...I tried for years to moderate. I did manage get a few periods of a few months where the damage I did was less than what I usually did but I always wound up back to my old habits. Over the years things got steadily worse for me until I finally had to admit that I was an alcoholic and that abstinence was the only way forward for me...As another side note alcoholics are great at rationalizing their drinking. "I just like to wind down" or alternatively "I am just celebrating!" or "I'm bored" or "I'm depressed" or whatever other possible excuse there is. We always had a reason to drink.
&gt;Some people tell me I am kidding myself and he WILL relapse back to his old self ..You have some very insightful friends...
Always? Maybe not.  BUT..NO ONE I KNOW and I know lots plus have heard thousands in AA meetings  - no one was able to maintain moderation on the long haul..Sometimes other addictive / consuming behaviors gambling law school starting a business even Olympic training regimens could postpone things - but in the end  a couple became more. Occasionally became often and drinking became drunk
&gt; He went from non functioning to functioning. He still drinks though not every single day but more often than not....He claims he drinks now because "he enjoys winding down in the evening" as where before he drank because "he hated his worthless self his life and was trying to slowly kill himself"..That's the sort of thing I claimed too that I was just doing it to wind down and relax. You want opinions. My opinion: still an alcoholic. Being a little more "functional" doesn't change that.
The opinions you're going to get here are going to be pretty similar:  if your boyfriend was an alcoholic then he still is an alcoholic.  His drinking may not be as severe now but it will almost definitely progress at some point.  You may not even know when it does progress.  My ex was astonished when I told her where to look to get all the booze out of the house before I got home from the hospital...Look I don't know you and I don't know your boyfriend.  I do know alcoholism though and have personally cut back from severe to moderate drinking several times.  The "several times" part is the one that's important because I always ended up drinking heavily again.  Usually this was because I had convinced myself that my moderation had proven that I had a handle on my drinking so I could cut loose and get wasted every now and then.  Every now and then became every week and every week became every night which became all day every day.  That's the sick sad irony of an alcoholic trying to moderate.  I hear the same from other alcoholics at least once a week in AA.
&gt; From full blown alcoholic to "moderate drinker"..That has as much credibility as a virgin birth.
If I could drink in moderation I would do it everyday.
I've tried moderation lasts a few weeks and then I wake up surrounded by cans and bottles and I'm worse than before. I dunno maybe he's different but it always ends up the same way for me.
Keep in mind you're asking this question to a bunch of people many of whom have found persistent moderation impossible. What's the opposite of preaching to the choir? ..In this sub we've collectively known lots of alcoholic drinkers. For this group an alcoholic who has made the transition to moderation is a unicorn.  ..I took a 6-year nondrinking break and then resumed drinking by choice (it wasn't a relapse). Of course I thought I would be moderate but I quickly returned to form and it took me another 4 years to stop again. I'd love to have those years back...So keep in mind that when we talk about "moderation" we mean essentially forever. My experience is that sooner or later (that is sooner) moderate drinking builds on its own success. We start moderately drinking every day and oops I did it again--blackout. ..Hey how about having your BF spend some time on this sub? 
I'm glad he's doing well compared to before! Sounds like a big change and a good one...Just remember that alcohol is an addictive substance and if it's consumed regularly the natural path is to need to consume more and more to achieve the same level of "winding downness." If he's drinking multiple times a week he's not on a good path. He will be struggling to maintain his current level of drinking without increasing it at some point. ..Also about his current drinking habits I only drank in the evenings the entire time I was addicted. I've had a career that I've been succeeding at along but that didn't make the drinking less unhealthy. Being a highly functional addict may be much better than having a life in shambles and being an addict...but it's still not good. ..Anyway good luck! I hope it all works out.
This is how it was explained to me - once the cucumber turns into a pickle there's no going back to being a cucumber...That certainly was the case for myself.  If your boyfriend is frequently thinking about drinking making plans to drink or how he will drink thinks about his next drink or several drinks while enjoying a drink etc. it's been my experience that the only way to effectively manage drinking is to not drink all together...Speaking for myself I can't imagine living life again where I was constantly consumed by drinking in the future (when I wasn't in the worst throes of a hangover) the despair cravings etc..  That was not living...My opinion: if your boyfriend is a pickle he's always going to be a pickle.  Living life fighting/trying to control not being a pickle is no way to live and a pretty miserable existence.
What do you think moderate drinking is? That doesn't sound like moderate drinking to me. I mean how much is he drinking?..I'm assuming you are concerned about his drinking if you are posting here. Is that what is going on?
Not Drinking at all ever = High level of self control...Having A SINGLE  drink with friends over dinner once a month = Ultimate Self control ?
