-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fbgyp/over_the_weekend_something_broke_me_inside_im_on/

I'm a husband to an amazing woman of 10 years and dad to two little girls.  I've been in the habit of drinking fairly heavily almost every night for the past five years.  I stopped during wife's pregnancies because I wouldn't be caught drunk and her have a pregnancy emergency.  But once the babies were a couple months old I'd start back slowly build back up.  ..Typically on long weekends spring break or a couple weeks during summer (she's a teacher) they'll go visit her folks a few hours away.  My job doesn't offer that flexibility but I wont' always work every day they're gone either.  That meant I'd drink heavily all day long and into the night.  ..I know the major health risks associated with heavy drinking.  In the back of my mind I knew I was likely hastening my death especially with heart disease in my family history.  But this past labor day weekend I watched a video that a little girl made commemorating the 1 year 5 year and 10 year anniversary of her dad's death in the terrorist attacks of 9/11.  For those who care to cry like a baby [here it is](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyLxuy4tPLs)...I don't know if that video is real or not.  But what was real was the emotional reaction it triggers inside me.  To hear this little girl so deeply miss her father who was forcibly taken from her.  To think that with each drink I was slowly killing *myself* increasing the chances this could my my little girl...  ..Anyway I've shared with a few close friends that will regularly ask me about it.  I've set up weekly automated emails calling myself to remain sober deconstructing my normal rationalizations for relapse along with a link to that video just in case I start to think it "wasn't *really* that bad."   ..In the long run I know I need to "do this for me" but right now doing this for them is my driving force. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are here.  I respect the affirmative steps you are taking.  Keep vigilant and keep your mind open.  Good luck my friend!
We're here to support you. Congrats on 2 days and keep it up!
Congrats! I really like your idea of automated emails. I'm going to steal that from you. Keep it up. You're going to have bad days but allows them to make you stronger drive your focus and stay healthy for your girls.
Good work in this post /u/The_Real_Baldero -- I apologize for being so late to your post.  I don't know if you have seen my newcomer "greeting" but this is what I did to stop drinking and get sober:..1. Every morning--at the very instant that my eyes open I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL. (I did this this morning.)..2. AA and AA meetings made a big difference for me and initially I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because as I said my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. I still go to meetings today...3. Tomorrow I do it all over again...Going to bed without any alcohol is a sober victory particularly over the first couple of weeks which properly should be the only goal. In other words DOGGED PERSISTENCE in not picking up is required...Posting and commenting on SD has helped me stay accountable...Finally the key for me is the principle: *that I act my way into better thinking not think my way into better acting.*..Good luck to you.
