-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fcs9i/a_week_ago_was_my_last_drink/

I have been struggling with drinking problems ever since I started University in 2009. But finally I have decided to clean up my act. Quit smoking. Quit drinking. Start a new studies. . .But a lot of socializing at colleges and college-aged people (I'm 23) is based on drinking.. .Any tips to deal with it? I don't want to become a hermit.
----------immediate responses--------

There are some people in college who don't drink (some younger some older).  There are also TONS of younger people in AA who don't drink.  I sobered up in college and spent time with both.  I literally never had to be alone if I didn't want to be and not once did I have to be around alcohol.
Welcome /u/learker to /r/stopdrinking -- since you're still pretty fresh I'll share my beginner steps which are the things I did to stop drinking and get sober:..1. Every morning--at the very instant that my eyes open I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. *No matter who I hang out with.*  When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL. (I did this this morning.)..2. AA and AA meetings made a big difference for me and initially I went to 90 meetings in 90 days at the outset because as I said my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. I still go to meetings today...3. Tomorrow I do it all over again...Going to bed without any alcohol is a sober victory particularly over the first couple of weeks which properly should be the only goal. In other words DOGGED PERSISTENCE in not picking up is required...Posting and commenting on SD has helped me stay accountable. ..Finally the key for me is the principle: that I act my way into better thinking not think my way into better acting...Good luck to you.
One thing I did was be open to my friends about being newly sober.  Not everyone I knew but people I feel close to and really like being around.  Its a pretty small and simple thing to ask for and if someone really likes you its not a big deal.  We have inevitably found ways to hang out that are not centered around alcohol (although at this point I don't care if people around me are drinking which makes me an excellent designated driver).  Groups that are involved in any kind of physical activity are good too.  And in the beginning when it still felt super weird to be sober I always had my beverages planned out so I went into the situation knowing what I would be drinking that evening.  Don't be too hard on yourself in the beginning.  You're making an adjustment in the way you think about socializing and that can take some getting used to.  Your brain will eventually adjust and it will just be normal after a while.
I have never been to an event where drinking was required. 
