-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fhl7r/need_some_advice_on_helping_a_friend/

I just got back to University so needless to say most of my school is pretty focused on drinking right now. I personally have struggled to keep my drinking under control and have on my old account come here for help before and you guys were great. I actually was able to cut back my drinking significantly and am much better with moderation. But this question is less about me and more about my buddy...I am not super close with this guy although he was pretty much the first person I met at the school. It became apparent to me this past week seeing him 4-5 days out of 7 that he has a drinking problem. He even readily admitted to me last night he is an alcoholic and usually has a beer in the morning just to get him going. There was drinking every day to excess and even giving me shit for the days I skipped drinking. ..Now don't get me wrong I was him so I understand. I had way more than a beer in the morning to get me going. I always tried to get others to drink with me so I wouldn't drink alone. I was much more of an asshole when I was drunk (especially considering he's a really nice guy drunk or sober too)...I am hesitant to talk to him right now just cause all the social pressure to drink around him I think he will be really resistant to hearing me out until the partying at school dies down. I want to help sooner rather than later I just want him to actually hear me out...Any tips on how to approach this sensitive situation with someone I'm not that close with would be great. I do think just saying "Yo man I know where your at how you feel..." would at least give him some comfort to know that he is not the only one and there is someone to talk to. I know I wish someone had told me that instead of doing it on my own. I just don't want to be off putting by trying to get him to quit when I know he is not experiencing the "rock bottom" or such bad side effects from the drinking that make a lot of people realize they need to quit. ...Thanks for hearing me out guys and feel free to ask any questions if I left something out.
----------immediate responses--------

Leave it alone lead by example and be receptive to his questions if and when the time comes.
[deleted]
Friend you can't give away what you don't got.
"Do you think you have a problem with alcohol?".."Do you want to stop drinking?"..If he answers yes to *both* questions there's your opening.  If the answer is 'no' to either then say nothing...Remember you do NOT 'know where he's at.'  So telling him that you have a solution to his problems is bullshit.  However a willingness to listen to him talk is more than most people will give to an active alcoholic.  Furthermore since you have not stopped drinking yourself if he does express a desire to stop completely it would be wise to refer him to someone who has experience with being abstinent for a length of time.
