-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fkad4/6_months/

Exactly 6 months ago was my 27th birthday and the last time I took a drink. I ran outta money and reached out for help. It was a relapse after a two month stint of sobriety...What changed? I dont know. It felt different this time. The memories of detoxing feeling sick looking sick. At about three weeks sober my step dad asked me "whats going to be different this time?" I said that I'm not going to AA anymore. And I havent since. I'm not gonna go into it anymore or spark a debate. If you've seen me post here or outside this sub when the topic comes up I definitely encourage people to try it out completely (get a sponsor work the steps go daily or multiple times a week). It works for so many people but ultimately it wasnt for me...About a month after I quit I started riding my new mountain bike that my grandmother bought for me. It has been amazing! I love it so much that I am now actively saving money to move away from dumpy ass Detroit to a city with actual mountains. In part because I went to school for geology and partly because I want to be somewhere with actual MOUNTAINS to mountain bike. Its going to be a challenege and I just climbed out of the red and now have money in the bank that is going untouched for the move...But that has honestly taken a back seat to another major passion of that I discovered in sobriety. Lifting. A lot of people here talk about running the way I feel about lifting. I get so excited in the gym my roommate said to me last night "I dont know how you get so amped up when we lift.". Its the chip on my shoulder. I know who I was and what I've been through. Yea maybe part of it is that I have something to prove but I love it. I was sooooooo happy the other day we were doing legs and this powerlifter was training in the rack next to us with his trainer. He was finished and helping his buddy do some squats next to us. I'm warming up and I hear this powerlifter point to me and say "Do it like that". We talked after and he said I had good form. I was like a schoolgirl talking to Bieber...And this ladies and gentlemen had finally led me to seek something we all have been looking for at one time or another in early sobriety. Sleep. I feel like all this physical exertion has finally resulted in my body needing sleep. I sleep like a log. I dont wake up at 6 and I am NOT a morning person. I woke up at 11 today after about 10 hours of sleep. This isnt every night but when I need sleep you bet your ass I can get sleep...To round out the edges. I got a better job (2 now) and I am finally completely financial independent with enough left over to save some. I still live like a bum but it makes me happy. My aquarium is beautiful and clean with 5 cute and happy Pea Puffers in it. My band is doing well and on this day 6 months to the day from my last drink we have a show downtown in the D. I wont make a new post cause its far from my first time performing sober but I'll try and remember to make a quick edit to this one when I get home...Thank you everyone! This sub has been fantastic. When my friend was threatening to hurt himself I made a post on suicidewatch and got zero responses and not even an upvote. I made a post here and got dozens of responses within minutes of posting. I was sober at midnight to stop my friend from hurting himself and I'm still there for him. He seems to be doing better but I dont think the situation with his wife has improved...To the new people - Try it out. AA or no AA. Do it before you lose everything like I did. I was as bad as they come and only at 27...Thanks again!..Edit: Well folks probably wont see it. But my power went out last night so I had to get ready for my show in the dark. My roommate came along because with no power he had nothing to do. Show went okay. We went on about 1 last band for the night after the headliner. We played extremely well but the crowd was kinda barren at that point. Come to find out there was a fight on the other side of the bar mid set. The female singer of the headliner got sucker punched. We had absolutely no idea this was going on. Got home and taco bell had power so me and my roommate got some woke up and its still out. I hope it gets back on soon otherwise ill have to make plans to move my aquarium.
----------immediate responses--------

What a nice update congratulations /u/WonTonBurritoMeals -- I wish you many more SOBER days.
Your post makes me so happy wonton!!!! 6 months! And to see how far you have come in that time. Wow just wow. In or out of the rooms doesn't matter...the promises are coming true for you because you are working for them. ..Keep em coming my friend!
Congratulations on everything sounds like you're getting on track and discovering new things about yourself and all that good stuff. I always  enjoy reading your posts &amp; comments I'm glad you're here!
Great update!  It's amazing to see how your life has changed for the better.  Keep doing what you're doing!.I share your passion of mountain biking.  I actually used to ride Pontiac lake when I was younger but now live on the west (I moved out for the biking).  ..
Congrats to you...Lifting is so crucial to me and my recovery. It not only makes me feel good I can actually see myself starting to look more muscular. When I was in Iraq with the Army I couldn't drink so I worked out everyday and I was really happy about myself back then super confident and full of energy. I know I can feel that way again without booze but I need to add lifting. I've also found it to be a good way to meet sober people.
Congratson 6 months! We are in similar situations I am trying to get out of Metro Detroit as well and to somewhere where I can be more active outdoors and it doesn't get down to -7 in the winter. I'm 26 and lifting has always been a major outlet for me so I can relate there too. Keep up the great work!
Congrats on six months! ..There's a really inspiring and beautiful energy in your post. I'm happy you've found the recovery path that works for you!
