-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fks9k/my_first_aa_meeting/

I found the opportunity this afternoon to go to my first AA meeting and it was interesting. Im sure each group is different all over the world but this was a very somber group. I felt depressed when I left. Everyone who spoke talked about how they don't have control and how God was the only one who could save them. While I think its fantastic that people find inspiration from outside sources I wanted to stand up and say "I understand that you and everyone here has a problem with alcohol but you are here now! You are the one who brought yourself to this meeting you are the one who decided to make a change and you are the one who has to struggle to stay sober! You took control of yourself when you realized that you had enough of living perpetually drunk and/or hungover!" ..I sat back and listened to everyone speak about how they were once in the deep recesses of alcohol yet they managed to find the strength courage and inspiration to pull themselves out of it. I am happy for and inspired by each person who spoke but the tone in which everyone dismissed their own will power and how they were only able to accomplish this because of God made me feel sad. ..Im not here to dispute or discuss the existence of something greater than what we know and Im not here to diminish their beliefs in a higher power. Instead Im just stating that everyone who spoke in the room today had dismissed their own strengths and didnt take credit for their own accomplishments. ..I hope Im not offending anyone with this post because many people here have found lots of support in AA. I also hope that my first meeting was just an isolated instance of the overall tone for these meetings. I would like to go back to some sort of support group but I dont think it will be this one. ..Has anyone else experience anything similar? Should I "shop around" for the group that feels good for me?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Should I "shop around" for the group that feels good for me?..Yes you should.  Going to one AA meeting is basically meaningless from a recovery standpoint.  Alcoholics are amazing at making quick judgments on things they know very little about and on which they have even less experience...&gt;Im just stating that everyone who spoke in the room today had dismissed their own strengths and didnt take credit for their own accomplishments...I am afraid you completely missed the point.  More meetings might help or then again maybe they won't.  That is for you to figure out. ..Good luck.
Shop around? YES!!..I'm bummed it wasn't a more positive experience for you. Honestly if that were my first meeting I would be discouraged to go forward WAY back then there was no Reddit I didn't have any of the awesome help and support that is available here no one to ask "is this typical for what I can expect?"  Question and I hope I do not offend anyone do you think that the time of day was a factor? I'm being presumptuous but mid afternoon more common to run into people who are unemployed and have issues surrounding that? Just curious. I haven't worked since January but prefer either early morning or between 6&amp; 8 PM...I can see being discouraged in a room full of "Debbie Downers".  I like leaving a meeting pumped. As far as shopping around...absolutely! It's been said many times "if you haven't been to a meeting you loathe you haven't been to enough meetings." My persistence paid off before my current and longest stretch of sobriety in the 10 years leading up to it I went to 1000 meetings' I would not give up....or throw in the towel.  I hope you won't either!
All meetings are at least slightly different some vastly so.  Some meetings have a couple of mentions of "Higher Power" and that's it...
&gt; I hope Im not offending anyone with this post..Absolutely not...&gt; Should I "shop around" for the group that feels good for me?..MOST DEFINITELY!..I get some benefit from those somber groups occasionally but I like the groups that can laugh at some of the truly tragic things we've done in life.  Those groups are out there and they have helped me tremendously!
Shop around.  I've been to one or two moribund meetings in my life.  My home group is by contrast a raucous and often hilarious meeting.  In fact my sponsoree just turned it over to a new secretary after a year's service and we sat together last night chuckling through most of it.  I used to go to a men's only meeting packed with oldtimers who would come through the door giving one another the finger.  It antic in a Monty Python sort of way; and yet these are incredibly loyal and caring members of AA.  So shop around and find your favorite meetings.
During my first week I went to  AA and SMART.  I prefer SMART because I get more out of the meetings.  ..But I did go to regular AA and agnostic AA meetings.  As you said try out few and see what works best for you.  Keep in my that group dynamics at each location is different...Good luck!..
Ok - I've been waiting to tell this story. I was raised Catholic I am a practicing catholic and you could call me fairly religious.  However from a very young age my father said many times God Helps those who helps themselves. (Pretty common saying).  He told the following story to many people to keep things straight - I will condense it.   ..A preacher was walking along the road and saw a farmer.  He stopped by for a glass of water and noticed the beautiful farm.  Rolling pastures Healthy animals everything was spectacular.  So he started saying as most preachers do God sure has blessed you with a beautiful farm Look at those beautiful pastures and the animals he has provided.  As the preacher continued on the Farmer became more and more agitated after a bit he said  I understand that God has blessed me with a bountiful property and he is the creator of everything but you should of seen this place when he had it all to him self.  It is obvious why he told this to people it frustrates practicing Christians to watch people wait for something.  I hear people say but God provides for the birds and animals etc.  But the bird's get up in the morning and go do something..I look at it as a creator provides you opportunities its up to you to take advantage of them. You deserve credit to - this is a partnership.  Ok off my soapbox....Regarding the AA meeting yes shop around I am going out to a dinner tonight with the folks I met.  During the meeting they were respectful but they were laughing telling jokes and seemed to be a whole lot of fun to hang out with.  They invited me out to dinner.  As they said it is a recovery meeting but we discuss everything its not actually part of AA but they like to get together on Friday and hang out
Congrats on 4 days!  ..This is **my personal take** on the concept of dismissing your will power and giving credit to a higher power: most people have tried and failed to quit using their own willpower over and over. In fact I'd say that practically defines addiction on the whole that you *can't* quit of your own willpower.   ..I give 100% credit to my higher power (which I choose to leave completely undefined) because if I relied on my own strength I know there will always be a point at which I'll be low on strength sapped of will. What then??    ..The times I get low on strength/resources/willpower: when something really bad happens. When something unfair happens to me. When I get really really stressed at work. And the worst time: sometimes for no reason at all.  ..The closest I've come to relapsing in almost 3 years was after a very stressful week at work and I came home and out of nowhere I *knew* how good a beer would feel and how it would help me relax. On top of that I started feeling sorry for myself that others "get to drink" and I don't. The one thing that helped the ONLY thing that stopped me from picking up a beer was this simple sentence I learned at AA: everything will be ok as long as you don't rely on your own willpower to stay away from the first drink.  ..So instead I surrendered completely to the moment to that I Don't Know What that I call my higher power. I relied on that complete and unfathomable "blank". I surrendered. I did not rely on myself. I didn't drink.  ..I got out of that hole pretty quickly but if I left it up to me? I would have had a beer and said 'fuck it'. Everything in *me* wanted to do that.   ..Maybe that sounds illogical to you and you think that *really* it was my own strength I relied on but after it's worked so well and so simply for me for almost 3 years when before that nothing worked for me (longer than a month) I'm going to continue living by this concept.   ..And ps - I'm not sad about it!!  It's actually a pretty liberating way to live. :)  ..Good luck to you!!
As is customary we always have a first step meeting when someone is at their first meeting of the AA..Not always fun not always a very good "recruitment" tool. Sometimes I think ' if this were MY first meeting would I come back?..Recommend another meeting another group. Definitely shop around...
I had nine months of sobriety last year and tried a few AA meetings. For me it wasn't that they were overly religious - rather 'ritualistic'. Hold hands say this do that. The content changed at every meeting but the rituals stayed the same. And they weren't for me. The one thing I did like was that I was never expected to share. I have huge anxiety about talking in groups. I've been in therapy groups where everyone is expected to share and I would get so worked up about what I was going to say that I would just spend my entire time bawling. ..Yes look for the right group/individual/plan for you. I know I'm only recently back on the proverbial wagon but I know there are a lot of options and I'm sure one of them will jive. 
I had a similiar feeling when I first started in A.A. and a lot of people speak of at first not being willing to accept "this God thing" they call it. ..I would keep going to groups though if I were you as it is a great means of support. There are even Athiest AA groups believe it or not. The same meeting on a different day might have a tone you don't like and when you go again it'll be totally different. I've been working the steps and it has really helped me in recovery I'm not sure I'd get by without it. ..It says in the book at this power greater than yourself can be as simply defined as a room full of alcoholics that show up to support eachother. That room full of alcoholics is a power greater than you so that could be your higher power. ..Of course the steps layed out in the book are simply a suggestion. Showing up to a meeting and sharing with someone what has kept you sober today or soaking in what others have to say is not a wrong way to do this thing. ..There are all kinds of meetings out there. If you have a smart phone there is an app called "OneHealth Meetingfinder" and you can put in your zipcode and it will search for meetings in your area and give you a list of all the meetings that day. It also has a place to set your sobriety date and has daily meditations. I really suggest this app. ..If you are young there are young people's meetings. And there are also meetings sometimes at 10 oclock at night. Definitely shop around. There are so many alcoholics out there and I'm sure there are some at meetings in your area that you can relate to! Good luck and congratulations on being sober today. ...***EDIT ..As an antidote the first meeting I ever went to was a real clunker. I mean I'm a hot 25 year old female and the whole meeting was old geezer guys all had a lot of years and I just didn't see anything I had in common with them. Surprisingly I went to another meeting. One guy that was there was like "Make sure to attend your people's meetings there is a lot of diversity in A.A." I took that suggestion and I found people more my speed and its worked out so far. ..Remember how you feel right now as this is a part of your story. Another thing to remember when you're in a real clunker of a meeting is to listen to what you have in common with the people speaking not so much what is different. If they want to hand off credit for their sobriety to a Genie on a magic carpet or whatever let them. 
All I can say is this: I've been to a total of three meetings. They were as different from each other they could possibly be. The first one was nice enough and I felt really welcome (I was in a dark place). The second one was horrible. A revival meeting filled with broken middle class women overly jacked up on spirituality. If that would have been my first i would have had serious doubts. The third one in contrast was amazing and convinced me that this is something I want to do. I like they say want what does guys have.
Gdizzle419 - Glad to see you tried it and well done on being sober for almost a week! Great isn't it?..I still haven't ventured to an AA meeting not in the slightest religious either and haven't found that I really needed it yet not that I haven't ruled it out if I need that group support in the future...Shop around. I went to an online SMART recovery meeting which was interesting and I took something from it and found it positive (Learned about H.A.L.T) It's just about finding what works for you...This week I've personally found reading this sub helpful reading other peoples stories &amp; opinions has kept me focussed...Also reading books (Most recent - 'A sober year - daily musings on an alcohol free life' by Meredith Bell. Light insightful and some powerful daily thoughts/reflections to keep you reminded and informed)..All the best... keep us updated with how you do :)
