-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fly40/does_this_constitute_a_badge_reset/

i really hope not...went for teppanyaki (japanese steak house) dinner tonight.  one of their gimmicks is to shoot saki out of a squirt bottle into willing participants' mouths for as long as they can drink it.  they switch to a water bottle for the kiddos so they can join in too.  i passed on my original turn no problem.  another gimmick is they flip food off the spatula at you to catch in your mouth.  everyone missed theirs but i was last and caught mine on my turn.  to celebrate the cook whipped out the saki bottle to shoot me a stream.  i reacted instinctively and opened wide.  i turned my head when i realized what was happening and got doused in saki but swallowed what got in my mouth.  i didn't drink anything else so i don't consider this a relapse or see the need for a badge reset but oh the irony - i try to quit drinking and someone LITERALLY pours booze down my throat??  i mean come on!
----------immediate responses--------

The badge means whatever you want it to mean. I wouldn't reset for that though personally.
Saki face makes me want to make saki puns. I'm white knuckling the urge...
Not a reset. I'm always afraid I'm going to unintentionally drink alcohol so I stay alert about what I'm drinking and what I'm doing. I would reset my badge if I had made a conscious decision to end my sobriety. ..And a word about people shoving alcohol down your throat...it won't be the last time. Unless you surround yourself with people who know you are absolutely not drinking there's always a chance for someone to offer a drink and maybe more than once. I would say a majority of the people you will be around in public either won't care you have a problem or will refuse to acknowledge your problem in fear of self examination. If you have a problem then they might too and that just won't sit well with some people. At that point the game will be to get you to drink so that they can feel comfortable drinking. ..Stay strong and don't go back to that place. If you do and it happeneds again ill hunt you down and reset your badge! 
I was served a jack and coke that I thought was only coke. I was with friends and in a crowded restaurant and didn't want to spit it out. I swallowed the initial sip and returned the drink for a virgin one. I'm not counting that because I still made a choice to not drink anymore than that sip. I actually could have just kept the drink and not told anyone but in my mind I did the right thing. So I think you're in the clear you didn't use an excuse to have a taste of the old life and that is powerful. Good work! 
You accidentally drank alcohol and then you DIDN'T drink anymore? Just my opinion I'd add that as an additional day sober 
Eh honest mistake I wouldn't reset over it. 
[deleted]
Places that squirt alcohol into the mouths of people that don't explicitly ask for it are pretty fucking irresponsible. But I concur with the others regarding a reset.
No...Early on in my sobriety someone moved my glass of sparkling juice and I accidentally tipped a couple of ounces of Prosecco into my mouth. I very politely excused myself and went to the bathroom where I spit it out but not before swallowing about an ounce...Everyone in my IOP and home discussion group agreed this is akin to ingesting the wrong cough syrup. My intent was not to drink. And I took action to avoid "drinking" and my ingestion was purely accidental. ..Not a reset :)
This is the most absurd story.  I wouldn't reset.
Your badge is your own but I would not personally reset it. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
They squirt fluids and fling food at people at those places? What the fuck. 
