-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2flyxi/i_lasted_15_days_and_i_want_to_start_again_but_im/

I just graduated college and I decided to stop drinking after being inspired by a friend who managed to turn her entire life around in about a year sans alcohol. We both had/have pretty severe drinking problems and experienced a lot of trauma because of it. I guess thats why we found each other in this life. But even though I only managed to last about 16 days I learned a lot. I learned that I have a lot of emotional work to do. I have to learn how to deal with feelings like anxiety depression anger and sadness- the feelings that alcohol wouldn't let me feel. I learned that alcohol is fuuucckiiinngggg eevvverrryyyywwhhhhereeeeee. Getting away from it is so hard(I live in New York City). All my relationships have alcohol in them including the one with my sister and father. After I told them I wanted to be sober they were constantly checking in on me. I found that to be obnoxious and it added to the pressure not to drink. Also because I started drinking at 15 when my family started to experience various problems and a divorce. It started to feel like I was doing it more to prove to them than to myself when they were still drinking. It's so hard for me to see alcohol and resist the urge to drink it. Especially when I spent so much time in bed and sleeping to avoid having to confront my cravings to drink. ..So I relapsed after 15 days because It was hard for me to deal with all of it. Even though I remember being really grateful to be able to feel the pleasure in simple things. It was really beautiful. Life slowed down and I could enjoy it. My head was quieter. It was the longest I had gone with out drinking since I was probably 17. But my triggers are feelings like boredom loneliness depression anxiety my family my friends my boyfriend and literally just seeing alcohol or some one drink it. All of these things were so pervasive during those 15 days...I want to go to an AA meeting and meet sober friends but I'm nervous I won't relate to any one there. And if I get a sponsor that I will continually let them down.
----------immediate responses--------

It took a year sober for your friend to turn her life around and you couldn't do the same in 15 days? I'm not surprised. Your triggers are boredom loneliness family ( opposite of lonely ) boyfriend ( opposite of lonely ) seeing alcohol and people drink it. Ok great me too! So why have I remained sober for so long. I had a plan...Always have a non-alcoholic drink in your hand and stay away from the triggers that you can control. And most importantly trust in time meaning don't expect that your addiction to alcohol will change in 15 days or 90 or 250 but DO expect that YOU will change with time. ..I know it sucks in the beginning. I probably spent a month in bed myself. But I knew that what I was doing was right. I knew that I had to go through shit to get out of the shit that I put myself in. If you're in a hole you're going to get dirty trying to get out. Don't just sit in that hole. Dig yourself out fill the hole in and then build up a hill and shout from the top "I'm staying up here and I'm never going back!"
Have you talked to your friend? I guarantee she went through all the things you mentioned (or at least her own versions of them) and more when she made the positive changes in her own life. Maybe she could provide some more insight (not the least of which is that I'm sure it wasn't all puppies and rainbows for her either. Nearly anyone with any kind of sober time can string together a pretty daunting list of hurdles they had to overcome to get and stay sober.)
AA in NYC is pretty freaking excellent. Like the city itself it is incredibly diverse full of people with every imaginable experience. There are meetings full of young people. I strongly encourage you to check it out and I'm more than happy to recommend meetings if you wish though I've only been to a fraction of what's out there. There's like a zillion. ..Don't worry about the "letting down a sponsor" thing. It's hard to explain how the whole thing works but there's really no need to stress that. Don't even worry about getting a sponsor at all just get in the door and say hello. What borough are you in? 
Alcohol is fucking everywhere...but so is chocolate...and peanuts...and gluten...and while it is difficult with help and dedication people have figured out how to avoid those allergies too.  ..You can do it. 15 days is a damn long time for an alcoholic.  You've proved to yourself that you can make it through the toughest 2 weeks.  So....Decide on a plan of action and start again.  You can do it. We're here to help.  
