-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fmwac/struggling_to_stay_sober/

Been a lurker here for few years but finally created an account to post. In the last 2 months I have drank everyday and it is usually 6-10 beers. Just having 1 or 2 drinks is not an option for me. I don't even know when I first started drinking but I always drank till I passed out. I woke up at 4 this morning and felt guilty. I have been lucky with family work and finances but I don't want to depend on luck forever. I'm in my mid thirties and had a great plan for myself and still do but instead of learning new skills that will make me valuable I'm drinking. Today is the day. I'm not drinking and start learning new skills and start working on my dreams and goals...Just needed to get this off my chest!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Way to go!  It sounds like you've decided you are ready to try something different.  We're here for you.  What is your plan?  
Welcome to the club!..This is a great place to start. I only created an account 9 days ago and coming here has been a real game changer for me on my quest to finally put the bottle down. Really. ..Good luck and I wish you the very best!
Hey man. So there are lots of options depending on where you are at in all of this. ..I don't expect you are going to experience much of anything related to withdrawals here other than challenges falling asleep. And you need to feel positive about these changes and stay busy and feel good...So here is my prescription: Go jogging or bicycling. I'm very very serious. If you must go for a walk try to jog as far as you can first. If you've been doing some form of serious cardio exercise multiply it by 3 (3x). Take your time. Do this...Don't make any excuses. This is critically important to helping you reach that goal. Think of this like a magic bullet. It will keep you busy and keep you from thinking about all of this and go to a negative place...I've watched about 50 or 60 folks come thru my IOP program and there are several variables that predict failure and exercise is a big one. 
If you have any trouble with withdrawal symptoms don't hesitate to contact a doctor. Be well!
Welcome /u/Hushim to /r/stopdrinking -- if you been lurking you probably have seen [Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/stuffcrosbysays/comments/2fn2wx/the_baby_steps_to_stopping_drinking_and_staying/) to stopping drinking and getting sober.  Make a decision not to drink TODAY! And jump right in to the pool with the rest of the SD sobernauts.
Thanks all. This is the support I was looking for. My plan is to join a gym and actually go there few times a week. I plan on taking some classes at the local community college maybe learn programming or some foreign language. I may have to seek counseling since I have a habit of drinking a lot. This has been going on for more than 5 yrs but the last few months have been the worst. Something happened last night that I'm not proud of but there was no harm so it's like getting a second chance and have no intention of screwing it this time.
Welcome get a badge in the sidebar (it continues to be a great motivator for me!) and stick around for a while. :) 
Good for you! We're glad you're here. I too feel lucky I found this sub before anything really bad happened in my life. There are so many good resources here and reading other's posts is inspiring. .My advice: Don't focus on what you CAN'T have. Instead focus on all of the things you can now do with your time and money. 
Welcome. I am you. Mid 30's 6-10 beers no catastrophic alcohol related issues. We are the "lucky ones" I guess...Trust me when I tell you life is so much better off the bottle. You can do this. As others have said set a badge. Believe it or not the looming guilt of a reset (I've had a few in the past...) keeps me clean. It's a small measure of accountability but actually helps...Stay strong!
This sounds a fair bit like me as well it was recently my 32nd birthday and I tried to stop after that but had two or three night of heavy drinking again. I also can't just have 1 or 2. I also want to start learning new skills so I can get further in my career instead of stagnating...I decided to stop yesterday my last drink was on Wednesday. I was going to go out last night but decided not to. I spent last night watching some series and just relaxing. Today I have spent my day playing minecraft because I just need something to distract me. I am busy trying to decide what else to do now because I have been playing for around 12 hours so far today...Good luck I hope you succeed.
Good for you for making the decision to not drink today! Like you I am in my mid-thirties and have been drinking heavily for about 18 years. I also was a lurker on this sub just reading everyone's stories and testing the waters to see if this was the right choice for me. Just like /u/bandit201 said "coming here has been a real game changer for me on my quest to finally put the bottle down." I agree fully with this! ..Also /u/coolcrosby has amazing advice "Make a decision not to drink TODAY!" This for me has kept me going. In the past I have always been fearful of a sober life a life of admitting I can't drink anymore a dread of going the rest of my life with a tag or label attached to me. This couldnt be further from the truth. For me I don't think about what the rest of my life will be like instead I just think about TODAY! "I am not going to drink TODAY no matter what life throws at me." I dont worry about tomorrow the next day next month or 10 years from now. Im just concerned with today. This took a huge weight off of me in terms of making progress. Another bit of advice from /u/coolcrosby was that going to bed sober is a huge victory. I really felt that last night when I was laying in bed ready to fall asleep. I was happy to be sober and felt a strong sense of accomplishment. I would not have felt that way if I had not listened to this sage advice. ..I am very new to being sober in fact this is the first weekend that I have been sober in well over 18+ years. However today I feel so much better than I did a week ago a month ago and especially a year ago. ..Im going out to dinner tonight with my wife and I am really looking forward to enjoying a sober evening with her. Something that I don't think she has ever seen me do. ..Lastly /u/justsmurf is right on about getting a badge it has been a grounding point for me. Its a good feeling to wake up in the morning read some posts make some comments and see the badge has ticked another day. ..Good luck in your journey!
It sounds like you really want it. Just remember what sobriety means to you when a bedeviling thought creeps in. 
Hang in there! What you're deciding to do takes a lot of guts!  This decision will change the rest of your life for the better.  Keep your reasons for change fresh in your mind in the early days.  Set attainable goals and reward yourself when you reach them.  Celebrating may seem odd at first but sweets can be a great way to reward victories no matter how small...Pulling for you!
"One is too many and a thousand is never enough"..Welcome!
Welcome!  This is a good place to be :)
Wow... I had a great day without alcohol yesterday. My 6 yr old always wanted to go to IHOP for breakfast because her friends in school told her that they have lots of pancakes I never took her there instead we used to go somewhere for lunch on Saturdays somewhere that sold alcohol so that I can have a beer or two with lunch. Finally we made it to IHOP yesterday and she was glowing the same way I was glowing the day she was born. It was priceless! We had a great time. I listened to her stories about her friends and school and actually remember what she said...Usually I used to spend Saturdays and Sundays watching football and drinking not yesterday and not anymore. Still will watch the Niners with family. I know this is just the beginning and there will be more temptations esp. living so close to the wine country and being someone who enjoys the art of winemaking and tasting but I'm taking it 1 baby step at a time. No more passing out on the floor.
