-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2frxy9/i_want_my_life_back/

I have been a pretty heavy drinker for well over a decade. I've tried to stop several times but I always go back around day 5. Not this time. Alcohol has robbed me of everything. I want my life back. I have planned for this to be the day. I've been to the doc and was prescribed a couple meds to get me through the physical and mental struggle that I know are coming. I haven't made up my mind about AA or any other support group. I'm not a very social person and the thought of going kind of freaks me out. ..So here I go at day one. Any thoughts or advice would be great. This sub seems like a great place to vent and learn and get encouragement and support. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
[deleted]
Good on ya!  Make sure to take care of yourself during this initial time.  Good food good sleep when it comes and good people.  ..Support groups help so does counseling.  This sub is awesome for the rest of the time.  ..As the AA guys say just keep coming back.  We're here for you.
Sounds like you took my approach. I went on an anti-depressant and got anatabuse for the weekends. ..I did go to about 5-6 AA meetings and plan to visit periodically when I am starting to feel the thoughts of drinking sneak into my brain. Keep yourself busy and I mean work yourself to sleep every night the exercise will be great for you and help your body recover to pre-poison days. ..After the first 2 weekends you will forget why you drank in the first place.
Hello and welcome!  It was wise to go to a doctor for help. Medication makes it easier and safer to detox and chances are greater you will stay stopped. AA really helped me as did a therapist. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable talking one-on-one although you don't have to share anything in AA if you don't want to do so. Keep us updated. Glad you are here.
Welcome.  This is a great sub with loads of support when you need it.  I am only on the start of week 3 but the changes have been amazing.  All the best over your first (worse) week.
