-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fu6fu/fucked_up_again/

I don't know how to start this even. I can't seem to make more than a few weeks sober before I do something stupid. I always find an excuse to blow off meetings and white knuckling it clearly is not working for me. I fucked up pretty big time last night and here I am today paying for it...I decided it'd be wise to get a few beers last night got drunk. Made a dumb drunken mistake took some drugs. Woke up this morning hung over and still high uncoordinated and all that. Realized I would've been a danger to myself and others at work so I called out. I know this was the responsible thing to do as I probably would've been sent home or worse had I shown up. But this can't happen again. I can't risk losing a job because I want to feel different because I want to have a good time. I need to take this seriously before I get fired before I get kicked out of my house...Which brings me to the point I guess. White knuckling it isn't working. I can make it to three or so consecutive meetings before I find an excuse and don't go back then the cycle repeats itself. I relapse go to a meeting or two then stop going. If I continue with this cycle I'm bound to be fucked in every way. My method isn't working. How did you guys do it in the beginning? How did you force yourself to become accountable and stick with your guns per se?..I know I want to keep my job more than I want to get high and that's a good start. But I'm scared this is going to happen again. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in the exact same boat. I don't want to lose a job I love over getting fucked up. I think it will take getting some sober time under out belts before this gets any easier. I've tried it on my own many times unsuccessfully I'm going to meetings this week. Just go no matter how bad we don't want to. I don't think anything bad can come from hitting a meeting.
For many going to 90 meetings in 90 days works; it gets you into the habit of going and increases your chances that you will attend regularly in the future...From the sounds of your post something about going to lots of meetings in a row doesn't work for you.  I would recommend:..- at least come up with a plan - i.e. "I don't have to go everyday.  However I will go to 4 this week."  ..- find ones you do like.  This requires going to a number of them as some can be downright bad to mediocre.  ..Finally this will sound harsh: Q: "How do you stay accountable?" A: "Be accountable."..Hang in there and good luck.
Are YOU ready to quit or do you think you HAVE to? That was the difference for me. The first time I quit I did it for the wrong reasons and while I didn't attend meetings I know my reaction would have been the same as yours...Once I accepted the fact that I cannot drink again everything else came easier. No way could I do the 90 in 90 thing though. I go every Thursday and an occasional Saturday morning. I have this sub to come to and I have phone numbers that I can use if I need to
The Alan Carr book helped me quit. There is a link on the sidebar. 
[deleted]
