-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fu9ft/replacing_your_drinking_identity_with_a_sober/

I was sober from March 2013 until January 2014. Almost a year. I had done all that I was supposed to do and yet it left me feeling empty. I got sober I was a manager at a local chocolate shop and my new addiction was the gym. I started reading self help books and I decided that I wanted to be a "good person". So I dedicated my time to helping others. Always being available to help someone move taking extra shifts from people who needed me to and everyone liked and respected me. This was new to me. I had spent the last 5 or 6 years being a liar and a drunk with a wicked taste for cocaine. I had also been celibate for the entirety of my first stint of sobriety and I was ok with that. But it was lonely. I was a singer in a band and all of my friends were still drinkers. I was still going out to the bar almost every night without drinking because I didn't know how else to be a musician in my mid-20's. I didn't know how to meet men and I was just getting lonelier. I began to accept the fact that if I were to date someone they would have to be a drinker and I would just have to be ok with that. And that seemed easy enough at the time because I spent all my time at the bar sober anyway. I finally decided to make a move on a guy I had a big crush on for a long time. He reciprocated but he told me that we couldn't be anything more than just friends with benefits because he had just went through a bad break up and he wasn't ready. I said I was ok with that after all I was Mrs. fucking nice girl and I wasn't about to say no. So we began sleeping together. Looking back I knew I did it because I thought to myself "He'll come around." We didn't sleep together too many times because I finally muscled up the courage to tell him I wasn't going to sleep with him anymore because I had more respect for myself than that but I would still like to be friends and see what happens. He immediately stopped calling me. He and I spent a fair amount of time together yet suddenly he was always busy and even stopped inviting me to the get together bbq's he would throw for all of our friends. I think that set me off. I went from genuinely feeling like Mary Poppins to Captain FUCK ALL Y'ALL. Two weeks later I went to the bar down the road with one gal pal where I knew none of our friends would be and ordered a club soda. We were there to try and talk to guys...I used to be so good at talking to guys. ..I sat there unable to make eye contact let alone small talk with anyone. My friend went out for a smoke I called over the bartender and asked for him to quickly pour me a shot of vodka. He laughed and did as I asked. I poured it into my glass of club soda and almost threw the shot glass back at him with a $10 and told him to keep the change and shot him a wink. He knew what happened there but it seemed funny to him. And that was it. But because I used to have such a huge lying problem in my sobriety I trained myself out of this habit to a point where I have a really really hard time lying now because it sets off an anxiety in me like no other. So as soon as my friend came back in I spat out "I PUT A SHOT OF VODKA IN MY DRINK." She seemed concerned but I assured her that I had a handle on things you know because I was sober for almost a year and CLEARLY I am a fucking expert on this shit now. I also told her that it was a one night thing and that she had nothing to worry about. I truly believed that shit. All of it. ..Next thing I knew two weeks had passed and I had been secretly drinking. Just getting a little tipsy with a few pals a couple nights each week. But then I was back at my old shenanigans again and got a little too wasto one night and was too hungover for work. This was unlike me. (Well this was very much like old me but not "new" me.) I ended up losing my job. That's when I knew I had to get back on track. My friend who I had been having secret drinking parties with decided that in order to help me clean up my act that he would quit drinking for a little while to show support (I would like to add that he is now 8 months sober 8 months cigarette free and the love of my life) ..So I was able to jump right back on the sober train and I've been sober from then on. I learned from him that I didn't have to identify myself as being a "sober person" and that's probably why it didn't work out so well for me in the first place. For the few months after I got sober again I was crass and selfish. I had forgotten who I was because I was trying to be someone I was not. I simply cannot drink. That doesn't mean I needed to be the goddamned fairy godmother of all those who crossed my path. During my first year of sobriety I spent it taking care of other people and trying to be a chick Jesus or something and it backfired once I realized that most people are shitheads and will take advantage of you. So in my relapse I learned that it was okay to be selfish sometimes. I have learned that I need to be a little selfish to take care of myself and to find out who I am. I now practice meditation (don't laugh it works) And I focus all my love and attention to only those who reach out for it...I now have to be a bit of a downer. For those of you who have read this far it means a lot. Thank you. So last week I moved back to Toronto after being away for 2 years. On Thursday night I decided the stress was too much and I made the decision to have a couple drinks. Well let's just say my tolerance is DOWN. I went to my old watering hole and people were happy to see me so naturally they offered me shots to celebrate. I thought I could handle it. Again. I thought this was no big deal and now that I have my shit together that everything would be fine. SPOILER ALERT - I WAS WRONG. And then of cooooourse I ran into an old and very important friend of mine who had stopped speaking to me because I was a turd to him when I was a heavy drinker. I have ran over in my head a million times what I planned to say to him if I ever saw him again. All very calm and collected mature things. Well there he was of course while I am half in the bag and I decide the best way to get my point across with him would be (Ron Burgundy voice) "HI. I AM MAD AT YOU. DID YOU KNOW THAT? DID YOU KNOW THAT I AM MAD?" Annnnnd now he thinks I haven't changed. And that hurts. I have spent the last few days crying feeling mortified. I felt like I fucked everything up. For the past 2 years I've been preparing myself for my grand return to Toronto and how I'd show everyone I tell ya! And then I fucked it all up over a little stress about finding a job mixed with a little too much fun. I'm feeling a little more like myself now. Realizing that I cannot change the past and trying to remind myself that his perception of me is wrong but that is out of my control. Everyone habitually tries to run from what hurts them. Trying to fix what I think everyone thinks about me will only cause me to do more things out of character trying to deny what has already happened. Extending my thoughts beyond that extends to things beyond my control and trying to control what lies beyond my control is frustrating and upsetting and a waste of my time. I guess it's time for me to let go. ..So here I am. I don't like me when I drink so I'm not going to do it. But this time I am not going to tell people I'm sober. I just don't drink. That's what works for me. I don't like to identify as sober. I don't drink. I don't kill people either but you don't hear me walking around calling myself a non-killer. To (EVER SO) loosely paraphrase Nietzche he said he didn't identify as an atheist because an atheist stands in opposition to a theist. And that he didn't want to take his identity from standing in opposition to something that meant nothing to him. And to identify as a non-drinker I am living my life in reaction to what it means to drink. I don't want to live my life in a reactionary state. Who cares about what I'm not doing? I want to focus on what I can do...I have accepted that I can't change the past I can't make people like me and I can't even really tell you what's going to happen in my future when it comes to my drinking. But I can tell you that in the past (almost) 2 years I've only had a handful of drinks and that's a lot more than most people I know can say for themselves. ..Thanks for reading. Clearly I needed to get that off my chest.  
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety is for you. Define it how you want. Live it how you want...&gt;I had done all that I was supposed to do and yet it left me feeling empty..What's going to be different this time?
Changing who or what I am has been a difficult task for me. I used to drink whiskey but as my wife says when I did "Instant Asshole." So I drank beer instead; it just took me a few more drinks to turn into an asshole...Unfortunately my life had become synonymous with alcohol so that's how I was defined. We weren't invited out anymore because of what I was like when tuned up. I don't want to be "that guy" so I'm trying really had to be more open humble forgiving. It ain't easy to change that's for sure
[deleted]
&gt;I don't like to identify as sober. I don't drink. I don't kill people either but you don't hear me walking around calling myself a non-killer...I like this very much.  Thank you for this.
&gt;trying to be a chick Jesus..I lolled. Jesus.
To my mind it seems like you are trying to do a large job with an inadequate set of tools.  Sort of like building a house with a swiss army knife it can be done - but.....I tried using my brain to fix me too but it was a rusty knife with broken blades  for me I needed a peer program mine was AA but it is no longer the only game in some towns  yeah I know I had all the same arguments and fought it this way and that but damn over time those assholes were right.  .It could help me and now decades later and enjoying an amazing life I realize I was my own worst enemy and that over thinking was what got me into most of the trouble....
I was tempted to make this grandiose Facebook post or whatever when I hit a year but I thought different as I really don't think this is something I care people to know or not.  I didn't like being the guy who was defined by alcohol and truly I felt that if I announce it to everyone then I am still being defined by it.. just as some goody goody or something.  Nowadays unless someone knew me before you would just think I don't drink (ok..maybe i'm still acting goody goody hahah).  Makes me feel a little less like an alien in situations :P  I do think that when you are starting out you have to be selfish..help people only when you are ready to cross that bridge because you need to focus on you.  Becoming a better person will come in time.  Though I have found that helping others to be extremely gratifying and does help a lot :)
[deleted]
[deleted]
A 25+ year sober friend of mine when asked in a social setting whether he'd like a drink often replies "No thanks I've had enough already."..At some point enough is the right answer.
Thanks for your witty and heartfelt post but if you don't change your username to ChickJesus I just might steal it from you! All kidding aside I can relate to so much of the emotions you shared and I've got to give you credit for kicking alcohol out of your life in your 20s and not waiting until your 40s like I did. You'll have a much healthier and vibrant life for doing so. Also I used to be ashamed to self-identify as being sober or an alcoholic which in retrospect was silly because I worried more what other drinkers might think of me rather than what I thought of my new journey. Now I just don't give a shit. Now I'm goddam proud to be a sober woman of almost 10 years who fought long and hard to accumulate this time. Of course I don't blurt this out to just anyone I take particular delight in mentioning it around people who are nursing the worst hangovers of their life especially when they attempted to ply me with alcohol the night before but that's just me...From your post you mentioned you only had a handful of drinks in the last (almost) 2 years. Kudos on that. But maybe consider doing the one-on-one counseling again just so you don't go back down that road? I did a 28-day rehab 2 outpatient programs and AA and the only thing that helped me put time together was individual therapy. I also stay in touch with an online women's support group SOS (Secular Organizations for Sobriety). If you can get beyond the most horrific website design in the universe check this http://www.sossobriety.org/fastindex.htm  also here's the link to the Yahoo group in case you've been blinded by the neon color scheme on that website: https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/soswomen/info
[deleted]
I don't like to call myself sober either. I just don't drink. ..I found myself after quitting drinking. I went back to the drawing board to discover who I am and what I stand for. And the new me knows drinking can't help me get to where I want to go in the present or future.
Man that brings up some memories I thought were buried. LOL..Congratulations on the epiphany. Grab a badge stick around stay sober and if you need help let us know. My inbox is always open.
[deleted]
the Chick Jesus line cracked me up... It takes a long time to change and you will get your chance to be better and better. you've done the hardest part!
This rings home with a dilemma that crippled my first attempts at sobriety.  The fact that being a non-drinker (sober) is still a focus on drinking.  Like antiwar is still a focus on war.  I believe that attention given to anything is enough to give that anything power.  I made bad choices with liquor and ultimately let alcohol rule my life.  Even in my attempts at sobriety it was the liquor that ruled over me.  I knew I couldn't consume the substance but my actions and thoughts still revolved around the subject of booze.  Heading to AA hearing all the stories and experience was almost counterproductive to recovery.  Instead of simply moving on with my life without the insanity I dove into a place where the main focus was alcohol.  Needless to say with all my attention still placed into alcohol I relapsed a few times...This time around (only 139 days) the focus has changed.  This focus is now to be a better dad a better husband a better son and most importantly a better self.  I still attend AA meetings I still get urges once and a while and the meetings are my time to dedicate to alcohol.  Just a sip to get me into tomorrow.  I still have friends that drink and still attend parties where that is the main reason for being there.  At first it was hard and I felt out casted.  When I realized no one cared what was going on inside me my personality that everyone loved began to come back out.  I feel like I am on the same page as the person I was when I drank except a different chapter (if that makes sense)..Thanks for sharing!  This got some wheels turning.  Good luck stay strong  :D.
&gt;I had done all that I was supposed to do and yet it left me feeling empty...Come on everything? What lengths are you willing to go to? Do you want things on your terms or are you willing honest and open-minded about what this stage of your development will take? ..I wish you the best of luck but I really would like you to just be happy.
I think being in recovery means you are trying to find a healthier way to live your life whatever that entails.  Maybe it is not drinking at all or having a couple drinks a few times a year.  ..If I allowed myself to gamble (more) I would be an addict &amp; probably destroy my life.  I am already an addict the compulsion is there I just do not act on it.  I give myself rules like no more than 2 trips to Vegas per year.  It's been over 5 years since I've been in a casino.
