-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fuwdo/made_it_one_week_feeling_pretty_good/

I won't lie it's been hard at times. Especially Saturday night. We still have some whiskey here that my husband drinks occasionally (he likes liquor just for the taste and never needs to have more than one at a time). ..I opened the bottle smelled it and even though I had thought I wanted it so bad it didn't smell good to me at all. It smelled like poison. So I closed it put it down made some tea and somehow managed to get it out of my head. ..I'm struggling a little again tonight but I know I'll be OK. So thankful for this Reddit! I also believe that knowing that little badge is there and not wanting to have to reset it so quickly after requesting it also helped. 
----------immediate responses--------

I find doing something to take my mind off it helps like watching TV reading a captivating book or going to sleep.  If enough time passes the feeling goes away even though it's so tempting in the moment. Stay strong.  The hardest part is already behind you (or so I'm told).
&gt;It smelled like poison...Actually it is a poison!
Good job!  I had a hard time over the weekend myself old habits and all.  
Hooray!..My husband went out drinking with the boys a while ago and was telling me how they were giving him shit because he stopped drinking relatively early in the evening.  He was telling me about this and then said "you know when it gets to the point where it doesn't taste good and you just don't want any more?"..Um no.  I have never experienced that it my life!  And the taste?  WhatEV!
you're doing great. don't sniff that shit anymore. i'd ask your husband to stop drinking but that's just me. seems like he doesn't drink like he has to (like we do) so stopping should be easy for him. if anything he should do it to support you and your decision to stay clean. getting that stuff out of your sight and keeping it off your mind is the best thing to do for the first month or two. after that the cravings subside substantially and you become adjusted to the whole "sober living" thing...good luck to you. stay strong.
