-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fuyaj/day_7_had_a_bad_day/

I felt like crap all afternoon and still feeling crappy tonight. I think a migraine is coming on. I messed up at work and was just generally feeling like a failure. I'm training someone new right now and I was short and snappy with her today. Yesterday was a crap day too. I'm trying to feel positive but my body just won't let me. I feel like I got hit by a train and I'm not even hungover!!! Tried to do a little studying tonight and ate a healthy dinner. I did not end up drinking though I really really wanted to. ..I've debated going back to AA but I've had experience with it in the past. I'm a little scared to go back. When I was in high school I had close to two years sober and then I relapsed hard. People still remember me and I'm even more scared of the people that don't. I've been a few times since my relapse over the years. I haven't been to AA in three years and this is the longest I've been sober since. My last sober stint was 17 days. ..I was an everyday drinker but I didn't get drunk most days. My body just feels like it's giving out on me and I'm only 26. That was why i decided to quit drinking. I had a terrible pain in my right upper abdomen for 4 days during a heavy drinking weekend (labor day weekend) and I realized I have to quit. I have to quit or I may not even live to finish school and reap the rewards. Or I may just give up on school so I can drink more (I've quit a lot in the past). I don't know... I'm rambling. My mind feels all fuzzy but I just needed to share something with someone. I don't really have anyone to talk to about this except my SO. I don't think anyone really knows I even have a problem. Thanks for being here. This forum is really helping me a lot. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm starting SMART Recovery they have online meetings. Could be an alternative. 
AA [also has online meetings.](http://www.aaonline.net/)  In addition the SD sidebar has a 24/7 IRC chat.  You are not alone.
I'm glad you can talk here it's good to get it out. You sound a bit stuck.
Six days is a great start! The first few weeks are obviously going to be the toughest. Distract yourself the best you can. The best advice I can give is to keep yourself occupied even if at first you only feel like sitting there. Watch a movie take a walk cook play a game rearrange your living space listen to some new music or read a book. Once I started giving my mind something to do I actually started enjoying myself. I was surprised. So keep busy! ..Also some common sense stuff like eating a healthy breakfast (I buy the big thing of instant oats for convenience/nutrition) drinking a LOT of water (a few bucks at any grocery store for 2.5 gallon dispenser of distilled water) and taking a daily vitamin. And get some rest. If I really can't sleep I take two 25mg Diphenhydramine HCL tablets which are very safe and extremely effective/inexpensive otc sleep aid. It is very much about the little things. They go a long way. Not drinking is half the battle taking care if yourself is also important too. Feel better! You got this...
One day at a time. This day will pass. Keep going. 
