-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2fy7pd/sponsee_just_relapsedagain_what_to_do/

He keeps getting out of rehab and relapses and he had 5 months of sobriety then relapsed and now this time he went to rehab and got drunk as soon as he got out. Do I just let him go. What is the best course of action. Thanks for all your help.
----------immediate responses--------

Let him go till he contacts you.  You certainly should not run around after him. 
Let him go.  You can't save him. Hopefully he can save himself with someone else. 
[deleted]
It's not even about letting him go. He's already gone. Find someone else who is more ready for recovery. 
My sponsor almost fired me after relapsing several times between June 18th and August 24th last year.  It was really weird but when he told me that if I relapsed again I would have to find someone else the gravity of my situation really hit me.  He has seen people die.  He wanted me to find someone who could help me.  I know I could have found another sponsor but I didn't want to go through the hassle plus he had worked really hard with me to develop that relationship.  I wasn't about to let that go down the drain.  It definitely helped me stay sober for a few months.  Then all the other reasons started to help me as well...
There is a good saying appropriate to this situation: we carry the message not the alcoholic.
Refer him to professional treatment that addresses the biological consequences of substance dependence.  Some people's brains adapt to the presence of alcohol by shutting down neurotransmitter receptor sites on brain cells and this leads to a condition called anhedonia or an impaired ability to feel rewarded.  Appropriate medical care for alcohol dependence disorders includes (but is not limited to) the medications disulfram acomprosate naltrexone SSRI antidepressants SNRI antidepressants dopaminergic antidepressants mood stabilizing medications and vitamin therapy. Observed dispensing and medication management as well as group and individual counseling as also a necessity. 
