-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g1hdw/difference_between_a_sober_person_and_a_dry_drunk/

Hey I'm only 24 but have been a functional alcoholic for almost 10 years been up to maybe 7 months without drinking.  I was just wondering what are people's opinions on the difference between just being a dried out drunk and a SOBER minded person.  Maybe older people with A LOT of clean time could help I just went 41 days without a drink got a paycheck was doing great and OUT OF NOWHERE I just drank a bottle of rum I don't feel like it is going to lead to any type of major relapse but like why did that happen? Was I just a dry drunk? etc... input is appreciated God Bless!
----------immediate responses--------

The way I understand it a dry drunk is someone who has stopped drinking but hasn't addressed any of the underlying problems that lead to the drinking...A sober person is someone who is actively working to fix the underlying problems.
In my group counseling it was characterized like this:..*sober* means you're not taking anything. You're not drinking not doing drugs...*sobriety* means you're okay with being sober. You're working on your recovery and doing meaningful changes in your life...I drank for a reason. I was sad lonely depressed. Alcohol took that away temporarily. Then my feelings got worse. It would not have been enough for me to simply never drink anymore. If I did not address *why* I was sad lonely and depressed then I would simply stay that way. IMHO that is what a dry drunk is. Someone that isn't drinking anymore but is angry bitter resentful...as well as any other kinds of things that we addressed with alcohol..
By no means do I have a lot of time so not sure if I can help.  This is a concept that I wondered about a lot myself.  Last night I was in a meeting and realized that my thinking was alcoholic long before I had a drinking problem.  For years i'd been irritable restless and discontent - just wasn't right with myself.  Later the drinking was a symptom of that larger problem...A dry drunk based on my limited understanding is likely characterized by abstaining from alcohol and not addressing the underlying reasons that led to dependence on alcohol.  The steps are intended as a means for getting right with ones self and a path for living moving forward.
DoubleHauling nailed it:  I thought like an alcoholic long before I found alcohol.  I resented the fact that I just couldn't drink for a very long time. Left me bitter and resentful.  Truth be told sometimes it still does. ..However when I get to enough meetings get enough sleep meditate (even pray!) do my readings and talk to other people in the program I am not nearly as much of a dick as I would be otherwise...On the way to the meeting I flip off people who try to get in my lane. On the way home I wave them in.  Magic...Oh and BTW:  drinking a bottle of rum is a major relapse in my world.
The way I see it : most people drink a glass of wine and feel funny they drink a second one and they feel dizzy and that's it. An alcoholic drinks a glass of wine and feels nothing drinks a second one and feels good and before you know it has drank ten more and really starts to act drunk which includes not knowing they're drunk and wanting more...Once you are an alcoholic you are an alcoholic...May I ask further questions ?..&gt; 7 months without drinking / 41 days without a drink..Does that mean that during those seven months you sometimes had an occasional alcoholic drink and one only ?..&gt;OUT OF NOWHERE I just drank a bottle of rum..In what circumstances ? Were you alone ? How did that bottle got there ? Did you buy it ? How was the day after ? What were you thinking when you had your first glass from it did you believe you were able to have just one and call it a night ? Did you have previous experience with hard liquor ? What kind of rum was it ? Cheap booze or high-end delicious flavor-rich rum ?
During those 41 days did you do anything to ensure your continued sobriety?  There are underlying causes and conditions that drive us towards alcoholic drinking- and we aren't necessarily conscious of those dynamics- we just go for the drink...Without working to address those issues- with the help of others in recovery- we are sitting ducks for another drink.
