-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g1w2e/my_story_and_why_im_quitting/

To start with this forum has kind of become a god send. I have been questioning my drinking habits as of late and have started looking for a support group. I am a 24 year old male a senior nursing student about to graduate and have been married for a year. For me alcohol started like it did for every college kid. I went to parties hung out and drank with roommates and on occasion have a few beers or mixed drinks to cool down after a tough day of classes. Now howver I find my self-drinking almost every night. A typical night of drinking 3 to 4 mixed drinks which amounts to about 1/3 a bottle of vodka whisky or rum. There really isn't anything spectacular about it. I drink play video games watch TV eat food and just relax. Allot of times my brother and i will chill have great talks over a bottle of vodka for 6-7 hours and end up polishing the thing off. Throughout my time at school drinking hasn't affected me. I maintain a 3.8 GPA throughout RN school hold down a job etc what troubles me however is that I cannot seem to relax without it. I am always thinking of whether or not I am going to drink that night  what my wife will think if I buy another bottle and how maybe I can convince her to have a few with me and have her get me one after work. I am also always weighing the pros and cons with school (obviously I don't drink before a test clinical or if I have allot of projects)..  I have tried multiple times to go for a long period of time without drinking citing my diet school personal reason etc  but a few days later I generally cave and have some drinks. Like I mentioned before I cannot seem to really  turn my brain off  without it. There is something about having a few drinks and not having a care in the world when you know you have you school shit done and have nothing going on the next day. Also I truly enjoy it. There are the mornings were I drank way to much by myself and feel bad about it but other times I am generally a happier person and have great memories drinking. The shitty thing is my wife generally likes it when I drink because she says  it chills me out and im not so stressed). I feel at this stage I really want to stop drinking but then I have times where I rationalize it stop caring and it comes back..	Basically I really want to kick this habit before it becomes serious. My grandfather died too early of cirrhosis and alcoholism  runs in my family . Being a nursing student knowing the long term effects of alcohol and having many end stage alcoholic patients I get a little nervous every time a feel a little tinge in my right side (you can't actually feel your liver but it just reminds me it's there). My wife doesn't seem to think I have a problem because it doesn't affect my day to day life. I really don't want to make a big deal to every one about this whole thing. I do not want to suddenly go from jms122589 husband nurse musician and nice guy to jms122589 the alcoholic who we have to tip toe around because he might relapse! I would love nothing more than to not have to obsess over alcohol and have a social drink like a normal person. .TL;DR I drink too much it doesn't affect my day to day but I need to stop..Sorry for such a long post I am in paper writing mode right now so I am on a role. So thanks for having me!.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/jms122589 to r/stopdrinking--this is pretty normal thinking about sobriety.  We have these misconceptions about recovery being this boring nice as pie universe AND it is not!  The funniest smartest and most creative people that I know are frequently sober friends.  AAs of my acquaintance range from newly sober wino homeless types to famous rock and roll musicians.  I frequently describe my friend Mary S who was a homeless bartender when she started hanging with my running crowd in my prior sober 15 years dating back to the 1980s.  Mary could not get sober or stay sober.  She couldn't keep her bartender job even though she was sleeping with the bar owner.  But last year Mary S came from her office at an elite ivy league medical school where she is a professor and a distinguished cancer researcher to be my "lead" speaker at an AA meeting I was chairing.  ..Before I got sober I thought this whole recovery thing was going to be an unremittingly boring grind--au contraire I got my full and potential me and this crazy fun life.  ..So if you haven't seen them this is a [link to a recent version of the Baby Steps which are the simple sober actions that I took to stop drinking.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g18vv/its_time_i_get_my_life_back/ckeoal5)  I wish you the best of luck.
Welcome! Thank you for sharing your story. A lot of what you said resonated with me and I am sure will resonate with others here as well. It sounds like you are trying to think your way out of the problem. The problem is (as you well know) that you can't think your way out of a neurochemical addiction that self-perpetuates- that is the reason you can't quit even though you keep trying. If you keep going on this path it's going to get worse. Maybe you do have a problem and maybe you don't but if you are concerned about it that is reason enough to quit...There are a lot of resources you can investigate while you are considering what to do. One resource that has really been instrumental in helping me not only quit entirely but not have cravings was Allen Carr's book (see sidebar). Others here have been helped by going to meetings. This subreddit has been truly helpful as well and there are a lot of supportive people here who have been through what you're dealing with and more who can provide great advice. Good luck and please keep us posted on how you're doing.
Wow I feel like you are being very upfront and honest. I had all these feelings way before I was ready to stop drinking but was never in a position to articulate them like you have let alone post them here!..It sounds like you're inspired to take a break. Please do! The decision to do so doesn't have to mean anything bigger yet. Only use labels for yourself when they are helpful otherwise reject them. Good luck!
