-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g4s68/dday_update/

[original post][http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g0ydm/dday/]..So got the final verdict today. I get to stay in school! i'm just on a probationary period where if i even get one more unexcused absence or scent of unprofessionalism then I could up for permanent separation. I cant thank everyone enough who kept me positive and were with me throughout the whole experience. Your positive words kept me going more than you even know. I needed a bit of a break last night so i went to a friends' birthday party at dave and busters and yet again I was the only one there not drinking. But I stayed strong not a single drink for me while I watched everyone around me get hammered off long island iced teas. I woke up this morning feeling good. Another small victory...But it's not over yet I have still failed a rotation and that's something I can't change. I'm right in the middle of residency application season and a failure due to unprofessionalism is a giant red flag even if you have spectacular grades and board scores. The real test now is going to be watching everyone around me start to get their interviews while i'm seeing the true consequences of my drinking in that all the hard work that I have done over the past 5 years essentially get nullified due to this failure that i myself put on myself due to drinking. I cant believe how I let this one substance really ruin such great prospects. It's going to be tough watching people start getting interviews at top hospitals in the cities that i've always dreamed of while I sit and hope that I will even be considered. It will be the true test. But i will face my demons and shortcomings AND I WILL NOT DRINK. I still have to learn how to forgive myself come to terms with the amount of damage I've caused and try and build on what little self esteem i have. It's a hard pill to swallow that you ruined what could really have been such a strong and prosperous year as it was for all of my classmates. They didn't have the same alcohol issue as I did and did what they had to while I fell behind. Prior to this past few months I had everything in order I had great academics high board scores and really could have done anything I wanted. Instead I fell into the negative thinking and alcohol perpetuated and exacerbated it. Anyway here's to recovery and learning how to let your pride take a hit. ..I'm also trying to work on my relationship a little better and working to try and give her more boundaries and learning to love myself. It's just hard because alcohol was my outlet and right now I feel lost and find it hard to think positive about myself let alone be ok in my own skin. Is this normal? I know it'll come with time i'm just really struggling right now. ..But at the end of the day i'm sober today and will be tomorrow. That atleast I can promise myself. ..Enough soapbox thanks to whoever took the time to read what I wrote it really helps to get it out. And if it wasn't for this sub and the amazing people on it i don't know where I would be..
----------immediate responses--------

Pardon my language but FUCK YEAH!
Best of luck.  Stay strong...Hope the cards flop in your favor.
Great!
Stay strong
So you went to a birthday party at a bar on day 6 of sobriety with the review board coming down with a decision the following day?  I know this won't be the most supportive comment but.....WTF?  Seriously WTF?  ..I would start taking my sobriety school and professional career seriously. ..Sorry but I can't be all happy when I read this. It just makes me sad for people in recovery. 
That's fantastic! I'm glad to see you have a second chance so make the most of it! What kind of support network do you have in place? I've found that I feel a lot better if I have at least a few people I can confide in if I feel like I'm starting to get a case of the fuck-its. Relapse is a mindset before it becomes an action. I hope for the best for you and your recovery. 
