-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g6z24/yesterday_was_day_1/

I've wrestled with (the idea of) recovery for about a year now.. always denying the fact that I'm an alcoholic (who ME?! No way!!!! LoL) Last year i quit cigs cold turkey and it gave me hope for drinking too. In June I went 30 days without a single drink. Buuuuuut my birthdays June 30th. And well then there is the 4th of July. And well yea I found reasons to start occasionally drinking. I spent July and August sloooowly slipping back into an everyday drinker. And felt like Shit for it! I had done so good!!!..I had 3 days sober and then on Wednesday relapsed and felt like absolute shit for it. My "system" wasnt working obviously. So I decided that I'm going to take my sobriety as seriously as possible this time. No cheat days. No excuses. No giving in. I made a list of reasons to stay sober and I put it in my wallet. Every time I have an urge I will look at it. Yesterday after work I went home and cleaned the balls off my house!! Dumped all the beers got rid of bottles and cans... pitched a little weed I had left... I'm done. I was more productive yesterday sober than I've been alllll week drinking. Yesterday was a good day. Today will be better. This weekend will be difficult But it will only get easier and I know this...Wish me luck. I just recently found this sub and I will be very active thru my recovery. Any advice opinions and  antidotes are greatly appreciated!! I read yesterday: "Sober life is hard but Drunk life is harder" that really resonated with me. Day 2 today... day 30 soon enough. Then 6 months. Then a year. I can feel it. I can only imagine how incredible I will feel!!!..Thanks again for providing such an awesome supportive inspiring community! It certainly helpsn
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Welcome /u/lifeisask8park to /r/stopdrinking -- I'm short on time this morning but I want to leave you with the "Baby Steps" which are the list of things that I did to stop drinking and get sober in case any of these ideas can help you:..1. Each morning--at the very instant that my eyes open I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol TODAY and today only--all day no matter what happens good or bad. When I say this I am actually suggesting a PHYSICAL RITUAL. (I did this this morning.)..2. AA and AA meetings made the big difference for me and initially I went to 90 meetings in 90 days because my AA sponsor suggested that I would do best if I learned to follow directions and that was his first direction. He was right. I still go to meetings today...3. Tomorrow I do it all over again...Going to bed without any alcohol is a sober victory particularly over the first couple of weeks which properly should be the only goal. In other words DOGGED PERSISTENCE in not picking up is required...Posting and commenting on SD has helped me stay accountable...The key for me is the principle: that I act my way into better thinking not think my way into better acting...Good luck to you.
Welcome and thanks for sharing your positive energy with your post. I too am taking my sobriety very seriously. Your enthusiasm helps me remember to keep feeling that way and be vigilant. Because I'll tell you 113 days in its soooo much better not drinking and so worth it. Keep posting!
Hey I'm pretty new here too and I am finding that reading posting and commenting are invaluable tools for staying sober. As long as I keep to speaking from the "I" it seems that sharing my experience is positive for me (and hopefully for the people here too). I'm amazed at how much self discovery comes from relating to other human beings. I am glad I finally figured out how to reach out for help and that I did it here because this is one wonderfully supportive place to be. Glad to hear you plan on being very active and I look forward to your posts and comments!
I'm with you. Today is my first day after quitting for a while then (quickly) working my way back to drinking a lot and every day. I'm with you. Time to quit for good with no cheat days...Best of luck you can do this!
