-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2g934a/today_i_lost_my_job_to_drinking_despite_being/

Some back story - I had been drinking daily for three and a half years and went sober in July to save my job as a teacher. First time I had stopped altogether since I began drinking - I fell off the wagon on day ten but haven't drank since then. Yesterday I celebrated sixty days of sobriety. Hardest thing I've ever done and arguably my biggest accomplishment ever and today I was let go based on my poor performance last spring (calling off a lot showing up late finding reasons to leave school early smelling like booze in the classroom etc.) I understand and respect the decision of my former higher-ups but am crushed that the past I've worked so hard to put behind me is continuing to give me setbacks...I am humiliated and ashamed. I'm having a difficult time accepting that even though I've stopped drinking the negative impact it's had on my life continues to put roadblocks in front of me. I have thousands of dollars in debt have ruined family and romantic relationships and missed important events due to drinking and understand that I have a lot of guilt to work through. I am already seriously depressed and though I don't consider myself to be suicidal I would certainly welcome death if it were to happen. I feel that this is the beginning of a long deep spiral off the deep end for me...On a positive? note I'm not tempted to go back to drinking. I mean I am but I'm not worried about actually caving to the temptation. I know that there is no problem in my life that alcohol will not make worse and have made up my mind that I cannot afford to relapse...So I guess what I'm looking for is advice on how to cope with this incredibly shitty setback that will continue to loom as a dark cloud over my life until I'm steadily employed again and people stop asking how my job at the school is going. Also I'm almost certain I have dry drunk syndrome; Any and all advice on how to deal with that would be awesome. I've maintained sobriety on my own without meetings therapy sponsors etc. If I need it I will do it. I have to stay sober but I need to work on learning how to forgive myself so I finally feel free.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry.  I lost my professional license and I went to Federal Prison sober at 14 months.  Like you I chose through a sh#t-ton of bad news--not to make it worse by returning to drinking.  After getting through my legal consequences I got a job and I work my tail off.  As it turns out I got real freedom frequently joy and happiness too.  I wrote a Saturday Share (see the sidebar) about this experience maybe it will be helpful to you.  Best of luck.
I'm really sorry!  Congrats for two months sober!                   .Here's how I see it. Therapy and AA made it easier and more fun to stay sober. I learned coping skills from working the steps and people with long-term recovery gave me hope. I read recovery literature. By the way I'm a retired teacher and counselor myself although my drinking did not ever cause me to lose my job. I was fired once  and it was devastating. Worse because I didn't deserve it but through it I learned more about life and myself than I ever wanted to know. That wouldn't have happened without therapy and a support group however. ..I strongly encourage you to realize you are not the best teacher of yourself when it comes to alcoholism. Trying to "heal" with the limited tools and knowledge you have may keep you sober but miserably so. It is not going to enrich your life the way opening up to what experts have to offer will do.
Ouch! I got fired on the same day I found out I was pregnant....I was 130 days sober still not sure why but I had bigger worries at that point. Keep a tight focus on the last two months. I know it's tough. I you can make it through this you are that much stronger for any of life's other surprises in sobriety that shake your foundation. ..I'm pulling for you!
Not being alone in this is vital.  If you haven't been going to Smart or Aa I suggest you start  it will help you in a variety of ways including keeping you just that much farther from a drink...Good luck. Keep posting...
This may sound trite but we get what we need. I was in a teacher internship in which I performed terribly and was not hired. I eventually found a position at another school that had an infinitely better school community and culture. Hang in there. One day at a time. Sober you can do anything (and get another job)
Depending on employment law where you live alcoholism may be considered a disability and this dismissal may be unjustified. You'll need a lawyer to tell you for sure. I would get one.  ..In the meantime do whatever you have to do to stay sober. Although you are doing well by remaining sober on your own I strongly urge you to check out a meeting or two. First of all you get to build a network. I was at a meeting today and there were at least 50 people there. Just for fun I started counting the ones I know by name and stopped at about 30.  ..And secondly it's easier to stay sober in company and it's a LOT more fun. I mean a LOT. So why do it the hard way if you don't have to? It's the best way to deal with Dry Drunk Syndrome...when sobriety becomes fun the symptoms of DDS diminish.
Depending on employment law where you live alcoholism may be considered a disability and this dismissal may be unjustified. You'll need a lawyer to tell you for sure. I would get one.  ..In the meantime do whatever you have to do to stay sober. Although you are doing well by remaining sober on your own I strongly urge you to check out a meeting or two. First of all you get to build a network. I was at a meeting today and there were at least 50 people there. Just for fun I started counting the ones I know by name and stopped at about 30.  ..And secondly it's easier to stay sober in company and it's a LOT more fun. I mean a LOT. So why do it the hard way if you don't have to? It's the best way to deal with Dry Drunk Syndrome...when sobriety becomes fun the symptoms of DDS diminish.
Depending on employment law where you live alcoholism may be considered a disability and this dismissal may be unjustified. You'll need a lawyer to tell you for sure. I would get one.  ..In the meantime do whatever you have to do to stay sober. Although you are doing well by remaining sober on your own I strongly urge you to check out a meeting or two. First of all you get to build a network. I was at a meeting today and there were at least 50 people there. Just for fun I started counting the ones I know by name and stopped at about 30.  ..And secondly it's easier to stay sober in company and it's a LOT more fun. I mean a LOT. So why do it the hard way if you don't have to? It's the best way to deal with Dry Drunk Syndrome...when sobriety becomes fun the symptoms of DDS diminish.
[deleted]
You did a really awesome thing and that should not in any way be diminished by what happened. You're being understanding and logical about a really crappy situation which is also awesome and commendable. A bad thing may have happened but everything you are currently doing is right and good and I don't even know you but I'm so proud of you because I don't know if I could do even half of what you've done...Advice-wise I think if it's possible it might be beneficial to explain to your former employers what happened as much as you're able/is safe. More that you understand you made a mistake and were struggling but you've worked really hard to fix it and grow from it. I don't mean you should do this in a bid to be re-hired but so that they may be able to give you references advice whatever. Maybe that's not going to work out but if it did it'd be a really great thing. Talk to co-workers who might be able to do the same if you're ready because networking is very helpful...You have done a truly admirable thing worked really hard to get there and there are few meaningful people who wouldn't be touched by your story. This may be an end but it is not THE end you've got a lot to give this world don't give up (you're a badass you obviously wouldn't that was just a reminder)...Good luck and congrats on all your success!
