-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ghdit/how_to_help_my_alcoholic_girlfriend/

Hi Everyone ..I'm here seeking some advice on what to do with my alcoholic girlfriend of 6 years. I recently wrote a rambling post in /r/relationships about our recent struggles which stem heavily from her alcoholism.  It can be found here if you'd like some background....[My recent struggles with an alcoholic GF](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/2g1wql/me_29_m_with_my_livein_gf_26_f_or_6_years_shes_an/)..the TL:DR Version = My bartender girlfriend has quit a job unexpectedly (which caused me to loan her ~$4000 to stay afloat) been rude and inconsiderate of my feelings. Then after major fallout she found a new job (still a bartender) took a month off from drinking and the world was great. Started back up in September was promptly suspended then fired from her job for drinking at work. Proceeded to spend the next day completely off the reservation and didn't come back until the next morning drunk as hell. I was sleeping on the couch and considering moving out as our lease was up at the end of the month. ..Some updates not in that post... ..Since posting that I forgave her ~ Thursday and said we'd try to make it work if she stopped lying to me worked on controlling/ending her drinking and tried to find a new job. On Friday her friend approached me without her knowledge and let me know she was downtown drinking with her friends again when she should have been looking for a new job. I confronted her about it and she lied to me AGAIN for fear of me being upset. As it turns out she WAS initially down looking for a new job but then after going to a couple of places met up with these people and started taking shots. Either way I ask a clear and direct question about whether she had been drinking and she lied. ..I was obviously livid packed all of my clothes/necessities up and moved to my parent's vacant condo a few miles away. I've seen her every day since and still sort of only have one-foot out the door despite sleeping at the other place. ..I've told her that taking my feelings into consideration just isn't a priority for her and I don't think that taking her back and bailing her out again is what's best for her or I at the moment. I probably could find a way to put myself in more financial dire-straights so she can tread water for another month. But with our lease up at the end of the month I don't know if signing on for another year of this together will be a wise decision. ..She's continued drinking heavily over her dismay of the break-up. She cries and wails and I've told her while I'm willing to help her she has to want to help herself so what can I do. I've offered to help her find a new job find AA in the area etc. She just says...AA doesn't work I don't have any money (funny how getting fired will do that to you) and what's the point anymore. ..She's clearly an alcoholic and has admitted this to me and more importantly to herself but she's in this downward spiral and quite frankly I don't know what to do. ..I can either.....A) stay moved-out say my farewells and be done with it. Allow her to hit-rock bottom and hope that she doesn't harm herself. But ultimately move on with my life. ..B) stay moved-out stay firm that I no-longer want the romantic relationship but try to help. (How?)..C) Move-back in play watch-dog and try to make her get her life back together. Dealing with the highs and lows and putting myself at serious financial and emotional risk just because it's what would be easiest on her. ...I know it's hard to give advice based on someone else's situation but I'm really at a loss. I love her and want to help her but at this point she's just crumbling into this giant mess and doesn't even want to put forth the effort to help herself. Ultimately I want a life-partner and if she's unwilling to make the changes for me..with no kids no marriage and our financial lives set to diverge in 2 weeks walking away and finding someone who can do that may be my best bet. ..Any and all advice comments or questions are welcome. I'm planning on going to AA support for Alcoholic's Family Members sometime this week probably..but otherwise I don't know my next step. ..Edit: She isn't close with her parents and only has a couple of people that might be able to help her out in this situation though no guarantees. So running home isn't a real option for her nor is including her parents to help me in the situation. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man.  You get so many gold stars for being as awesome as you have been so far.  Good on you man and it's great that you reached out here...Her drinking according to the post above sounds pretty problematic and dangerous.  It sounds like both you and she recognize this.  It's wonderful that you want to help her but it doesn't sound (to me anyway) like she is ready to accept help or suffer through any consequences (oftentimes we alcoholics just get more drunk to numb the pain associated with our consequences as opposed to actually dealing with them).  ..Going to the meeting sounds wonderful.  If you can go today or tonight I would do it.  The meetings have helped me more than I ever thought possible (I was pretty anti-AA before I actually went).  ..I don't necessarily think that completely leaving her to fend for herself is the best decision but I also think if you are ready to move on and out then you absolutely should.  You can't stop her from drinking only she can. Truly.  The reason my first week has been relatively painless is bc I have been abusing alcohol for close to 20 years and for the past 3 years I have known I needed to quit.  I just never really tried.  My acceptance came quickly last weekend and now I am on board 150% and in it for the long haul.  If that is not the case for your girlfriend I don't know how easy it will be to live with her a few months from now...I am so sorry.  It sucks you are dealing with this.  You sound perfectly lovely and I hate that this is affecting you in such a negative way.  We are happy you are here though and will help in any way we can.  
Others will have better advice of that I am sure. ..You should visit alanon and/or a therapist counselor or some other trusted person in your life that has an insight on alcoholics...I could not stop drinking until I wanted to stop. I did not stop for my spouse my kids my job my friends or for any outside organization institution philosophy or reason...I consumed more alcohol than my spouse ever knew. She knew I drank a lot I drank more than she ever knew. I hid everything from everyone all the time. My default behavior was to keep everyone pacified so I could get back to drinking. The world was in my way -- no one nothing mattered. ..I can't say if your girlfriend is an alcoholic. But as an alcoholic you should find some support and perspective today -- tonight.
This sub /r/alanon might be a good place for you...Assuming your girlfriend is an alcoholic all the warnings and threats in the world from you will mean nothing in terms of prompting a recovery from her.  In fact threatening her with a consequence (in this case leaving her) and then not fully following through on this consequence (in this case only putting one foot out the door) actually IMO does more harm than good for her.  This is because it reinforces in the alcoholic mind that we can duck dive and dodge consequences from our poor behavior...Good luck.
I am sorry alcoholism is tearing your relationship apart. But that's what it does. It is heartbreaking...In Alanon I learned that changing another person is not possible. The only behavior I can control is my own. The best thing you can do for your girlfriend is go to Alanon meetings a support group for friends and family of alcoholics. I learned how to set boundaries explore my options and make healthy decisions. ..see /r/Alanon and post there.
This is probably better suited for /r/alanon as Sm2l and Nika already said but I want to point out that the most powerful and loving thing ever "said" to me about my drinking was my ex-wife's ACTIONS in going to Al Anon meetings and practicing those principles in her life.  Truly I could not shake that message no matter how hard I tried.  That message pierced my denial.  
Straight up advice:..Given what I have read in your posts I say it's a clear bet for option #A. ..In my mind this isn't even that much about her alcoholism. You're young you've got a long life ahead of you and so far all you have done is live together. I suspect that by the time you move on you will be thinking of her less and less often. Let her deal with her alcoholism on her own terms and call it a day. ..Boom. Case closed.
&gt; A) stay moved-out say my farewells and be done with it. Allow her to hit-rock bottom and hope that she doesn't harm herself. But ultimately move on with my life...This...Me personally I would allow her to get her shit together and leave the option open for a future reconciliation but she needs to see the stark consequences of her actions.  People enabled a lot of my drinking and drug use in my 20's.  I might have gotten sober a lot sooner if I had been forced to deal head on with the consequences of my actions.  Giving her any assistance will make it easier for her to stay where she is...Best wishes my friend :)
Ahhh! I was in your position a couple of years ago! I feel so panicked when I read your post because I am projecting all over the place. Here is some unabashed advice DO NOT sign a year lease with this person right now. And I say this as a person who allowed their alcoholic to move in when they lost their apartment who now continues to live with that loving and sober man. So it worked out okay for me but I would STILL do it differently. I felt so trapped and alone and helpless because I had taken on the responsibility for the wellbeing of another human being who was not my child but supposedly my partner. ..That is all.
[deleted]
&gt;C) Move-back in play watch-dog and try to make her get her life back together. Dealing with the highs and lows and putting myself at serious financial and emotional risk just because it's what would be easiest on her...Not true. It would not be easiest on her. You would be reinforcing the message that she can keep drinking and sneaking and lying and getting the booze in and making cursory fake attempts at getting sober and will be bailed out regardless. It will extend the time until she may attempt one true and real attempt at getting sober which will probably hurt her more because it will allow the denial to thicken rather than thin out...It's so hard. It's fucking hard. I wouldn't have gotten sober if I had a girlfriend bailing me out emotionally financially or sexually. 
She likely knows what she needs to do she's just not at the point where she's willing to do *whatever* it takes to quit...The only person who can help her out in this situation is her...nobody including you can do this for her...The mind of an alcoholic active in their disease tells them that they can drink like a regular person; that they can find the solution to the problem and still drink; that they deserve to drink like they do; etc.  Until they smash the notion or have it smashed for them by consequences that they can drink at all there's nothing you can do but offer your support when they're ready to make the changes they need to make...My apologies for being so blunt but that's how it is...it's how it was with me and the stories and experiences I hear in the rooms have confirmed it over and over and over....
This isn't the right sub for your question.  
Notnomore says a lot about your feelings dude! All I can say is this sounds exactly like me even the partner being a bartender! I have struggled with the same situation now though am married to the practicing alcoholic whom has no remorse regret nor acknowledgment of his problem. Its a bitch living with someone who spends the better half of the week in blackouts and scaring the crap out of you. I just found this "stopdrinking" reddit and stopped only 2 days ago. I can see its not his choice but I think I am getting noticed a bit more. I am doing this for myself period. Feeling good about it! I had a great therapist a yr. or so ago and she put it to me like this.... you must stay on your side of the fence. All you can do is change yourself as best you can and you in now f**kin way can change the other person. She told me if I was fine with watching him kill himself slowly over time not to expect a miracle. These situations always end up in a crisis at some point and somehow I chose to be a part of it. Still waiting for the impending dreadful crash to occur. My drinking was no where bad as his is but if stopping gets some attention only hope he can have the same epiphany on his own terms without harming me or some other innocent soul. Life is a constant accommodation to change and there's no way out of that. Change what you can in yourself and never try to take the responsibility of fixing another person. That's their job. Try and keep a good attitude hope for the best weather you stay or go. Best Wishes!   
tl;dr A
