-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ghqsm/i_wrote_a_note_to_myself/

I've been struggling with my drinking for a few years now. There is no sob story - I just love alcohol. I drank 6+ beers every night. I'm rated as Zone III on the WHO test. ..This past year I have become worried for myself. After seeing a similar post I decided to write a note to myself while drunk so I could see how I was viewing my life from all angles. I thought it would bring me some clarity. ..*"Drinking is not fun. It's a compulsion. I feel fine without a beer. But as soon as [son] goes to sleepI feel compelled to grab one out of the fridge.*..*Drinking makes me feel bad. I stood in front of the mirror and told myself that I am a functioning alcoholic.*..*I am worried that it will affect my relationship with [husband].*..*I am worried that it will affect my health.*..*I feel the need to be dishonest when I discuss alcohol with friends or family or doctors.*..*I wake up and cringe when I see notifications on my phone because I often get drunk and comment on Facebook and Reddit. When I wake up after a sober night I still cringe because I am so used to drinking until I make a fool of myself.*..*Waiting until [son] is asleep is not an excuse.*..*I'm gaining weight. I'm fatter than I've ever been. I don't want to have to reread this note because I am listing things I've been thinking for months. Not weeks."*..These are all things that I constantly think to myself while sober. To see that these thoughts don't leave me alone while drinking is eye opening. Why do I keep drinking if it is making me miserable?..On Friday I vowed that I was coming to an almost full stop. I thought that I might start by limiting myself to having a few on the weekend. I am afraid of stopping cold turkey but I don't really understand why. Maybe I am just embarrassed that I let it get this far. ..Anyway I am posting here to make it real. I can think about it all I want but I need to tell someone anyone even if it is under a throwaway in order to hold myself accountable. I hope that in the next few weeks I will find the courage to post under my main account. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi and welcome.  If you want to moderate your alcohol intake that is great.  If you want to moderate your alcohol intake because you are scared to quit but deep down you know you should quit well...that is not so great...Maybe you should think about first completing and honest and open assessment of your alcohol patterns.  After you have done that be completely honest with yourself about the results and what you want to achieve.  Then make a decision as to what your goal is.  And finally work out a plan to effectively reach that goal.  These are the things I wish I would have done many years ago...Good luck.
You're not the first do to this but I wanted to point it out:..First you say "I just love alcohol"...Then you go ahead and list a bunch of reasons why alcohol is not worthy of your love...You're taking a great step.  My own sobriety experience has been fantastic so far.  And it still even now keeps getting better.
Reading a note that I wrote myself when I was drunk was something that really motivated me to make a change. When I'm really drunk I can see that it's not what I want. When I'm sober it still seems so incredibly appealing. I have that note posted on my fridge now and I've read it at least once a day for the past 8 days. If you're interested I can share what it says when I'm home. ..You're absolutely not alone in this. I'm glad that you posted and that you're thinking about making changes. I also know the feeling of drinking until you make an ass of yourself and then spending the next day cringing over your behavior. Of gaining weight. Lying to people who care who can help. I'm very early in my journey but I'm already seeing changes for the better. Whatever you decide to do I hope you can get where you want to be physically spiritually &amp; emotionally. You're definitely not alone in this. 
Being honest with your doctor would be a good place to start. Alcohol withdrawal is nothing to mess with. An evaluation can determine your detox needs and appropriate medication prescribed. It makes it easier and safer to stop. ..Alcoholism is a disease not a moral issue. You are a good person with a bad disease. Doctors know this. .Thanks for your post. You are not alone. 
