-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gnk26/had_my_first_relapse_nightmare_last_night/

You know honestly?  I kind of wish it had been true.  This is probably just my alcoholism talking but I've kind of forgotten what "buzzed" feels like.  I don't want to get drunk just buzzed just one more time so I can truly say goodbye and realize I don't really miss it (I didn't know that my last drink was going to be my last until the next day.)..HOWEVER.....In my dream the alcohol didn't even make me feel that good.  And if I really think about it near the end alcohol was only fun and felt good for about 15 minutes then I just felt dizzy and shitty and needed more to feel "normal" (I hated the feeling of slowly sobering up when I was awake so if I started drinking I was in it for the long haul.  All day baby!)  Man this shit is powerful.  After having a BAD dream where I feel GUILTY for drinking I actually STILL want to DRINK!?  Man talk about an addiction!..Not drinking today.  I promised myself and everybody I love and I'm not letting all of us down for a stupid fifteen-minute fucking buzz.
----------immediate responses--------

Did I share this [link on drinking dreams with you?](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/)..So one other observation that "buzzed" feeling is what is called the "elusive sensation" which is pretty much predictably unavailable to us anymore.  In fact tragedy grief and legal consequences of our drinking are more likely than predictably achieving that "buzzed" sensation.  It's why it's worthless to go back.  I know of what I speak: see my Saturday Share to see what I mean.
Good job playing that tape all the way through...Some people can have a few beers to relax and enjoy that happy "buzz".  Some can drink just one to dull the aches and pains of age or a strenuous day.  I can't.  My brain isn't wired that way.  ..And the neat thing is I don't have to ingest a mind altering substance to relax be happy or deal with the aches and pains of age and soreness.  I've learned how happiness is an inside job and doesn't have to be affected by external influences.  There are these wonderful things called "hot" "ice" and "Aleve" that work wonders on pain.  There's a "solution based" way of looking at life and acting that produces these wonderful results especially compared to how I used to look at things and act while drinking and drugging...The drinking/using dreams are normal.  I even still have an occasional one despite literally the 2nd half of my life spent sober.  ..Not drinking today sounds good I think I'll join you in that.
I'm only 31 days in but I think I had my first big "drinking dream" around the same point as you. I even had a "hangover" for the first part of the day!! It sucks but you're not going to drink today which is awesome. I'm not going to drink today either. Best of luck to you!
Hey! I didn't know my last drink was going to be my last one either! I just realized that reading your post. I've had a few relapse dreams too. In mine I'm pretty upset with having to start over but I knew I would start over. That's a good sign I hope. Thanks for posting.
