-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gox9g/this_is_the_longest_i_have_ever_gone_without/

I am definitely in unchartered territory but I am truly enjoying it. I've had so many starts and sputters and fuckups and relapses over the years that I knew this time around I was gonna have to do things differently and have a plan in place. A big thing for me is just taking ownership of my situation and not being afraid or ashamed to admit that I am a recovering alcoholic and drug addict. I'm kinda rambling here but the reason I'm posting is because I just passed a HUGE test and I'm honestly quite pleased with myself. I have the day off today and was just sitting on my porch after a run and my next door neighbor pulled in his driveway. Now he's a cool guy and a good neighbor but to be frank he's an old hippy burnout who still parties HARD. I hadn't seen him in quite awhile cuz I work odd hours. ANYWAYS he gets out of his car and asks if I'm off work today. I say yes and he pulls something out of his pocket and hurls it at me like a frisbee. it's coming super fast and I instinctively put out my hand and catch it perfectly. it's a fucking fifth of vodka. oh fuck you so hard universe. on the inside I'm almost furious cuz although I'm not a religious man I'm just seeing this as an exercise of the devil. just literally putting this poison in my hands when I'm fighting for my life to stay away from it. but I put on my fake face and get up and hand it back to him and tell him 'sorry brother those days are over for me. I've got a horrible drinking problem so I'm taking the sober road yada yada...'  he was actually super cool and supportive and felt so bad. we laughed our asses off about it. of all the days to chuck a bottle of vodka at somebody. haha! anyways I'm not a very good story teller obviously but just wanted to share:-/ love you guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome.  I've had a beer shoved in my hands before.  It wasn't easy at first.  But I'm glad you were able to tell him you don't drink and that it all worked out...Congrats on 43 days.  I hope that you can say the same thing tomorrow (that it's the longest you've been sober).  I say that every day.
Congrats on 43 days!  Also great job on giving back the vodka and telling him you are taking the sober road..
Well done handing it back. That's hard to do no matter how long you've been sober. Here's to 44 days!
Good for you in owning your problem and telling him straight up - it's not easy to do that but you saved yourself a lot of temptation down the road by being straightforward with him. And now you know that you *can* handle alcohol literally being thrown at you and it doesn't have to end with you being drunk. Congratulations!
[deleted]
Keep on going.  Uncharted territory is better than the same auld stuff.
