-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2grgwu/first_aa_meeting_last_night/

TL;DR. AA meeting was awkward at first. Had to consciously remind myself to keep an open mind. And I learned something helpful...Supposed to be a young people's group. I didn't know exactly what to expect though in terms of format protocol. Whatever. I walk in a sea of white hair white faces and (mostly) men. As a brown young-er woman I immediately wanted to run. I was hoping to blend in melt into the crowd. Addiction has already been a very other-ing and alienating experience for me.  I could feel anxiety rising into my throat...But I sat and I stayed. I had to consciously tell myself:  I'm here now. So be here now. Take what you can and leave the rest.  I did NOT have high hopes but my mind was open   if that makes sense. ..They asked if anyone was celebrating an anniversary   I said one week. Claps. I kind of felt better. In the first 10 minutes or so more young people filled in behind me. ..Topic: kind of the dangerousness of thinking you're able to go out and drink again and how challenging it can be to get back on track (though many many people relapse- the point was how to make relapse a  lesser part of your story if a part of your story at all). What I particularly loved was the talk about how easy it is to forget the despair you felt or the pure shitstorm that surrounded you and motivated you to stop drinking. And kind of how insidious that forgetfulness can be. And I have to say I really wanted to hear someone say that. Because things are going great right now. I'm getting SHIT DONE. But I'm really scared that at any moment I'll forget how bad I really really was and how terrible I felt (emotionally). I don't know. Anyway some people talked about strategies they used to keep the quitting motivation  green  specifically just reminding yourself of a specific instance or feeling or moment that you never want to experience again. Not that you have to be ashamed of yourself but that since you don't want that thing to happen again and because it may or may not happen again if you drink you take the 100% sure path and you don't drink and it doesn't  happen...I also learned that this meeting though an AA meeting is accommodating of NA and other programs. Everyone was warm and welcoming. I'm going to attend different meetings as well (this meeting is only held once a week) but I'd definitely go back..
----------immediate responses--------

Good to hear that you are open minded and going back!  It took me a long time to really get in to AA but now that I have things are finally beginning to change.  
congratulations on the week and on the courage to get up and venture into the alternate universe of AA
Sounds like one for the win column to me! Check out as many different meetings as you can there are big differences and what one hates is perfect for another. Be grateful  you aren't severely limited as those in ritual ares with little or no choice! Great job and thank you very much for posting your experience!
Yay /u/GwenniC --the triumph of openness!
Thanks for sharing your positive and open minded attitude. Very inspiring. 
Woot!
