-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gsq7u/why_isnt_i_dont_like_to_drink_an_acceptable_answer/

This seems like a common plight amongst us sober rockers here. We seem to struggle with answering inquiries from friends family and coworkers. We don't want to admit our weakness to others yet we don't want to be so devoid of a sufficient excuse that the only logical thing to do *is* drink because we want to fit in.    .  .Has anyone here simply tried telling others that you don't like drinking? I feel like this answer is explanatory enough without being an invitation for more probing questions about your relationship with alcohol.   .  .Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

I've told people I used to drink with that "I just don't really enjoy it anymore" or "I just haven't felt like drinking lately". It was a perfectly acceptable answer.
I experenced this quite a bit earlier. I simply answered " it was destroying my life." and if they probed further and i didnt want to talk about it it just said..."you can take my word for it."    .On the other hand my drinking friends I simply said " You know why just think back why." they replied with some form of you can control it and I just said " what if i told you i can't and its no longer worth the risk EVERY time i drink."    .It gets easier as you will become more confortalbe talking about your past. for me now I simply answer "Becuse I got 3 DUIs and i dont want any more.
You are not admitting a weakness but a choice. It IS an acceptable answer when people are kind and considerate enough to respect your healthy decision. .I sometimes said "Alcohol makes me crazy" or "We are not good together" or simply "No thank you."!
"I don't drink as anymore.".."Why?".."I've had enough. "
Not a good long-term answer but I've said "No thanks I've got a mild headache" before.  How the hell would they know if I have a headache or not? &gt;:-)
For the people who knew me as a heavy drinker I have had to answer questions. Usually just saying that I've quit because I used to drink way too much is enough...For people that never knew me as a drinker "No thanks" works surprisingly well.
"I don't drink" is pretty clear and doesn't invite questions. I haven't had anyone question it. "I don't like..." invites questions I think. ..If I'm among friends I might offer more of a "I don't drink anymore used up my punch card." Gets the message across without a lot of gory details. ..
My husband doesn't drink and never has. I've fielded lots of questions about it but never actually thought it was odd or expected others to think it was strange. He just doesn't like how drinking makes him feel. He might nurse a beer all day a BBQ or hold a glass of wine at a celebration but not often. As far as I know no one thinks it is strange. ..I was thinking about this today when someone was talking about not drinking at a business meeting. My guy has probably 10 dinner meetings a month. I never even thought to ask what people drink and I doubt he even notices what others drink. ..I think the only people who really notice non drinkers and think its strange those of us with issues. 
Thats not a sufficient answer to me. People are really prone to prying more info out of you. At least in my experience. They dont leave it alone. Ive ended up drinking with them before and ive told people i dont drink because im an alcoholic and then sometimes i see those people out when i relapse. Its shitty when they say i thought u didnt drink because you were an alcoholic...Edit: i just started saying im allergic to alcohol so i might break out in handcuffs and then they laugh.
I think it depends on your age. Middle age or older you don't need to justify a choice not to drink very often. For a lot of twentysomethings there seems to be no acceptable answer. 
I actually don't really have problems with people asking about it. If they ask why I don't drink I like to just say "I just don't". I find the only people that make a big deal about it is because my decision to not drink apparently makes them uncomfortable and in my mind their discomfort isn't my problem and my problems are none of their business.
I usually say something along the lines of "It turns out that alcohol is not my friend." or "We don't get along."  
Chances are that you feel uncomfortable about not drinking.  That is playing no small part in your perception of events.  ..I am going to let you in on a little secret.  I could get killed for sharing this publicly so I'm not going to tell everyone I am only going to tell you.  Everyone else please stop reading right now.  Thanks.  I appreciate it...Let's say you suspect someone is lying to you.  The best thing you can do to find out more is to not respond to their statements in any way.  You remain silent you don't react via body language you don't smile you don't nod nothing.  You just keep looking at them. If you do that the person will keep talking. They'll keep adding more detail to their story/explanation until you acknowledge them in some way.  Non-verbal signals play a *huge* part in conversation.  When people don't receive those signals they keep talking because they think it's still their turn...A lot of people don't know how to react when you tell them you don't drink.  So you say "I don't drink" and they don' t respond for a brief moment. You already feel uncomfortable about saying it.  So when they don't respond you naturally just keep talking. You offer reasons try to make a joke whatever just to get that acknowledgment.  ..Stop doing that.   It is enough to say "I don't drink" and leave it at that.  Don't let your self-consciousness push you into making excuses that don't need to be made. ..Your answer of "I don't like to drink" offers a reason/excuse.  You don't need to do that.  Be careful to not hear "why" when no one is asking why. All you have to say is "I don't drink."  And then don't keep talking.  Look at the person expectantly like it's their turn to talk.  ..Sometimes people do ask why.  Younger people are more apt to ask why.  Most people don't actually care they're just making conversation.  "I don't drink."  *Oh why not?* is akin to "I don't watch Breaking Bad."  *Oh why not? It's so good!*  It's just making conversation. Vegetarians run into this all the time and most of them misunderstand the whole conversation.  They think people are grilling them about their choices. No one is grilling them they're just trying to have a conversation.  "I went to Disney Land last week."  *Oh really how was that?*  No one actually cares how your trip was.  They just needed something to say and asking for more detail about something someone has said is how conversations work...And then you have another class of people those who equate your decision to not drink to you making a moral judgment about them and their choices.  Those folks are reacting out of defensiveness.  This is another thing vegetarians often face btw.  I keep using this as an example because I think it might be easier to be objective if we don't talk about drinking.  For the purposes of this discussion it's the exact same thing.  ..You say "I don't eat meat" in some circles and some jackass will feel compelled to tell you how much he loves meat or how not eating meat is not natural or how he's going to eat twice as many animals to make up for the ones you're not eating.  The guy is being defensive because he feels like you've judged him. You haven't.  This is entirely his problem. ..What he wants is for you to say something about how you /can't/ eat meat.  That way he knows you're not judging him.  "Oh doc told me I had to quit" is good enough for most everyone.  In that case you're saying that you don't disagree with his choices.  The equivalent of this in terms of alcohol is "I'm an alcoholic."  You say that &amp; the guy knows you're not judging him and he moves on.   He hears "I'd drink if I could I wish I could be as awesome as you!"  ..I dunno why I spent so much time talking about that last class of people.  It's not important.  The point is these people have their own issues.   It's not something you can control.  If you want to end it quickly say you're an alcoholic.  If you don't want to out yourself just say "I don't drink."  If someone asks why just say "because I don't."  That's all you need to say.  The conversation may feel awkward but that's not your doing.  He asked a question he shouldn't have asked. Your answer made that clear.  Now he feels dumb for asking.  You feel his pain.
I saw an interview once with I believe Robber Downy JR. and the host asked him why he didn't drink anymore and he just said " I lost that privilege a long time ago." I use that all the time now and It usually gets a giggle and rarely any followups.  
I've never had to deal with anyone bugging me to drink. It's a way bigger deal in my head...And yes I'm sober rocker too...Nobody gives a shit. If I think there's pressure I'm creating it for myself. If there actually is someone harassing me to drink of which there's only been one in about five years it's easy to tell that it's his problem not mine...
