-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gwr2d/how_i_feel_almost_4_months_sober/

I don't want to jump the gun but I honestly think my cravings (if that's what you want to call them) are leaving me alone.  Since I decided 4 months ago that I was done I haven't had the desire to drink per say but I have missed it.  I wanted to be sober with all my heart I just had to convince my brain of it too.  I used to think about drinking (or not drinking) all the time.  I used to wonder how I would ever enjoy my life without it.  How could I sit by the pool or watch an evening sunset or go out on the boat or spend weekends at our property without my beloved chardonnay?  The first few weeks were a struggle. But now I don't constantly  think about getting sober and how hard it is going to be and what I have to do instead of drinking.  I don't think about how strange my weekends will be without drinking.  I don't wonder how I will get through my evenings without a few glasses of wine.  I feel so free free to enjoy life.  Im not tied down to when I will drink where I will drink how much I will drink or if I can drive somewhere if I drank.  If I want a Sonic Blast at 10 pm I can go get one because I haven't been drinking.  I feel so good at 4 months I cant wait to see how good I feel in a few years.  I wont let my guard down.  I want this too much.  I know that there will be struggles.  I know there will be times when my sobriety will be tested.  I will cross those bridges when they come.  I will make myself get to the other side of the bridge sober.  I feel healthy and happy and alive and I refuse to let anything get in the way of that feeling.  I know that one sip will ruin it all for me. Nothing good ever came from my drinking and I realize this 100%.  I have almost 4 months sober and my drinking brain's voice has really quieted down.  Thank you to  every single one of you for posting and reading and caring! Happy Sober Friday!!  
----------immediate responses--------

Living in the moment is what it is all about.  Keep it up and congrats on 4 mths.
I noticed some improvements at around 6 months myself. I realized I had gone a whole month without craving alcohol. Took me a month to even realize it...I heard from someone it takes a good year of sobriety for the brain to really reset itself. Keep on keeping on. KEEP ON!!!
Bravo for 117 days!
I don't really feel like drinking anymore and haven't for several months but I'm hyper aware of how hard alcohol is pushed in everyday life. If I hadn't quit when I did bad things were brewing to happen...Today I just focus on living better being a better person and improving myself.
4 is going to look-and feel-good on you. Its nice to have evened out isn't it?
Hey man. I quit smoking the same day as you quit drinking .... So i guess were pals. Anyway keep it up you da best!
Nicely done four month brother.
