-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2h8wfb/i_messed_up/

Hey all. I haven't posted in this sub in a very long time. I think my badge says over a year but that's complete horseshit. I'd like to take a second to tell you about my recent few months and it all ends with today.   .. ..I just recently moved to Austria Europe to be with my girlfriend from Vermont U.S.A. I visited her in April and things were great. We made plans for me to come back and live during that time and since then I had been selling my life to make money to go and be with her. .. ..She knows I'm an alcoholic. But during our time physically together it was bad but not *that* bad. I would say stupid things act like an ass etc the usual. She told me to stop and I did... Around her. After she left to go back to Austria in May last year I just got worse and worse but the distance made it so she didn't have to know the extent of my drinking. I could hold it together during Skype conversations and still be taking shots while talking to her and to this day I don't think she knew - she would have definitely said something. .. ..Fast forward to 2 weeks ago. I was finally ready to go be with her. I had my ticket booked I was supposed to go to Boston and stay with friends for a night and hop on to my plane the next afternoon. My friends have never been big drinkers except when around me - I bring out their worst. So long story short she had been pissed at me for about a month because I would call her up and say really really mean things in my blackout stages. I felt like shit because she would say "I can't believe you said that" and I would have to act like I remembered but was sorry because the alcoholic in me could not bare to tell her I was blackout during those conversations. .. ..Again long story short I blacked out the day I was supposed to get on my plane. I got to the airport fell down an escalator and thought the cops were after me and I ended up losing my laptop and my wallet. Still had my passport thank god but I ended up missing my flight and got a concussion. She was not happy and she knew I was drunk. I can't believe she said I should still come over JUST to see if we could make it work - no promises. .. ..I'm trying to keep it short... I get to Austria things are great for a few days. I manage to buy her a bunch of flowers and apologize my heart out and this time I am really into the not drinking. I realized finally that if I don't stop I will kill myself or somebody else. My family knows this I know this but she doesn't. I don't want to bring it up with her because I feel she is sick of it and she has her life together. I do to an extent... I've always been able to make money and take care of myself albeit in an alcoholic haze... The night I fell down the escalator was the 12th. I was sober since then and I felt great. I used to smoke a lot of weed as well and quit that at the same time. Guys I felt great! .. ..So... She works night shifts. She left today at 3p.m. (European time) and I was doing great until about 6. I've been trying to make money online and it hasn't been going great. It's been frustrating because I don't speak German well and I have no money. But things could be worse... Her family loves me her dad and I get along very well so what's the issue? .. ..Everyone here drinks but that was not my trigger. The trigger was my own stress and frustrations about not feeling adequate to have this girl as my girlfriend. She has her shit together you know? And I'm just a lowly alcoholic who is still struggling... .. ..I'm sorry for the rant guys. I tried to make it as cohesive as possible but I'm sure it's a mess. I feel like a mess. I've looked for support groups (English or German I don't really care at this point) but the closest one is in Linz 45 minutes away in the big city. I'm feeling lost and like I have no purpose and she is none the wiser to the fact I'm going through this while being with her. I've always been able to hold it together around her because she has always made it a safe environment. I'm scared if I tell her I slipped tonight that she will just end it. Maybe I need that... But I can't bring myself to do it. .. ..What the hell is wrong with me? I have a beautiful European girlfriend who just got an amazing new apartment has a great job a new car etc... And I can't seem to get over my own insecurities. What the hell am I doing wrong? I honestly think the next step is rehab but I just got here and if I do that my whole relationship is done. I'm between a rock and a hard place and I'm on my last chance. I KNOW THAT I WILL BEAT THIS I've been having amazing sleep the past week and have felt so great. So why the need to pour this poison down my throat again?
----------immediate responses--------

As opposed to editing... I'll just add a new comment. Please reset my badge. I'm done doing this to my body so tomorrow is day 1. Again :(
&gt;45 minutes away in the big city..Sounds like a no brainer to me.  Get your ass on the train!
&gt; What the hell is wrong with me?..You're an alcoholic. You are sick. To get well treatment is the best option. 
