-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hav6b/is_my_aa_sponsor_guilt_tripping_me/

Hi..My AA sponsor sent me some texts the other night telling me I need to go to rehab because I told him I have been going through a rough patch lately with my thinking. ..He also said "you are jeopardizing my sobriety because you aren't going to enough meetings and aren't calling and being honest" He has said this before how I am going to make him "sick" and he will start drinking because of me. ..He also told me a month ago that rehab is a complete waste of time and that 95% of people relapse as soon as they leave but is now saying rehab is the only option..so now I am confused...He also said I am not meeting him halfway because I told him I do not want to go to rehab he said him being my sponsor "never work" if I don't listen to him and go to rehab...I haven't called him in 2 days because I have been so angry and I feel like picking up a drink because how upset he has been making me lately...Any advice would be appreciated thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;He also said "you are jeopardizing my sobriety because you aren't going to enough meetings and aren't calling and being honest" He has said this before how I am going to make him "sick" and he will start drinking because of me...I've never had a sponsor and no longer attend AA but this doesn't sound good. ..However..&gt;I have been so angry and I feel like picking up a drink because how upset he has been making me lately...*You are doing the exact same thing.* ..I think that this match is not working and that you need to seek a different sponsor. ..Glad you posted. That was the right thing to do. Good luck out there. And no drinking! You're at 6 weeks. That's some serious time. ..You can't go back because of a flawed human being. .
[deleted]
Um....That sounds like *he* might need to go to rehab and that he's just projecting. Then again I'm not your sponsor. He's guilt-tripping you and acting like a mean person. Get a better sponsor.
&gt; He also said "you are jeopardizing my sobriety because you aren't going to enough meetings and aren't calling and being honest" He has said this before how I am going to make him "sick" and he will start drinking because of me...That is so far out of bounds it ain't even a close call.  Get a new sponsor.  ..It sounds to me that your guy is projecting his issues on to you or counting on his involvement with you shoring up his own unsteady sobriety.  Some people do that.  Feeling weak or unsteady?  Get more involved.  That's an oft-offered solution and it does sometimes work for a while. Until it doesn't...Don't be upset with him about it. All people have problems and sponsors are people...He's not the right sponsor for you right now that's all.  By finding another sponsor you will be doing both of you a favor.  Just do it.  Whatever happens to him down the road is not your fault.
I'm beginning to think sponsorship is more for the continued sobriety of the sponsor than it is for the sponsee. ..Your sponsor sounds like a head case. 
Get another sponsor. You are responsible for no one else's sobriety but yours.
Get a new sponsor.  You (and your sponsor) are responsible for your own sobriety  no one else's.  ..If you are in danger of relapse though I'd suggest taking some further steps to protect your sobriety.  Get a new sponsor.  Check out new meetings. Get a therapist if that is what you need. Get together socially with some recovery people and make connections with people who have been there. Don't sink. You are worth it. 
Solid advice here.  Check out this [conference-approved pamphlet](http://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-15_Q&amp;AonSpon.pdf) about sponsorship.  ..If you have the ability to cause your sponsor to drink or not drink you must be his Higher Power.  I am not sure how one sponsors ones HP.
&gt; He also said "you are jeopardizing my sobriety because you aren't going to enough meetings and aren't calling and being honest" He has said this before how I am going to make him "sick" and he will start drinking because of me...OMG what a bunch of fucking bullshit.  Get a new sponsor dude.
Let me weigh in on the "get a new sponsor" side.  This guy is just a guy he is flawed like everybody else.  Problem is his flaws can hurt your sobriety. 
[deleted]
Warning: Non politically correct language follows..Fuck that guy...Seriously that shitface can fuck the hell off......Just because someone thinks they have some recovery doesn't mean they're not still a total crazy loser asshole.....Get a different sponsor and be prepared for this wack job to talk shit it says more about them than it does about you....You stay sober no matter what and watch that butthole's life get a little shittier. Grow a little and maybe one day you might be able to help that damaged piece of garbage. ..That jerk just might relapse over you because he has no self worth and continues to go through life harming others and blaming them for 'making him do it'. ..Fucking shitbags.....
Lol drinking at your sponsor. That'll show him!..Rehab worked for me and he's frustrated because he has expectations of you. You need to figure out what's making you so angry about this is he calling you on your shit? Something unfounded? No posative recognition?.Being honest with yourself is critical find out why this bugs you do much
[deleted]
Thank you everyone for the kind words and advice!..I still have yet to speak to my sponsor I am not expecting an apology from him even though it would be nice...I am not going to let my self drink over this though it's just not worth it...I just hope he learns so he doesn't treat his next sponsee like he has been treating me.
