-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hc8b6/93_days_yay/

Apparently I made it to 90 days. I guess I think I should feel accomplished or that this was all really hard work and blah blah blah. I don't. Maybe getting sober and not drinking this time around has been really easy but there hasn't been a struggle. There also haven't been some of these "amazing" life changes most people always seem to find when they stop drinking. It's just been life as normal no more and no less. I'm starting to think that either most people stop when they get to a much lower rock bottom than I did or that they couldn't see the forest for the trees when they were drunk. Not saying am any different but it's not like I have had a fundamental personality shift or altered world view. I just don't wake up hung over I deal with my problems instead of getting drunk and I live my life. It's simple...Not the best post probably but it's honest.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I just don't wake up hung over I deal with my problems instead of getting drunk and I live my life. It's simple..Not the best post probably but it's honest...Sounds pretty great to me.  Congrats!
You must be having a "Whiteout"... in Alaska that is when the wind and snow is blowing so hard you cant see a foot in front of your face! Sort of kidding around here with that analogy but consider the alternative...maybe try thinking outside the box a little. Proud of you for all your days not drinking! You are an inspiration for us all if that helps put things into a brighter perspective. Complacency can be an issue for a lot of us. Give yourself credit. Make a push to try some new stuff. Thanks for this post. Keep us informed and give yourself a big HUG! You deserve it!
That is a perfect post.  I too have  a simple life and I love it.  No drama's so far since I got sober.  Well done on your 93 days.  \o/
93 days is great congrats!
I'm really happy that you turned this around.  I remember how bummed you were when you relapsed so hooray!  
I too had no burst-of-light experience.  I think that few people do.  I've noticed a few changes for the better in my personality but it has been a slow process.  I came here to get sober I got sober.  That's enough.
