-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2he6ev/every_choice_a_battle/

I'm going strong. .The urges/wants are minimal and bearable. My triggers are incredibly clear my reactions more and more focused. "Alcohol is my six fingered man .... It kills my will power prepare to die!" (Fans anyone?) ;)..To celebrate surviving a challenging month at work my husband (who is supportive and a huge reason I was able to quit drinking in the first place) suggested we dip the toe by doing a wine tasting on the way home this Sunday.  (He is convinced that moderation is the key even for me and admits it would be sad if we never shared wine together again.) I've never had any regrets stemming from or due to a winery trip so I'm not concerned that I'll go overboard that specific day.  I am however terrified that it will mark the beginning of my slippery slope back to "I'll stop at one." All this hard work changing habits reprogramming my brain facing the reality of my problem--- *poof* --- potentially whisked away by a sip of my old frenemy. (All the while the back of my mind harbors the whispering demons of letting my SO down by not trying again.)..Maybe it'll take a relapse for me to accept/truly believe I can't manage moderation but why would I even be willing to risk that?! It's black and white just saying no especially now that I've accepted it--Almost like my own little safety blanket. ..He knows I'm probably going to say we should skip it. Just makes me sad/disappointed/ashamed all over again. Those feelings had started to subside- the rush of self doubt and self loathing really hit hard. And now I'm anxious and stressed thinking ahead to the drive home. Struggling to stay in the today mindset...Anyways just posting to keep myself accountable. Working through the conflict by writing and knowing people like you are out there truly understanding makes all the difference. Thanks for the virtual support. It's a game changer.
----------immediate responses--------

What is the matter with him? It is sad to hear that your husband doesn't understand the  seriousness of the disease of alcoholism. I hope you will choose not to participate in this wine tasting because you are right it is a "slippery slope". ..I hope you have a support group like AA or SMART Recovery. A therapist was a great help to me too. You need and deserve all the support you can get. People who understand are comforting and encouraging. ..Thanks for your post. It sounds like your husband may have his own problem with alcohol since he is so invested in having you drink. He also romanticizes drinking when for some of us it is no longer a romance. ..Take care of yourself!
Every battle is a choice...If you have fixed in your mind where the line should be drawn where alcohol is concerned why are you letting your SO re-draw it to suit his own desires?..You can either fight the battle within yourself and agonize between doing what you believe to be right and what your SO thinks you should want to do.  ..Or you can fight the battle externally and let your SO know in no uncertain terms that the wine tasting event scares you makes you feel like it's the beginning of a slippery slope and is tantamount in your head to throwing away everything you have worked for...If you say your husband is supportive you should be able to say that this particular event at this particular time is a very non-supportive move...Edit - are you sure that your husband is pushing for this 'wine tasting' because he will be disappointed if you don't drink?  or is it possible you are overthinking this and he will be relieved when you tell him to skip?
We all learn from mistakes smart people learn from other people's mistakes.  So no a relapse is totally unnecessary to "learn[ing]" --read my Saturday Share instead.  Don't do what I did.  It can end tragically.
