-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hh7vb/sometimes_my_music_world_and_my_sober_world/

I'm going to see [H2O](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vfC-NTt10Y) tonight and their singer Toby Morse heads [a program](http://www.onelifeonechance.com/mission/history/) that teaches kids about clean and sober lifestyles. ..The show is in a bar and that's ok with me: I'm there for the music and the message. I haven't been going to meetings due to my ridiculously busy schedule and a lull in my depression (yay!) but I've been applying the aphorisms to my life. I really like "take what you like and leave the rest" because I'm apply to apply that in ALL parts of my life. When I go out now I take the pieces of the event that I like and leave the rest. I've been working in a bar since I've been sober so it's possible I've been 'desensitized' but I'm always keeping my guard up against my alcoholic self. ..My drinking dreams persist. Except now I see myself attempting to moderate and my dream self is having an internal monologue about having just one beer and I see myself interact with acquaintances in my life. Having dreams about drinking is one thing but having a dream about mentally appeasing a relapse is frightening. It's kinda like I can't relax regarding my alcoholism because if I do there's a potential for me to relapse. That's what I've learned from the past... Now those thoughts are invading my dreams because I am not articulating those impulses in the real world. Human mind is a trip. ..Continuing to identify as a non-drinker has been helpful. I've even opened up to a few people (co-workers I see a lot some friends) why I stopped but cut it short at "I used to drink but I didn't do it well." Then talk about something else. If I really want to talk about my struggles with drinking and mental health I talk to people who can relate and we discuss the issues together. I feel like less of a burden on the conversation that way and that something productive (I don't think sympathy is productive) comes of the dialogue...Mostly I post here. I really like this community and am really happy to have you guys here. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd say go to more meetings. I was always told to not make excuses. And something that always sticks with me is something I'm told a lot which is if I spent a looottt of my time drinking I have no excuse not to spend a looottt of my time going to meetings. Such as I stayed up late drinking got up early to drink did it after work etc etc. So all that time I did that I should now be at meetings.
I am so happy to see a /u/djamberj post on SD today.  Keep doing what you are doing pal.  
H2O! That's friggin' awesome. I saw them with NFG and Alkaline Trio last year. It was one of the few shows I went to sober when I was drinking and it's great being able to recall all of it 
