-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hi3xa/share_time/

I decided to become sober because I met a girl and who was sober. I felt like I had a problem with alcohol for about two years now and actually called myself an alcoholic for a long time. I thought she would be supportive of my getting sober but she tries to actively stay out of it. I went to an AA meeting on my own and contacted a friend to talk with me about my drinking problem. It was quite emotional. I was sober for almost a month before I relapsed for a week. I can't help but blame her for that relapse. I felt like she didn't want me around her AA friends and meetings. Going to get help was almost like me being a clingy girlfriend. I'm at 5 days now and shes been more supportive this time around but I can't help but still be a little pissed. Also I cannot share things like this at AA meetings because she's been an active member for a while and knows everybody at those meetings. I just had to get that off my chest. I'm happy I can do that here. 
----------immediate responses--------

It feels amazing to be able to share in a safe environment doesn't it? May i recommend writing in a journal? Having somewhere to intellectualize my thoughts has been good for me.
[deleted]
Don't stress out about the relapse just get up and get on with being sober! It happened can't change it now but you can control what you do today. Great job getting sober in the first place! We all know it's not easy...Be careful about blaming others for slips and struggles. There's always someone or something to blame (she's a drinker so I ended up drinking or she's not a drinker but didn't support me or the car broke down and it was raining and the only place within 100 miles was a bar...). There will always be circumstances and challenges and frustrations that COULD lead to drinking. It's up to you to develop a strategy that allows you to get past them...It's awesome that you have a girl who doesn't drink! She's not trying to drag you to bars or bringing bags of liquor home. That's great! I think very few of us are fortunate enough  early in sobriety to have a partner who never drinks. Appreciate her for that!
