-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hmcew/coming_close_to_six_months_now/

My prime motivation to stop was my children. That and some issues with the brain box that are being medicated. A relapse isn't a concern at all. ..I'm just not a happy sober a lot of the time. It's not just the day to day sobriety that is bumming me out ... It's the thought if never getting loaded again. Never getting high. ..It's that old chestnut where I really don't just want a drink or two. I want to get as close to blackout as I can and listen to music ... or take ecstasy and dance and feel connections with random strangers and watch the sun rise. Drinking and drugging again would no doubt kill me. There are many many downsides. But before it got bad it was so very good.  *sigh*..I know these aren't an option for me so they won't happen. But knowing it won't happen doesn't stop the desire.
----------immediate responses--------

Odd. It seems like every time you pass through my brain and I wonder how you're doing you pop up within a day. Glad you don't keep me wondering! ..Just curious....did you get a "high" off of demoing your house? It seems like that would be something while very hard work would pump you full of endorphins. ..Your quandary is one that not only many people in recovery find happens but happens also to those who suffer from various mental disorders who start taking meds to balance them out. Normal doesn't feel normal. That's why so many people relapse or stop taking their meds. Accepting their new reality. See that's the key to going forward UR. Somehow finding that acceptance and embracing it. I feel very fortunate that somehow I was graced with that acceptance at the very beginning of sobriety because I see so many struggling with it long past putting down that last drink/drug. ..Maybe your own spiritual journey is in order. Hell you're in Australia....go on a limited time walkabout. Finding and accepting yourself for you and what your life is now. This moment. Are you still mediating? I know that has been helpful for you so I wondered if you were continuing. ..Be well brother. Sending positive energy your way. ((Hugs))
&gt;It's the thought if never getting loaded again. Never getting high...Not an uncommon feeling at this time.  Accept them deal with them and let them go.  Then move on to something productive like those kiddos of yours...Keep it up...you are doing great.
I can totally relate even though I'm very new to sobriety. Drinking let me feel alive in my mind. I had real emotions real connections real blah blah but even 17 days later I'm realizing that wasn't true. Sure I opened up more but I didn't remember the experience and it didn't resonate with me past those nights...It seems like drinking seriously stunted my emotional growth and I have to learn to be brave again. Drinking takes away the fear in some ways but that fear is good and something worth overcoming. My happiest moments as a kid are of times I was scared shitless but did it anyway - piano performances tennis matches class presentations. I think they made me grow...Do you think that these experiences helped you grow or were just temporary fun that disappeared immediately? Looking beyond the "fun" aspect of it what are your thoughts?..Do you have any hobbies? What are your passions? What do you do in your free time?..I can't wait to make it to 174 days. You are doing awesome and thank you for sharing your thoughts. 
&gt;I want to...listen to music ... or...dance and feel connections with random strangers and watch the sun rise. ..It's amazing how many things you can still do when you take out the alcohol and drugs. Alcohol neither makes those things possible nor adds to them. That is all just a load of BS we've been taught to believe.
Are your children happy you stopped?  Nobody is happy all the time!  ..&gt;It's the thought if never getting loaded again...I can go out and get loaded any time I want to.  I choose not to!  The consequences of me getting loaded are pretty grim thankfully I don't want to either.  I wont drink today tomorrow Who Knows! ..
Time flies urb--nice to see the progress and thanks for the honesty (something I've always liked about you). ..I had spent so much time using the old quick-fix tools for feeling good or connected that I was dumbfounded as to how recovering alcoholics and non-drinkers could feel good enough and connected enough to stay sober long term. Not drinking forced me to come up with "new" and natural ways to feel alive. I'm not done looking but I have managed to come up with enough ways to keep me deciding in favor of maintaining my sobriety each morning.
I always enjoy your posts. It's funny how some members of SD really stick in my mind. It's nice to check in on a Sunday and see my friends still going strong. Keep it /u/urbanrunner I'm fast walking right behind you :)
