-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hry65/closing_in_on_a_week/

It's currently 5:37am here on my 7th day and in a few hours the day will begin and responsibilities will show themselves.  Here's just a rambling of a man on a mission and a small journal of sorts for anyone who cares to read it...Yesterday while I had no urge to drink I found myself extremely agitated at the slightest of things as well as very drowsy from the Librium I'm taking to manage the withdrawals...I slept.  A lot...My SO had planned to stay the night and turns out she had a really rough day at her new job; a customer yelling at her for practically an hour straight.  This in combination with side effects (mostly tremors) from a medication she is on and countless other stressors in her life it was all definitely taking it's toll...We both needed to relax.  So you know what I did?..I laid out an assortment of our favorite comfort foods.  Oreos Sour Patch Kids Ben & Jerry's Half Baked ice cream Baby Ruths and this new vanilla soda we found that's delicious...And we chilled in my bed and watched a movie - we decided to just take a chance and pick something neither of us knew anything about.  It went well but before long we were both lying down cuddling in good spirits...Since I slept for so long I just got up now to write this but with her tremors she's still in bed attempting to sleep which she has had very little of.  I truly wish I could help her there.  ..Fortunately the tremors aren't a serious side effect of her medication (which has helped her tremendously in certain aspects) but I've urged her to see her doctor sooner than scheduled to help figure out a solution...I'm amazed by her positivity and I know she is proud of me too...After today I will have not had a single drop of alcohol for over a week.  I couldn't possibly articulate how good that feels.  While I'm taking things one day at a time - I picture myself at that one month that six month that one year period and more...I'm watching that counter in my flair here grow and through the struggles I face as time goes on my smile grows with it...
----------immediate responses--------

This is such a lovely post :) How thoughtful of you laying out the feast and keeping cozy together. I hope your lady gets some relief from those side effects it sounds like she needs a rest. ..Congratulations on this milestone you have coming up. It's no small feat. 
Keep on keeping on... sounds like a nice relaxing day... We tried to complete choirs around the house as our 11 year old daughter and her Friends messed things up... Then the granddaughter and her dad show up and it turns in to a madhouse!! totally crazy... So i am a little jealous of your serene day but i would never trade our insane Sundays for anything!!! Oh yea and we all had home made beef stew together before everyone went home...
Great post /u/itsumoshinka -- keep doing what you are doing.
Well done! 
Awesome job!  I'm on my 8th day of sobriety and the change in me is amazing.  I am quite irritable and have been for the last couple of days but I'm praying that will pass.  I'm eating ALL the comfort foods.  I'll worry about my diet later.  This first month is all about recovery!
Congrats on six days!  Well done.
Thank you all!..I've made it past the week point and it feels amazing!..Yesterday I couldn't help but notice just how much more energy I had at work and everything in general has just been more positive.  I know all days/weeks won't be so easy but you certainly have to appreciate when they are. :)
