-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2htdk5/nearing_six_monthspersonal/

Hello /r/stopdrinking!  I haven't been active much recently but I still read all your posts every day.  Got a day off and bored felt like a good time to contribute..I had court this morning for the DUI which solidified my presence here on April 4th.  Should be driving again soon.  Still finalizing the terms of probation which will include three days in jail as it was my second offense.  Not too worried about doing the jail time anymore just ready for it to be over and move on.  ..I am truly grateful for getting caught (even though it was in my driveway after my soon-to-be-ex-wife called the cops on me).  I am battling the dissonance of being grateful for the DUI because it was the catalyst for change yet being bitter about the financial costs that could have been avoided.  It also made the ongoing divorce and custody proceedings much more difficult and costly as my behavior during the arrest showed me to be an unfit father and culpable husband...All that being said I needed a DUI.  I needed to spend time in jail.  I needed to read that report and see myself not thorough the eyes of a careless drunk but through the eyes of all those around me.  That person seemed normal to me then.  I defended his actions and dismissed the warning signs.  I honestly don't know how I survived so long in such an inebriated state.  If I was at work I was hungover.  If I was not at work I was drinking.  I guess after a few decades I got pretty good at being a barely functioning alcoholic...Fast forward to today.  Work is a breeze.  Challenges that used to seem insurmountable I now take in stride; affecting those things I can and letting go of worries over which I have no control.  After seven years at the same job I'm finally lined up for a promotion after being passed over twice in the past two years.  Not a coincidence...Physical and mental well-being is higher than at any other time of my adult life.  Self-confidence and social awareness are slowly returning.  I am no longer shy or embarrassed to meet new people.  ..Thoughts of relapse drinking dreams white knuckle moments?  Yea sometimes but less frequently now and they are not as severe.  I KNOW these thoughts will pop in my head and I also know that they will pass.  AA was a huge part of my very early sobriety doing 3-5 meeting per week in the first couple months.  The support and wisdom of the people there have readied me for the lifelong journey of recovery...This sub has given me the tools to get through tough times on a day to day basis.  The stories and responses have already played out every tough situation and resolution that I've had.  That stupid little badge has also saved my ass a few times as I was afraid of having to reset it.  .I haven't been to a meeting in months though I hold no resentment towards AA and I'm glad they're available if I ever decide to reach out.  ..What worked for me?  Exercise.  I know I don't have to justify a higher power to anyone but it still seems silly.  I was very athletic in my youth until I found alcohol and drugs in high school.  I am so thankful that I have this background and I'm rediscovering the joy that come with physically challenging myself.  Distance and speed are my new drugs of choice.  The pavement is my new watering hole and now when I pass out at the end of a hard day it's for all the right reasons...Still working on a long-term plan as decades of drinking behavior is not as easy to change as the physical characteristics. Thanks for taking the time to read.  Not sure what the point was anymore but was inspired by /u/greatmainewoods post about his higher power and thought I'd share...Where do we go from here?..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for taking the time and effort to write this.  I enjoyed it.
Mr. Platypus you could be describing me except for the ex-wife part. My last drink was the night I got my DUI and spent the night in jail. I needed that. I used to think I was invincible. I remember telling myself that I would get a DUI if I kept at it but I never stopped; it's like I needed that wake-up call to finally get the messag
oh there you are. Grats buddy :)
I really like this update. Congratulations on all of the good work. 
