-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hwkgm/day_2/

It's day 2. I feel so much anxiety and shame. I've been in and out of heavy drinking for the past five years and the last year has been intense. Daily 36??? drinks which is too much for a small woman who doesn't eat enough. I have a toddler who I love with all my heart I work hard. My marriage is struggling and my soul feels drowned. This is as bad as I want it to get. So I  didn't drink yesterday I won't today. I cried for the first time in months last night. Moved by a book. Half shocked to be moved by anything but fear. Maybe that means I'm still here and that there's hope I can put my feet back on the ground and feel my life again. I feel so much shame at all times writing this. I haven't even told my husband that I'm trying to stop for fear of failing again. Reading your stories has been nice helped me fall asleep. What now?
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!..From personal experience and reading here anxiety and shame are normal feelings early on after stopping drinking but it gets better...There are many things you can do to help you stay stopped.  Meetings (AA Smart) therapy posting and reading here.  Personally I have found that reading as much as I could here especially early on as well as posting to get thoughts out and for accountability to be extremely helpful.  I also got back to exercising every day meditating and setting goals helpful.  The key for me is to have things I love to do when not drinking and knowing that drinking will not allow me to do them...
Welcome... Next? AA maybe? FYI if you look you can find womens meetings. Wishing you well... GI.
When I quit in the beginning I was an emotional mess.  If I saw a flower I would cry.  I was a mess.  It takes time but things settle down after a while.  Stick with it and  things will steadily improve.   Good luck.
[deleted]
Hello! I too felt guilt and shame. Learning about the disease of alcoholism helped me  understand and accept that I'm a good person with a bad disease. The book *Under the Influence* by Ketcham and Milam helped me immensely. ..Staying sober alone would have been impossible for me. I needed support and guidance from experts and found it with a therapist and AA. One hour one morning one day at a time is how I did it...You're not alone. There's hope...."What now?"                                .Get help.
Welcome /u/Wakingupagain to /r/stopdrinking -- so this [link has a post that spells out in some detail some preliminary actions you can take to begin to stop drinking and get sober.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gg9tp/where_to_start_stopping_the_baby_steps/)  Just focus on moving the feet.
Do it again tomorrow.  May not feel like it but you are doing great..For me hearing other people in the same situation talk about their experience strength and hope made all the difference...Last thing I tried first thing that worked: AA..The price is right the commitment low and the people nice.
[deleted]
Welcome /u/Wakingupagain and thank you for posting...Hopefully my experience can help or at least provide you with some comfort.  The first couple of days can be especially tough physically and mentally.  It takes some time for the body to physically rid itself of alcohol.  ..It's normal for the feelings of shame and despair to come in to play.  They were often triggers for me to pick up the bottle again in order to make them disappear albeit temporarily.  I too remember crying at silly things like commercials radio ads etc..  This was because I was feeling things again and was not used to it...Look for some additional support.  Reaching out to this SubReddit is a great first step.  There are other things out there - AA SMART etc..  For me this was a source of help and comfort:..http://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/en_bigbook_chapt3.pdf..I had a lot of stops and starts when I first really tried to quit.  What helped me was truly understanding and believing that I was powerless against alcohol.  Someone told me that I needed to submit but I didn't know what that meant.  For a long time I knew that I couldn't stop drinking but once I realized that I was powerless against it something clicked and I gave up the fight.  It was as tremendous relief when that happened.  ..It's been said that to submit is to join the winning side.  Runs counter to how most of us were raised and what is idolized in our culture but there is power in submitting to the concept that one is no match for alcohol and must avoid it in order to be free.. 
