-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hzrv1/finally_hit_the_bottom/

I have been struggling with this for years. Earlier this year I completed intensive outpatient therapy and had been seeing a substance abuse counselor. I had neglected to go to meetings and just kept putting it off. About once a month would drink and something in my head knew I needed to do more but I didn't. I had secured a license after roughly 13 years of not having one. I scored the job of my dreams working out of town. This past weekend I was charged with felony dwi in the company vehicle. I am facing state prison I lost my job immediately I probably won't have a license ever again. I have to come up with a large sum of money immediately and the worst part is this. My mother is battling cancer and very well could be gone while I am in jail if it goes that way. My family has been nothing but supportive and loving the whole time and i ruined everything for no reason. I don't even know where to begin I have not been able to do much but attempt sleep . I am staying at my mother's house with my family because I dread sitting home alone 45 minutes away in my apartment. I know I should go to a meeting before anything else but I just feel like I can't face anyone right now. I had everything I thought I wanted in life headed my way and i blew it because I was to scared or lazy to fix it properly. Everyone was so proud. This is not how I wanted my family to remember me. Thanks for your time. Please get the help you all need I always wondered about the proverbial rock bottom and now I get it. I knew this problem is progressive and everyone was right. I know they say you can only go up from here but I don't see how I can make anything of a decent life after ruining so much at once.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you /u/faildata -- grab a badge off the sidebar and join us on our SOBER journey.  
You sound young-ish which mean you still have a whole life ahead of you if you stop drinking NOW.  I understand you are in a difficult spot to face your fears but time heals all things (almost)...Good luck!  Look forward.  Start Now!
I feel terrible for you I know well the feeling of being a disappointment to everyone around me after years of constant failure. It's not to late. In my first 6 months nothing was going well objectively it was worse then things took a corner and I was able to turn what could have been the worst experience of my life into the best thing that has ever happened to me and to many others. I never thought what I have would be possible. ..This post last night is a good example of what is possible if we just keep moving...I was homeless sleeping in public restrooms. Drinking mouthwash...Today I have 4 years Sober. .http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hxwhh/i_was_homeless_sleeping_in_public_restrooms/
Hi there. I can't imagine what you are going through and I wish your mother all the best during this time. You can surely agree that the drinking has to stop right? Drinking because of a shitty situation doesn't it make it go away and usually just makes it worse. I know you know that obviously...I recently read a book called [How to Stop Worrying and Start Living](http://www.amazon.com/How-Stop-Worrying-Start-Living/dp/0671733354) (pretty famous author and book so you might know it). It says that it's best to evaluate the worst case scenario accept that it is possible and prepare a plan of action for it. If you are prepared for the worst case then you can definitely handle a less severe outcome if you get lucky...We're here to listen. I hope you stay sober today piece together a plan of action tell your mom how much you love her and start building yourself back up. You can do it...Also thank you for reminding me why I needed to quit. I don't have any legal consequences from drinking but I bet it could easily happen if I had kept binge drinking. It's just not worth it.
I got past my DWI after a weekend in jail and a bunch of fines. That was a long long time ago and I've since made my life dramatically better. In the last twelve years I got sober got healthy got my legal issues straight got my finances in order (something I thought I'd NEVER do) went back to school and got two degrees worked my way into a dream job bought a house and am living a life beyond my wildest dreams...I see people all the time who are in your situation. Reach for that prize of sobriety and just stick to the next indicated step. The **fear** of incarceration and of life spiraling out of control will be more damaging than those things themselves and is also the simplest to work on. Take some time to work on your fears and then you'll be able to address the rest of it without getting in your own way...BTW there's no way to completely eliminate fear but we can manage it. Courage is not elimination of fear but action despite fear. 
You made a mistake no doubt about it. You need to move forward and not sit paralyzed by regret. While there may be consequences yet to come from this mistake you can at least face them while doing the best you can. Commit to your sobriety. Go to a meeting and tell your story. Get a sponsor. This event will soon be last month last year ten years ago. The best thing you can do is make those milestones of your sobriety as well. My thoughts are with you and your mother. I hope that she can win her battle with cancer.
It's only rock bottom if you stop digging. 
The fact that you're able to write this means you haven't hit your bottom. You are capable of going much much lower than this.  ..No one needs to hits a bottom. Your bottom is wherever you stop digging. Stop today. You don't wanna find out how deep this thing goes. 
Instead of hiding out and not facing any one (which is an understandable feeling)  find an AA meeting call or look online and GO to it.. Go to one every single day and document that you have.  It's a step toward sanity for you and your life and also an indicator to the court that you are willingly trying to change the direction of your life..
[deleted]
