-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i0hgh/progressing_drinking_dreams/

Four weeks in (including 10 days in rehab) things are going really well. While I haven't started meetings yet the improvements in my health are really keeping me going. For those of you wondering "will it get better?" sleep is at the top of the list followed by my ability to handle stress. I have had three or four drinking dreams prior to last night this one was very different. I made the conscious decision to drink to get drunk and it was very vivid including me cleaning up the evidence and then really powerful guilt about how I had thrown away my progress and needed to start from day 1 again. I woke up in the middle of the night truly glad it wasn't real and right now I have no increased desire to drink. I know drinking dreams are very common I'm just wondering if anyone else ever noticed a progression and if the progression was an early sign that may have lead to relapse...TL;DR: Progressing drinking dreams. Normal or a bad sign?
----------immediate responses--------

It is so normal that someone asks this question every single day. See the post linked  in the FAQ. Good stuff there. 
It's just your brain "firing off". What's the hold-up with meetings? They were recommended when I got out of rehab. I found them very helpful. Maybe your dreams are telling you to get to AA. 
Yeah my drinking dreams 'progressed' right up to me (in the dream) getting twelve-stepped by my AA home group right outside the liquor store.  There I was glass in hand bottle in hand with my home group members surrounding and confronting me in the parking lot.  After I woke up sweating and shaking and realized I was still sober  I told my brain "You can't top that one" and the dreams tapered off.
Weird.   I had a drinking dream last night.  Crushing disappointment in myself.  Total relief when I woke up w/o a hangover...ironically I got arrested in my dream.  Just like real life!..Are you waiting for an invitation to your first AA meeting? ..Here it is.
I was always so happy when I would wake up and realize I was sober. .It helped me desire sobriety so much more because those horrible drunk dreams would've become my reality again if I took even one drink. No way am I gonna let that life happen again!.edit: grammar 
