-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i28a2/alcohol_a_choice_or_a_disease/

So sorry if this post is long and boring but this argument came up between my sister and myself this evening...So as you can tell from my badge I have been clean and sober for 471 days.  I am going to visit my sister in Vegas and have been dreading and postponing it due to......being Vegas and what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas right?  Not to me.  Anyways she wants to go on this new Ferris Wheel they have there with her groupon coupon that allows for all you can drink up there.  Big Red Flag...So I calmly tell her that you do not take an alcoholic to this type of function let alone push a groupon ticket that allows them all you can drink.  Her response "alcohol is a choice you can put it down whenever you want."  This from the woman who has never been addicted to anything in her life except for overcharging her credit cards...She does not know the struggles that I have been thru the DT's the situations I have purposely avoided including coming to visit her to stay away from alcohol.  My struggles are all that I could have overcome if I just put down the drink in her words.  I was at a loss for words.  Is the mind a powerful enough tool to force yourself cold turkey to stop?  ..In my mind alcoholism does not start out as a disease but an escape and as soon as you get used to that numb feeling that feeling of "I AM SPARTACUS" but only when your drunk thats when your hooked and switches over to being a disease that your brain is now used to...I have been a long time lurker and never posted to this forum but please I would like any insight on this.  Am I blowing this way out of proportion?  Should I be worried about this trip?  Am I wrong in my conclusions?..TL;DR  To me Vegas trip = bad to my sister Vegas Trip = be a stronger man
----------immediate responses--------

She's entitled to her opinions and you are entitled to your decisions. If you choose not to drink then it makes sense that you would be less inclined to visit places where the main focus is drinking. I don't know if that is the case here but if an event with an open bar makes you uncomfortable than you're smart to want to avoid it in my opinion. It's unfortunate that she doesn't understand. My only advice would be whatever you choose to do don't allow yourself to get too caught up in the idea of changing her mind or making her see things your way. That usually doesn't work out well for me. Just do what you gotta do to take care of yourself. Maybe she'll come around and maybe she won't but you'll be safe and sober and with that all good things become much more possible. 
Ask her to attend a couple open AA meetings gave my parents an eye opening education since we don't have alcoholism in my family. /r/ALANON would be good for her to check out. 
I agree with u/PowersUser. The people who really want you to drink with them generally have problems of their own with alcohol. Maybe not to the extent of being an alcoholic but still. ..In my opinion you are being a stronger man by not drinking at all. Keep it up and continue the path you're on. With 472 days under the belt you're an inspiration for people like me who've only started. 
I'm a huge fan of debate and intellectual discourse but at the end of the day does it matter if it's a disease or not one? I think the thing that we all can relate to is that when we drink it causes huge problems in our lives and it seems impossible to moderate or stop. At a certain point the consequences are more important than the why. I know I'm very new to sobriety but I've seen friends and family struggle with addiction so have thought about this for years and while this question is something really interesting to discuss maybe it's not the most important thing to think about...You probably won't change your sister's mind no matter what you say so I would focus on maintaining your health and sobriety. In this case it sounds smart not to debate her but to tell her that you won't be drinking at all and she can take that however she needs to but that's the situation.
Don't do it.
There's a "[purely mental](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1cn42s/some_thoughts_on_allen_carrs_stop_drinking_book/)" aspect that drives the obsession.
Definitely a disease as most clearly seen by how large of a percent of native Americans get it and seen by how much of a hereditary disposition we have. ..Two grandparents had it one parent half my siblings... and sadly I do too. I don't want to be one I wish I could moderate but I just don't and cant once I start. Its deep in my veins I feel it. Really chemical dependency and addiction in general but especially alcohol that is the one I cannot moderate even a little. ..I would and could totally go to that Farris wheel thing so long as youre not charged for booze myself now that I have accepted I just can't ever have another sip nor would I want to. However I actually wouldn't go because super drunk people are stupid and annoying when you are sober being surrounded by essentially small children doesn't sound fun at all. ..I'd go to Vegas and just try to score some pot personally. Ive got an uncanny knack for finding drugs anywhere though maybe not so much now actually I used to have long hippy hair. Bet I could still find some though. The point is you don't have to drink there and can still have a blast and if you are sincerely worried you will cave then I wouldn't go if I were you. ..Personally I would love to go to Vegas and just try to score some pot or psychadellics and not care if I don't find any and either way just smoke fat cigars and buzz like a motherfucker on nicotine because I am a nonsmoker. However if I was worried I would drink I wouldn't go seriously especially with that many days under your belt man seriously don't fuck it up for one fun weekend.  If this weekend is ok to drink I am sure you can find an excuse for next weekend. .. 
