-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i47vk/i_believe_i_made_it_for_good/

One year sober huh. I doubt anyone here even remembers me I've only really been active here in the beginning and I haven't posted in over 7 months. It's also been at least that long since I've been to an AA meeting...I fell into another bout of depression early this year. After the good news of graduating top of my class and finally having something that's comparable to what Americans call a degree (although not university level) I struggled to find a job probably because of my terrible resume...It took me eight months. Eight months of job applications. Not a single interview in the first six. Those were insanely difficult eight months. I was under pressure all day every day. I pondered suicide again. I felt worthless. I struggled to even do basic chores and leave the house after a while...I've battled depression since my teen years and this was no different; when in a bout of it I have trouble staying in touch with people and this included AA and /r/stopdrinking. I stick to myself feeling ashamed for being a failure...After 6 months I went to find help. Not therapy but I asked the government unemployment agency for help with my job applications. Some form of course or training. And I got it. This course also prepared me for job interviews. Suddenly things started to change. After a few weeks I had my first job interview. I felt that my life was starting to change it was unreal. I cut my hair short; it had been growing for 14 years (I'm male)...A few weeks later I signed my first job contract after graduating...During my first couple of work days SO much pressure just fell off me like a wet bag of sand. That was a month ago. I hardly recognize myself. The image I've had of myself for a long long time will certainly need a lot more time to adapt to reality. I feel like the same person I've always been yet by every objective account I've been changing slowly but surely into someone better...I am hesitant to say "...and it's all because I quit drinking!" but the timeframe does fit. I quit before all the final exams leading up to top grades on my degree. Yes it was followed by 6 months of going downhill but in the end I did manage to go look for help and make the best possible use of the help I got. And now with the new job I've reached the biggest milestone of my life. I'm at the very beginning but I never want to go back to the person I once was. I have a long way to go but I can no longer deny that something big is happening in my life...I doubt that quitting alcohol was the sole reason for where I am now but I do know that none of it would have been possible if I was still drinking...---..So that's my story. Here's a few tidbits of info regarding my alcoholism and how I experience it today:..I have decided to not go to AA anymore and I have decided to not be active here anymore either (save for maybe the occasional visit). The reason is that alcohol plays no role in my life anymore. Bringing it up all the time would be counter-productive to me at this point. I am not judging anyone who handles it differently all I ask is that you don't judge me either...I believe I have found my way and it means that I do everything I used to do including being in social situations where people drink. I stopped avoiding those. I just don't drink myself. And so far not a single person has ever tried to pressure me to drink not even people who don't know that I'm an alcoholic. But I know that if anyone ever did I'm prepared for it...What I am sorry for is that my being absent here and from AA means that I'm not going to be of any real help to other alcoholics but it is necessary for me to stick to it I believe. I'm sorry if that sounds selfish...Even in those 7+ months without AA or /r/stopdrinking my thought process has never loosened up like "maybe a drink wouldn't hurt". Quite the opposite actually. The more time passed the more the thought of drinking has turned into "oh man drinking now would ruin everything". Thinking of how much it would ruin my life has allowed me to stay sober even on my darkest days of depression (during the unsuccessful job hunt)...It's been a very long time since it was "one day at a time" for me. I don't even think of alcohol most days. Whenever I realize that I am grateful...To end on a light note - I can't even remember the last time I actually craved a drink...---..Even though you will probably not hear a lot from me anymore after this thread dies I hope that maybe this helps someone out there making it another day. Hearing "it gets better" during my first days and weeks of sobriety actually annoyed me a little bit because it often felt like empty words at the time. And after getting a little better at first it got a whole lot worse later - *but that had absolutely nothing to do with being sober.* Plus even after being really bad it has finally gotten not only better but A LOT better...My next project is going to be losing weight - I actually gained some even after getting sober ;) But I'm not beating myself up about it and within the next few months I will go take a shot at this next project...Take care everyone. You probably don't know me but I love you. If I hadn't found this place when I was at my lowest my rock bottom I would most likely still be drinking and my life would be different in the worst ways. For that you will have my eternal gratitude /r/stopdrinking.
----------immediate responses--------

My new favourite phrase is "The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reel."..I knew that phrase way before I even quit drinking but now I know that I never even understood the meaning behind it. I have stopped being ashamed for how my first six months of 2014 went even though I certainly haven't always done everything I could've done while hunting for a job. I could've written more applications. I could've sought help much earlier...That's my behind the scenes. The highlight reel everyone sees is "He found a job after hunting for 8 months. Yay!"..The only one judging me in a negative way here is myself. Sorry... *was*. :-)
Thank You for a farewell story...Best Wishes to you on your journey..Take Care
I **DO** remember you AF!  I love it when someone who seemed to have dropped off comes back with a success story.  While I'm an eternal optimist I am also a realist and know the odds of kicking this thing are not in our favor.  So YAY!!!!! ..Thank you for sharing your story of your journey thus far and I was inspired by it.  You didn't give up and you kept striving for greatness. You are going to go amazing places I have no doubt.  I understand your need to separate yourself from AA and SD I really do and I really related to the "oh man drinking now would ruin everything" thought.  It's great that you have achieved that level in your life...Congrats on your year and thanks for being a part of SD if only for a short amount of time!!!  :-)
Congratulations /u/almost_functional--a year is an important milestone.  Good luck on your future endeavors.
One year sober AND it is your cake day.  ..I wish you the best.  I hope moving on alone works well for you.  If not we'll be here and be supportive.  ..Congrats on hitting 365!
Yahoo for one year. Be careful and safe. 
Congrats! Thanks for this.. &gt; including being in social situations where people drink. I stopped avoiding those. I just don't drink myself...hearing this really helps I keep getting this feeling that I will never have fun again and will never go out again if I never drink...I'm only on day 2 and already got my first invitation to drink with a friend. I'm feeling pretty bored and upset that I had to turn them down...and it's like it hit me this is going to be harder than I thought. But reading posts here always helps!.. 
Good luck and report back every once in a while. 
Congratulations on one year!
So you're an alcoholic?
