-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2i64ph/is_the_never_again_mentality_harmful/

tl;dr - taking it one day at a time isn't some cliche saying...Due to my living situation and job as well as AA meetings I've met over 200 addicts in the last 2 years. One thing that seems to be a common trend is that the ones who swear they are done and will never use again usually end up relapsing. I think I'm working with a pretty decent sample size to make that claim...I'm of the mentality that I might drink again. So many people have relapsed after years even decades of sobriety. To say you will never drink again is to claim to know an unknowable. By saying I can and could drink again I have to make a choice everyday. ..Each day when I make the choice to drink or not drink again I can weigh the list of benefits of drinking vs not drinking. As each week or month passes my list of benefits for staying sober keeps getting longer. The choice becomes much easier to make...I guess the point I'm getting at is the cliche "take it one day at a time" really is powerful. I just felt like I needed to hash it out again and thought I would share my thought process.
----------immediate responses--------

The way I look at it is this:  the only way to never drink again is to take it one day at a time so why worry about words like "never again" in the first place?  Especially if it causes undue anxiety...In my case I definitely do not *want* to ever drink again but I'm not focused on the long view.  The only way to hike a trail is to take each individual step.
Yes I agree.  I didn't when I first quit drinking I found that it made more sense to say "I will never drink again" because I thought it gave me power or something.  Now I am of the thought...take one day at a time even one moment at a time.  Not that I focus on that decision every moment but if the thought of drinking comes up I take it one moment at a time.  I think that it has made me less stressed about the whole thing.  ..A "moment at a time" also coincides with a book I'm reading...Power of Now.  Have you read it?  
[deleted]
For me it's usually "never again". It feels more permanent and I like that. A permanent part of my personality: a non-drinker. ..That being said on the very rare day when a drink sounds kind of good I will switch to "one day at a time" thinking and just focus on getting through the day telling myself I can drink tomorrow if I want but not today. By the time the next day rolls around that craving is most likely gone. If it's not gone I just repeat the cycle of delaying it. So I do find ODAAT a good tool to use when I need it. But in my day-to-day life I'm ok with "never again".
I would submit it's harmful for a different reason. If ever you do relapse (as I did) it makes it so hard to go in to the rooms and face everybody. 
Is it a choice?
