-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ia27z/interesting_night_in_the_er/

Hey all--I've been a lurker for almost a year and have been in the IRC chat now and then as 'wolfy'. On November 1 of this year I will have one year of sobriety. Yay! I can't believe it's just around the corner.....Anyways I had an interesting night last night and wanted to share. I went to the ER for intense stomach pains (I'm feeling a lot better today) and being that it was a Friday night in the ER there were a lot of interesting people there. Of course going to the ER (in America at least) requires lots and lots of waiting. Most of the time my door was cracked open and I could hear the background noises of the hospital. ..There were a few people in beds in the hallway outside my room who were there for detox/alcohol poisoning or something like that. I would overhear the nurses and doctors talking about their blood alcohol levels which were sky high. There was one man who would occasionally wake up and just start yelling GET ME OUT OF HERE! GET ME OOOOUUUUT--very disturbing to hear. The woman next to him was given drugs to help with the beginning stages of her withdrawals before they moved her to another location to continue her treatment...My heart went out to those people. As I lay there listening to all of that I flashed back to my own dark days of struggling with drinking. I never ended up in the ER myself for alcohol-related things but looking back I can see a number of times where I probably should have gone (out of fear of dehydration/alcohol poisoning) or where I would have been forced to go (injuries from fights driving drunk etc.). When the nurse asked me last night if I drank alcohol I said no I don't. She said 'not even occasionally?' and I replied 'no I actually quit completely almost a year ago'. It felt so good to say that...I really hope that the people I heard in the hallway can use that rock-bottom night in the ER as a wake-up call and continue to seek help. At the same time I was very thankful to be on the other side of that door in the ER for something completely unrelated to my former dark days of drinking. Change is possible and change is real. This moment really solidified something for me--I am not the same person I was a year ago. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah that's one circus I don't have to go to any more.  Congrats on your time..
Almost a year! That's brilliant. It's good to hear from people who are doing it. 
Hey soberwolfy badge up! It's incredibly satisfying to see the numbers climb. Congrats on the year.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks for that. Going to do my best to be in the same place in a year. Congrats and keep it up!
Thanks for sharing this. I never went to the ER either but I probably should have a few times. Scary. 
Thanks for  the post.  It reminds me of years ago when I worked at a hospital with a level 1 trauma unit.  I was working in the cancer surgery clinic at the time and became friends with one of the nurses who was a superb nurse clinically and in her empathy in caring for patients.  She was very kind interpersonally as well.  I knew she had previously been the nurse manager for the ER and had moved over to the oncology side...One day I remarked that I was going to donate blood.  Her face got this hard look and in an angry tone she said "I never donate blood because I know who gets it."  I was really shocked at this very uncharacteristic comment and she explained that it's usually drunks and addicts -with lots of gang bangers sprinkled in there- who receive the blood units and many of them come back through the ER over and over again...It really threw me that someone I knew to be a genuinely caring and talented nurse would feel so pissed and disgusted with us- at the time she didn't know I was sober though I did tell her later on.  I realize she was burnt out which was why she left the ER in the first place but it also gave me a glimpse of what it's like and what it does to people to deal with us on the front lines every day.
This post deserves more up votes thanks for that op! ..On the matter of celebrating time spent sober and actually ALL things to do with getting sober.. Fuck it if it works for you don't fight it don't worry about what the old boys of AA are going to tell you one day at a time is the only way I can tackle this problem because my mind can not comprehend what's going to happen in a years time but there's nothing wrong with having a little pride either! If you've worked your atse off to over come or actively work through an addiction no miserable prick can EVER tell you how or when to be proud of it! Fuck that noise!..I'm 130 days sober and I'll count it and brag about it for as long as I want! Lol..But for anyone with a week under their belt or less one day at a time is probably crucially important I know myself at the end of just 1 week it felt like a lifetime and I think that's why the *one day at a time* philosophy is golden one for many people ^but ^not ^everyone!
