-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2icxgz/finally_ready_to_quit/

Hi everyone..First I have never used Reddit and am kind of a Luddite generally so please forgive me if I mess up this first attempt to post something.  And feel free to give tips and/or criticism!..For the past two months or so I've been lurking here reading all of your thoughtful discussions and supportive comments while I debated whether or not I had a problem and weighed the pros and cons of cutting back quitting etc.  Well this morning after a night of getting black-out-throw-up drunk I decided that I just have to take the plunge already.  And I'm scared.  Scared both of failing and of succeeding (what will life be like without alcohol?).  I'm here because I want support I want to track my progress and I want to be sort of held accountable.  And I want to be there to cheer on others who are struggling as well.  Our stories are all different but we're fighting the same battle...and I know I can't do it alone...Here's my background and I'll try to keep it short: I discovered alcohol when I was 19 and found a miraculous cure for my crippling social anxiety and low self-esteem.  It was fantastic.  I went from being awkward and withdrawn to being fun and witty finally able to for example go to a concert and actually dance or go to a party and casually strike up a conversation with a stranger.  For the first few years it was all well and good - I knew I used alcohol as a crutch but I was a light to moderate drinker who rarely ever got actually drunk.  So I didn't see it as a problem...I don't know what changed but as time passed my drinking started to take me to darker and darker places.  I couldn't just have two glasses of wine to "enhance" the party - I'd go to the party with only the wine on my mind - everything else was secondary - and I lost the ability to stop.  I can go several days without a drink but once I start I'm done - drinking is all I will be doing that night and I'll keep at it till I black out throw up or pass out (or all three).  When I'm drinking I'm no longer interesting or funny - I hear myself repeating the same old lines I've said a thousand times.  I bore and embarrass myself and usually have to apologize to at least one person the next day for something I said.  The worst part is that this inevitable feeling of shame and disgust apparently isn't enough to stop me and I gladly choose it every time over feeling sober and awkward in the moment...I should add that my drinking isn't strictly social anymore either.  I drink at home at night by myself and have been doing that regularly for a few years now.  I'm a very "functional" drinker - never been in trouble with the law and I have a solid education a good job and a great boyfriend and all sorts of interests and hobbies that keep me occupied during the day.  But it's like come 8 or 9 o'clock it's just TIME and I open the bottle...next thing I know I'm waking up dizzy thirsty exhausted with an irregular heartbeat and a mysterious bruise or two.  When I try to stop or cut back I'm at a complete loss...like all my passions and interests run out at 8 o'clock and all I can think about is drinking...Anyway now that I've rambled quite enough about the dull details of my problem I'll just say that - FINALLY - I'm ready to be done.  Alcohol gives me fewer and fewer good times and more and more dark terrible memories (or lack thereof!).  I don't want this anymore.  Everything else in my life is going so well but I realize that I am slowly sabotaging it jeopardizing my health (I am still in my twenties but was recently diagnosed with atrial fibrillation) and my relationships.  I don't know if I will ever be able to be a responsible drinker (I'd like to be one day) but for now my goal is to get through the holidays and into 2015 totally sober.  Right now even the thought of that is overwhelming but I want it so so bad...Finally I want to thank everyone who participates in this community because reading your stories and your advice these past few months has hugely contributed to my resolve to tackle this issue.  THANK YOU!  And good luck to all of you...(Sorry this was so long!)
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! There are a lot of us here that have stories similar to yours. Grab a badge and get to quittin'. :)
You're making a great call - you can save yourself years of misery by quitting young! 
Kudos for this wise decision to end your relationship with alcohol. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. What helped me was therapy and AA. Stay in touch.
Welcome /u/lived_in_bars to /r/stopdrinking -- at this [link you will find a post called the Baby Steps which summarizes what a lot of us did to start stopping.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck.
