-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2idfp9/i_need_a_badge_reset_i_fell_off_hard/

I was doing so well. I thought I had things under control and then Boom. I relapsed hard. I don't remember hardly anything about yesterday evening. My wife was so hopeful. My daughter saw me drunk. It was pitiful. My father is so concerned and upset about me. I hate myself...My wife has had it... (Rightfully so) I don't know what is going to happen. I'm at work right now and can't stand being in my own skin. .I feel that I have totally lost control but there is no way that I can ever drink again.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I thought I had things under control ..This is always a dangerous sign where alcoholism is concerned. Sounds like you could use more support. There's more to getting well than simply not drinking. What helped me was therapy and AA. Glad you're back. 
Welcome back  ..Now you know.  What are you going to do differently?
Your sober now.  Just don't drink today after work.  ..&gt;I don't know what is going to happen...You may get another chance people are pretty resilient but they do have a breaking point. I am not sure how you stopped for 55 days (but do it again and reinforce it with a recovery group).  Many make it easier.  Good luck.
What happened? Were you around people drinking? Did you just say "eff it I want to drink" or what? You can pick yourself back up. Your family isn't happy right now but if you take action and explain you are not well then you can salvage this.
The most dangerous place for me when I first tried to get sober was when things started going well.  Started feeling good work got easier relationships less dramatic legal problems less intrusive...that was when I figured I could handle it.  Maybe just one possibly two.  ..When the heat was on every move monitored peeing in a cup...it was a no-brainer not to drink.  But once things started to improve *BAM* alcohol was right there ready to assume it's rightful place in my life. And just like that I was back in the soup.  Drunk hungover on the hot seat.
