-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2if70x/sobriety_in_aa/

Tomorrow morning I will be able to go to a few meetings since I have hit my 30 day mark. Usually I hear people letting others know how they did it. Although I want to be natural and open about how I achieved my 30 days it makes me nervous and I feel like there are so many things I could say that I cannot choose one. I want to help and be inspirational  but I have so many thoughts it feels hard to focus on one or two in regards to how I have managed to make it so far. Are there any ideas to convey a positive messsage verbally? Any hints to help pinpoint some of the struggles as well as a view to express that being sober is the richest thing I have going for me right now...thank you to everyone here.
----------immediate responses--------

Are you speaking? I'm not sure I understand the question.
&gt; being sober is the richest thing I have going for me..I think you've got this. Just do what you're doing here--speaking from the heart in your own words. ..I'd like to hear more. What have been your 3 biggest struggles? What are 3 of the things that kept you determined to work on your sobriety? What are 3 of the best things about being sober?
Say what you just said.  Be honest be brief be seated ; )
You can not tell your whole story in the time allotted.  Do not try.  Tell folks you are nervous they can relate...It will come you will leave things out that's ok.  One or two harrowing details of your drinking will usually suffice no need of a catalog...And in reality you are there to talk about your recovery so talk about waking up this morning probably with no shame no dread less fear whatever.  Good luck
Do you just mean in meetings when you share or are you speaking and telling your story? Either way avoid "you" statements. Don't spend a lot of time on how awful drinking was everyone knows war stories. Focus on how you feel today right now. The present is all we have. And keep it brief!
To the person with 2 days you are a sobriety veteran.  ..Just be honest and let them know how it is going for you...Keep it up.
