-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2igbzm/half_a_month_got_honest_over_the_weekend/

So guys 16 days. I've been here before. I won't have anything to really celebrate until Day 31. My longest non-drinking stint was 30 days last time. ..Anyway I surprised my wife with my admission that I have a problem. She's known for a while I could drink a lot but clever me hid all the other times I would drink. She thought I was a weekend drinker but no. I binge. I had my limits I adhered to. No more than 12oz of hard liquor and no more than a six pack when I did drink but there were times when I would go 2-3 days straight sneaking usually whiskey. ..I shared my "hit the bottom" story before. It's not spectacular. I had bought a 24 pack of beer with the intention of taking it to a football party on Saturday. I told myself that I would just have two and wound up drinking half the pack. I got more drunk than I wanted to because I couldn't stop. I went to sleep wrack-brain drunk and got up a few hours later miserable. Went outside puked over the deck and just sat there mumbling to myself that I have to stop this all of it. ..But anyway I took her sat her down and let it all out. I told her showed her my secret place where I would stash my bottles of booze so I could drink it without anyone knowing. That hiding place is busted now. In fact within it was 3/4 full bottle of whiskey. It's gone now. ..I told her I just couldn't do it. I can't 'drink like a gentleman' because if it's in the house I will need to drink it all of it if it's a bottle of wine or beer. I can't even moderate it. I am the type of person where me and alcohol just shouldn't mix anymore...Her family are huge drinkers and she told her mother of my walking away from the drink. She said she would mention it to the others. I guess they are going to keep it away from me when I am there. I will send out a Christmas reminder to please refrain from buying me booze packs like they have in the past. I could get 2-3 bottles of whiskey and maybe a drinking set at Christmas. I was surprised to learn that her father has gone through trying to quit several times throughout his life but he's always returned...I want to really make a good attempt this time. All my others have been half-hearted and futile attempts to prove I had no problems with alcohol. ..I have a concert I am going to Friday. It's one of my friend's birthday. I expect him to get smashed. I told him I wouldn't be drinking I would be his designated driver. I got some good natured ribbing over it but he said he understands because he's seen how I've struggled in the past. ..So there you have it. I will not promise I will never drink again but I will promise that each day I will begin it by saying "No matter how the day goes and what happens throughout I will not drink alcohol."..Hopefully days will become weeks and weeks months and months years...Thanks /r/stopdrinking!
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink TODAY!..
Very positive stuff.   You my end up being an inspiration to your FIL 
Don't drink today no matter what happens throughout. Don't drink Friday no matter how tempting. You're off to a good start seeing those days add up into weeks and soon months. You've got the support of your wife family and friend. What else are you doing?..I could not get through my first few weeks without help. I had many ultimately futile attempts at moderating or reducing my drinking. I too was very good at hiding all my drinking from my wife friends and family. They were supportive but did not understand the grip or the extent of my addiction. I needed help from people who did and it needed to be face-to-face. I found the help in [SMART meetings](http://www.smartrecovery.org) but there are many options. The in-person support was the foundation I could build on with /r/stopdrinking.
That is EXCELLENT progress bro!  ..We are only as sick as our secrets.  You had the courage to speak a difficult truth - trust that part of you where that inspiration came from.  Its through that brand of honesty that we "drop the rock" that holds us down and allows the healing and relief to flow in...Very encouraging!
You rock my man.  It is true to admitting you have a problem is the first step.  Admitting to yourself was probably harder that admitting your problem to your wife.  I too have started the past week as my feed hit the floor in the morning no matter how the day goes I will not drink alcohol today.  Puts a the day in a good perspective before you even get started.  Good job my man.
Keep up the good work! I just tell myself I will not drink today! 
