-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2iiqsj/looking_forward_to_the_relapse/

So it's been a bit over a week and I feel great. Waking up and just having energy is amazing. I feel sharper than ever...Yet I find myself almost looking forward to a future day when I relapse. I look at today / tonight and I know I won't be drinking. I know I won't be drinking tomorrow. But part of my brain wants it and is thinking about / hoping for an eventual relapse...How do you deal with these feelings?
----------immediate responses--------

Hmmmmmm. I get what you mean but I don't share your view. I've resigned myself to the cold hard fact that I don't drink normally and don't get any more chances to try so the thought of a relapse terrifies me.  I don't look forward to it at all.
The longer I have been sober the less that little voice speaks to me. The voice however is quite persuasive at first as it spoke to me in my own voice. Taking it one day at a time helps me deal with shutting that voice down. /u/coolcrosby posts his baby steps which I don't have a link for presently which are quite helpful...Find some support whether here in the IRC chat(which I highly recommend) or SMART/AA. I didn't start going to AA until almost 6 months sober and it's been a welcome addition to my recovery tools...Wishing you the best and congrats on 9 days!!
If I take a second to indulge that voice it summons a kind of romantic drinking situation like being out at a restaurant with friends laughing and having the best time drinking a few beers getting a great night's sleep later and waking up refreshed and on top of the world...Buuuuut...that's not how it would go. I would be taking shots of tequila at home by myself binging on junk food wasting away the night surfing the internet passing out waking up at 3 am parched and nauseated and dragging myself out of bed in the morning guilty and hungover. ..I think what you're feeling is really common. What helps me is to remember that my brain is showing me a commercial for alcohol not reality. Oh and 9 days is awesome by the way!
You can put it on the back shelf.  I like your focus on staying sober today. If you keep that up then "someday" never arrives.
Thanks everyone. Your responses mean a lot.
In AA meetings we talk about "thinking the drink through". I assume you didn't stop because thing were going well.  Alcoholism is progressive. 
By drinking again....I did it twice. I'm not talking about drinking for a month or a year. I decided I could no longer pay the consequences of drinking and quit once for three years and once for six years. In between I drank for eight years and then again for four...This time when I quit I treated what I believe is alcoholism. I could no longer pretend like everything just got a little out of hand and it will be alright if I just take a break. I could no longer pretend that I was strong enough or smart enough to stay sober on my own. Every determined fiber of my brilliant intellect and iron-clad will had crumbled and failed when the bell of alcoholic obsession had rung in my ears at the age of 38. Four years later I ended up in AA seeking a solution to my problems like I never had before because I **knew** to do otherwise meant that I would die and it would be ugly...Ahh but you're not frightened by scary stories and you're smarter than me and you've got will power to spare *right*? ..You'll succeed where I've failed *won't you*?..Maybe you'll figure out how to drink in a *controlled fashion*?..Well good luck with that...I had to go to AA find out what it meant to be an alcoholic and determine what I had to do about it to save my life and then do it.
Is it weird that I didn't (and don't) have any romantic memories of drinking to dwell upon?  I guess my triggers were to continue to escape all of the shit I had been drinking to try to escape (and I am hardwired genetically to latch on and become addicted to alcohol if I chose to pursue that coping mechanism).Reality sure is better!
