-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ij7ip/what_do_you_do_when_the_universe_tests_your/

The universe has definitely been slinging some shit my way this past week. Something I struggle with is how to get over issues that are out of my control. There wasn't really much I could have done differently this week to avoid any of the things that came up yet here I am dwelling on them...What are some things you do to cope with sources of stress that are beyond your control? This is the point at which my Borderline brain starts feeling really impulsive and I just need a healthy way to ride things out. I've tried meditation before but it's just not really my thing.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; What do you do when the universe tests your strength?..Let it...I've found that in any given situation I can respond in one of two ways:..1. Do nothing...2. Do something...(1) is for the stuff that is out of my control. (2) is the for the stuff that is in my control. I just have to remember which is which.
When I was being pelted by curveballs to the point I was only staying sober out of spite my cure was looking the universe right in the eye and without blinking or hesitation I offered a hearty "FUCK YOU!!!!!" Some days I gave it a middle finger too.....but I did it every morning till I got to the point that when I'd have a curveball coming and dodged it easily as if to say "oh your still here?!" I am NOT an easy target anymore.
When life throws some stress at me the phrase "There's no problems I have that alcohol won't make worse" always comes to mind. Then after that if I can go workout get to an AA meeting pick up the phone and call another alcoholic or post here I do. I find that these 4 things helps diffuse the initial desire to drink. Then I try to fill my life with productive activities to continue to keep the desire to drink at bay. ..Please let us know if you have anymore questions :)
Stay in the moment.
Here's some advice you gave I found in your comment history:.."[W]orry about your sobriety first and foremost then take on other challenges as you feel ready to do so. "..I am faced with stress often in my life too.  Take solace in the fact that the only thing worse than dealing with life's stresses is dealing with them with a hangover.  So you are winning...
