-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ik8j6/a_friend_of_mine_told_me_she_thinks_she_has_a/

Last night a friend admitted to me she thinks she has a drinking problem. I've had my suspicions for some time now without ever really realizing it. It was just something I saw in her the few times she has gotten drunk around me. Something that reminded me just a little bit too much of myself... She spent a lot of our shift  going back and forth with the same questions we all ask. First convincing herself she has a problem then reasoning her way out of it. It was hard to see her go through that. I just hope the best for her. ..When I got home from work I sat and thought about my own sobriety for a while. How I've gotten so caught up in being busy that I could barely remember how many days I have. The Cravings and mantras becoming almost routine. To the point where I barely have to think before talking myself back and how dangerously close to relapse I might actually be. Without really working on my sobriety I've let myself become complacent.  While I know I cannot drink anymore the urge to has been growing. I don't want to sit back and let that urge take over me again...I gave my friend the link here and told her that my phone was always on. Especially in her early days. As for myself I am going to start reading here every day like I did when I first started and maybe I will even try and post a little bit more often. Thank you guys for always being there to support those in need!..
----------immediate responses--------

yes post please....we could use your wisdom...Thanks and good luck to your friend!
It's good that you're there for your friend.  I know that helping other alcoholics has always been a reinforcing factor in my own sobriety.  As I give others advice and relay my experiences it helps cement that advice *to myself* as well...My life is so totally different and so totally better now that I'm sober.  There's no way I could go back.  I regularly reflect on how much improved my life is how much fun I'm having doing the things I never used to do how boring I find the things I used to do (sitting and watching hours and hours of football while drinking) and just how happy I am now.
Hello!  Your friend must trust you. Sounds like she's taken a first step. ..It's a good thing this happened because it jerked you out of your own complacency. Vigilance is critical because the disease is always lurking like a snake in the grass. I hope you'll share with us more often. 
It sounds like you are being a good friend to your friend. It's great to have that capacity and use it. Good on you.
This is a thing in that one program...AA? I think...yeah that's it.  Part of the 12th Step.   "...Here we turn outward to our fellow alcoholics who are still in distress."..To keep it you have to give it away.
This community has been invaluable to me as well. I recommend it to anyone even mentioning cutting back. I have a similiar situation in which a friend of mine has recently been committing himself to sobriety after a suicide attempt about 4 weeks ago. Its nice to be able to give somebody a hand up instead of sloshing about in the mire with them. 
