-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2iol6v/why_arent_you_drinking/

Hey guys..I'm pretty fresh into another kick at the sobriety can. I was clean and sober for almost 3 months this past year but relapsed due to a false confidence that I was "better now". I'm back at AA headfirst and am currently very motivated. I know through my time sober that life can be beautiful and fulfilling without drugs and alcohol. My biggest challenging will be defying that false confidence that comes after a short period of success but I have a great support network inside and outside of AA...Something that was always a challenge for me was knowing what to tell friends coworkers etcetera when asked why I wasn't/don't drink. It seems silly because I know I shouldn't have to justify it with a reason for anyone but are there any tips/advice that you could give to comfortably address those types of questions? What has worked for you?
----------immediate responses--------

I am almost never asked this question.  In fact over 29 years in and out of AA I bet I've been asked 3-5 times TOTAL.  The last time I was asked I said "I've had enough already."  
I don't want to. ..I am allergic to alcohol. ..I am trying to be more healthy. ..Those worked pretty well for me. :)..
I've had enough. ..Alcohol and I broke up. (I actually have a breakup letter)..I don't drink.
I  want to live. 
I don't like to drink..If asked why I say I don't like the effect..If really pressed I just say I'm an alcoholic and would rather keep what I have then work four times as hard to get it back - if even I can.  Some things are broken beyond repair.
&gt; My biggest challenging will be defying that false confidence that comes after a short period of success..Many people share that experience. I got past it by accepting that no matter how much sober time I have I will never be able to moderate drinking. I've tried plenty of times and the results were always the same. "Just 1 or 2" will always cause me to relapse back to daily drinking within a couple of weeks. With that acceptance comes freedom. I don't stress at all about whether I can do it anymore I can't. I don't count drinks or days trying to moderate I can't. I know that the only control I have over alcohol is to never let it pass my lips. It can bug me at times but it can't control me anymore.....&gt; Something that was always a challenge for me was knowing what to tell friends coworkers etcetera when asked why I wasn't/don't drink...Did you really encounter this a lot? In my experience unless I make a point of telling people I'm not drinking it doesn't even come up often. And when I'm offered a drink by someone a "no thanks but I'd love a water (or tea soda whatever) usually puts it to rest. A good host makes sure everyone has a drink in their hand but doesn't usually care if it's alcohol or not.
No one has asked except the people I drank with. People really are more concerned about themselves than what other people are doing. And really lots of people don't drink alcohol. We just weren't hanging out with them. 
I find it interesting when someone asks what we want to drink the alcoholic generally assumes they must answer with an alcoholic drink and perhaps justify why if they only want a Coke or something.  For the most part NOBODY gives a crap what you're drinking...If we're around a group of people that know we drink we have ZERO obligation to explain ANYTHING.  When I was back in the US recently I had dinner with a lot of people who knew I drank before and were curious why I didn't want a beer.  I smiled and politely said I QUIT DRINKING and then changed the conversation...&gt;  ....but are there any tips/advice that you could give to comfortably address those types of questions?..My question to you is why do you feel "uncomfortable" about explaining yourself?  ..I think many people feel uncomfortable because perhaps other people expect everyone to be able to drink in moderation.  If you quit drinking that might mean.......you have a drinking problem and that you're an alcoholic.  That's a BAD thing and then what will that mean to my career what will the boss and the neighbors think..........................etc...Most people won't really give a shit what reason you give them because they are so wrapped up in themselves already and aren't really listening to what you say anyway...So just smile politely and tell them you're trying to get healthier.  It's always worked for me...And A huge congrats to you for 3 days.  The first week might suck but you're doing this already!!
Cause I don't want to? Seems good enough to me.
I see this come up a lot on /r/stopdrinking. All you have to say is "I quit drinking". I've found that almost everyone respects this. Don't say "I don't drink". People think you're stuck up or take it as a challenge to get you to drink.
