-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ipqko/one_drunk_slut_is_how_i_thought_of_myself/

I am now a poster on SD under another username but I'm going to keep this anonymous.  I found an email showing that I created this username 11 months ago.  I do not remember doing that.  Apparently I posted this under /r/cripplingalcoholism: .."So...am I the only hammered chick in this group? I'm depressingly struggling through my "functional alcoholic" status...but this CA subreddit seems to be one big sausagefest. Don't get me wrong though...I do love me a sausagefest!"..Yeah.  I sure was functioning.  I was most likely blacked out at the time I posted.  And I thought of myself as One Drunk Slut.  Getting sober has given me some self esteem.  The chick that created this username didn't have that.  Getting rid of alcohol changed my world and my self worth. ..Edit: Just to be clear I'm not really new to SD.  I love it here.  I just thought it was interesting that 11 months ago I was so negative to myself that I would create this name and post like that.  Just another clue that sobriety changes many things. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I'm glad to hear that you've decided to take control. How long have you been sober?
Glad you are here! There are lots of supportive men and women here. 
Nothing slutty about enjoying sausage it's a fine breakfast meat.
I always felt like my treatment of others was directly related to how I treated myself. ..I'm glad that you have found support in this community. And I'm glad that you're no longer some drunk slut. The world has enough of those; we need one you. 
&gt;Getting sober has given me some self esteem...I hear you.   Nothing worse than the cycle of shame-causing-drinking-causing-shame-causing-drinking.  ..You're right being sober is whole new world.   Welcome!
It's sad to think of you or anyone feeling that way about themselves. Alcohol sucks the life out of us. Happy to know you have turned things around and are on the road to recovery.
Self deprecation. It's a thing.
I can relate - oh the shit I've posted to Reddit while drunk and under other user names. Makes me cringe just to think about it. It does feel great to have moved on and let that go. 
Glad ur here. It's amazing how when we get sober and treat ourselves with more respect that the world does as well because we demand it rather than being doormats for everyone. 
I totally remember that post on CA
As a former member of /r/cripplingalcoholism myself welcome! :) Glad you are on the road to putting a world of distance between yourself and that bullshit monkey on your back.
Oooooh man I dont miss CA. Really nice people over there but man is that not a way to live...Talking about drinking mouthwash? DUIs? Sharting yourself?..Nah I'm good right here.
Oh man we almost have the same story. Happy eleven months :) yay for increased self-worth!
Thanks for sharing this. Not having to experience the shame that comes with being a 'drunk slut' is one of the things most motivating me to get sober. It's great to see the effect sobriety can have on self-esteem!
The place where I used to rant and rave drunkenly had some issues and the archives are down. I've read through them though before that happened to see what I was like then. It's pretty bad. ..I think it's good to take a look at what kinds of diseased shit we were saying in the days of severe drunkenness but don't dwell on it too much. It's hard to find that balancing point. We need to take responsibility for what we did and said while we were actively sick alcoholics but we also shouldn't let that define who we can be.
I would imagine you are not the only person who has subscribed to this subreddit with a dodgy name.  Many here would like to change theirs as well I guess.  It is hard to do though.  ..What's in a name?
I put sliced sausage in my spaghetti!  &gt;=-)
Well it's good that you can find the humor in it or at least the value of learning from your experiences :). I've probably said almost exactly the same thing at some point in my life lol
