-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ir5d2/day_4_first_time_going_to_aa_strange_people_good/

Not sure if I fit in with the AA crowd but I don't think that is the point. I think that the point is being better than your self and finding the strength to do so from the stories and experiences of others with the mutual desire to end suffering of alcoholism...I had never been to one of these things before. I plan on going to at least two more meetings to be apart of it and see if it helps bolster my resolve. I was lucky enough to find a ride to the meeting as my car is not really legal at this point and my license is expired registration expired and broken back glass gate window. ..I have figured out my priorities for tomorrow's paycheck:.. .* Renew registration.* Renew License.* Buy food.* Get a haircut..I think that by planning ahead and taking the time to reflect on the groups' fears and struggles I am getting closer to breaking the chains that tempt me to drink again...On another note I woke up this morning without a strange thirst and my sour mood has diminished. Today is a good to be dry.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Not sure if I fit in with the AA crowd ..I most definitely did not!  Well except for one teeny tiny little thing:..They had a path to sobriety and a better more complete life that I desperately needed.  Other than that they were a bunch of loons...Congrats on your actions!!!!
Just so you know the meetings aren't what's supposed to strengthen your resolve.  Working the steps does that.  The meetings are just ritualized fellowship gatherings where you can meet the people who can help you work those steps...Really good to read you choose to not drive your illegal vehicle and instead reached out for a ride.  That's real progress there!..Keep an open mind do the next right thing and I bet you'll see awesome results.
Fitting in and belonging are two very different things. I knew I belonged in AA but I didn't find a place I really fit in until about 18 months. I should have started looking for that earlier. The relationships I have now are amazing and I didn't know I had so many options early on. If you don't fit in at a meeting try a different one. The solution will be the same but the meetings are really diverse.
Great!  I didn't fit in either until I did.
I went to my first out-of-detox meeting today and I liked it a lot better than my in-detox meetings. I found some of the people said things that resonated with me (self-hatred anger at a lack of perfection in themself parents talking about the stresses and worries of raising their children and how sobriety has made them a more awesome parent) and their insight was useful. Other people I didn't really identify with (if I'm honest quite a few of the men talked about anger and thoughts/feelings of violence projected outwards and I'm a self-destructive person so those feelings are alien to me) but I still tried to take what I could of their experience. ..I think the best thing about today is that after dropping my husband off at work I went some where to be with people working through the same shit I am to make a promise to myself that today I will be sober. I'm sure I won't like everyone and I won't like me but my first step towards finding a sponsor and working my steps is to put myself out there with people who are qualified to maybe one day become my sponsor and hopefully eventually find that person.
&gt;I have figured out my priorities for tomorrow's paycheck:.&gt;Renew registration.&gt;Renew License.&gt;Buy food.&gt;Get a haircut..Always surprises me how much satisfaction (and sometimes yes - joy) I get out of taking the details of existing...
Fit in at AA?   Hell no.  God forbid er I mean.  Shit.  Not God but you know whatever that Higher Power thing is. ..Today is Thursday. (right?)  Been to 3 meetings this week and the first two were a waste of time and coffee.  Today though...today was different.  Not one but TWO people came  back after relapsing.  One came from Detox the other just showed up.  They confirmed that moderation is a myth. Things have not improved in the Drinking Department.  They saw where things were headed (again) and chose to not drink and go to a meeting instead.  Only one actually cried.  .For the vast majority of the people at this meeting we share only one thing: a desire to stop drinking and a willingness to do whatever it takes..Even if 'whatever it takes' is an AA meeting full of strange people.
I'm better off pretending to be an alcoholic in AA rather than when I am outside of it.. It takes time to fit into every thing.  Give it a few more goes.
