-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ivjcm/30_days/

Hey there SD..In some ways these 30 days have flown by and in others it feels like it's been a year. There is so much more time in a day when you are present for all of it...I'll save writing a novelette of my backstory for 6 months or 1 year but in short I feel like "me" for the first time in a long time. /u/sarahsiddonscooks wrote recently that drinking stunts our emotional growth and when we sober up we return to where we left off. That seems to be very true for me right now and although scary it's good to be back...Accomplishments this month:..* Down 12 pounds..* Bought a new guitar and am playing every day. Music is good for the soul..* Went to the gym 5-6 times a week and my body feels so much healthier in general..* Shame guilt depression etc. are all slowly fading away. Maybe they won't ever completely disappear but they aren't so paralyzing day-to-day like they were previously..* No apologizing for things I said or did. No need to..* Confidence and self-worth are coming back to reasonable levels...I've realized that sobriety isn't a magic pill that is going to fix all of my problems but it is allowing me to realize my problems and be annoyed enough with them to do something. There are some things I've long needed to address and I'm finally doing something about them. :)..If you are having trouble with alcohol and considering quitting give it 30 days like I did and I'm sure you will end up better in more ways than one. You are not alone in your struggles and it can get better with action. Feeling and thinking are nothing without action...Thanks SD for the support and camaraderie. You'll be seeing me around for a while...Today I am definitely not drinking...
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome congratulations! .&gt; I've realized that sobriety isn't a magic pill that is going to fix all of my problems but it is allowing me to realize my problems and be annoyed enough with them to do something...I definitely hear that.
Congratulations /u/yousaidwat.  Keep doing what you are doing.
Congrats to you! 30 looks great on you!.
[deleted]
Well done and congrats! This is a huge accomplishment. :) 
Congrats!
