-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2iyw5y/i_think_im_that_annoying_selfish_newcomer_at/

Ignore my badge only 37 days sober (had a slip towards the end of rehab thank goodness it was just a slip.)..I enjoy going to meetings. Most of the people are so welcoming sincere and wise. I try to listen to their shares and I usually do but I get kind of panicked about my turn coming up and more often than not I end up trying to formulate what I'm going to say in my head...My turn comes. I try to honest try to stay on topic. I try to say something relevant to what the chair person said. I try to add some of my own limited experience in what I'm saying mention what I'm currently struggling with...I over-think it. Bottom line I over-think it. And I end up rambling about how I'm grateful but also scared and I think I come off as selfish naive and over-eager. Maybe that's because I am selfish naive and over-eager. ..I know there's no way to do all this perfectly and I'm overly concerned with how I'm coming off to other people especially when they seem so wise and put-together and knowledgeable about the program. A part of me thinks I should just shut my mouth and pass every time it's my turn to share that I'd be better off just listening and trying to learn. But I don't have a sponsor yet and very few friends in the program so I also want and need to talk sometimes at meetings. I don't know. I guess I feel like if it's possible to "do it wrong" I am doing it wrong...I was once told to "just be honest" at meetings. But the honest truth right now is I feel and think and want to say so many things it's overwhelming. I was numb and emotionless for so long and now I've got all these thoughts and feelings and when I try to vocalize them at meetings I feel selfish and self-conscious and lost. I don't even know if what I say is honest! Just because I am now clear-minded enough to form a half-decent sentence doesn't mean what comes out of my mouth is true or sincere right?..Any help is appreciated. Sorry this is so rambling. Damn it.
----------immediate responses--------

People in meetings understand this well...You have people who like to and need to share a lot.  ..When I first started going I barely shared and when I did it was along the lines of "I am hanging in there.  Thanks I guess."..Just keep up the progress going to meetings and sharing.  No one is expecting masterful pre-planned speeches.  
You sound exactly like I did in my first couple months! ..I just wanted to tell you that I bet you brighten people's day with your honesty and candidness. 
Just bring along something to read. Prepare and be brief..You don't even really have to talk about yourself..I hate being put on the spot and I always get anxious as my turn comes closer and closer. Since I usually sit near the last of the circle the tension just builds and builds and distracts me from listening to the others..Reflecting off of whatever the topic is for that session is just a suggestion. Read a bit of something you bring with you to the group..Look at the sidebar and watch the movies or read the books listed there. Then you might have something to share that others might enjoy..You might even subscribe to daily [email from grapevine](http://www.aagrapevine.org/emails) and go off of that....
I learned through many rambling shares a lot the main thing I learned is that my share is most important to me. If someone gets something out of it that's just a bonus. .. http://i.imgur.com/oQq1J9C.jpg 
This sounds just like me! I always come up with things I want to say before the meeting and in my head I sound well put together and wise but once it's my turn to talk I just sort of freeze and forget about everything I was going to say haha. What comes out just sounds like a weird ramble and feels non-relevant and then I just feel embarrassed. As you said it's overwhelming. So many feelings thoughts and words. But I'm sure they're used to it in AA and all of them have been very understanding. :) They were newcomers once aswell.
&gt;But the honest truth right now is I feel and think and want to say so many things it's overwhelming. I was numb and emotionless for so long and now I've got all these thoughts and feelings and when I try to vocalize them at meetings I feel selfish and self-conscious and lost. ..Sounds like to me you are doing great.  Keep it up!
I was always told that as long as you share from the heart that's what matters. Personally as long as the newcomer doesn't go on for ten minutes or start getting preachy and telling others what to do I don't mind it...We were all there at the beginning so no worries!..Also: get a sponsor!
I'm thinking you are pretty adorable. If you shared how you feel about sharing in the same way that you just did here that would be pretty endearing disarming and engaging.
Don't over think it! If you do you won't get anything out of your shares or anyone else's. Just be honest and speak from the heart. Most of my shares aren't nearly as composed as most others but that's okay. I'm okay. ..Hell yesterday I shared exactly this: I'm sick. I feel like shit. I feel like I did when I was hungover so I'm grateful that I'm not. Love you guys. ..It doesn't have to be perfect. All it needs to be is just you. With sharing I always try to remember this quote:.. Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply.   - Stephen R. Covey..So when I'm listening to someone else speak I make a conscious effort to really hear them and not get caught up in what I'm going to say along those same lines. So to that end because I know my weaknesses I generally will raise my hand at the very beginning and share what I'm going to so I can listen to all the wisdom that follows with my whole attention. ..You're doing just fine...keep it up!
Hi I'm really new too!..Something I've noticed at the meeting that I attend is that the whole "rambling" thing seems to have nothing to do with length of sobriety or how long someone has been a member. One of the most senior members has taken up 7-8 minutes (we're asked to limit ourselves to 2 max) at every meeting and often repeats a lot of the same sentiments in different ways (this is not a value judgment on my part I recognize that sharing is largely for personal benefit and the benefit of others is a great bonus) while some of the newer members (though I am the newest) tend to be more to the point. Some members tend to be emotional some tend to be a bit more calculated some are funny some are always serious. ..I know for me I find it helps if I read what the next meeting's reflection will be the night before and think on it and really chew on it over night. 
I talked to my friend with 15 years sobriety about something similar.  I was concerned about my sharing and always second guessing myself afterwards and feeling stupid.  ..She told me: "Not to be rude but you are talking to a room of alcoholics.  They aren't thinking about you much they are thinking about themselves."  ..Now it was half joking but I see her point.  As a self centered alcoholic I think that my words will have a big impact on other people...but the fact is I'm just a newcomer struggling to figure out what I'm doing.  It takes time for us to settle down and heal from having brains of Swiss cheese.  ..Don't be so hard on yourself.  
Keep coming back.   You are doing fine.  If you think you talk/ramble/wander too much listen for a meeting or three...If you are totally comfortable sharing an interesting and relevant item you probably aren't doing it right.   The best shares for me are those that make me uncomfortable self-conscious and vulnerable.  Occasionally I get it right.  The shares from other people that have the most impact are not scripted organized or cogent...they are painful honest and real.
If you don't want to share don't. Just be there to support those who do.
[deleted]
Sounds like you're doing great! At least I hope so because that's pretty much how I feel before and after every share I have. I felt (and honestly still feel) that way about a share I made this morning in front of a room that's way more advanced than me *even though people came up to me afterwords quoting me to me.*..Try to remember this: however you feel about yourself at a meeting there's a pretty good chance that others in the room are feeling about the same. In my experience drunks are extremely fearful and self-conscious people who are very adept at bullshitting. You don't need to feel better than anyone in the room but you have no reason to believe that you're any worse.
People get it and I guarantee you are helping someone every time you open your mouth. Keep coming!
When i first came in the rooms i was terrified and If i was called on to share half the time all i could speak about was just how terrified I was to be in there. Just share what your feeling. I can absolutely relate to feeling self-conscious and lost. Even today if that is what i'm feeling at the moment that is what I share about.  Just speak honestly on how you are feeling and what going on with you. There is nothing wrong with that. The rooms are there for us to open up and share on how we are doing. Trust me we all came in feeling lost and everything was turned upside down. The rooms helped me through all of that and became my family. Just keep on trudging! Stay honest don't pick up a drink and keep coming back. :)
Youre over thinking it. Everything is fine. No one is judging you. Peace be with you.
