-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2j0fbm/i_ruined_it/

I just wanted to post that I fucked all of this up.  I thought i'd be better this time around and not relapse but after 8 days my best friend offered me some wine and I took it... He said it was just a couple glasses with him while we watched our favorite show but little did he know I ran to the liquor store afterwards and bought 2 bottles of wine for myself tonight.   Fuck.  I hate myself for this.  Why do I need to hide this part of myself?  He would have more than welcomed going to the bars and getting drunk but I lied that that I had to get home to my parents whom I told I brought some wine over for and let them have at a bottle and drank two on my own... the second that first drink hits me it's like I don't even know myself anymore... Is it fully mandatory that you complete 30 days before getting a sponsor? Cause that's what my local groups say.  
----------immediate responses--------

Idk but call the 1-800 number and ask them. All you can do it try again tomorrow. I did the same thing yesterday. I felt horrible and ashamed. I hope you feel better
When you fall you get back up and try again. Learn from your mistakes. 
So start again.  No there is no 30 day rule for getting a sponsor.  In your case the sooner the better.
Get yourself to a meeting asap. You will also benefit from a "sober people sober places" rule. Decide what you want more: this feeling of shame and self-hatred you describe or self-love and respect? You have the strength you know you do.
Wot!?!?! 30 days until you get a sponsor? I've never heard that and it makes no sense. Ask them to show you in the Big Book where it says that. Hint: It doesn't fucking say that! Now I'm mad. A lot of us couldn't make it 30 days without the help of a sponsor. Just talk with someone even if they are just temporary.  ..To reiterate what some other people have said staying away from people who drink and places where there is drinking is a good idea at first. If you MUST be around a person/people who are drinking let them know you are not drinking before the first drink is poured. ..Stay close to /r/stopdrinking and let us know how things are going. Take care!
Never heard of that 30 days thing. I'm gonna venture a guess that might be a personal preference for a particular sponsor but surely not the whole group. If so find a new group!! ..What you did sounds exactly like something I would have done (with the subterfuge and all). That's why not picking up that first drink is the most important thing to do for yourself. Your friend doesn't know any better but you do. ..Head to a meeting. If the meetings there have people raise their hand if they are available to sponsor take note and talk to one after a meeting. If they don't normally make that announcement raise your hand and share that you're struggling and would like a sponsor if someone could point you in the right direction. ..You can do this. 
#1 lesson to take from this: you cannot do moderation. There is no "couple of drinks" for you (or me.) Don't hate yourself for this learn from it and remember it the next time you think you'll be able to control it. I tried moderation after 8 years of sobriety and well here I am. You can do this.
Dry people dry places.  No more drinking with friends.  I hang out with friends who know I'm sober and who don't drink around me as much as possible.  The old drinking buddies and I really had very little in common except we liked getting drunk...and I don't need that in my life anymore...I got my temporary first sponsor at 10 days of sobriety.  I just asked another woman with significant time under her belt (16 years) to be my sponsor until I got to know other people in recovery so I could choose someone I could work with long term.  My original temp sponsor got me started on the steps and kept me accountable by having me call or text her daily.  ..Get to a meeting. Get back on the horse...and get rid of that wine if you haven't already drank it.  Get that temptation away from you.  Don't give up.
I've done very similar things in the past.  But today I'm not going to do that.  It's Sunday and I have an opportunity (every Sunday) to go to a buddy's place to have beers and watch football.  But if I do (even just one beer) I can kiss my week goodbye.  Can kiss my October goodbye.  Adios 'till Christmas.  Perhaps I'll be back in the spring.  But... today is what I'll worry about. If I don't drink today I can look forward to my week.  I'm trying to focus on today and am learning to forget and forgive myself for what I've done in the past...Don't know about 30 day rule.
