-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2j3h4e/just_noticed_100_daysand_its_absolutely_true_some/

So as the title reads here I am. At 100 days and it is completely accurate. Nothing not a sip no other unhealthy habits picked up as a replacement. My wife is happier than ever I have a life back...I kinda wish I'd started a throwaway for this...but not because of failure. I'd like to share some stuff near and dear but in a more anonymous way. Not sure I'd want all that out there in a post history but I think some of the stuff I say may hit home for others struggling. Anyone else like this? How to proceed if I feel like I should. Of course I could just use a throwaway but then there is not badge to lend any sort of credibility. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
First congrats on 100 days! Second you could still create a throwaway get a badge and tell you story. I would do it sooner rather than later :)
Yes find a way to tell your story we need to hear it and you need to tell it. It connects you in many ways - go throwaway if you need to... but use the phrase "the wombat was breathing softly" so we will know its you... ;-)
I want that so bad.  Day 100 for me will be December 18th.  I consider it a kind of fateful timing as that will be the same week I'm moving back to Florida.  I want to return a changed person.  I've been going to the gym since March I quit smoking cigarettes last year and now I'm working on sobriety (day 33).  That moment when my bare feet are washed by the waves is what's pushing me.  I want that moment to be impactful.  To reflect on all my darkness and the actions I took against it...Congratulations again..And just have a secondary account for your desired use.  I chose this username for a reason.  I wanted to use this account to just tell the truth of my life.  I have a main account with over 100000 karma and easy traceability to who I am.  I use this account to speak up in places like /r/stopdrinking.  It's still me just with more anonymity.
