-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2j9aiy/3_years_sober_on_friday_101714/

Oh boy I really do not know what to say. I'm not much of a celebrator so I'll say a few words and then run away and hide forever! Just kidding...Short bio - Started drinking in my teens not much but that went on and off till I was 21 and legally able to drink. Once I turned 21 it started a nightmare of drinking for myself. A few months into my new found drinking age I started to drink every night. This continued on for 5 years and I had a period where I quit for 3 months but a reckless family situation and an off-balance mindset I went back to drinking. ..Two more years of daily drinking and a huge move to down south later I was drinking heavy one night and severely depressed. Somewhere in that moment I just had enough with drinking the feelings of depression and being lost were just too much. Finally I just went to bed and in the morning I woke up with a severe headache / hangover.. Looked around the room and saw a tower of beer cans beside my computer desk. I told myself I had enough and I was serious I could tell I didn't want to live this way anymore. That morning changed my life that morning was 10/17/2011...I didn't really reach out for help instead I used my mentality to rest assure that I did the right thing and stick through the withdrawals. I'm going to tell everyone right now that drinking water a lot of water does help. Being active and outside walking does help a lot. Being sure of yourself and believing in what you're doing is right helps a lot...I lost one of my jobs when I was 3 months sober but I went on very long walks and kept my mind busy and I knew I could get another job if I just calmed down and got through the initial few days of joblessness. A short time later I got a job and they drug / alcohol test you right after the interview - this is where the feeling of bliss came in. I didn't have one worry test me all you want you are not finding a single thing in my system. That felt GOOD...Don't hold hostility towards people who drink alcohol. I did that when I was new to sobriety the first time around. It might of caused that relapse but to be honest it was on myself. Just know that you are not in control of others they have their own lives and you control just your own...If you're thinking about becoming sober I'm going to tell you that it will open your eyes to who you really are. You can deal with issues a lot better even issues that you pushed under the carpet or drank away for another day. Coming face to face sober with issues is something you'll hate but take for granted in later sobriety. Trust me dealing with issues suck! However I look back and I'm really happy I did...This is getting a bit long so I'll end this here. You can ask me anything or send me a message! I don't visit this sub that often but when I do I really try to reach out to those I can. You're a great group! .... 
----------immediate responses--------

So much good information in your post.  Thank you for sharing!  That is wonderful.
Congratulations on your soon-to-be three years sober!!!  ..Thanks for the post.
Congratulations! Great to read your story and thanks for taking the time to read my message.
Awesome! Good for you!
Congratulations and thank you for sharing!! Keep up the great work :)
