-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2j9i09/the_struggle_of_the_clueless_spouse/

So here I am working on my 4th day and feeling pretty good. Had my first routine workday today since not drinking and on the way home felt that anxiety of how to cope within my normal routine to stay away from drinking. I decided to grab what was left of the light and go for a walk...When I got home there on the island sat a bottle of wine purchased today by my husband who drinks 2 12oz PBRs a day and has never had a problem controlling it. Ever. Apparently he has failed to notice that I am approaching life differently. For many years he has said he doesn't think I have a drinking problem when I have brought it up. The rest of my family knows that's not right I know it's not right. I know he knows it's not right too bc of things he has yelled at me when I get into irrational drunk confrontations with him. WTF people?..So my response was to tell him I was going for a walk and ask that he get the wine out of my sight while I was gone which he did. But he didn't ask why and just went in the other room to binge watch Netflix his nightly activity of late leaving me to deal by myself. This feels shitty. I know if I don't interrupt his shows to get him to communicate nary a word will pass between us for the rest of the night and that's normal around here. I remember now that loneliness was a big reason I drank and isn't that the L in HALT?..Darn. I feel sad. And to top it off work was brutal with a capital B today. I know there's nothing you can do about any of this but it helps just to get it off my chest while I swill water like I've been lost in a desert for a month. And try not to cry...
----------immediate responses--------

Nothing wrong with a good cry. Your emotions are going to be all over the place at day 3.
Sorry this sucks.  But congrats on your resolve.  That is awesome...It is hard for non-alcoholics to have any clue what we go through on a daily basis...let alone in early sobriety.  For me that was why being around other people in recovery from time to time was important.
Poop! I'm glad you made it through that. Recovery is really tough on relationships when friends and family can't understand that's one thing but it must be more difficult for the one you sleep next to. ..Rant and rave all you want that is what we are here for. No rant to long or question to silly it's not easy getting a head transplant with the same face for others or for us. 
I'm sorry your husband doesn't "get it". Sometimes when we quit drinking it threatens those around us especially people who drink. When I felt lonely and sad the support of AA and my therapist saved my sobriety. Thanks for sharing. Hope you find the support you need and deserve.  
I feel ya. Especially the distant SO part. Because mine has so far refused counseling (although he is now considering it for himself) I've just learned to make my own life without him (or with a portion of him I should say)....one I can be happy with. You don't have to be lonely my friend. You can establish your own life finding a full and happy one too. Yes I still have frustrations with my home life but loneliness is not a part of it any longer. And it doesn't have to be for you either. There is too much opportunity out there to relegate our lives to that. Support groups meetups classes of all sorts whatever you want!..In regards to the wine he brought home. Have you outright told him that you have quit drinking and what that means to you? Even if you have if you were anything like me what I said could change from the morning to that night and he could be operating under that modus operandi. I would just express your intentions firmly and ask him to respect your decision. ..You're doing great Birdwoman. Keep your chin up. :-)
This too shall pass.   Change is threatening even good change.   ..Don't over think and realize your emotions are going to take you on quite a ride for the next few  just try to say "wheeeee" every so often. 
He is in denial.your sobriety has made him perhaps look at his own drinking.He doesnt like itdeep down.Hopefully he comes around.Good luck and congratulations on your life choice.Remember.You are #1.
Feel free to be emotional :) It's part of drying out...Something that I've been re-learning is how to communicate better with my wife. Drinking builds up a barrier between spouses and tearing that down has been challenging for me. One brick at a time.
I'm so sorry you had a rough day!..Question though as it's unclear from your post-- did you tell him your plan and let him know how he could support you? As my therapist once told me (only thing I got out of that $1200 actually) "Assertiveness is the enemy of resentment." So often when we feel resentful that we weren't treated the way we wanted to be treated we can look back and see how clearly stating our desires could have avoided the whole situation. I know I for a long time with my husband played the "he should know better" card but I am learning that while he is quite intelligent he is emotionally stunted. Just a total dolt. He's actually pretty great if I just clearly state my needs.
Crying is a good way to burn some emotions and move on.  Communicating was the biggest hurdle for my wife and I when I was starting out.  Everything got turned into a pride match and an egotistical horror show.  I would get very defensive and sensitive over things that were expressed and my take on the situations did not help any.  The biggest break through and the reason we are still together came in the easier ways to communicate.  We wrote in a journal.  We would take turns expressing our concerns and feelings on our lifes journey with the good ol'#2 pencil.  It really helped curb our egos and get out what was inside without the need to become a slave to the reactions.  This might not work for all cases but writing down our thoughts has been a tool I was taught to use in gradeschool...There is one rule I have with my wife.  Do not give me liquor ever.  She can have anything in the house but it needs to be hers.  We get a gift from a friend and its liquor she tells me its hers.  Just something about my own stash that really hinders my judgement for a sober outcome.  I layed that out in a notebook because when we talked about it fights ensued.  Hasnt been a problem since.
Hmmmm... All I can say is that I would be **pissed** if my wife left a bottle for booze out for me when she knows good and well that I am actively trying to be sober. I think that I would have to have a very pointed conversation with her about whether or not she wants to be supportive of my highly important goals or not. You don't need me around to sit on your supportive ass and watch Netflix alone. You deserve better /u/Birdwoman2014. I'm sorry if this comment seems angry but I'm pissed you're being treated so poorly. That plus the shitty day you had at work:you should be VERY proud of yourself for not drinking. .Edit: spelling
