-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jbp5j/and_then_there_were_30/

It has been 30 days since I last drank.  Hard to believe that is for sure.  I really don't know what to say that hasn't already been said on this sub but I just wanted to put some of my thoughts out there in case someone just quitting needs an extra little push...The last 30 days have been incredibly challenging.  The hardest part is that you don't just have the challenge of not drinking you have the challenge of creating a new habit of CHANGE.  Change is difficult and at times it seems your mind will do everything possible to resist it.  For me it wasn't just holding on to something someone said here or expecting things to be better because I read how someone else did it in a book.  It honestly has come down to focusing constantly my thoughts and actions and CHANGE.  Often this comes down to a very difficult decision of what I want (or what my alchoholic brain) to do or what I used to always do vs what I should do and what I need to do...These last few weeks have been harder than the first couple.  Learning to adjust to feeling good 95% of the time and the constant grind of changing myself is often tiring.  I still think of drinking many times through out the day.  This does get old and is hard.  I have read that this does start to fade and I can't wait for that to happen.  It is a little sad as well when you say in your head "I will never drink again"...I realize as I am writing this that so far I might be painting a negative picture.  I just am trying to express some of the challenges I have gone through...The benefits often humble me.  Being able to actually function on a day in day out basis is wonderful.  The largest benefit is my returning self confidence.  When I drink I often look at other people as though I am not the same....if that makes any sense.  I often found myself looking at someone and questioning weather or not they drank as much as me or wondering how in the hell someone could actually not drink at all.  I soon realized that no they did not and yes not drinking is quiet normal.  This put my mental state always as an outsider wanting to join the "normal" people.  Now after 30 days I still feel a little bit different but now I can meet them at some level...ok going to wrap it up here.  I realize that I have a lifetime of changing left and 30 days is only a splash but I am super proud of myself!.."If there is no struggle there is no progress."..Frederick Douglass.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!
/u/jrb118 is a STAR!
That STAR looks good on you! Keep up the good (hard) work!
That STAR looks good on you! Keep up the good (hard) work!
The first 30 of many! 
&gt; I realize that I have a lifetime of changing left and 30 days is only a splash but I am super proud of myself!..FWIW: those 30 days are the hardest.  It continued to get easier for me as the days piled on.  I think you should be proud of those 30 days.  They were hard fought and it sounds like you've got a good recovery program based on actual change...The desire to drink for me did fade.  And I hadn't really thought "I will never drink again" until just now (thanks... kidding).  The feelings of loss faded for me too.  Now it's just that I'm a non-drinker.  It's just something I don't do.  And I'm OK with that.  I'm not a fan of iced tea either.  I don't mourn iced tea...Keep it up!
