-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jbxeh/difficulty_sleeping/

There have been so many positive changes since I quit drinking and a number of struggles also. One of the biggest struggles I have right now is trouble sleeping. Before I started drinking (sophomore year in college) I had major sleeping issues (getting very little sleep sleeping irregular hours). I recall even seeing a doctor at student health about insomnia. At the time I thought alcohol was a godsend because it helped me sleep . . . and I've been drinking almost every night since then. For the last 14 years I haven't been a super heavy drinker but I *needed* some alcohol to unwind and sleep. And I used to sleep a lot like 9-10 hours a day. ..Since I've been sober it's been very difficult to sleep through the night. Mostly due to my anxiety which I had been self-medicating through alcohol (duh). Nowadays I sleep 5-6 hours a night and maybe nap a 1/2 hour during the day. This may seem like "enough" sleep to most people but it's way different than my sleeping patterns while drinking. Before sleep I try to meditate and relax with tea. I do stretches and exercise which help a little. I've been trying homeopathic sleep aids. Has anyone else had this experience? Any tips on how to improve sleep?..Thank you very much. 
----------immediate responses--------

White noise or ambient music at bed time...Sleeping mask for your eyes (I love this....it is amazing how much easier it is to fall asleep in total blackness)...No electronics for an hour before sleep...Make sure you have a good pillow.
"White noise or ambient music at bed time..Sleeping mask for your eyes (I love this....it is amazing how much easier it is to fall asleep in total blackness)..No electronics for an hour before sleep..Make sure you have a good pillow."..This. Make sure you're comfortable that makes a huge difference. I like to throw in earplugs sometimes with the sleeping mask if there's background noise. I also found a memory foam body pillow at walmart for like ten bucks that changed my life having something to put in-between your legs and wrap around is good for your back and can help sleeping issues. I had really bad insomnia until I got a body pillow and started "forcing" myself to lie down turn the lights off and curl up to body pillow. Most of the time I'm asleep in five minutes. 
I have had insomnia related to anxiety for many years. The things that help me are:..- exercise after work. I'm too wound up to sleep well if I skip the gym 2 days in a row...- good sleep hygiene: consistent bed schedule dark room white noise only use bedroom for sleep no computer/phone screens for 2 hours before bed (inhibits melatonin production)...- Sleepytime Extra tea (the one w/ Valerian). Some people recommend melatonin supplements but they make me groggy even in small doses...- If I can't sleep and seem wound up I get up and do something relaxing like reading or a hot bath...- If all else fails I use Klonopin prescribed by my Dr but since it's addictive I don't like to use it more than 1-2 times/month...I slept MORE when I was drinking but I did not sleep better.
[deleted]
Chamomile!!!! 
