-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jduxl/day_one/

I am a 29 year old married large bearded man with six kids. Their ages are 9 8 6 5 3 1. ..I need help. I want to try to hold myself accountable. But I don't know how to do this...It has happened slowly over time. I don't even recall how or when it became a problem. To make it short - it escalated to where I have been sneaking beer in between breaks at work to the point that I am numb all day long. I don't know how I haven't been caught yet. I then started drinking in my car (to and from work) so I'm a fucking idiot. I am a responsible person everyone loves me but this is my secret and nobody knows my struggle. This is my only real weakness in a wonderful life...Its been maybe 3 years with this problem. I am very cautious to keep its severity a secret from my wife although I have talked to her multiple times this month about wanting to quit drinking completely. She doesn't drink and she trusts me since I have always been worthy of her trust (until this I guess). ..I may speak matter of factly but I have a headache my kids are wrestling around all around me and I'm quite unhappy for the first time in many years. I don't know what made today the day I looked you up subreddit but maybe today is the day. I crave drinks all day long and this is going to be very tough. ..I don't know if I'm the kind of person that needs emotional support but I need to hold myself accountable. I will check back tomorrow and try for a full day without a drink. ..Edit on 10/20: Unfortunately Day One starts again for a second time if nothing else I cut back a bit from my usual quantity...Edit 2 on 12/9: Trying again and on day 3 longest yet. Haven't had much luck..Edit 3: on 12/13/14: Reset to day one after 4 days..Edit 4 on 12/20/14: Reset to day one made it 6 days though...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Please come back.  Everyone needs emotional support....I hope you get it.  Good luck my friend. 
I'm 28 with no kids but I'm in this with you. If your wife doesn't drink maybe you can clear your house of alcohol?
[deleted]
I don't know if this will help you or hurt you but it might give you some insight. I'm a 20 yr old guy and I've looked up to my dad my entire life as I'm sure your kids look up to you. He was the one person I could always talk to and get genuine advice from. He passed away in March due to heart failure brought on by a lifelong battle with alcoholism. There is no way to articulate the devastating effect alcohol has had on my family. Don't rob your children of their father for another drink. 
[deleted]
Hi ForMySixKids you came to the right place for support in not drinking.  Let's not drink together today.
If you stop now you will be there for your kids...Even if you're in the room with them right now if you're drunk you're not really with them.
