-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jeudl/keep_having_drinking_dreams/

I'm 25 days sober from alcohol and the past 5 or so nights I've been having relapse/drinking dreams. Not like getting wasted but situations where I consciously decide to break sobriety and drink again. Only like one beer or one sip then guilt. These dreams are very realistic so I wake up feeling the guilt. What's going on here? 
----------immediate responses--------

[Drinking dreams aren't so bad.  More info at this link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/)
I had one couple of days ago.   Read the link CC send across.
All through the first six months I would have drinking dreams almost every night. They varied sometimes I would refuse to drink Other times I would  sneak one sip at a party and get caught by my girlfriend. In the worst ones I would be at the bar pouring shots down my throat breaking up with my girlfriend driving drunk fighting all of those things I used to do nightly. Every time I had one I would wake up feeling as if all of it really happened. ..The dreams eventually go away for the most part. Now I only have them every once and a while and usually on days that I craved a drink pretty badly.  Everyone experiences the dreams at a different level of course.
This is normal well it was for me anyways.  My first drinking dream didnt involve me drinking.  I am sober now so all my friends were drinking and I was saying no.  But then someone pulled out some cocaine.  With out a thought I began indulging.  Im not drinking so its ok!!..This dream caused me to reflect on the tendency to replace one addiction with another.  Use the dreams as reasons to explore the mind and prepair for issues to come.  Is the guilt because someone else would find out?  Guilt based on failing yourself?  Guilt for not being perfect and nailing sobriety 100% all the time?  Find a positive purpose for these dreams
I had one just last night. I can't remember much now but I remember I came home grabbed my usual bottle of whiskey filled the glass with ice and poured one nice and tall. Then in the dream I just looked at it while I fought the urge to pick it up and take a drink. Through all that noise in my head telling me to do it that wiggle of guilt started growing. I started to feel horrible about even pouring the drink. The guilty feeling grew and grew and grew and then POP I woke up...I didn't drink in the dream and I will not drink in reality. ..I will NEVER drink again and I will NEVER change my mind about that. ..It's as simple as that. ..Whatever may come that is my aegis now.
I still have these dreams on occassion and let me just tell you... I wake up in a fright that I actually drank. I run out to my fridgerator to check and see if there is alcohol in there (usually only water with the occasional soda). I check my garbage can nothing... But that anxiety and fear of having taken a drink keeps me up for the rest of the night. I generally call someone from my home group (the night owls) and we go to dennys/ihop for some late night coffee to discuss random things (usually comics and/or star wars). You are doing great though! Keep up the hard work!
Totally normal. Often scary because you wake thinking you Did drink.  For what it's worth these dreams Do pass. As with everything involved in getting and staying sober time deals with it.
