-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jkyzj/how_do_i_know_that_i_am_an_alcoholic_and_not_just/

I'm starting to have doubts. I'm starting to think that I've been trying to convince myself that I'm an alcoholic. From a very young age I was visiting my mom in treatment and during this time counselors would tell the kids that it's a genetic disease and being that we were children of alcoholics we were likely to have the same problem. For me that sort of set up this idea that I would ultimately become an alcoholic it's kind of fucked up. I started drinking at around 15 and it wasn't a big thing for me I drank maybe once every month. At around 18 I started to drink on the weekends with my friends and do stupid 18 year old stuff. When I was 19 I shipped off to Iraq and came home when I was 20. It was at this time I started college and began drinking 3 times a week. More and more I became the guy you could call to party whenever you were down to drink. I liked being the party guy being surrounded by people it felt good. Later that year I drank every day morning/noon/night for 10 days straight and found myself in the hospital withdrawing. That hospital visit changed something in me when I left I felt like I had crossed some sort of line that said "Now begins your life as the alcoholic you knew you were destined to be nothing you can do about it." Things didn't really continue at the morning/noon/evening pace though. Over the next two years I gradually went to a pace of 5 days a week drinking mostly to backup the claim that I was an alcoholic. ..I have no idea if this makes sense thus far but bear with me.....It's like I kept romanticising the idea of being a drunk and trying to find ways to relate to great writers and "famous" alcoholics. For all of my life it felt like I didn't have an identity but now I had found one. So I took drinking and ran with it. I would drink just because. I would drink at random times because alcoholics did that. I would drink by myself because alcoholics did that. A lot of people I've talked to always felt compelled to drink to deal with emotions and problems but I don't really think I ever did much of that consciously at least. Drinking just became something to do all the time it was something I was good at. Surely someone can relate to that. ..Now I'm left here at day 74 (longest I've had since Iraq) wondering if I really belong here. I don't have a plan to relapse because I know it would cause issues for me (I live in a sober house) but I also feel like I will drink again someday. I like being sober I save a lot of money I remember a lot more I do well at work and things do seem generally more positive. I feel comfortable in my skin almost all the time. I don't feel the need to have a drink in order to talk to people. I guess things are actually going pretty well for me......fuck I guess I do belong here.  
----------immediate responses--------

I love this post.
*chanting* "One of us! One of us!"  
I'm new to recovery so I doubt my opinion means much compared to the men and women who have 1+ years sober but I'm not a fan of the "A-word" for reasons you have hinted at. Do you think your life is better when you don't drink? Do you see it getting worse when you do drink? If yes then obviously drinking is something you shouldn't do. How you label it seems secondary to me...It seems like despite some doubts you have found a group and program that works for you. That is great and I hope you stick with it. :) 74 days sober sounds like a good dream to me!
Nice. And that kids is how the ol' lizard brain tries to convince us to pick up a drink...Grats on your 74 days.
I am glad you made it back from Iraq safely. Staying sober might be the hardest most difficult fight of your life :/ Stay vigilant brother.
It definitely seems like night and day when you drink vs when you are sober.  Whenever you feel like a drink just think of all the good things you listed.  Saving money remembering things job performance etc.  Stay positive and seek help when you need it!
Lovely post..As someone who quit at 17 and is now 39...  I've done my fair share of thinking about this...For me.  When I drank (and used) I couldn't control it. I had little interest in controlling it but on those few occasions I wanted to get a 'light' buzz or whatever I got seriously drunk. It didn't always happen but I had no way of knowing what would happen if I began.  Second when I was sober I tended to think drinking was a good idea and somehow it would be different this time. ..It is this second bit that makes me an alcoholic of the hopeless variety...If you can recognize the first bit and stop drinking you stop drinking and don't have problems...It is the second bit that leads me into the kind of thinking you are talking about here.  What if I was just young and didn't know better?  What if I glorified being a drunk and being in AA and I'm not actually an alcoholic?  Well that is me thinking hum. maybe it will be different this time.  I can totally drink without consequences despite my hard won experience...What other people think about themselves is none of my business. If someone does not think they need to quit I'm not going to try to make them.  If they manage to convince themselves they can drink and go do it and succeed than yea!  I drank because drinking was awesome.  If you can do it I want you to.  If they pick up again because they are actually a drunk and managed to sucumb to the idea of it being different this time maybe (just maybe) they will learn they have the second problem as well as the first one.  ..Good luck my friend.  My mind is a mine field of these kinds of thoughts with snipers too.
I can totally relate to this. I started the same way became that party guy and it was great. And I feel you on the alcoholic parent bit and how I both believed I would become one and also romanticized the idea. I love the quote "*Of the demonstrably wise there are but two: those who commit suicide and those who keep their reasoning faculties atrophied by drink.*" And absolutely there was a time 3 years ago when it meant nothing for me to quit drinking when my girlfriend at the time said it bothered her...But then something happened and I couldn't put a bottle down. Maybe it was because I got depressed and my well-intentioned friends decided we should drink to get my mind off of a breakup. And it worked. Partying helped. And then I would be sad at home alone and I guess I just built up a strong enough connection that drinking helped with pain...And then drinking started to cause the pain and I couldn't let go of that idea that drinking was helping; it was all of that other shit in my life that was making it suck. Then I could finally see that alcohol was the problem but the habit was formed. That's when it got to it's worst. Falling asleep with a couple of handles beside you (just in case you go through one that night) waking up shaking and trying to stomach a couple of drinks to stop the sweating and get back to sleep. And doing that several times a night. Withdrawal so bad that you start having auditory hallucinations so as soon as you can stomach it (which might take a couple of days so enjoy that schizophrenic trip) you down some cheap vodka. When I realized I had gone through the DTs and could've died but said "Eh gotta die somehow" I knew I had a problem. And I didn't really care not for a long time..I've been drinking since 17. I'm 24 now. 3 years ago I could've stopped and drank regularly. But somewhere between 2 and 3 years ago I crossed a line...If you can drink regularly do so. Just keep it to 2 to 3 drinks 3 or 4 days a week. If you feel the need to go past that maybe it's not for you. As for me there's no going back.
I love this post. It relates to me in a way that screams idendity. I relate to how it gave you an idendity and how it made you closer to all the drunk authors and celebrities. ..Your post is the reason i joined this subreddit because it shows that my situation is not unique 
Same but different...I was never told that I will become an alcoholic. There is no family history going back generations. I've asked all the anuts and uncles and none of them ever even hinted that somewhere in the past there were family members with an affinity for alcohol......and then there is me. ..Life of the party. Loved to drink. Several mornings a week I swore-off alcohol forever...I never saw any glory in it. Of course I never looked but by the time I was 23 I knew I would die if I kept it up...Many times over the last 35 years I've thought that maybe I was just being a normal knucklehead and that by now I could likely be a responsible social drinker...There is however that part of me that knows I could also become an asshole drunk again if I have even one drink and I'm not willing to take that chance...Every good thing that has happened in my life is a direct result of my getting sober and staying that way...I belong here even if the rest of my family doesn't...This ain't a bad place to be...Welcome.
Hey dude I remember you from CA. Glad you're ok.
[deleted]
Why do you think you need to know whether you are an alcoholic in order to get and stay sober?  I know plenty of "earth people" who do sober and live amazing lives.
[deleted]
This is an AWESOME post.  Thank you!
[deleted]
Hey I'm 26 and got sober at 24! And yep I remember going to AA meetings with my parents as a kid and all the warnings I got too. For a while I totally romanticized it. And then everyone else grew up and it was like I was getting less responsible regressing. Because of drinking. People talk about how much they lost drinking but for me it wasn't that I lost it it's that I was never going to get it in the first place unless I stopped. ..Sometimes my brain does that "it's unlikely you'll never drink again I mean you were going through trauma and lots if heavy stuff. Once you learn the tools you won't drink like that." ..And here's the thing: that voice that says "maybe I don't belong." It's pretty convincing. But not as convincing as the hell that detox was. Not as convincing for all those mistakes and relationships I blew up. Not as convincing as the more than once I tried to moderate and failed. Not as convincing as my unhappiness was then and my happiness is now. So on some days I have a choice or at least I'm optimistic-nearing-unwise enough to think so.  And I choose to keep doing the things that have worked in making my life stable productive and happy for nearly 3 years. That means no drinking. For me drinking will never make a bad situation better and it won't make a good one more memorable. ..The nice thing about the decision is I only have to make it for today. Tomorrow I can review the evidence and make another choice. 
