-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jp2xx/just_figured_out_i_am_an_alcoholic/

Hey everyone. Been lurking for awhile but finally made the decision to stop drinking TODAY. I've struggled with alcohol for years but never thought I had a problem because I would typically only drink in social situations and always thought of alcoholics as they types of folks that drink in morning and drink everyday. Most of my drinking in college was done on weekend nights but I would binge...hard. Blackouts were not uncommon at all. I met a wonderful woman while in school and we got married soon after I graduated and started working. That's when things started to get worse. Just after starting my job I got diagnosed with a progressive disease that while it can be kept in control still has the potential to be very dangerous. This really shook my world. I started drinking during the week more planning my drinking so that if I started drinking right when I got home I knew that I could pass out by nine and basically be ok for work the next day. I drank more because of the stress and scaryness of my newfound diagnosis even though I knew that drinking made my disease worse. This continued for awhile until my wife became pregnant. I was so happy that my disease became less of a focus for me and I started focusing on the new baby more. I was ecstatic. I also thought for sure that the drinking would stop. Unfortunately it didn't it just changed forms. I would start doing the things that /u/HuffmanSULM described in a post recently. For example I would pour a glass of wine for myself and my wife but pour myself MUCH more and chug it down to an acceptable level on the way over to the living room so it looked like I just poured myself a small glass. I would routinely by flask sized bottles of whiskey and store them under the bathroom sink. When my wife and I would have a glass of wine each time I would go to the bathroom I would take a swig To my wife it looked like I only had a glass of wine but I would secretly be drunk. I really thought it would end with the new baby but it didnt. Last night my wife and were at a wedding in upstate New York. I promised to DD but as usual got carried away and got absolutely hammered. My wife had to drive us home (she only had a glass because she stopped drinking once she saw how drunk I was already at that point)....So here I am. I have had enough of this drug. I have relied on it for far too long and I have downplayed its influence on my life as well as denied my drinking problem for the last time. I am so scared to make this huge step but exhilarated to change my life. I know it is going to be hard but thankfully you guys seem like a great support team! 
----------immediate responses--------

There's no deception like self-deception. Welcome to the party...You can do it. Focus on the right here and now drink lots of water go out for walks and keep yourself occupied instead of drinking. Symptoms like sleeplessness sweating anxiety if they are bothering you will pass. Your body needs time to readjust to normal...I recommend you read Alan Carr's Easy Way book linked on the sidebar to your right.
Welcome /u/sleeplessinphoenix to /r/stopdrinking -- why don't you look at this [post that I call the "Baby Steps?"](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2gg9tp/where_to_start_stopping_the_baby_steps/)  I hope you join us on this journey friend.
Welcome!
I'm glad to hear you want to get better!!!! Step one down :) but you got this post here when you feel the need to drink. Talking and posting helps a lot it will take the edge off and we will help encourage you and tell you that you are a wonderful person and you don't need to drink. I've been struggling with it for years now and I'm finally on day 5. I too used to hide drinks in flasks and such. But you don't need to anymore! You are part of the community! It takes time but slowly your fangs will disappear and then sobriety will be your high. You can do it amigo!!! Just post if you have an urge that's what I do :) we are all here to help!!!
&gt;planning my drinking so that if I started drinking right when I got home I knew that I could pass out by nine and basically be ok for work the next day...This is one of my former patterns.  I was like "no morning booze no work-time booze so I'm fine right?"  Wrong.  I full well knew I was not "fine."..&gt;I really thought it would end with the new baby but it didnt. ..Oh that list of reasons to quit!  "I'll stop when I get away from this high stress job."  Nope.  "I'll stop when I get through my partner's illness."  Nope.  "I'll stop when . . . " (fill in some other reason I'm drinking.)  Nope.  ..All of my vows were sincere.  And all of those reasons I drank really *were* reasons I drank.  But I failed to realize that I had more than one "reason to drink" at all times.  Reason number one was always "You're addicted.  So drinking is what you do."  Reasons number two three etc. were the other reasons.  They were real reasons.  But they weren't THE reason.  So when they passed the REAL reason stayed and so did the drinking...You know you're addicted.  You know you can't even have one drink.  So just don't pick up that first one.  Welcome to our path.
Keep busy and have sweets like candy on hand as it can help with cravings. If things get too bad before you take that drink make a deal with yourself to first call an addiction hotline or a sober friend. Have the numbers programmed in or next to your phone. Good luck.
I'm right here with you on Day 1.  It is strange how many things we do that are similar.  Hiding a flask of Whiskey in the bathroom was my go to move.  No one ever saw me drinking enough to get drunk. I just told everybody I was a lightweight as I sipped on a couple of beers between frequent bathroom visits.  ..Keep up the good spirits!
I'm sitting here in the middle of day 5 looking back at you. All I have to say is that from day 5 it is so worth it. I realized that I was shooting myself in the foot when it came to so many things I wanted to achieve. ..I think you'll re realize goals you had forgotten about. Before and after physique photos to come!..Keep with it man!
Welcome aboard!  Your life is about to get so much better!
I found that it felt good really good to stop lying to myself about this - I hope you have the same experience.
We're in totally different phases of our lives. I'm only 21 but today is my quit day as well so we have that in common.  ..You can check my post history for the thread I submitted about my drinking to this sub last night.  .  .I was gonna start Monday. But due to the inspiration of this subreddit I nursed this mornings hangover with coffee and an omelette instead of a couple shots.  .  .It's now the late afternoon and imagining how my day would have played out if I started drinking makes me really glad to be sober. Those two shots would've turned into 7 and dinner with my mom would've become the classic wine-chug maneuver you described getting just drunk enough to play it off but probably overshooting the mark.   .  ..Anyway shit I don't mean to hijack your thread and make this about me.  .  .I'm just sayin that since we're both starting on the same day cheers! We're in this together in a way :)
Welcome! You will never regret this decision. This sub is a fantastic place of support. I have found AA to be a really important part of my recovery as well. Congrats on day one of your new healthy life. 
&gt;I would pour a glass of wine for myself and my wife but pour myself MUCH more and chug it down to an acceptable level on the way over to the living room so it looked like I just poured myself a small glass..I do exactly the same thing! (or rather I did - let's see how far I can take this ten-day sobriety streak :-)..Thanks for posting it's somewhat comforting to know how similar some people's situations are to my own. I too became a father earlier this year. After my child was born I didn't drink for 34 days as I knew there'd be interrupted sleep and lots of effort learning how to care for a baby. Feeling pleased with my success at self-control I allowed myself a single beer or glass of wine with dinner. That lasted a week or two. Then pretty quickly I was back into the full-blown drinking alone after my wife went to bed. ..Leading up to my last drink ten days ago I had five nights in a row where I drank at least two bottles of wine sometimes nearly three. It's so stupid I've built up such a tolerance to booze (possibly because I'm a big guy) that it takes loads to get me drunk. That's all I wanted to get drunk or heavily buzzed and then I'd stop and go to bed. But I realised that each time I got drunk it didn't actually do anything for me. My problems were still there the next day I still completely sucked as a musician (I used to think drinking would give me the self-confidence to practice more and suck less when in reality all I did was browse Reddit with a glass of wine in my hand) etc. Sorry I'm waffling I should make my own post rather than take up space in your thread...&gt;So here I am. I have had enough of this drug. I have relied on it for far too long and I have downplayed its influence on my life as well as denied my drinking problem for the last time. I am so scared to make this huge step but exhilarated to change my life..Me too brother. I wish you the very best I'm excited for both of us!
[deleted]
Welcome home!  It's going to take some work and you may not notice at first but you've just started making a wonderful new life for yourself and your family...I used to do exactly the same kinds of things.  Sneaking drinks hiding booze planning my drinking.  I was a professional drunkard and my friends my family my job(s) and my life started to get left behind.  It's funny how as a person gets better at drinking he or she gets worse at everything else.  You should feel very proud that you have the self-awareness to make this decision relatively early before your drinking had a chance to ruin your life...In the first few weeks and months these words helped me get through some tough times (and there WILL be hard times in anyone's life):  "Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change the strength to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference."  Some people put the word "God" in front of it but I'm not religious so I don't.  I thought it might help you.  Maybe it will maybe it won't the important thing is that you do what works for you.  That and don't drink...Congratulations!..
