-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jpny8/7_days/

This is my first time posting on Reddit ever so please go easy on me. I never really had a reason to I guess until I found this sub...I'm not quite ready to go into detail about my struggles and what led me here but it has been exactly 7 days since my last drink. It might not be a feat to some but I made it through an entire stressful week of school work homework and errands. Not to mention I spent my first weekend in years completely sober...I thought about it however every single day. Do those thoughts ever go away? I assume not. ..I haven't told anyone about my decision to stop except for my boyfriend and my mom; both are super supportive. My fear is that the more people who know the more people who will be disappointed in me if I slip up or just downright fail. I feel that added pressure would not be a good thing for me. Anyone else have this problem?..Just getting this all out in writing feels great! There's a long road ahead but I am proud of myself for making it this far because I wasn't sure it was going to happen...If you're still with me here thank you for taking the time to read this. I'm open to any advice or words of wisdom. If I didn't have your guys' stories to read and relate to I don't think my first week would have went so well.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I haven't told anyone about my decision to stop except for my boyfriend and my mom; both are super supportive. My fear is that the more people who know the more people who will be disappointed in me if I slip up or just downright fail. I feel that added pressure would not be a good thing for me. Anyone else have this problem?..Taken from /r/fitness:..&gt;"Substitution" is a well known psychological effect: when you announce your goals to people you receive psychological satisfaction and it makes it less likely you achieve them.  If you walk around telling friends "I'm going to lose 80 lbs" this makes it less likely you will lose it. If you must tell them something tell them what you've already done: "I have lost 10 lbs" but don't talk about your goal (although you should certainly have one)...Just something to think about.  Good work so far and good luck.
Hey /u/rainandrugs. Welcome to SD! :)..Congrats on making it through week 1. That's awesome! What is your plan for continued sobriety? Some go to AA SMART or other recovery groups. I go to SMART once a week in my city and find this really helps but posting here on SD daily is a huge benefit. There are many paths to sobriety but all of them seem to have some kind of support system. What do you think yours will be?
This is so awesome! Welcome and congratulations!..And don't believe anybody who doesn't believe that seven days is a HUGE deal. It is a HUGE DEAL. And it's great that you made it!..Please feel at home here look around post more as you feel comfortable and go get a badge for chrissakes!
&gt; I thought about it however every single day. Do those thoughts ever go away? I assume not...They haven't totally gone away for me yet but they do lessen drastically as time goes on.  First 3 days it was like a 24 hour constant thought.  Now it is much more rare.  I had a craving thought Saturday morning but didn't think scotch once all Sunday...Good luck with your sobriety.
Ha ha! I've head some of these same struggles including not understanding reddit very well. My advice such that it is is to get a badge. I love seeing that number go up each day! Good luck to you. There's a lot of support here!
