-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jt9qq/i_was_at_61_days/

And I saw my ex. I look back at it now and it sounds like such a stupid reason to relapse. She just seemed so happy and she's moving forward with her life. Meanwhile I'm stuck in the stalemate with life at the moment. The first step to getting out of it was to stop drinking but I did that and I felt great. But I was still stuck in the same place. I woke up yesterday feeling terrible and hungover. Have to get back on the saddle today guys. I'm probably going to need some major support here in the next few days along with the meetings.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't sweat it! You f'ed up once it's not a big deal just get back to what works and carry on. And don't feel crappy because your life hasn't miraculously transformed itself in a couple months...quitting drinking is a HUGE positive change for your life and you should be proud as hell. You can make other changes in time. And you'll have the strength and presence to make them because you'll be sober!
Welcome back! Glad you made it. Sounds like you could use more support. I found it by having a therapist and going to AA meetings. 
Well poopy pants.  Things like this happen good work on the honesty and getting back in the saddle...Sounds like you're planning on getting to a meeting which is good too...And yeah engage here!
One of the biggest things I had a hard time doing was forgiving myself I could forgive everyone else but me. And this caused me to drink many of the times I did. I know seeing someone you were close to is tough but you can do it :) yesterday was the past and today is the start of your new future :) you can do it!!! Just get back up and just keep pressing forward day by day :) 
Welcome back my friend...we have a lot in common. I saw my ex and it quickly led to a relapse in the same night. Fast forward to right when the bender was ending I was belligerently messaging her on Facebook calling her names trying to interfere with her new relationship...real Mr. Hyde shit. Emotions are hard to deal with but that's what recovery is about. Good luck and please feel free to PM me anytime
Hey Zep.  You have no idea if shes happy.  You have no idea if shes moving forward with her life.  Don't let others outsides rule your insides.  take some proactive steps and I wish you all the best.   Also only because of what you said and the age we live in I would strongly suggest doing away with any and all social media during early recovery.
I've been thinking about relapse a lot lately and I think I just realized I've been looking for excuses. I was also planning on seeing someone who I have no business seeing right now.  ..Welcome back glad it was a short run.
