-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2juw2g/struggling_a_bit/

Hi guys life is awesome and haven't checked in for about a week. Then out of the blue my boss calls up and reminds me about the 2day conference at the end of this month which includes a dinner and they have paid the accommodation so we can have a big night out. They have also arranged transportation. The conference is compulsory for continued professional development points to stay registered in my profession. Yet the function is at a casino and it's a drunk feast that ends up at a strip club...I basically said yeah sounds great can't wait. But it made me shit myself. I even thought about having just 1 night out. But I know that has been my undoing in the past. I'm really happy know and the thought of even the slight chance of going back to the old me make want to cry...I know I'm pretty far into sobriety to be asking for advice with these events. I'm a 31 year old family man with no friends or a social life so it's been easier than most people to avoid these drinking events. I've been to one sober camping trip and been out for dinner twice over the past 5 months as my only social outings. I've pulled out at the last minute of other work drinking functions but I'm starting to think it's not an option here. Would appreciate any advice
----------immediate responses--------

I'd use the medication excuse personally. I'm not ready to tell my colleagues I'm an alcoholic but I could definitely act my way into a medical reason to not drink.  ..I don't think you should ever feel bad about asking for advice. From what I've read and learned in my short time in recovery we are all making the same choice to not drink every single day whether we are 100 days in 1 agin or 45 years in....right? ..You can do it. :) best of luck to you. 
We need to work on getting a good social network for you! Maybe there is someone here that lives where you are going and can help out how I don't know but could be helpful. Maybe you can ask someone to be your text buddy to check in with or someone to phone? Sometimes just knowing you have a conversation scheduled might help? 
This is how you do it: at 162 days or 16 years sober--ask for advice.  My advice is to don't drink TODAY; plan not to drink tomorrow; and keep repeating no matter what happens.  When on the conference get to destination city AA meetings.  Have fun.
