-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jy66r/how_many_times_have_you_quit_drinking/

I've been on and off the wagon A LOT. I'm four days back on. It seems the longer I'm sober the easier it is to relapse. How about you folks?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I've thought about quitting a lot but this is my first time to actually make an effort. 8 days in and I'm feeling better than I have for a long time. Keep it up! Don't give in! :)
This is my first time.  Like /u/quirkyperson I had a few half hearted attempts to stop but I never took them seriously by working a program of recovery or getting any treatment.
I've quit 6 or 7 times in the last 10 years.  Currently 2 months and 12 days sober. Longest I've gone is 1 year.  This time feels different.  I read Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Drinking over the summer and it made a difference for me.  AA puts blame on the individual.  Easy Way puts blame on the alcohol.
That's exactly why some of us push having a plan including smart aa or some other program. I could not stop on my own - not for long  ..Took a while to "get it " in AA but this time it worked.  
This is my first time quitting for this long- -I've done lots of 10-week 90-day etc. challenges.
I think if it is easier that means my hate for myself is deeper and I care less and less if I ever wake up. Recovery requires me to believe I deserve better and that is really tough to do when I clearly don't give a shit about living. 
First time. Lucky enough to get straight into AA and work a program.
This is my first time.
Once. 
Never. I've only stopped for one day.
Wow everybody is saying "only once"! Some strong people in here. I'll say I really seriously tried to stop 3 times (this is the third) although I too had a few of those half-hearted attempts..&gt;  longer I'm sober the easier it is to relapse..In my experience this was only true for the first week or so. After that it got easier and every time I relapsed the week following it was SO MUCH harder.
Once
I've taken breaks I've tried to moderate and I was pregnant once (have an almost 4 year old) so I cut WAYYYYY bak while pregs and early on in breast feeding. I've never tried to stop for good until now.
This is my first time trying to quit for good. I've only used reading on SD as support. 
I had a two year period where I kept drinking and going to meetings and lying about it. I consider that period just one giant relapse. Then things got really bad and I tried to kill myself and that has led to my current sober time. But really like others have said I only have today.
I took half hearted breaks before but this is my first genuine attempt 
3 days into my first attempt.  .  .I've tried and failed to quit smoking several times however so that gave me a good base of understanding of the kinda shit that sends me back to square one.  .  ."I'm over the hump I can bum a smoke or two on campus."  . ."Buy American spirits for just this weekend. Not even your brand so you won't get hooked. Give what's left over to a hobo on Monday."  .  ."Just buy a pack and only smoke to watch the sunset as a wind down ritual" this was probably the goofiest obvious addict brain justification.  .  .  .Anyway here's hoping I've wised up to this nonsense thinking and won't succumb to it with drinking. No wine with dinner just cuz it's thanksgiving dammit! No whiskey cuz you're hunting with your dad in South Dakota and you're on vacation (as if my brain responds to alcohol differently across state lines)
2nd time. I had about 6 months the first go around and then the Super Bowl rolled around. I thought that I could handle a few drinks responsibly. Um no. Binged hard for about a month. Resorted to drinking the fucking vanilla extract at one point. It was pathetic. I fight everyday to never get to a low like that again. 
I knew for a long time that I had a problem. I tried to quit a few times but nothing ever stuck. It finally came down to either getting drunk or being a responsible dad. I figured there really wasn't an option there... 
I quit many times for periods from a week to a month to 6 years. ..But I only got sober once this time. 
I think this is my fourth maybe fifth serious attempt all in the past 12 months. They were all successes in the sense that I learned about the addiction and myself more each time I fell off the wagon. I don't consider them failed attempts I consider them part of the same part of the (very challenging) journey that has lead up to now and a sobriety that I find for the most part psychologically comfortable instead of frustrating or fragile.
I have attempted to quit probably 15 times. For realz. At different points I've had a year three months two months one month two weeks a week five days two days and one day...What matters is TODAY. Don't drink today and it's all that matters. Good luck!!
I used to "attempt" to stop on a very regular basis.  Sometime daily. I drank every day for about 8 years most of against my own will.  Until I went to rehab and then AA.  I have not had to take a drink since. I desperately needed people to tell me I was OK and things would get better.  That is where AA came in. 
Probably about 8 "OK after I drink this bottle no more" resolutions in the 5 years before I really did it. They usually lasted less than a week and then I'd decide I could do it later instead.
This is my third attempt at quitting. My first try started last year around this time and ended a little over two months later while on vacation. When I got home the next week I decided I would try to pick up where I left off and again that lasted about a month and a half before I decided I would try drinking again with firm rules for moderation. Turns out that only works for so long and I found myself once again tired of the whole thing and wanting to give it up.
[deleted]
First try for me here.
Once. 
Second time.  Made it 100 days last time.  Getting close to that milestone  but my heads in a very different place this time around.   
I've made more half-assed attempts than I can count. Only three serious attempts in the past 12 years where I took positive action instead of just making resolutions to myself.
