-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2k65iq/major_life_changes_after_sobriety/

I've read it before that we're not supposed to make any major decisions or changes in our first year of sobriety and this is not exactly the same thing but I'm struggling with something and well something's gotta change...My job has been a constant source of stress and frustration for the past nine years and I've used this as an excuse to down a few bottles of wine per night a few times a week especially when the stress was *really* bad. I quit drinking and realized that a large part of the stress was working with the hangovers and while feeling shitty. I feel better emotionally and health wise and my job and life in general is much more manageable. The problem is that I'm still stressed but soberly so. And still frustrated and ugh! I've hit a wall. I no longer want nor do I feel like I can tolerate this career... I work in academia as a discipline chair and the culture at my college is - I hate it. I love my students I love teaching I hate administrators and I hate the bullshit paperwork necessary for my job duties and needed to keep my program running (or bullshit busywork our admin throws at us) which all add up to well beyond 40 hours a week and I cannot *stand* the politics. I do not have the option to step down - I either stay or leave and I'm thinking more and more everyday about leaving...I guess part of me feels like I'm rediscovering the richness that is life the beauty around me and our precious it all is and I'd rather spend quality time with people rather than waste time with papers/on the computer. I struggle not to throw all my papers in the air kick my computer over and just walk out...Reality: I have a house and a mortgage and I want to start having kids... And well we gotta eat right? No other similar position in this area of the state. Great pay/benefits/retirement plan and job security. Reality is also that I've got 26 fucking years until I retire. I can't do this for 26 more years. I'm not sure what I'm going to do right now but I definitely have to finish the academic year so nothing too rash. I want a major life change. I don't want to do what I'm doing anymore. I'm pigeonholed in this specific field though... So I might be starting again from scratch and would be taking a massive salary cut. Is this even rational?..Has anyone else made any major life changes after you got sober? What happened? How did it work out? I wanna hear your stories... Tell me your stories please?.
----------immediate responses--------

Well I relapsed for a few months this past summer but my 9 months clean last year changed my life significantly. I'm just thankful my attempt at moderation didn't cause any permanent damage...Education tl;dr: I flunked eleventh grade English the first time around. I took an extra year and a half of high school. I flunked out of community college at 19. ..Through that whole mess I was told I could accomplish great things if I just put in some effort. I didn't believe it. I assumed every idiot was fed that garbage...During the first six months of my sobriety I wrote the beginnings of a novel. I used it in my application as a mature student to a post-graduate writing program. Got accepted. They flagged my prior education. Appealed it. Got accepted again. ..I work with smarty-pants English majors who talk about literary nuances I can only pretend to understand. I graduate in a few weeks. I'll have a post grad certificate from a university and I don't even have a bachelor's degree...The more I think about it the more I'm kicking myself for attempting moderation.
Big time for me! I quit a 20 year profession because I deserve MUCH better. I loved it I'm still passionate about it but there was zero upward mobility my pay is the same since 1998. It ended on a high note. I'm going back to school in January. When I'm done I'm moving back to San Diego occupationally and financially secure. I love it there but since I wasn't getting raises for 15 years my cost of living had raised considerably. forcing me to live in shitty neighborhoods with shitty accommodations. Forced me to move out of state...Let me tell you I have never been more excited for winter in a place were they can be rough...I should add that "what's next" was seriously driving me batty because my daughter was born very close to my one year so EVERYONE was asking me and I just didn't know the time leading up to her birth was VERY emotional and the worst possible time to make decisions for big change.
[deleted]
I imagine you didn't become discipline chair overnight. One of the rewards of success is more paperwork. :)..I have a friend in academia who found herself in a somewhat similar situation. Unlike you she took a leap of faith and quit her job without anything else lined up to replace it against all sound and reasonable advice. She couldn't find anything like a good alternative and now regrets it. It's been said that "nothing ventured nothing gained" but "look before you leap" is a sensible saying too...Only you can decide if it's the job or your ability to cope (and how much each of those is likely to improve with time). Either way it sounds like a career change could be simultaneously exhilarating and at least temporarily stressful. Do you go with the devil you know or the devil you don't know? ..Getting sober was easily the biggest change of my life. I decided not to make any *other* major changes in approximately my first year (there's nothing particularly magical about day #366) simply because I was already making the monumental change of being sober. I made sobriety number one and everything that came second came first class. It was deferred gratification...I agree it's wise to take it slow. One-day-at-a-time is not just for not drinking.
I think there are subtleties to that *1 year - no big changes* advice that are worth considering. Chief among them in my experience is to try to avoid being *reactive.* To avoid acting *against* something as opposed to making active decisions that have some positivity. ..So to use your situation I'd say that quitting a job you're tired of now given that your family depends on it *might* be reactive. On the other hand quitting your job because you are starting your new dream career as a chef--that's a positive change...You wanted a story. Without details--In my first year of not drinking in reaction to a bad relationship I made decisions that didn't address the situation temporarily alleviating my pain. These decisions were ultimately were terribly unfair and unethical and hurt other people. I rationalized them at the time and indeed they *seemed* reasonable. In retrospect I was crazy stupid and selfish in the way that recovery seems to promote but to an extreme. My judgement was bad. ..Of course your situation is different--but my point is that if the question at hand *at all* smells of reactivity and rationalization my advice would be to allow more time to pass. Not because I think you may wake up one day and find a rekindled love for your job but because you currently have no other plan. Work that problem--not what you don't want to do but what is your vision for what's next?
Does this help?..* The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet.     James Oppenheim *
I think sunjim gave excellent advice to not be reactive. sumtimes_slowly gave an excellent example of the potential downside. It is OK to change jobs but absolutely have a new one in place before you quit. It is a tough job market out there and the older you get the tougher you will find it - especially if there is a break in employment. Also get a reality check from other people. All jobs have some degree of politics headaches bad bosses etc. but they also have good points. ..I quit a good job three years ago and had a rough time of it. I was completely unprepared for how the job hunt had changed due to both technology and the current job market. I also did not understand that being over 40 put me in the "mature worker" category. Employers are on the look out for mature workers who seem to have burned out and lost steam. I eventually found an OK job - the working conditions are great but the pay/standard of living took a real hit. ..Bottom line: it is fine to make a change but plan for it. Make sure you understand all the implications first. Make sure the change is not driven by emotions being reactive or expectations that the change will magically make things all better.
What do you mean "I can't step down"?  If you can't step down why are you talking about leaving?  Are leaving and stepping down the same thing?..No major changes in the first year is a rehab thing not even an AA thing although you'll hear it all the time in AA.  If it is time to change I am an advocate for it.
Take your time the year thing (or longer) has come from much experience...I made major changes a divorce after 4 years job changes early retirement a second marriage a major move - in my experience doors open when you are ready to go through them.  Yeah kinda woo woo and it definitely was not on the time frame I had in mind.  ..&gt;I quit drinking and realized that a large part of the stress was working with the hangovers and while feeling shitty   - **that is progress major progress** -..Next if I may - check your attitudes.  yeah cheesy motivational posters come to mind but it can make all the difference.  Find a  TA or some other lower life form to do the paperwork.  Become a master at cut and paste use alanon slogans for the politics "don't rent space in your head"  "other peoples opinions of you are none of your business"...finally as much as you hate where you are there are hordes out there who would sell vital organs to be in your shoes... gratitude lists are always good...
I made many major life changes after getting sober. Took on new roles and responsibilities at my job excelled there. Got involved with a professional organization and started learning a lot of new skills. Started biking a lot and going on long organized rides. Started dating again met the girl of my dreams married her. Then when management changed and the job became intolerable I left and started up an independent business and started teaching as well. ..The rule of thumb is not to make any major life changes in your first year of sobriety. This is a rule of thumb not a law. Someone in an abusive relationship or a job dangerous to their sobriety for example can and should make immediate changes in my opinion. ..You need to ride our the academic year anyway and you can't just say "fuck it" and walk out. That gives you 7 months to figure something out. That's a good position to be in. My advice is to ask around talk to people within the school. Things are often less rigid and we often have more options than we think. From a management point of view it is much better to move a good employee to a position they like than to replace them when they leave. Maybe you can return to more teaching maybe you can get some help with the paperwork. Maybe this job is a stepping stone to something better that everyone has to put up with for a year or two. Talk to people in the school find out your options...I think the alcoholic response is to say "fuck it" and just walk out or quit. (Or if that isn't possible then to sit and simmer in resentment.) ..The sober response is to work towards a better situation. For you that could be within your school or outside it. You could just put 30 minutes toward this every day and see major progress by the end of the school year. ..Good luck.
What's the harm in looking for jobs while you're still working to see what's out there? You never know you might find something even better than you expected.
Sometimes major changes are necessary. I was so lost in early sobriety I didn't even notice some of them. For me I went from a full-blown addiction to jail to a treatment center to working full time and living in a 3/4 house all in the first three months. 3 months later I'd fallen for a girl in recovery and spent a few months in pain ( and subsequently writing inventory helping people) after that. Got a new job at the one year mark and started making some other huge changes in my life not directly relates to the steps at that point. A quick glimpse at my posting history will reveal all that. ..I don't buy into the "no major changes for a year" thing. Change is bound to happen and probably should as someone emerging from the mire of alcoholism. I'd highlight the importance of staying connected to a program and using the fuck out of its tools. Go forth and kick ass at life...From my experience though just saying getting involved with that girl early on hurt like the dickens.
