-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2k8989/day_44_its_still_building_i_can_feel_it/

I am changing every damn day still growing reconstructing reconfiguring blasting off.  My coworkers see it my previous lovers want it the universe is watching and so am I...I wake up still in struggle everyday with longing.  I just want more more and more in my life.  Systematically I'm turning on an hour before my alarm.  I put in my headphones immediately and start to build the confidence I need to get through the first few hours.  I make it through work but not without deep breaths and shrugs.  I feel like ripping out my bones.  I want out of the place; I want to run and feel how I feel inside.  Work is too tame now too much of a bore too little for what's happening with me...I'm thinking about her thinking about my life in the greatest context thinking about getting out of this place.  ..By clock out I'm checking in in my heart.  That moment is when I feel whole again.  I can't concentrate on the mundane; I want music I want promise I want love.  ..By the night my confidence has skyrocketed into the stratosphere.  I can do anything be anyone go anywhere.  This is my life right here and now and I can change it when I want I'm that powerful.  I'm becoming who I once was but a better more improved version a new model...Last night I comforted my first love as she called with a broken heart in tears; there was a time I would have never done such a thing.  And my ex called after telling me how she's changing her life; she said she looked to me for inspiration.  And an old friend sent a random message saying my life has change how he lives.  This is who I am a man to reach out and help to comfort to be there to inspire change in the world by changing myself.  In alcohol I was alone cold cynical and lost in the dark...I'm never going back; I'm interested in what's ahead.  Starting to notice the details of life too.  There's these moments that are so unbelievably beautiful that if you're not sober and clear to notice you'll miss it forever...Love love love this.  Friday night and going to a haunted house no drinks only screams...EDIT: I just got back from the haunted house and tucking in my first love over the phone.  I love the appreciation in this sub; I'm so grateful to all of you for making me feel not alone thank you. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Good stuff and work here /u/AN_HONEST_COMMENT -- keep doing what you're doing.
I can relate to that feeling of skyrocketed confidence. Keep it up!
Amazing expression of how you are feeling. So much yes.
Nicely written! Inspiring :)
Great post! I too am often bursting with energy ferocity. Do you channel that energy in any way?
Damn! That was really inspiring!
Good comment I just meditated and this is just the comment I wanted to read - so positive and full of life and love. Thank you my friend. I'm favoriting this :)
I really enjoyed this and can relate. 
Did you call all your exes and tell them you quit drinking?
You are crazy beautiful suck the splendour and richness from the colourful pageant of the senses unfiltered and only exalted by your lovely spirit and mind 
Holy crap!!!  Keep it up!!!
Thanks! I needed that.
That is what recovery is all about. And it makes the difference from just being sober. Congratulations!
I am on day 23. I am not so crazy about counting days. But I gotta say I am excited now and I feel like at least in some part i share your excitement. I've been able to really focus and become interested in my work. I am still learning to deal with my emotions but I am more clear on how I feel. I am starting to remember things. I am able to hold a better conversation and form longer and more to-the-point sentences. I can also relate to the part where you talk about women. It's been so much easier for me lately to spend quality fine with my gf. She doesn't seem like a bitch anymore and also it seems me not drinking has prompted her not to drink booze either. We use to get drunk over few bottles of wine on the weekends and binge on movies. Now that's history we have more fun and geniouine good time laughing joking and having great discussions. I feel like I am getting to know her. I've had some bad days too since I quit mostly due to mild insomnia and emotions like anger frustration sadness etc. but it's getting better .  A lot better. Congratulations on your progress!! 
[deleted]
Inspirational &amp; a great kickstarter to the day. Keep it coming. I'm feeling it.
