-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2karok/day_30_aa_is_a_bit_of_a_flop_but_i_have_an/

 Just rambling....The more AA meetings I go to the weirder they seem to get. I have tried to make connections with some other alcoholics but despite their extended time in they seem to be more stressed out about not drinking than I am. I live in a fairly small town. There seems to be a core group of people that are kind of fanatical about attending most of the local meetings. And there appears to be a common thread of disability or retirement income within that group. I was sort of butthurt and confused over being accused of relapse because I didn't go to a meeting for a week or so. Again these people have incomes and free time that I just don't have. I have to find work ASAP. So have been staying super busy with looking for a job and taking care of business during the week. Being that busy has left me too wiped out to make it to evening meetings. I just don't get why that means I must have relapsed. Have also been told that my attitude is wrong. I can't drink it's not option seems very simple to me. After solemnly promising the father the son and the holi ghost (my brother who sort of walks on water) that I won't drink anymore the consequences of a relapse would be beyond devastating. This also seems to annoy the AA people am wondering if it is because my motivation to stay sober is based on not betraying the faith that the non-alcoholics in my life have in me? IDK. Anyway the non-alcoholics have kept their word they check up on me answer calls/texts and have been way more supportive than those involved in the 12 step program. Am hoping that the alcohol treatment program will not ask me to do 90 in 90 I can't afford the gas to drive to the next town over.;)...Thanks for being there and letting me ramble.    
----------immediate responses--------

Hey not every group is a good fit. Try shopping around if you can for groups that you feel more comfortable in. And I think there's SMART Recovery for people who don't want to or can't go to AA meetings.
These guys sound pretty dysfunctional and you sound like you know your mind on this one. I'm glad you have your intake coming up and your job interview too. I can really see how getting sober in a small town has unique challenges.
Explain how you were accused of relapse for my own clarification. 
I went to an 11 AM meeting with one of my redditor buds--we had a mini-meetup.  Great meeting run by one of my old dear friends in the program.  I'm glad my pal /u/any_other at the meeting.  That just might become one of my regulars.
There's nothing in AA for me. Their program has nothing to do with alcohol. 
AA can be a real drag. I've been less and less a fan of the meetings myself. The first and easiest advice is to try other meetings or support systems. The group I liked was easygoing but really good at digging into recovery issues and focusing on that. Several weeks back there was a new secretary and suddenly everything has become very driven by AA dogma odd quasi-evangelical reverence for the big book and people have gotten very pushy. Meanwhile instead of discussing recovery or anything related to it it's just people talking about how great AA is and how much they love AA....... for me all of the above is totally contrary to why I'm in AA. I'm trying to deal with issues in my recovery solidify my decisions understand more about what to expect and how other people deal with things. I'm not looking to find a religion to substitute for my own or a social club and I'm not going to help some power-tripping sponsor move to a new apartment to prove I'm willing "to go to any length for recovery". ..I'm hoping there's an AA meeting that is a little more like my group used to be but i'm also trying to make a SMART meeting soon and am looking into dedicated addiction recovery group therapy sessions for a while. ..I know what you're feeling especially on the relapse accusation (I got that this week after skipping out for 8 days after some holier-than-thou douchebag said I wasn't sober because I didn't do things how he thought I should even though he'd just met me). It's absurdly rude for people to say that.
I find the non-alcoholics in my life a crucial part of my recovery. If I didn't have their support and the promises I have to live up to I don't see myself making it very far. Of course we all have to do this for ourselves but this is a different journey for each and every individual. Whatever gives you the strength to say "I will not drink today" should never be disregarded. Everyone has their own path and their own unique steps besides the 12 of AA.  
