-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kd7tv/was_alcohol_the_problem/

I am kind of looking for other peoples opinions on this. Let me start out by telling you a little about me so hopefully it makes more sense. I am a former heavy heavy alcoholic. Easily a case of beer a day + what ever liquor I needed to maintenance with kinda person. I did this for around 8-9 years until I decided I had a serious problem. ..So I did what a lot of people do and went to rehab where I learned all about my addiction. I learned about AA and such. Long story short left rehab-- did great pink cloud type of deal -- relapse eventually into another run. Which lead to my second trip to rehab. ..Some how after the second one and trying AA again in the middle of the confusing journey of getting sober I think I honestly figured out my problem. It was me. It was not the booze. I fought this realization for a while because in my opinion it is very hard to admit when you are the problem. ..I am now sitting here a year after my last trip to rehab in a much different place. I do still drink on occasion such as special events or a happy our drink with a burger. But I made my life about so much more. I did not give alcohol the room to be the boss any more. I realized that I am NOT helpless over alcohol. I had to change my self. The addictive behaviors that we all know so well to me were not a result of being a alcoholic.. they were the result of me making shitty choice after shitty choice. The lying manipulating and other common themes that I see in my friends who also suffer from addiction are not a result of the drugs and drinking. They are a symptom of a much bigger problem. ..I honestly believe this is why the treatment rates for addiction are so terrible. We do not seem to be treating the causes for addiction. From what I have seen everyone just gets told they are a addict who is powerless over all mind altering substances. When you tell someone they are truly powerless over something and do not give them any tools to actually help themselves what do you think will happen if they slip up and try just one more drink? ..I am not trying to say that AA is bad. It is certainly not at all. It helps insane amounts of people. But it is pretty much the leading way to treat addiction right now. ..There are tons of things that I do think AA does extremely well. The self reflection and accountability. Forcing people to really take a good look at themselves. This is what I truly believe separates the people who achieve long term sobriety from those who go on run after run. ...I can only speak for myself. I come from a long long line of alcoholics. Both sides of my immediate family are heavy every day drinkers. I will never be able to forget where addiction brought me and how it shaped my life. But I still believe addiction was the symptom of the real problem. Me...Please do not take this in a negative way. I really do think that any way someone can get sober has to be better than active addiction. But in your opinion was the alcohol the problem or were you the problem?..Sorry if this was poorly worded I am trying to get ready for work and just kinda threw this together. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me it was the booze.  ..Self-insight helped me not at all.  ..I needed to stop drinking and consistently for a good while before I had any sort of clarity.  After I stopped drinking and got sober over time counseling and ongoing active recovery changed everything.  That's why AA was and still is a huge part of my recovery.  
For me alcohol was the symptom / the inappropriate self medication of an inner angst - a twisted deformed self esteem and ANGER lots of anger..So long as I drank I could not make headway on it.  So long as I did not work on it I drank..For me AA - the steps and the fellowship both slowly untangled the knot I had become
Many issues going on here...Even the Big Book says that the drinking was but a symptom which is why (I believe) 'Don't Drink' isn't one of the 12 steps. That said once you've become addicted to alcohol your brain and body  have undergone very real changes some permanent that make you forever more susceptible to addiction. The longer you are addicted the more permanent the changes...The book Sober for Good presents evidence that a very small percentage of people with drinking problems revert to normal moderate drinking. However experience seems to point that this is the exception rather than the rule...AA does work well for a certain segment of alcoholics but not for others. While some benefit from the acceptance of powerlessness and ego busting that is at the core of AA others benefit more from being empowered and having their self-esteem and egos nurtured. There was a study the MATCH project that examined what you talked about and did indeed conclude that rehab needed to be individually tailored to each person's particular case. Unfortunately the rehab industry remains highly focused on a 12-Step approach (which does help many people). ..All that said only time and you will be able to judge if you have found the way that works for you.
Yes I agree I was (am) the problem. I get my feelings hurt easily. I think I'm awesome when I'm at best above average. I have opinions about things I have no business having opinions about. I feel I'm owed things I have not worked for. ..I will always maintain that I am powerless over alcohol. Once I have that first drink there is no stopping until I pass out or run out of resources. And if I run out of resources I will lie and manipulate my way into getting more resources for more alcohol. Once I stop drinking I have a mental obsession about alcohol for weeks or months after my last drink. If I don't do my daily routine to maintain my sobriety the mental obsession will come back and I will try to justify my first drink and minimize my problem. ..I AM powerless over alcohol but I am not powerless over the treatment of my alcoholism.
One of my buddies favorite story is from when he was in rehab. The group leader took a piece of notebook paper and tore off a corner. He held it up and said "This is your alcoholism." Then referring to the rest of the paper "These are your problems."..His point is that alcoholism is but a symptom of a much larger problem.
This sounds familiar to me.  .I am back in AA again.  
Alcohol was 100% the problem for me. I discussed this with numerous therapists and they all seemed to agree that once alcohol was removed I was pretty awesome and good at everything I did and that has held true. I just couldn't hit the bottle. ..I think this is something that obviously varies by the person but at least for ME if alcohol truly weren't the problem I would be back drinking and having fun and then worrying about solving the supposed real problem the next morning. But that's just me ymmv.
