-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kgs0b/no_longer_alone/

Acceptance of my problem has been a slow journey for me.  Each and every day though I seemed to get closer and closer to becoming honest with myself and just saying it making it real and facing the issue.  Today has become that day and I am ready to just get it out I am an alcoholic.  ..About a year ago or so it began to dawn on me that I was in a cycle.  No longer drinking for casual enjoyment here and there but drinking simply because when I get off work that's what I do.  It was no longer a conscious choice but rather my routine. My problem has been ramping up over the last several years.  At first it was a fifth of whiskey every week or two a couple of drinks a night.  As time went on I suddenly found myself at a place where I was taking down a liter of whiskey every 2 or 3 days and I continued that pace for several months. At this point I was hiding the drinking taking sips from the bottle when no-one was around looking at the bottle in the evening and wondering if I had enough for tomorrow.  When I started to become stressed over whether I had enough to drink or would be able to drink it clicked that I should probably back off.  I decided at that moment I did not need to continue like this...That moment was probably 6 months ago.  My drinking took a slight decline from that point moving forward but it did not go away. I had become aware that I had a problem and felt more ashamed when I consumed it fully aware that what I was doing was a bad choice.  Every so often I'd wake up hung-over from the night before and tell myself that was it no more liquor. I'd maybe last a couple of days sometimes not even a full day though before that thought would creep in and I'd break down and I'd make a purchase. .. Maybe just a little I can handle a little.  What's the big deal?   ..These thoughts?  Recognizing them for the self-destructive nature they were is when it clicked I'm not just a person that drinks a little too much I'm a person that has developed a drinking problem.  I had become an alcoholic; I had been one for a while.  It became something I needed to do not something I wanted to do...Coming to his realization my drinking has declined even more I was more vigilant that I did not need to drink and tried to remind myself that sobriety was he right answer.  Still though I am struggling with kicking the bottle completely.  I will now go a week or more without drinking before having those thoughts that lead me to a liquor bottle.  As soon as I take that first drink I know I have made a poor decision.  Several times now I have done this usually dumping the bottle down the drain once the reality of what I was doing has hit me...Yesterday was one of those days.  I felt as if I could handle a drink so when I went grocery shopping I grabbed a little something extra for myself.  I started drinking around noon or so in time for football by dinner I was buzzing pretty hard 1/3 of a fifth gone.  I thought to myself  What am I doing why do I keep ending up here even though I know I shouldn't?   I walked to the kitchen grabbed the bottle and poured it down the drain a motion I have become familiar with...This morning I woke up again invigorated with that feeling of getting better.  I have woken like this before and yet I still seem to have trouble staying off that slippery slope.  So this morning I decided it was time to take another step it was time to reach out make a clear admittance of my problem and look for support.  I have been trying to do this alone but that obviously isn't working.  While lurking around here from time to time I know this is a place of positive support.  A place to talk about your urges and get reinforcement that sobriety is the best answer...So here I am telling my story to the first people I have ever told it to.  I hope taking this step out of the shadows will help me along the path to becoming healthy again.  It took a long time for me to build up the strength to post here but I know reaching out to others will help provide me with some support to make better decisions when I feel like I am slipping.  I have tried to go about this by myself but living in a world alone with my alcoholism is no longer a place I desire to be.
----------immediate responses--------

Here's how I stay off the slippery slope: I don't set foot on it by making a daily decision that I describe [in the post that I call the "Baby Steps."](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
Geez...you are doing well.  Recognizing that your relationship with alcohol is unhealthy  moderation is a myth reaching out for help.  You are definitely in the fast group.
Hello and welcome. Insight is a foundation for recovery but it is ACTION which makes it come alive. Meetings and a therapist helped me.
