-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2kh8us/confused_not_sure_whats_going_on_with_me/

I've been hesitant to post about myself only because I'm not sure if I'm one that qualifies as drinking too much... my views on being dependent on alcohol  alcoholism  drinking excessively  etc are very limited.  My family is in good health and I have never known anyone who struggles with alcohol. (So I apologize for any ignorance on my part here.) ..I didn't pick up a drink until I turned 21. Just wasn't interested and I always had ways to have fun otherwise with my friends. I didn't party in college. Ever. I'm 26 now and started going to bars during my last year in college. Unfortunately it came at a time when my long distance relationship was rocky so I decided to drink fast and a lot. Always. I liked the numbing to get rid of the not so good reality at that time...That time has passed but I've still always been pretty consistent with drinking excessively when I go out. Last Friday I had too much again with some people from work. I dragged my fiance into it. The next morning after a fight we talked and he said he's not mad at me but he just wasn't used to seeing me that way while I drink. It was a side he'd never seen before and this is what got me thinking maybe there's something wrong or whatever you want to call it. I don't know. ..I mostly drink to get drunk and there's always been a point where I've had too much and don't (and will not) stop. I always pick fights with my fiance when I drink I've driven partially drunk before on a few occasions when I thought I was good to go (luckily I didn't hurt anyone or get hurt myself--I'm so ashamed to say that) and I always feel ashamed the next day (not to mention the hangover). ..The thing is I don't drink during the week.  Only on the weekends. And not even every weekend at that. But when I do it's fast and a lot of drinks. I'm small too 4'11" and I honestly think (at the time) I can keep up but I can't! I don't know why I think this when I'm drinking...For a while I thought I was just having fun "being in my 20s" but the last year to year and a half I just hate it. I hate that feeling the next day and how I can remember some parts but not all. I hate how I pick fights with my fiance. ..Am I overreacting?? I want to control it so bad and I say to myself every time I go out "only 2 drinks" or "just a glass of wine or beer" but it usually turns into more and I can't stop...I don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/jennie815 to /r/stopdrinking -- I don't think you're overreacting.  Why don't you [look over the Baby Steps post and see if any of these ideas are helpful?](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
I had some of the same questions when I came here for my first attempt at sobriety last summer. My drinking started the same in my 20's. It was zero drinks or 10 for me. I only drank when I didn't have to work the next day. That turned into having a few drinks after work. My intake progressed from there. I found myself 15 beers in at 3am on a Tuesday sitting on a computer playing games at 37 years old. When I quit last summer I was sober for 2 weeks. Then I decided I could handle drinking in moderation. Well here I am again after realizing it isn't working after drinking 16 beers last night. ..It sounds like you want to quit so quit. Your wallet fiance' health and dignity will thank you. 
This is exactly the right thing to be doing. I would also recommend taking the quiz on the sidebar and reading The Doctor's Opinion...http://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/en_bigbook_foreworddoctorsopinion.pdf..If it resonates with you keep reading and check out a meeting. It's good to ask questions like this keep growing!
Hey /u/ujennie815 I'm new here too. I've found that by reading as much as I can on here I've gained quite a bit of insight into my own relationship with alcohol. You might also check out the "most upvoted comments" in the sidebar; most of those are true gems. ..Here are some thoughts I've gleaned from my past few days' worth of lurking: ..1. If you worry regularly about whether or not alcohol is a problem in your life then it probably is. This worry constitutes a kind of obsession and a healthy relationship with alcohol is not an obsessive one. ..2. It's not the frequency or the quantity of consumption that really matter: it's the quality of your drinking. Alcoholic drinking tends to be needy compulsive uncontrollable &amp; unpredictable. ..3. Alcoholism is a progressive disease. It will only get worse never better. Why take the risk?..Like you I drink to get drunk which means that I am--"best" case scenario--someone who abuses alcohol and not an alcoholic. A few days ago I was ready to take comfort in that idea: "Hey I'm not an alcoholic I'm just an abuser and can keep on drinking!" Then I realized what an absurd and desperate line of thinking that was. I was ready to assume the identity of an abuser in order to legitimate and prolong my drinking. That's how I came to realize and accept that I am an alcoholic. ..I hope some of that is helpful to you as you evaluate your own situation. Best of luck!
&gt;it usually turns into more and I can't stop...That says enough I think. How about a 30-day challenge? (or 60 or 90) It's not momentous and you can see how you feel (whether it's hard or easy) and what changes positively or negatively. Then assess and decide what to do next.
You are not overreacting at all. I second checking out /u/coolcrosby's Baby Steps he mentioned above. Stick around!
In my experience if someone thinks they have a problem...they usually do.  It's great that you're reaching out for help for most people here...asking for help was the hardest thing we had to do.  The truth in it all is that none of us can do this alone.  We depend on one another for support so I would suggest finding a meeting or a support group near you.
