-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ksb0j/checking_in_is_it_nap_time_yet/

I've been trying to take care of myself in recovery - follow ups with doctors etc trying to get sleep trying to eat healthy and drink a lot of water.  I know my body has been trashed from being poisoned for so long and I'm not expecting it to be a quick fix.  ...But I am exhausted!  I am still struggling with insomnia walking around like a zombie all day fuzzy brain no energy and I just want to cram my face with sugar and caffeine even though everything I've read says to try and avoid those things.  I wasn't expecting a miracle cure I guess I just didn't realize how long it would take for my body to start bouncing back....Ah well.  I guess despite the rant I wanted to thank you guys.  Constantly hearing "it gets better it really does!" is pretty much what I need right now.  I am happy to be sober and hopeful for a future in which I don't feel like a sugar-starved zombie!  On the bright side...  I haven't thrown up in almost a month I don't have crazy shakes and I can take normal poops (oh the joy!).  Oh and I don't have to lie and sneak and hate myself quite so much anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

At 25 days being exhausted is completely NORMAL.  Your body and central nervous system are recovering.  Exhaustion is a sign of this recovery.  Patience.
&gt;I can take normal poops (oh the joy!)..The simple things in life \o/
Sounds like good progress. Have you been exercising? That might help give you some energy sleep well and feel better. Anyway can't hurt.
It gets better the sugar thing is big for me (and a lot of people). I have finally been able to indulge in my love for extremely dark chocolates. :-)..And the normal poops thing is pretty awesome as well that was a pleasant surprise.
Anything that says sugar and caffeine are to be be avoided is of the devil and should be cast into the eternally-burning-tar-pit. These are two major food groups that no human should go without...Seriously I found focusing on first quitting the things that were actively killing me (like drugs and alcohol) worked better in the beginning. It was effective at the time and since then recovery has been kind of a blast on many days...Now that I've been sober for a while I must admit that quitting sugar is a very interesting idea that I should probably begin thinking about some day.
