-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2l4ap3/in_need_of_helpful_words/

I have been struggling with alcoholism for a few years now. I have been to treatment and excelled in the program but once I was out in the real world it became a real struggle. So far I've lost a job I really enjoyed do to relapse and bridges that were in repair have been burned. Today marks 2 days sober for me but I want that number to increase so any helpful stories or words of encouragement would be awesome. I'm just a little afraid of myself. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and welcome. Kudos for two days. My best words of encouragement are to follow all the recommendations that were made when you left rehab. If you want sobriety there is help. But it isn't magic. First don't drink. There is more to recovery than just staying sober so foster your fear of alcohol. Protect yourself from this poison never within arm's reach. After rehab talking with a therapist and immersing myself in AA is what laid the groundwork for a lifetime of recovery. It works!
Like SoMuch2Learn said it's more than just not drinking.  I assume they covered that in your treatment?  AA is the place where all that has been taught to me.  Good luck to you.
I like to compare my life before I quit like juggling chainsaws (or balls).  The chainsaws were drifting further from my body and I was losing control.  My wife was losing her patience.  I've had to apologize to my close friends more than once.  I was having a hard time maintaining my high level of success at work.  My health was one a terrible downward slide...I quit drinking and really things started getting better.  I put a lot of work into it.  I went to SMART meetings and continued going to therapy.  I learned ways to handle with stress and problems better.  I started exercising and lost a bunch of weight...I'm looking at 2 years sober and I feel awesome.
I've been to AA meetings and not that they haven't helped or encouraged they just don't feel all that familiar and welcoming. Maybe I need to keep trying different ones until I find a good fit. 
Agree with Thornkale. Keep trying different meetings. When you hear people sharing at meetings are you looking at the differences or similarities? Have you spoken to anyone after the meeting? 
