-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2l5cwm/anyone_want_to_buddy_up_to_help_with_resolve/

Just sent a reset request. I turned 29 on Saturday and lay in bed all day after a pretty big party the night before. Unsurprisingly i feel like shit. I have posted here in the past about how it feels/struggles with alcohol/mental processes etc etc. I'm sick of listening to myself about it and don't even really feel like engaging my problem at the moment. I'm just not going to drink...I hear lots of people say the first few days are the worst for giving up personally i find them the easiest for giving up because i feel so low that the thought of drinking just looks like a rabbit hole i'd never return from if i went down at that point. Its once it's out your system that it suddenely 'seems ok' again...Anyway i have a plan that i'm determined to follow but i'm not naive enough to think that good intentions and initial willpower are enough to keep me going. Thought it might be nice if someone else who has given up recently wants to buddy up and just check it with each other and try keep each other motivated?..Not to discredit the value of the sub as a whole because i think its an amazing resource but i guess having someone specific to check in with is something i think might help me a bit. So if anyone else out there is feeling the same feel free to get in touch. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

I would suggest reaching out to someone at a local recovery meeting.  AA SOS SmartRecovery whatever....having a live person to check in with helped me...As for buddying up....I'm not drinking today.  I'm with ya. ..Mouse
I will second the suggestion that you find someone in real life...As you say we have a built in forgetter - and becoming a part of a community where reminders of the danger - by newcomers coming in and by others reminding us that we are not "cured" (despite what our scumbag brains try to tell us)  - helps keep our resolve until we begin to get some of the benefits of recovery which will then add to the momentum
Your badge is now smiling at you! I like the buddy system. Whether they know it or not I keep a near eye on my sobriety brethren who got sober about the same time I did. It's a great tool. Welcome to /sd and good luck!
Thirded...???
I think that sounds like a great idea. I'm on day 2 now...again. 34 years old so fairly close age wise. Shoot me a PM. :)
Fourthed! Nothing beats face to face contact!
