-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lbne7/does_it_ever_end/

To those of you that have alot of sober time on your badge what keeps you here?   Is this really a never ending struggle or are you here for the support of others? I'm hoping for the latter.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have a lot of time under my belt but I will say that even on my best days I come here to lend a hand to folks having a not so great day.  I pay it forward when I can. We've all been there and we all need love and support.
For me it's got much easier with time but it's still a struggle. I come here to support others as well as get support when I'm feeling shaky.
I don't have a lot of time but it in the short amount of time it has gotten way better and easier for that matter. I would imagine the ole' timers so to speak are here for a combination helping themselves through  supporting others.
As for me I struggled for a good 4 months when I quit drinking.  Lurking and reading posts here daily helped me feel less alone during that time as I don't have any sober friends or family really.  Now I'm six months in and I've begun feeling much better and confident in my sobriety.  These days I don't read often but I remember to browse the posts for a bit of a reality check.  The users who have lengthy sobriety and post a lot are such a treasure to us.  I am so grateful that they stick around and shower us with their wisdom.
I started out with a lot of free time on my hands when I found these wonderful people in my 7th month of sobriety. I know from those who have gone before me that I need to stay active in recovery to stay sober. In so doing I've been so lucky to meet so many great people here. Someone from 1700 miles away visited me in the hospital a couple months ago her destination was 50 miles south of me but wanted to meet. When I moved to where I am now someone from SD took me to my first meeting here I was nowhere near but our fellowship is as strong as you want it to be. ..Sobriety isn't just not drinking.
What a lot of us do around here is use /r/stopdrinking as an easily accessible forum to try to reach newcomers with concrete insight into their situations based on our own experiences for a couple of reasons: working with others is the best insurance against relapse for obvious reasons; and it is genuinely gratifying  to us to help others get sober and possibly even save lives by sharing our experiences.  ..Finally I've been around this community now for a couple of years and I've seen massive growth in our international population.  I've learned so much and this last Columbus Day spent a fantastic day in Chicago actually meeting up with members of this community.  In other words the usernames the 1s and 0s that make up this community are becoming real life friends that I personally feel great satisfaction in participating with in this effort to share our experience strength and hope with the alcoholic and addicts who come here looking for help..
I come here in hopes that I can help plant a seed of hope in others that was once planted in me. That hope gave me my life back after many years of struggling with alcohol. I also look for opportunities to water the seeds that may have already been planted. :-) ..Further I come here because you guys are some of the most amazing people on the interwebs!..As far as struggle goes staying sober hasn't been a struggle at all for me since I quit....like I've never even had a craving. I accepted I was done and committed to it. But then again maybe it hasn't been a struggle because I come here to reach out to support others. ;-).
By here do you mean on reddit or here as in sober? I will take it that you mean sober and for me I stay sober because I love it. Alcohol made me into the worst version of myself and sobriety makes me the best version of myself. I stay sober by helping others so it is sort of a symbiotic relationship between me and the people still sick and suffering...My primary method of staying sober is regular attendance at AA meetings. That face to face contact really helps me. /r/stopdrinking is good but it is hard for me sometimes not being to see the person who is posting or hear their voice when they share so I use it primarily as a supplement to my AA program...It is NOT a never ending struggle for me. The obsession to drink left me quite a while ago and I don't constantly suffer with the fear of relapse. I do however have a healthy respect for my disease and I believe that preventive measures (meetings and prayer) are the best treatment and I do these things regularly to keep this good feeling I have...Hope that helps!
Id like to say thank you all for the replies and your days months and years of support. Based on my experience so far this forum has been invaluable and I greatly appreciate it. Thank you. 
LOTS of days are easy. Only some of them are hard.
It's rarely a struggle for me now. I like this community I know I need to stay vigilant and there are a lot of people I learn from here. Having contact with newly sober people helps me remember why I am doing this.
The struggle never really ends but it gets MUCH easier with time. By helping others in recovery I help myself stay sober. I can only tell you what worked for me: lots of AA meetings in the beginning. I can tell you from experience that if you work hard at it early on it pays huge dividends down the road. Even though I have 6 years I still go to multiple meetings every week. And I've found that others that do well in recovery tend to do the same. It may seem like a lot to a newcomer but when you consider how much of our time was spent drinking a one hour meeting really isn't a big deal.
If it continued to be a never-ending struggle I would have said fuck it long ago...I had the help of therapy outpatient treatment and AA. I still go to AA. I worked the steps which involved some really heavy duty internal hard shit. Changing the way I think and feel and act. ..Somewhere in the midst of all that it stopped being a struggle about six months in and hasn't been that bad since...Repeat: if it stayed shitty I would have said fuck it and gone out drinking...The helping other people is just all gravy. People just gave me this shit and I can be part of this insane community of positivity that just gives and gives changing my perspective all the while. ..I'm not a nasty cynical manipulative lying fuck anymore. I'm a weird nerd and shy and lazy and still have flaws but the world is a different place...Recovery allows me to bind together my desire to live a better life be a better man to my need to stay sober.
I wouldnt say I struggle any more.  Maybe Ive just gotten used to the feelings and now they are easy to ignore?  Being numb all the time made the first month a roller coaster of emotions.  It was a strange idea these emotions.  Either way I come back to SD to find more tools.  To prepair myself for possible encounters and reflect on the past.  This is an amazing place to relate to an experience or simple get one off my chest.  Its like a journal with feedback from outside minds...We are all in this together.  Whether it be some one with 1 day or 30 years we all are here for the same reason.  Sobriety...It gets easier with time.  Just like life tho it will never be too easy imo.
It's rarely a struggle for me these days  but helping others is the work I put in to keep it from becoming a struggle. 
