-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2licrp/sometimes_i_have_bad_days/

(context: I'm dual diagnosis BPD)..I've been struggling with emotional dysregulation for the past 24 hours. These are the sorts of feelings that used to tempt me to drink because that was the best way I knew to shut them down. During early sobriety in particular I often found myself at a loss when it came to dealing with dysregulation...I think it's been important for me to accept that my emotions are valid. I don't have to say "I don't like the way I feel today so I'm going to get wasted." Instead I really try to recognize what I am feeling and why I think that is the case then let the emotions run their course. I used to be afraid that if I listened to my emotions it meant that my rational mind was somehow being defeated. So I would drink until my emotions were so out of control that I didn't have to own them. I could blame my emotional state on the alcohol and just return to feeling numb the next day...Today I'm going to go home as soon as my laundry is done and I'm going to watch Netflix and catch up on sleep. I understand for the most part why I'm stressed out and upset today because I've actually sat down and thought about it rather than stifling my emotions. On days like today it's important for me to believe that my emotions are valid. I don't need to use alcohol or other maladaptive coping mechanisms to alter my emotional state. I just need to weather the storm and know that it won't last forever.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting. I have also found a great deal of strength recently in admitting that 1. My emotions are always valid. 2. They will always change. and 3. I don't have to do anything about this.
Great stuff here quirkyperson....so much growth here.  Are you into mindfulness?  This sounds very much like what I have learned in mindfulness.  This might be of interest to you:  [DBT - Dialectal Behavior Therapy](http://www.dbtselfhelp.com/index.html).
[deleted]
&gt;I think it's been important for me to accept that my emotions are valid...Yes!..&gt;I don't have to say "I don't like the way I feel today so I'm going to get wasted."..Bam!..&gt;Today I'm going to ..You are nailing it! You can feel any kind of way and it can have no bearing on what you do! How you're feeling isn't how you're doing and taking the actions that keep you sober reinforces that *you can take those actions no matter how you feel.*
