-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2liceq/just_venting/

Today is the 6th day of my sobriety.  I haven't told any of my friends that I have quit drinking let alone that I am an alcoholic.  Its very irritating when they shove drinks in my face and when I decline proceed to call me a bitch pussy etc.  I am also just not ready to tell anyone yet.  I work in a restaurant/bar.  Being there surprisingly is not a trigger for me.  Ive always been ashamed of how much I drink so in the past I would stay on the level of whatever group I was with and then when I got home drink myself senseless until I passed out (I live alone).  The thing that has been making me angry is I see all these people in the bar have one or two drinks have a great night out with their friends and/or family and thats it.  Why dont these people have an alcoholic inside of them?  How can they be satisfied with one drink?  Why do I have a driving force inside of me that is relentless and wont let me stop till im wasted?  WHY AM I LIKE THIS?  It makes me want to scream at them.  I also get angry when people make alcoholic jokes (prevalent in a bar) and throw the term around carelessly.  I understand that they are being naive but they just have no idea the struggles we deal with on a daily basis and its just so insensitive.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello! It sounds like you are struggling with acceptance. This is normal. Quitting alcohol is like grieving the death of a relationship. Going through the stages of anger sadness and denial is part of the process...When I learned more about the disease of alcoholism I realized I was a good person with a bad disease and my shame decreased. Anyone that hassles about not drinking is probably someone with their own issues with alcohol. True friends accept my decisions. Besides normal drinkers don't pay much attention to what anyone else is drinking. ..In order to find people who understood what I was going through I went to AA meetings. Sitting in a room with like-minded people gave me comfort and encouragement. The only requirement is a desire to stop drinking. Meetings are everywhere. I hope you find one.
This will get better. For what it's worth watching "normal" drinkers is what keeps me grounded in the fact that I am an alcoholic. It's not that they have the ability go to a bar have one drink and then drive home that amazes me. It's that they see a point in doing this. I mean WHAT IS THE FREAKING POINT?!..On more than one occasion I have had people ask me some variation of "I still have some Vicodin left over from when I had minor surgery a few years ago. Do you think it's still good?" And I always think the same thing "Hell give it to me I'll tell you if it's still good!"..The miracle is that now I really and truly prefer it this way. My disease got me into recovery which has given me the serenity and spirituality that I had always been seeking through drugs and alcohol. Today as strange as it may sound I am grateful to be an alcoholic.
&gt; Its very irritating when they shove drinks in my face and when I decline proceed to call me a bitch pussy etc...I found (maybe it just my drinking mates) is that they may have one or two digs that are easy to laugh off.  One of my mates said to me "I bet you would drink it if I added some scotch to that coke!" trying to be a smart arse.  I just smiled and said "Go for it you will be wasting your money.  I won't drink it."..Once they start getting their fix themselves they seem to forget about you not drinking and concentrate on their own buzz...I also observed how drinkers love to enable each other so they can feel normal while all getting drunk together.  "Better make this one a jug as we are all almost ready for another" etc...Be happy your success of sobriety and forget about getting angry because of other bozos..
[deleted]
