-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ls0n7/60_days_and_nights_and_a_world_that_is_just/

I think time moves slower when living sober because it feels like 6 months not 60 days.  For those of you considering quitting drinking this might seem like a  daunting proposition but let me tell you it is a amazing. When you have a good day sober (and not all are) time expands and you can accomplish everything you dreamt of doing while you were drinking.  I would get drunk and plan all of the amazing things I wanted to improve on: Spend more time with my kids become more spiritual improve at hobbies get fit and the list goes on and on.  The only problem is that I would awake the next day with a horrible hangover and struggle to make it through the day until my first drink at 5.  The cycle would repeat itself over and over.  My sobriety has given me the gift of time to accomplish everything that I want to achieve. Am I saying that I have already accomplished all of my goals and that life is now perfect after 60 days? No not even close but I have seen very small positive changes that are slowly moving the ship of my life in the direction I want to take it. I heard a statement (can't remember where) that humans underestimate the time it takes to truly change. Most people believe change happens in months but in reality it happens in years. I have really held on to this statement because I want to see the results immediately.  I am confident that the work I am putting into my life now will result in all of my goals being accomplished and more but this will happen over years not months. ..Thanks for listening and Happy Sober Sunday everyone!.."What you do today can Change all the tomorrow's of your life."- 
----------immediate responses--------

..I couldn't agree more with the feeling of time. On my 3 day weekends I would be completely drunk the whole time. And I would wake up hungover Monday morning to get ready for work and feel like I had gone through a time warp. Nothing accomplished nothing new and exciting about being drunk just a handful of new regrets to feel guilty about.  Until my next drink after work. ..Being sober now it feels like I can do or accomplish something every second of every day. ..
Awesome to hear! I am right there with you.  And I'm so glad you shared...Happiest of Sober Sundays to you as well friend!
I know how you feel.  I remember at 60 days..it felt like 60 days and 1000 nights.  ..The small positive changes add up.  Did your alcohol related problems start overnight?  Probably not.  Will everything be fixed overnight? Nope.  But those baby steps in the right direction add up!  Keep going!
&gt;awake the next day with a horrible hangover and struggle to make it through the day until my first drink at 5. The cycle would repeat itself over and over...Yeah that fucking *cycle.*  How repetitive it was.  I sometimes wanted to take the bottle and just bash myself over the head with it.  Because drinking wasn't doing *shit* for me but I *still* couldn't stop...Ah freedom.  And peace.
