-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lscuy/ive_tried_to_set_goals_for_sobriety_in_the_past/

...I'm having trouble setting up a "punishment" system for myself when I relapse. It's easy to say "okay I'm going to start small and quit for a month" but it feels like I have no reason *not to drink* if there are no negative (short-term) consequences. I have no trouble saying "I've been sober for two weeks but I'll just have a drink tonight and then reset the count back to 0."..What have you guys done to hold yourself accountable for your actions?
----------immediate responses--------

IMO a horrible hangover is punishment enough.  That thought alone keeps me from drinking.  It only gets worse as you get older too.  Plus the week-long depression/fatigue afterwards.  The thought that my family highly disapproves - the list of short term negatives go on and on for me.
I would also love to hear more on this from those with a longer record of sobriety. 
Going to group meetings and talking to other sober people in person has helped my accountability. I'm still getting there but if I disappeared a couple of people would text/call me to check in. Force yourself into structures and relationships that drinking would make difficult. That seems to help me at least. Good luck.
If you are serious about quitting it sounds like you could use more support. What helped me was going to AA meetings and having a therapist...Alcohol threatened my career and custody of my children. That was motivation enough. I have never forgotten the power of alcohol and it's been a few years.
[deleted]
I think of the potential short term consequences and the actual short term consequences. If I drink tonight likely I would drink by myself in my bedroom (that's the type of alcoholic I become preferring solitude over social drinking). I would maybe blackout but still likely set an alarm to wakeup for work in the morning. I like to drink water so probably minimal hangover...That does not sound that bad really. But the potential what if this is the time alcohol severely poisons me? What if in my blackout state I disturb a neighbor enough for the cops to show up? Drinking is too much of a wildcard. Of all the major consequences caused by alcohol none of them were expected. ..I no longer like alcohol itself only the effects. That makes it overall easier these days I've lost interest. I used to love craft microbrews. Then I had a time where I like all flavors of whiskey. Then gin. Finally earlier this year tequila. The last time I was in the liquor store I couldn't decide on which flavor of poison I needed to gulp down that was definitely a sign...If you don't see a reason not to drink you will need to find at least one to help better make yourself accountable. Otherwise its possible through drinking you will find one eventually.
Well....  rewards/punishments won't work in my opinion.  What possible punishment could match the emotional turmoil that brought you into AA in the first place?  What reward could be greater than being to drink with impunity?..Accountability and humility are what worked for me.  Accountability in the sense of talking to a fellow alcoholic when I want to drink (but before actually drinking) and humility in getting a new 24 hour chip at the next meeting after I do drink.
You dont need a punishment system. Drinking is bad enough...Having another day sober is a very nice reward. You will find that amazing things happen things you never believed possible.
The only effective punishment for millions has been death. If a person be a real alcoholic they will have no mental defense against that first drink. It's just a matter of time. And alcohol is patient. So although the ego says "fight!" beating oneself up is useless. Surrender is the real key. Becoming willing to do something different after a relapse can eventually lead to surrender. 
You sound similar to me in that there are no obvious alarms signalling a need to quit. I felt just a kind of burden around drinking. As the week would roll towards the end I'd start desiring that drink and lo and behold it would appear. I had the same pattern as you with short term goals. ..The difference for me was actually believing that quitting drinking was a normal thing to do. It might sound weird but that's what did it for me. It's OK not to drink...If I need to find a punishment/reward to keep in line. I think about my evenings I've lost to being drunk. I like to play music and you can't practice effectively after a couple of glasses of wine. Now I can practice at 7 or 8 in the evening no problem. How many hours of my life have been added back just in the evenings alone? The idea of drinking and just killing the evening is really hard to swallow for me now. .
Using alcohol started to not "be fun" for me anymore.  It was like I just snapped and knew I couldn't do it anymore.  So any time I was using I had negative consequences.  You'll get there if you want to.  Tune out the voice that is telling you that you need a drink and listen to your heart.  What is your heart telling you to do?
