-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lt9gl/30_days/

I wasn't sure if I'm an alcoholic. I've never blacked-out. I've never had a hangover. I've never had a single person suggest I drink too much or too often. My life isn't "unmanageable". I haven't lost a job or spouse or my home I am not sleeping in a park drinking out of a paper bag... that's what alcoholics experience right?..After quitting cigarettes (over a year ago wooo-hooo!) with the help of /r/stopsmoking I started browsing /r/stopdrinking. At first the posts made me think "I'm not like that - I mustn't be an alcoholic. I should cut down a bit though...".I stopped drinking for 6 days. Then I drank moderately. Moderation was 'just one' on the first day 'just two' (which actually became three) on the second day then a bottle of wine on the third day.....I kept reading /r/stopdrinking. I could now relate when others wrote about their failures at moderating. As I continued reading this sub I recognised myself here and there and almost everywhere. I felt a wave of goose-bumps cover my skin and a knot form in my throat as I finally realised:..*I am an alcoholic*..I couldn't face it fully and openly. Part of me still can't. I don't *want* to be an alcoholic. But watching my thoughts in quiet moments - I can't escape it: I have a problem with alcohol. I couldn't talk to anyone about it could hardly think it in my own mind. I did what I could manage - I quietly stopped drinking. When my partner asked me in the liquor isle why I wasn't getting some wine all I could do was whisper "I don't want to. I want to get out of here now". Waiting in that line with him to be served was a very long 30 seconds. "Just grab a bottle you can stop tomorrow" "Just get one little cider then you can't over-drink" "Quick!!! Grab *something* before it's too late!!!" Right then and there a better part of me said "See! Only an alcoholic has this struggle. I don't want to struggle."..I haven't considered having a drink since that moment. I focussed on drinking non-alcoholic drinks. I look forward to a lemon lime & bitters. I tried that new flavour of soft-drink (soda). I treated myself to amazing fruit juices. I made sure there's some interesting drink in the fridge for me at all times...At 17 days I felt my ties to sobriety strengthened enough to post to this subreddit and request a badge. But I was so sensitive. One person commented in a brusque and negative way and I could hardly cope with it. Although I tried to focus on the positive comments I couldn't even respond to those kind people. I pulled my head back into my shell and set my sights on 30 days. 30 days. 30 days...HERE I AM!!..I don't feel like I've reached a goal. I don't want to. I'm so proud of myself on the inside (I just burst into tears typing that). Next stop 90 days. 90 days. 90 days...Thanks to everyone on this subreddit. You've helped me see my problem before it was 'as bad as it can get'. You helped me see that it would worsen and worsen. You helped me draw my own 'rock bottom' line. Even in these early days of sobriety I see so many positives in my life...Thanks SD! .
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks /u/self_saucing on becoming another member of our community.
Congrats!  Looking forwards to more of your posts as you learn a little during your next stop of 90 days.
&gt;See! Only an alcoholic has this struggle. I don't want to struggle...100 times yes!
