-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ltlfi/weird_weekend/

Well I've been really struggling with not drinking over the last few weeks. I'm in Australia and the weather is getting warmer the days are getting longer and generally the bbq and beers begin to ramp up. ..So this weekend I was helping someone paint feeling a bit under the weather and generally resenting my choice to be sober (silly I know). I went to the supermarket and walked past some non-alcoholic beer (if you can even call it that). I thought what the hell and grabbed a six-pack...Over the weekend I had a few cold ones and reflected on what would be different if I was getting drunk. Honestly not much the drinks still made me bloated after a couple and worst of all I woke up the next day having had a vivid dream that I'd gone on a bender and blacked out. ..I have never truly identified as an alcoholic rather it's always been a time/energy vs alcohol equation that made me not drink. Whether to drink again or not is something that i'll no doubt struggle with for a time to come and at this stage I'm unsure where i'll end up...All in all it was a good relapse without the relapse. I got the flood of emotions as if I had truly messed up without having done so. For me I think it was just what the doctor ordered and reaffirmed that I'll be back on the sodastream from a while yet..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad it worked out. Sounds like you can skip the NA beer next time. ;)
The few times I had NA beer (at a bar) I felt a bit hungover the next day. I think it was a contact hangover or something stupid like that. NA beer didn't make me want to drink but just gave me the downsides--beer burps and bloat. There's a lot better stuff to drink that isn't pretend beer. 
There are many people on here who say nonalcoholic beer is for non alcoholics. You have just demonstrated some of the reasons.  Glad you are still with us buddy.
I live drinking dreams for just that reason. Scarier the better. ..We just made it through the Melbourne cup. The drinking season is well and truly ramping up. ..Never more glad to be sober. 
