-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lvgb9/so_it_turns_out_im_awful_at_dealing_with_stress/

I've been lucky because the first few months were pretty easy for me. I knew I was done with alcohol and for the most part have been working on accepting it. I've been focusing renewed energy into work classes fitness and all around developing a new (and better) me. (And also crying and sleeping a lot and bitching as needed)...Fast forward to last week and some major work shit hit the fan. Essentially my boss came down on me really hard and repeatedly for something finance related that I really had nothing to do with neither of us fully understood and that I couldn't fix from my end. Of course that didn't stop me from spending hours upon hours trying because it was driving me insane... but why?..Have you ever felt like you couldn't deal with something in your life and then had more piled on? And then again? ..I think I'm pretty good at my job because I'm a natural problem solver but when other people come down on me hard or appear unreasonably distrustful of me it's hard to not take it personally. I guess everyone's frustration comes out in different ways and mine has always been to just turn it inward on myself. I start to question my own logic and judgement and to distrust myself. I look over my work again (for the 10th time) praying that I can find the fault that will explain everything. But when it's still not there I just become depressed. Because I feel blamed and can't understand why so I just shut down. I start to feel like no one accepts me anyway so why bother. Let them think I am the problem.  ..But I think we all want to be accepted. Feeling helpless and hopeless makes me feel like there is no order or justice in the world.... and it just starts to depress the hell out of me and puts me in a dark place...In retrospect I know it's a little ridiculous for me to internalize something like work stress to such an extent as it makes me question EVERYTHING in my life but that is what I do. Or have done...When people say they are powerless over alcohol I sometimes don't understand what they mean because to be honest I just feel so powerless over EVERYTHING. I do not know why I am here what I am doing or if anyone really cares. And yet I have so many feelings and ambitions to do what is right and meaningful and make the world a better place. But how do I actually do that?..I think accepting the fact that we cannot ultimately control anything is just the first step. At first it feels like I am giving up but eventually I get the hang of it and remember that all I can do really do is plant some seeds take care of them and hope that something grows. Momentum builds.I'm not doing everything myself...So long story short I always thought I was pretty emotionally well adjusted but I'm learning now that I'm absolutely awful at dealing with stress. So much so that I almost relapsed - not because I wanted to drink but because I just wanted a way out...I'm glad I'm learning this now. If it had come up earlier in sobriety I might not have been able to deal with it. For some reason I thought sobriety would get easier as I went. While it has been for the most part I was not at all prepared for this emotional hurdle and am just glad that I got through it in the end...Thanks for letting me rant!!
----------immediate responses--------

The title of this immediately made me laugh it rang so true for me like yeah I can't deny that one!..Then I read the post thank you for sharing this really resonated with me.
Some of your discussion sounds kinda A.A. based so I'm taking it that you're in the program? If so it says that we practice the principles in all of our affairs and your idea that you're powerless over everything sounds like you might be turning that concept into a practice. If that's the case: kudos...I'm sorry you're stressed. I think I've been in a similar position a number of times but I've been so numb I can't care much about it. The stress just subconsciously eats away at me and I drink it off. Feeling stuff is new in sobriety; getting used to it will take time. Hang in there!
Great post and demonstration on dealing with stress.  TALK ABOUT IT don't drink about it.
I'm glad you got through it too. Ranting is always good and helps me. I've found mindfulness is very helpful too. There lots of benefits and some programs [focused on stress](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mindfulness-based_stress_reduction).
The link is an easy way to start :)...Mission Possible Meditation..http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lac6a/mission_possible_meditation/
