-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lymic/some_random_observations_on_60_days/

Hello all. So I've managed to make it past 60 days primarily through a still-evolving cocktail of 2 parts AA meetings (every weekday) 1 part exercise 1 part reading relevant material (SD Buddhist texts Big Book etc.) with a healthy dash of white-knuckling generously garnished with support from my wife. ..Physically/emotionally there have been wins and losses:  I've lost a substantial amount of weight (20lbs) I haven't had to take any meds for heartburn since I quit (which was severe when I was drinking) my hands are no longer shaky and I don't vomit all the time. The bursts of intense rage I felt in the first couple weeks have also faded fortunately. Meanwhile my sleep pattern is still a mess I'm still self-obsessed anxious and a bit morose and I sometimes honestly miss the "freedom" of just blacking out and avoiding the world's shitstorm for a few hours. ..AA has been an interesting experience for me. I wouldn't have made it this far  without it but I'm still not fully committed to the entire program. I've tried a few different meetings and settled on one whose tone isn't *too* overtly religious but even so the higher power issue is one I struggle mightily with. Despite actually trying I just plain don't believe in much of anything and that really hampers my ability to work any steps beyond 1.  And I know it's an "action program" as it's mentioned at almost every meeting but I have personally been using AA for the wisdom experience empathy and support of the group rather than for the steps. This and the fact that I don't have a sponsor and am not much of a talker at meetings often leads to the subtle feeling that I'm a bit on the fringe of the group. ..Anyway thanks for listening and thanks to all SDers for sharing their experiences advice and compassion and thanks to the mods for keeping this place running as it does. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hi thanks for this..My experience as a long time agnostic in AA is that the steps can be done and quite effectively without a formal higher power.  They are great tools...Step two: AA can help restore me to sanity. Oh it has!     .Step three: stop taking everything so personally especially - myself        .Step seven: my dog who is my stand in for a higher power - will be pleased if I get rid of some defects of character.  (and throw the ball more)     .Step eleven: get in better tune with the universe...These are  the steps where the higher power focus is most intense  it works for me PM if you want more detail....
[deleted]
Try SMART Recovery or Lifering if it's in your area.  Neither has a religious component.  You might find them more useful for you.  
The sleep patterns and anxiety worked out for me but it did take time.  As for AA even if you aren't ready or interested in working the steps getting a sponsor to be responsible to and to help guide you through these early months and to use AA meetings as an opportunity to network and develop friendships with other sober people will help with any feelings of loss of social time due to no longer going out to drink with people.  ..That is how I used it in the first few months.  ..Congrats on hitting 2 months!
I'm struggling as well with the steps after step one. No matter how hard I try I just can't wrap my head around the concept of God. But it doesn't bother me that others can so I don't get all worked up when they talk about Him or when we close with the Lord's Prayer...What AA does for me is it allows me to see that I'm not alone. As hard as it was for me to fathom when I first started going there are others out there who have had it much much worse than me. And yet - they're all willing to share their stories to help ME! The fellowship alone has kept me coming back and as I start to share more in meetings I'm starting to get a better handle on who I really am as opposed to the stupid drunk at the bar.
One of the best things I've gotten from my therapist is the ability to give myself permission to "put a pin in it." I tend to overthink things and sometimes that overthinking can be so focused on how something's going to work in two weeks or two months that it ends up sabotaging where I am *right now.* ..Maybe this would be a helpful mental framework for you today? You know AA is working for you right now but you don't know if it's going to work long term because of the HP stuff. Hey so that's cool. Put a pin in it and focus on the fact that it's working for you today. When you come to a bridge you have to cross about the HP thing deal with it then. Maybe you'll never even come to it who knows...Sounds like you've got a great plan going for today. Congrats on 62 days!
It took me 6 mths before I spoke in AA.  Just keep doing what you are doing for now as it seems to be working.  For me the sleeping was a big problem but it came after what seemed like an eternity.  I was in treatment for 90 days and only properly slept in the last week.  Now an earthquake couldn't wake me.  Keep it up.
