-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2m2wjw/going_on_a_business_trip_in_portland_not_worried/

I'm going to Portland OR for a business trip this week.  I was thinking about how I should prepare myself for the temptation of visiting a beer-focused city with a national reputation for drinking...I don't really need any preparation.  I already live in an alcohol-focused work culture and city with plenty of fancy beers to go around.  Big deal...There are forests to see there diverse restaurants cultural sites museums and coffee shops.  Of course I have *work to do* since it is a business conference.  I won't have to worry about embarrassing myself running up a huge bar tab or being hungover at a 7AM meeting...I'm in a good place and happy where I am headed with sobriety.  No need to mess that up...Sometimes my asshole-alcoholic brain will throw out a suggestion.  It's very easy to say no--it just requires thinking about it a little while.  Last November I decided to drink again gained a bunch of weight was sick and depressed.  I still regret drinking after getting 3 months of sobriety.  If I didn't relapse I'd be over a year!  BOOO!  When asshole-alcoholic brain says "Maybe it will be different this time??" I can point to that experience and say "No dude that was your one chance.  You quit drinking for three months and as soon as you started drinking again it was right back to being a dumbass about it within a few weeks."..It's funny to think that last straw for me wasn't really a single negative experience I had while drinking.  While I was miserable drinking the real mental test is how I feel *now*.  I feel great.  Even when I don't feel great I still feel better than my average day as a drinker.  It's not that drinking is worse than sobriety it's that sobriety is just so much fucking better than drinking.  The glass if half full bro.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I went on a business trip to Portland in the spring and got far too drunk. I embarrassed myself around potential contacts and missed out on what the city had to offer.
Portlandia!
Have so much fun!!!!  ...wish this site at times wasn't anonymous so I wouldn't feel guilty for wanting to say POST PHOTOS! But seriously have a great time get your crunch on!
I wish you the best of luck. As a native Oregonian who lurks here I know the struggle can be very real. Focus on the oodles of delicious restaurants that aren't centered around beer (there are a lot!) and there is a lot of night life that doesn't require drinks to make a laugh...Cheers!
Portland also has a national reputation for having a very large homeless population. Could the two things be related?
I hope you brought warm clothes! It's going to be cold and breezy with just a chance of freezing rain. Luckily there's tons of indoor stuff to do. Dear me I can spend an entire day at Powell's Books. Have fun here in the Rose City!
just a heads up it's really cold this week. This morning was 35 and tonight will be in the 20's. Have fun!
You could probably kill an evening in Powell's. There are also quite a few areas with food trucks. Lots of good eats in Portland. 
