-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mi6qz/19_weeks_gone/

Well it's a reset for me. I was away at a conference on the weekend and after much though about it I made a very concious decision to drink. It was not a spare of the moment thing and nothing terrible happened but it has reminded me how drinking robs me of time energy and generally interrupts my happiness for days to come after it happens. ..I'm starting at Day 1 again but I am not starting from the beginning. Sitting here now I have no desire to drink in the future and while it is disappointing to reset the badge it told me what I guess I knew deep down; drinking just isn't for me any more. ..My greatest fear is that I fall back into habitual behaviour of drinking regularly and that I become lazy again. I have accomplished so much over the past couple of months that sitting here tired I realise that it is not a good trade and isn't worth my time...So onward and upward. I am back on the wagon and will push on. I am going to make the commitment that if I struggle to get to 30 days again that I am going to speak to someone about things and seek help in getting my thinking straightened out. I've previously spoken to my wife about cutting back or giving up and will talk to her tonight about my new commitment and hopefully have her support regarding my sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

So glad you made it back okay. A lot of alcoholics who go back out never get a chance to reset their badge. You have that to be grateful for my friend. Stick around this time :) We are here to support you!
Welcome back.  Don't give up!
Good to have you back.  Learn from it if you can!
Onwards and upwards my friend! I'm glad you've got a good attitude about it. Resetting sucks but it sounds like you know that you just stepped off the ride and you then stepped right back on again. Here's to another day for all of us. ..Good luck!
[deleted]
I'm glad that you learned from the experience. 
&gt;I'm starting at Day 1 again but I am not starting from the beginning. ..I love this. I'm just now trying to get off the ground and it's so discouraging and frustrating. 
