-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mjmo0/i_just_remembered_that_its_only_for_today/

Since I started this journey to sobriety (which has been longer than my badge indicates) I've been struggling terribly with loneliness. Some days are worse than others but I've learned that in the city I'm in right now - and for the next few years - I don't have any friends only drinking buddies...Today was worse than others. I very seriously considered a relapse wasting myself in order to waste time talking rubbish at the bar with people I now know aren't really my friends... My mind started telling me all sorts of shit about how I'll still be alone and miserable at thirty and how terrible it'll be - and that's eight years from now. What nonsense...I started believing myself and really began to panic that the only two choices I had were both awful: break the sobriety I love so much and destroy my tentative self esteem in the process or be alone forever considered boring by everyone I meet...When I remembered that it's only today I need only hang on and remain sober today I felt the greatest weight drop from my shoulders..You see I've really become quite comfortable in a world in which I'm Just Sober Today. I can trust myself today if I'm sober today. And I'm beginning very tentatively to trust that a few months of Just Todays from now more will have fallen into place for me...I think I'm starting to get my head around it guys and the relief is enormous. I'm thrilled to be sober today!
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome. And that notion of being alone forever because of not drinking--rubbish. It's going to get interesting--not necessarily easy--but interesting and rewarding. I'm glad you're sober today.
[deleted]
Great post /u/peanutchowder--so the lonely thing is easily solved.  Many of my best pals are fellow recovering alcoholics.
Two things I've noticed in early sobriety:..1. Like you it was the "Just for Today" mantra that finally broke my downward spiral of freaking out about being sober "forever". ..2. The people I'm meeting now are WAAAAAAAAY more interesting than the drunks I used to hang out with. They DO things like rock climbing novel writing hiking running travelling volunteer work etc and they know about interesting things instead of just which wine/beer/liquor goes with whatever (YAWN...)...As they say "Like finds Like". Stay sober and you'll meet sober people!..Hang in there!
One of the best aspects of quitting is that you don't have to actually "do" anything. You can lie on the couch watching episodes of Breaking Bad while eating snickerdoodles and still be accomplishing your goal. I'm not sure why I said snickerdoodles I've never had one and I'm not quite sure what they are but it is a fun word :-)
