-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mk3om/24m_bingedrinkeralcoholic_quitting/

After 8 Years of binge-drinking I've realized that Alcohol represents a real threat to my life. I'm not a chronic drinker and I can go Weeks/Months without drinking but when i drink I very quickly lose control and I keep going until there is no alcohol left or until i get sick or fall asleep. I do things that I would never normally do like driving under influence of alcohol and being aggressive to people i Love. I do things that could harm the relationship to people i love and i do things that could get me into trouble with the law. .After drinking on a Friday or a Saturday I get depressed and anxious for a few days. This seems to have gotten worse the last few years..My family has a long history with alcoholics allthough my parents are not alcholics some of their parents/brothers/sisters are alcoholics. .I want to have a family one day and I'm afraid that if I keep going like this it could ruin it for me..I've also struggled with Depression and low self-esteem the last few years..I'm still a bit afraid to admit it to anyone but myself so I'm looking for some support here. I've realized the only way to be responsible for my actions while under influence in the past is to stay away from alcohol from now on. I'm a Binge-drinker/alcoholic and I want to quit.
----------immediate responses--------

How's this going?!
Hello and welcome. You are thinking wisely. The family history of alcoholism puts you at risk for the disease so quitting is the best option. Losing control as you describe is a major symptom of alcoholism. Nothing good is going to happen if you continue this pattern. I guess you already know it or you wouldn't be here. Seeing a doctor about depression might be something to consider. Depression and alcoholism often go hand-in-hand. ..The idea of AA often scares people off unfortunately but the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. I recommend it because you would see people with similar problems who have stopped drinking. Sitting in a room with others who understand is comforting and encouraging. In addition there is more to staying sober than simply not drinking. AA taught me coping skills that helped me a great deal. ..Take it one day at a time. If you don't drink today you won't binge. Don't take the first drink and you'll stay sober. Thanks for your post. I hope you will browse the subreddit and read the Saturday Share stories in the sidebar. There's a link to the chatroom there also. 
Welcome /u/MrDopamine to r/stopdrinking.  Here is [a link to a post I call  the "Baby Steps" which lays out some simple sober starting steps to take to stop drinking.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck to you.
Hello! I am so happy you are starting to recognize this now before it gets worse. I'm sure you have heard it said that alcoholism is a progressive disease so the sooner you recognize a problem the better IMO.
Hey man..You're making a good choice here and its really good that you came to this decision on your own(or so who cares?). I feel like I had the same issues when I decided to stop drinking; anger/irritability depression anxiety. While I can't fast forward you past whatever you're going to face I can tell you the effects will be wonderful!..I've lost a pile of weight I feel confident good lord is that stupid little badge number not the thing I'm most proud of right now (make sure you get one seriously)...Ask for help here; vent if you must. Call the AA line (if you haven't) and make a friend. If you dislike the secular part of AA feel free to ignore it and just get some wisdom etc...Lastly I think you definitely should pay attention to u/coolcrosby's info; write your affirmations on a notecard and put it wherever you will see it best each day and you will make it exactly like you want to...I'm no expert but you can message me anytime as well.
Amazing that you are coming to this realization at 24....Keep us updated and reach out when you need it.
You don't realize it now but in 20 years  I bet you will be thanking yourself profusely. Welcome and best of luck!!
Wow I feel like I could have written almost the exact same intro! Welcome and goodonya for making the decision to stop. It's been a very rewarding experience for me although not without challenges. Waking up every day and promising myself that I won't drink TODAY has been super helpful. And reading this sub is a great resource...Good luck stay strong and reach out when you need to! :)
If you stick with this you will look back and thank yourself a countless number of times in the future...I can tell you from firsthand experience alcohol will likely only make depression and low self-esteem MUCH worse over time. It has for me. ..Alcohol buys you an hour or two of numbness. And then the problems return with interest tacked on. The hangovers WILL get worse. You WILL get more likely to take risks and be ugly toward people you care about. You're health will suffer. You lose opportunities. Money. Respect. ..I ignored people who warned me. I NEVER thought I'd admit to losing control to alcohol. I was a fool...The good news is you're here admitting you have a problem and saying you want to quit. ..I'm in your corner. Do this for you.
Welcome MrDopamine!  ..Glad to see you grabbed a badge and I hope you'll post on the regular to ask questions or update us. ..Can you get to a [meeting](http://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/find-local-aa) today?  Newcomer and speaker meetings are a pretty good place to start.  The spiritual aspect can turn off some people but just so you know there are *plenty* of atheists in AA including my sponsor.  ..Alternatively there is [Smart Recovery](http://www.smartrecovery.org/meetings_db/view/) which to my understanding isn't spiritual.  I've heard good things but there are not nearly as many meetings as AA.  ../u/coolcrosby has linked something called the baby steps and they're right on.  ...
Are you me? We have almost the exact same story. Let me know how I can help you or keep you accountable.
You don't need to ride the dump truck all the way to the dump before you jump off. It's great you decided to catch this before it gets worse...Reach out here for support. Also check out a few AA meetings. You don't have to go all in but early on it's nice to be around other people like you/us...Congrats! 
[deleted]
[Here's the explanation of why some of us are in danger when we drink alcohol](http://news.medicine.iu.edu/releases/2014/05/genes-predict-alcoholism.shtml)...If you want to feel better right now read the article.
