-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mkg2f/why_do_i_keel_fucking_up/

Not the Neil Young song but it may as well be.  Does getting your badge reset feel like utter failure to anyone else?  I get so mad at myself for relapsing.  It's got to stop.  I've vowed if I reset the badge one more time I'm going to rehab.  I worry this will put more pressure on em and make me crack but I am sick of being sick.  Thanks for letting me vent.  This is a great sub and the only thing keeping me sane.  
----------immediate responses--------

I too relapsed and reset my badge several times. Then something clicked inside of me and here I am at 199 days. Perhaps rehab would be helpful for you? Do you go to AA?  
&gt;  Does getting your badge reset feel like utter failure to anyone else? ..Yes.  When I pick up new white chips at AA it is very "humbling" (read - frustrating and discouraging).  It has at times helped keep me sober at times because I didn't want to have to walk up to the front to pick up ANOTHER white chip and then answer peoples' questions about my relapse after the meeting...Do you have anyone in real life to help keep you accountable?
I went to rehab man it worked for me. It forces you to get some time in and they give you tools on how to stay sober. It's totally worth the investment...I mean if you have a guy with cancer you don't give him shit for getting chemotherapy. If you're an alcoholic you don't give him shit for going to rehab. ..The magic of alcoholism is it tells you you're fine when you are not. It tells you everything else doesn't matter when it's the drink that doesn't and then it tells you that you aren't worth getting sober because you're a piece of shit that isnt capable...You can do this. You know what it's like drinking you don't know what it's like to live life sober. It's a difficult path and you won't meet many travellers on the road to recovery. However there won't be any blackouts missed work hangovers and God knows how many embarrassments and shameful things that you would otherwise have done drunk. ..Save yourself the suffering and get some help! Man intelligent man will use resources at hand to solve a problem. You've got a way take it I stead of trying to white knuckle. It isn't strong to do it alone it isn't weak to ask for help. All that matters is the end result
Sounds like you're coming to the end of your rope.  The climb back up is tough but so worth it....
&gt; If you keep doing what you've always done you'll get what you've always got. ..What are you going to do differently this time?
For me it's that nagging voice that rationalizes drinking.  I make the excuse that a little whiskey sounds really good that I can afford to be a little hungover the next day because I don't have anything important going on etc.  Then every morning I regret drinking.  Every single time.  So what's working for me is just fast forwarding to my mindset the next day every time the thought that a drink sounds good comes to mind.  I remember how awful and guilty I feel.  Then I make myself a pot of tea or a sparkling limeade and call it good.
The point is to never stop quitting. You have only failed if you refuse to quit again.
