-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mlfu1/i_almost_lost_it_yesterday/

I've been sober for a little over a year. Last January I moved to a new city and although I've been attending AA since moving here I haven't really connected with people like I did at home. The people I did connect with were people from school. They all know I don't drink but still occasionally invite me out. I don't go with them often and have struggled a lot with feeling like I fit in or that I'm missing part of the nursing school experience. Saturday night one of my friends texted me to let me know that they'd be going out Sunday night after another friend and I got finished with our clinical shifts. I started thinking that maybe I'd go with them this time. All day Sunday I kept thinking about it and it got to the point where I'd almost convinced myself that I'd be ok if I just drank this one time and I wouldn't have to tell my sponsor or anyone from my hometown (who I keep in very close contact with) because they'd never know. I found myself texting the friend group to make sure they were still going to go and in my head I'd gone from "well I don't want any of them to see me drinking so I'll sneakily get one from the bar and tell them it's coke" to "fuck it I'm going to party tonight". I was ready. Then I started thinking. I've changed a lot in the past year and I worried that I wouldn't be able to withhold the truth from my sponsor if I talked to her I didn't think I'd be able to face any of my (sober) friends from home I knew that I'd keep it to myself which would mean losing all of my friends and supports. Then I started thinking about how I was always suicidal when I was drinking and how even though I'm kind of crazy now I have ways of dealing with those types of thoughts. I texted one of my sober friends and asked her to pray for me or something because I was really obsessing hard about going out with my friends. She told me she loved me and to really think it through before I made any decisions. I did. I sat and thought and thought some more (slow day on the unit). By the time we left I'd pretty much decided I was going to try it (drinking). On the way home I called my sponsor who didn't answer. Left her a message. While in my room getting ready for party night the thought occurred to go to a meeting and then decide what I want to do because I was having all kinds of mixed emotions about it. I went to the meeting spilled about what I was thinking about doing and after the meeting got carted off to dinner with a big group. I talked to my sponsor when I got home and I'm so relieved that I didn't drink. That's the closest I've been in probably 9 months and it was scary. That's the way I believe my higher power works though- giving me the thoughts to do what needs to be done. When I was leaving the hospital there was no way I thought I was about to go to a meeting and I only wanted to call my sponsor to tell her the program was fucking stupid and I still feel just as shitty as I did a year ago (Talk about messed up perceptions!). I'm so grateful to still be sober today. Just wanted to share...TL;DR: Came close to drinking so glad I didn't.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this....really powerful stuff about how easily we can talk ourselves into a drink AND how valuable a support group can be to our sobriety!!..Congrats!!!
Great post I bet you are glad you went to that meeting.  Well done on surviving!
Thank you!  Awesome amazing inspiring post.
Inspiring post! Keep on keeping on /u/myshkin85 !!!  .\o/\o/ Double yay for not drinking!!! \o/\o/
I love going out to dinner with a crew after a meeting. Often times we're the funnest crowd at the restaurant :)
It scares me when I hear these stories but also helps me understand why I have to keep going back to these stupid(how I feel about them sometimes too) meetings all the time like forever. I've had a few times in the past 10 months when I thought just having a drink or two would be no big deal and the only thing that stopped me was not wanting to go to the next meeting and admit I drank or go and then lie about it for the rest of my life. 
Thanks for the share and reminder of the obsession
I have so many hugs for you. I'm so proud of you internet stranger! xoxo
