-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mmzti/need_some_unbiased_opinions_on_what_is_going_on/

I am a 22 year old student at a prestigious university. My grades are great I have made good friends in college and I am the president of my fraternity but my social habits are intense to say the least. I binge drink (4 or more drinks) at least 3 nights a week and have become very nonchalant with the drugs I use on a regular basis. It is an aggressive and exhausting lifestyle and there are times where I recognize I have been overdoing it so time off is self-prescribed. This isnt a lifestyle I see myself ever maintaining after graduation but my parents express more and more concern about what I am doing. ...I am the son of a 100% sober woman and alcoholic father who has been struggling with alcoholism since he was much much younger than me. He has affected myself and my family greatly but I have matured through it. Until a year ago he had never taken the AA program extremely seriously. Now he has been bettering himself mentally and physically (with a few hiccups of course) but he has shown himself to be the father figure I dreamed I'd always had around...My dilemma has always been whether Im actually slipping or if they've successfully implanted this idea in my head that addiction is inevitable for me (they have been suspecting and accusing me of alcohol/drug use for the last 10 years long before I ever tried it). .
----------immediate responses--------

If you think you have a problem you very well may. Why not take a break for a set period of time as a starting point? How about 2 weeks with no alcohol or drugs to clear your head? I never regretted taking time off even in the throws of my addiction. You may learn some things about yourself in the process.
If they've been accusing you of alcohol/drug use from a young age I wouldn't be surprised if they planted some idea in your mind that you have a problem whether or not it's the reality. I'd say take a few weeks or month or two off from drinking see how you feel then try to moderate. Have 2-3 drinks a night. Sometimes you get into a habit especially when you're young and it's hard to tell if it's a problem or just a bad habit. 
I would do a cost/benefit analysis of continuing to drink versus stopping. That's essentially what prompted me to quit. I realized that almost everything bad that had happened to me in the last 8 years was related to alcohol or drugs. There were some good times and I love being drunk/high but the cost was too high so I quit. Really glad I did...What about taking 30 days off and see how hard that is. If you are in control and just overdoing it a bit then that should be easy enough right? If it's tough then maybe you need to seriously consider your relationship with booze/drugs...It's smart to be honest with yourself and be brave enough to post here. I'm glad you did. :)
No one can really say if you will or won't be addicted. It's never that black and white it's like going to Vegas you might walk away with the money you went in with will unlikely score big and ultimately the odds are always in the houses favor. ..Have you talked to a therapist or tried Alanon? That stuff can be what let's you leave with all your chips. .Good luck to you and ask yourself what's the worst thing that would happen if you stopped?
My recommendation is to read posts here on StopDrinking and check out stories of other people's alcoholism: do their stories sound like yours?  Do you relate to the way they think about alcohol or the way that they partied?  ..This might give you insight into whether or not you have anything to be concerned about...One thing that I think is important to note though is that alcoholism is a progressive disease: most of the people I know in the program myself included started out innocently and then progressed to legitimate alcoholism.  I had feelings similar to what you're describing and denied them for a long time until aspects of my life became unmanageable.  Like you I definitely didn't see myself ever "maintaining after graduation" but my drinking actually became much worse.
If I understand you I see two questions one about your current drinking status; and a second about what your family influences have to do with your current drinking status...I'd suggest you can deal with only one of these at a time and of the two your drinking is the one to figure out. To some extent it's irrelevant whether your family planted a seed or not; you have to deal with the tree that's growing from that seed wherever it came from. ..Others here make some good suggestions--taking a break is a great non-threatening way to check out what's going on how hard or easy it is to stop and how you feel about it when you do stop. ..Thoughts?
Does it matter if it's inevitable or now? My yardstick is "If alcohol is causing problems in my life I have an alcohol problem." You're so right in that it's an "aggressive and exhausting lifestyle." ..It doesn't have to be that way. I'm also genetically predispositioned to alcoholism but I try not to dwell on that. I made my own choices and I'm here because I drank too much not because someone opened my mouth and poured vodka down my throat...If I were you I'd soften the focus on how I got here and whether or not my alcohol problems are "valid." Getting sober is hard enough without adding psychoanalysis. :)..Good luck and let us know how it goes!
Hey /u/luismart630 -- a friend of mine just received the State Bar Association's highest award on top of a cascade of awards and honors for his professional work and philanthropic innovations and efforts.  He had a similar background to yours (without the academic achievements)--but he made the single most rational decision I know of as it relates to alcohol: he chose not to drink ever.  His chosen path has been filled with fun craziness parties and all sorts of nonsense but never a DUI never an alcohol-related illness or tragedy--simply a full potential life. 
