-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2mtf98/welp_that_makes_40/

I don't really like posting about days I hit. Seems kind of spammy but I hit 40 so I thought I'd share what happened yesterday at 39...My brother hit me up after work and we decided to get dinner. We sat at the bar of a restaurant near our apartment. He had a beer and I had my club soda. I wondered why he needed to have a beer. It was just dinner. Why just have one? The only reason I drank was to get ready to go out and socialize while taking the edge off. It was also to ease anxiety from withdrawl from doing ti so often. So I wondered what his deal was...We end up finishing dinner and decide to meet up with a friend downtown. He's at a bar my bar and I needed to pay him back for winning an NFL pool from the previous week. I just had my usual club sodas as my brother and him drank. I bought shots for a few guys I knew and declined to join them...That's when I noticed that the manager my friend was drinking ODoules. It appeared that he too was not drinking and I wondered how much my not drinking had to do with it. He's the guy who went out of his way to congratulate me on not drinking. He also encourages me to keep it up and not plan ahead to thing like my upcoming birthday...Then my brother brings up how we went to a football game together with some girls. One of the girls had kept calling me out for not drinking with them. At no point did they even come close to making me relapse but she insisted that I just have one beer. So my brother mentions how he thought that was kind of fucked up. Ironically he called out the manager for drinking non-alocholic beers. I made sure to mention that...The one thing that my brother said that Ill remember for sometime though is "It's the easiest thing to drink. It's the easiest thing in the world. Not drinking is hard as hell. So I respect that." I paraphrased that but it was true. So that's got me thinking I may abstain for my upcoming birthday even though I had been secretly planning to drink and moderate from then on after my "break".
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; "It's the easiest thing to drink. It's the easiest thing in the world. Not drinking is hard as hell. So I respect that."..Good brother.
[deleted]
Don't do it. It's very easy to trick yourself into thinking you have a good reason to drink or that you deserve it or that of course you should drink because it's your birthday and that's what people do on their birthday. But the fact that you're wondering whether it's a good idea is probably a sign that it isn't.
