-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nd4ya/the_hunger/

This was mentioned in another post but I didn't want to hijack so here it is...Ever since I stopped drinking (minus some relapses) I have had an insatiable hunger. Like no matter how much I eat I still feel hungry...Part of me wonders if I am now stuffing feelings with food. This is possible. I have started seeing a psychologist and am expressing feelings (which is a good start) but other than that I feel really down in the dumps and hungry hungry hungry...I have only a few days sobriety right now but have had a pretty good run since the summer (minus maybe three lapses?) I say this comparatively speaking to the rest of my life...About three years ago I was drinking A LOT and I had a calorie counter. I realised that some days 100% of my calories came from alcohol. 1200-2000 calories a day of nothing but alcohol. So I think drinking makes me not want to eat. But now that I am not drinking all hell is breaking loose...I don't see any quick fixes. Yes I could start going to the gym etc but I am trying baby steps. Took my dog for a long walk on the trails yesterday. (I can't seem to exercise without taking the dog; I feel guilty. She is a Lab and deserves as much exercise as possible). So any and all exercise plans should involve her...But I have gained probably 40 pounds. It is depressing. 
----------immediate responses--------

The basic formula is: When you drink you take on a lot of calories. When you stop drinking there is a void of calories...Alcohol contains empty calories and has no nutritional value. Your body can't store alcohol so it metabolises it. Metabolizing alcohol can affect other metabolic processes...The general suggestion on the board is to eat what you like for the first week or so until your body gets some semblance of balance and sanity back into it.
Your body could also be making up for lost time now that it can properly absorb nutrients rather than focus on processing alcohol. 
I ate like a pig for my first few weeks and amazingly lost weight while doing so.  Allow yourself to eat whenever you're hungry. for at least the first month.  Hunger causes relapses.  I had to get my head on straight before I even started worrying about that stuff....Dietary fat helps you feel fuller for longer.  In addition your body processes vegetables more efficiently when fat is also preset.  This is why it's almost always better to have a salad with dressing than it is to have a bare salad.  I know you're a vegan. Are you getting enough oil/fat in your diet?  ..Protein also helps you feel fuller for longer.  Nuts are great for this--a handful of nuts can keep me feeling full for hours. Nuts contain fat too--double bonus. And in case you missed it [almonds are now lower in calories.  w00t!!] (http://www.npr.org/blogs/thesalt/2012/08/03/158083010/if-almonds-bring-you-joy-enjoy-more-for-fewer-calories)
Here's what was true about me: I was bombarding my body and central nervous system with overdoses of alcohol and calories for years before I stopped drinking.  My body and brain needed to heal and this meant eating and sleeping and time.  I gave time time and I healed and lost lots of weight despite eating more than I was used to and sleeping around the clock for some months especially weekends.  When I was sufficiently healthy I found a nutritional and fitness program.  In this era: the MyFitnessApp for my computer and smartphone is terrific.  
I ate a lot when I first quit part of it was hunger and part was trying to keep busy and keep my mind off drinking.  I also had a sweet tooth like no other. Every night I would indulge in something sweet!  I didn't worry the first few months it was kind of like my reward for not drinking although rewarding myself with food could turn into a big problem too.  It wore off I started eating healthy and exercising and I have taken off 30 lbs. 
