-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ne5o6/fell_of_the_wagon_words_of_encouragement/

I'm a 32 year old woman. I started to develop a drinking problem about two years ago when I was dealing with depression. I'm the kind of person who doesn't drink a whole lot but I have to drink almost every day (at least every week day after work). I don't do crazy things when I drink but I get fat and depressed and it makes my anxiety worse (which then makes me drink more). I came out to my friends and family pretty early on letting them know that I was struggling with my drinking. It came as a surprise to most people because I don't ever get belligerent or sloppy and I tended to do my drinking alone. I would just come home from work and drink. And then eat. Eating junk food and drinking are very connected for me. I get in this weird place where neither is enjoyable without the other. I can't justify the unhealthy food unless I drink and the drinking doesn't seem as fun if I don't have junk food to eat. So I would eat and drink sometimes half a bottle of wine sometimes almost the whole bottle. But never more. I just sunk lower and lower into depression and feeling unhealthy. I went to AA meetings read books and saw therapists but nothing was really clicking...Last spring I read  Dry  by Augusten Burroughs and for whatever reason that book really changed the way I was thinking. I also had an episode where I went out with friends and drank (social drinking had stopped being much of a thing for me) and I just felt tired and gross and unhappy afterwards. I stopped drinking and after a few weeks I went to my PCP and let her know I had a drinking problem. I got on Paxil and that helped my anxiety a lot. When I stopped drinking (as is always the case) I instantly felt better. And the more sober days I had the less I even thought about drinking. After two months I lost all of the weight I had gained from drinking I was back to eating super healthy (I actually LOVE healthy food) I got an awesome new job (I had NEVER had a job that I enjoyed before) and best of all I met a wonderful guy. I have been single through most of my 20s as I'm somewhat of a homebody but much more than that I just have found it very hard to connect with people romantically in the way that I want. This guy feels like the one for me and I already love him so much. So I had been sober for 6 months I had an amazing new job and awesome new boyfriend I looked great I felt great my anxiety was in check...And then for some reason I decided to drink in September. It honestly felt like shit to do. It wasn't fun and I felt all dried out and cruddy afterwards. But then two weeks later I did it again. And since early October I've been doing it almost every weekday again. So many things are shitty about this. For one thing I'm hiding it from my boyfriend (who rarely drinks). I have gained back all of the weight I lost and eating junk again. I feel tired and anxious and ashamed and worried just like I used to. I'm being dishonest to someone I really love. I'm miserable. Drinking is not fun for me at all. Like the first 10 minutes or so after I have that first swig are nice but then it's just boring after that. On the days when I don't drink with my boyfriend around I have so much more fun with him. I feel so much happier and connected and clearheaded. When I do drink I just pig out and fall asleep at 9 o'clock...On Sunday I really sat and thought about this and decided it's time to stop. And then yesterday I went grocery shopping on my lunch break and bought wine. The whole time I was telling myself I didn't want to do it and I even almost stopped the cashier from ringing it up. But I still bought it and drank half and felt like garbage and over-ate and fell asleep at 9 o'clock. I poured out the rest of the bottle this morning and I'm back to square one. In my last stretch of sobriety I remember feeling like I needed to just take one day at a time and that really helped. But I think I also need to just tell other people what's happening and get into the right mindset to get the ball rolling. I'm not looking to go to AA or other step programs for personal reasons. I know what I need to do. I just wanted to tell people and maybe get some words of wisdom and encouragement. Thank you so much for reading this. I really appreciate everyone's insight and compassion..
----------immediate responses--------

I have read Dry many many times and I totally love it. I loved seeing inside the mind of an active alcoholic and seeing how it was just like mine...I can't help but wonder why you discount AA and any other step program right off the bat. I tried many many many times to quit drinking and thought that AA was complete nonsense/bs but that is the only thing that works for me...What are your personal reasons for not wanting to go to AA or other step programs? 
It is my strong belief that there are two things one must have in order to achieve sobriety. Willingness and honesty...
Welcome back /u/rabbit_poop -- I remember your username.  Good to see you posting again...Obviously not everyone gets SOBER using AA or other 12 Step programs.  But there is no shortcuts for ACTION.  I didn't do AA and in fact I thought I could handle "my problem" such as it was by seeing a shrink.  While that helped eventually I found the only way to sustain momentum was daily recovery meetings and AA was easy accessible and free so I got over it and went.  Personally I'm glad I did.  
Try rational recovery if you don't want step stuff. Some of its a tad Er... Bizarre but I personally with shine logical changes for myself got a lot out of it and it helped strengthen my resolve.
Welcome back and glad you made it.   Grab a badge from the sidebar and join us here on SD....you'll find support here for sure!  You're words spoke to me because I too drank in secret from my significant other when we moved in together.  He is a VERY infrequent drinker (I've seen him drink once) and knows that when I was younger I did some really stupid stuff when I drank so he didn't like to see me drink.  So I hid it.  The longer I hid it the worse my drinking got so I am really glad to see you nipping it in the bud earlier than trying to attempt to do it later.  Better for you and him.  ..If you're not into step programs you might check out [SMART Recovery](http://www.smartrecovery.org/).  I know you said you know what you need to do but  knowing is sometimes not always enough. You'll find a lot of useful tools there to help you along your way.  You'll also find tons of tools here on /r/stopdrinking too!  
Hi! First off welcome! I'm glad you're here. There are a lot of non-AA people here so don't worry about that. I suggest reading Alan Carr's Easy Way to Control Alcohol which is non-12-step. Also check out the resources at [SMARTRecovery.org](http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/index.htm).  Hang in there and keep reading and participating in this forum. We are in this together. 
