-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nelfj/how_to_explain_things_to_my_so/

I have 12 days of committed sobriety now but I've been trying to quit since March. My GF has more or less stuck by me through this process but I have had 3 or 4 relapses along the way which are brutal disappointments for her. I am at the point now where I feel like I have finally got a handle on staying sober and I am now in a place where I feel I can get some therapy and try dealing with issues from the past but I feel like it's all come too late for her. I don't know how to explain to her how and why things feel different this time. She seems to be accepting that I'm not drinking but just waiting for me to relapse again. I really wish I could let her know how I feel and that drinking is the last thing on my mind right now but I can't seem to get through to her. I feel like I need to take things at my own pace so that I don't fall into the trap of thinking it's all too much but she seems to want me to move faster. She keeps on at me about AA and I have tried AA meetings and although I know they are very helpful to a lot of people I just couldn't seem to get the help that I needed. I would go to meetings to make her happy but I'd feel dishonest and I really want to spend time on things that are working for me. I'm about to start with a new therapist and I have a lot of hope right now about remaining sober and sorting out my life but the prospects of fixing the relationship feel very bleak right now. I really want to save our relationship but I have the awful feeling that it's too late. Any help or advice would be really good right now.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Don't go to AA meetings for someone else.  If you are not open and honest with the program in my opinion it is just a waste of time.  ..12 days of sobriety however don't mean shit to a SO who we have lied to abused and hurt countless times in the past due to alcohol abuse.  She is likely pushing AA because she has seen this tape play out in the past:  you string a few days together and tell her you have a handle on things.  You don't need to go to meetings or see  a counselor or go to a IOP because this time will be different.  She believes you because she loves you and she needs to believe you.  Not believing you is just too painful.  So she lets her guard down and eventually you go right back to your old ways.  She is hurt and devastated all over again...Is that scenario possible?  Maybe she is really pushing AA on you because she sees that you are not really doing anything differently this time around.  You are talking a big game but your actions the same.  Maybe she really wants to see an affirmative change in the way you approach your sobriety this time around because she can't stand another heartbreaking failure?..I rambled...sorry.  I think your question was about how do you convince her things are different now.  You do that through your actions not your words.  If you don't want to go to AA (or any other recovery group) then don't go.  But don't expect your SO to forgive and trust you just 12 short days into your Nth attempt at sobriety..
Believe me she has probably read more than me on this subject. I am certain that she has also had contact with AlAnon if maybe not gone to any actual meetings. I'm not sure what her thing with AA is I know that she has known alcoholics in the past but from what I gather none of them seemed to be able to quit that successfully. .I think that the problem is more that I have managed to ruin any trust that she had in me. 
I would come up with a plan that involved learning from my past mistakes and showing her with my actions how this time is different otherwise it's just lip service. I was the king of 'this time it's going to be different'.
Great job on your 12 days.  We know exactly how hard it is to achieve that.  Really great work!...However you can't tell her you have to show her.  And it's going to take her a good long while to start trusting you again......A personal anecdote:  I attended a few AA meetings 7 years ago but didn't really participate and stopped going...This time around I made a real commitment to AA.  I tried for 90 meetings in 90 days failed but made it at least 3 times a week for several months...I'm 17 months away from my last drink.
Have her go to a few Alanon meetings. She will find some support there.
