-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nhqo1/drinking_and_anxiety/

I remember when I was first flirting seriously with sobriety as a longterm solution to my alcohol problem I would scour this sub and look for posts by people who had a "long time" under their belts. We're they really that much happier? Did they sound brainwashed or boring? I pretty much couldn't imagine life without drinking at that time and I was worried that if I quit I would never "have fun" again etc....So I thought since now that I'm farther along in my own sobriety than initially seemed possible to me I would share a few things to perhaps help some folks who are starting out or questioning their relationship with alcohol. ...Basically for a long time before I stopped I was always some degree of hungover. I have underlying anxiety issues and I would have panic attacks mental fog vision problems and periods of severe derealization fairly often. I thought drinking helped and anxiety is a major reason why I started drinking in the first place. To be honest maybe it did help- at first. But there came a point where it definitely stopped helping and started making things considerably worse. I think a lot of addicts go through a similar cycle- finding relief in something that ultimately ends up failing to relieve and yet we keep trying. ...I was pretty much just surviving at that point (barely) and felt really lost. I didn't know who I was or what I was doing with my life but as long as there was booze I could tell myself that was normal at my age and I could always think about that stuff later... The fact that I was miserable and out of control however became increasingly undeniable. Eventually (754 days ago at age 28) after having exhausted every possible attempt and justification I accepted that I had to stop drinking. ...Jumping ahead to now. I still have anxiety- but its not out of control. I don't have panic attacks brain fog or derealization anymore. Alcohol was unquestionably exacerbating that underlying condition not alleviating it. And now I take a lot of other actions to keep it in check (exercise don't let obligations pile up etc.). Its a huge relief to have "just anxiety" now which is manageable rather than the insane i'm-losing-my-mind kind of hangover anxiety I was experiencing before. ...Today I still have pretty much all of the same friends many of whom drink (not alcoholically) and a few new ones. Social situations are a mixed bag and I've always struggled with that. I do art stuff and I was worried that I would lose touch with the "scene" if I stopped drinking. Pretty much the opposite has happened there. If anything my passion for making stuff has come back in force and I've connected (or reconnected) with people who are also motivated and creative. Most importantly my identity passions and direction in life are no longer a gaping mysterious abyss. ...This is not to say I have it all figured out and everything is amazing and perfect- no I still deal with shit all of the time. But I do actually deal with it now and it is definitely worth it. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great post /u/hailgary and so true about the dimensional benefits and reality of sobriety. 
Thanks a lot for this it's really helpful for me as someone who has anxiety issues and is early in to sobriety themselves. It's nice to see someone with 2+ years? (I don't do Maths) saying these things. It's reassuring and it helps me imagine my future more.
&gt; Most importantly my identity passions and direction in life are no longer a gaping mysterious abyss...If this happened to me I would be so thrilled. I'm afraid I made my existential crisis 20 times worse by soaking my brain in alcohol. I really must hang on and see if my gray matter is still worthwhile..
Thanks for the post. I too have anxiety and i would say it's my number one drinking trigger. Alcohol has always been the one thing that could instantly relieve my anxiety with just one drink. The problem was that i would never stop at one and would end up feeling more anxiety the next day when the booze wore off. I'm sick of using that as an excuse. I think i finally found a non-addictive drug that helps my GAD and i'm hoping this time around i don't become a hermit. 
