-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nhurm/one_week_down_first_time_poster/

Hey guys. I made it a week and its been easy for me this time which I'm slightly worried about. One day last week I decided I didn't want to drink that night so I just went to bed. Did the same thing the next night and the next. Last night I had some friends over for dinner. This was one of my nightmare scenarios because I really loved to drink wine while I cook. Like my favorite kind of drinking (though baseball and beer is up there too - I have until next summer to prepare for that challenge). Anyway this was also kind of important to me because entertaining is my favorite thing and if I couldn't manage that and stay sober things were going to go bad. So they showed up while I was cooking and as usual brought some wine. They opened it and I quickly said "just soda for me thanks." They ribbed me for 2 seconds about being "straight edge" and then we just moved the fuck on. They continued to drink wine (I even opened them a bottle I had in the house) and I continued to stay sober. I had more fun than I've had in a long time. Just being sober... how can I put this... ITS LIKE A DRUG TO ME. There its like... like I've been drunk for so long that being sober feels like a god damn super power. And I love it. My friends left around midnight and instead of passing out in a stupor I stayed up and cleaned up after the party took out the trash and the recycling. I know that doesn't sound like a huge victory maybe... but I didn't wake up through a hangover to the sound of the garbage truck going by. That used to fill me with so much shame me knowing I was too drunk last night to do the basic chores that all adults should be able to accomplish...Anyway my biggest concern right now is the "premature enlightenment" feeling. Like I feel so good right now so clean so upright so strong. But I know this feeling. I've had it before during quits and I've had it moments before relapse. So I'm posting here. I'm badging up to remind me and to have some support...Also this might not be the favorable way to do it but I haven't told my friends and family really. They only fall into two categories: those who think I should have quit ages ago and those who want me to come out for a beer later. And really I don't feel the need to discuss it with either of those groups. The former will just be smug and the latter will be faux understanding - some might even try and tell me I'm fine I can have a beer blah blah blah bullshit. Instead its like I have this powerful secret I'm not sharing with anybody and for some reason that makes me feel really good. Like I'm not whining about how I want to be sober or talking sanctimoniously about how good being sober has made me feel. I'm just... not drinking. And I'm waiting for people to notice the big changes in me and in my life. Because changes are coming. Thanks for reading this if you did. I love you all :)..TL;DR Seven days my way. Haven't looked back!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your first sober week.
Get a badge! Get a badge!
Right behind you brother..Keep it up!
So much about your post resonates with me - especially not telling family and friends and feeling like sobriety is a super power.  Congrats to us for 1 week!
