-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nkw8z/a_year_and_change_a_year_and_change_that_could/

In fall 2012 some of you fine people talked me into seeking medical attention for the horrifying withdrawal my body would innevitably go through from drinking a handle of vodka a day for years in my early 20's. I was 24 when I began to seek help - and it was quite an interesting psychological path to reveal my problems and ask for help through this somewhat anonymous forum. That's really what started it all. I was a boy full of fear and shame and so afraid of people that I couldn't bear to look someone in the eyes let alone admit I had a drinking problem. The funny thing is that everyone already knew I had a problem - I had no one fooled. The appearance the look of death and emptiness in the eyes the lack of feelings the reclusive behaviour in my dark bedroom with empty bottles stuffed into laundry hampers just to hide the evidence.....It was hell and I've been set free. It wasn't perfect from the start. It was 6 weeks and a "just in case" bottle of baileys that became just so convenient. It was 3 weeks and a 3 week "wine experiment" that ended in withdrawals so strange I had auditory hallucinations for a week. It was 9 months of listerine creeping into my daily diet until I was mixing mouthwash with tonic just to get it down faster. And then there was the last relapse November 2013 in the previous 9 months of relatively dry time I had managed to notice my paranoia and anxiety were miraculously lifted to get off my medications to move out of my mothers basement and feel like an adult. I felt like I would try it again just to test it and see if my environment change could change the way I drank. I was wrong and I knew it all along. I just shouldn't drink. People like me just shouldn't drink. I remember that day about a year ago peeling myself out of bed after laying there for 3 days detoxing afraid to even summon the strength to stand up on two feet because I couldn't trust myself to make decisions. I could not trust my own thinking. ..Sunday morning I got on a plane to move to Seoul Korea a dream i've been waiting forever to make real. I'm now 27 years old and an english kindergarten teacher. It honestly wasn't my thinking that got me here. This new adventure is a huge gift that has been given to me by the wisdom of the people on these forums and the strength of the fellowship and a force in my life i've been coming to understand that i've always yearned for- a higher power presence. There's been so much growth and I love it all now. An interesting life will be painful challenging and exhausting - but you don't have to fight it. Just face it and flow. My favourite line in the Big Book truly describes me - "If at first he came to scoff may he remain to pray." ..So thank you. Thanks for setting me free. The biggest gift of this way of life is a freedom I can't use words to describe. Maybe i'll find the right words in Korean someday. All the best..If you're thinking about doing it just do it. It's going to be the hardest thing you'll ever have to do - all future challenged will pale in comparison to the act of stopping drinking. But it will be the greatest thing you'll ever do and you'll never regret it. Never. You will fall in love with yourself again and be able to do things you've never dreamed of...Thanks... To be continued on my blog. It's highly non-drinkie related. ..Life is bafflingly light and beautiful tonight in my small corner of the universe........................................................EPILOGUE..Oh crap. I had a feeling something was wrong with my post. I've been hanging onto this year on this website because it's been symbolic for my journey's event of stopping drinking. But I struggled to let go of something else that the doctor prescribes for anxiety and withdrawals. Be careful of these medications. I personally never thought i'd let go so i'm going to have to reset my "sober date" on here to May 25 because that's the day I really stopped using mind altering drugs of any kind of cope and get through days. Sorry about that it can get really complicated but i've been encouraged to practice rigorous honesty from a friend. So yeah a year without alcohol of any kind but my date on here will now be in synch with my sober date in AA...Take good care. Be careful of the pills. It doesn't matter what shape it is or how mild if it's addictive and if you think you need it every day to cope with life on life's terms you're probably in trouble.
----------immediate responses--------

This is beautiful. Thanks for sharing it. 
Thank you for sharing.
That was lovely thank you!
Happy anniversary and thank you for this lovely post.  
You're awesome dude.
I love your post. There is nothing more important than freedom. I went through a similar transformation when I struggled to overcome my extremely debilitating and limiting social phobias. At first I thought injections of heroin and cocaine were gifts from heaven because they enabled me to do what I'd always longed to do all my life: enjoy the company of my own kind...Of course I became addicted. And like OP I went through hell. And I also freed myself of addiction after 12 ghastly years...After recovery I discovered I had learned some essential lessons about what *not* to do in life. These would make my future incomparably happier than my past. Someday I might even write a book entitled *What Not to Do* and share my story with others so that they can avoid making the same mistakes...Now 18 yrs free of dope &amp; coke I revel in the wonderful happy life I've come to have because of that freedom. Remember if you aren't free nothing else really matters. Stay free OP! Thanks for sharing. 
Good Job!  Keep it up!
**Bravo for one year!**               ..You are proof that recovery is possible. This lovely post gives hope to others. 
[deleted]
Congratulations. You're a winner!
going to korea to quit drinking?      country
