-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nl4e3/a_year_ago_today_i_walked_into_an_aa_meeting_i/

A year ago today I walked into an AA meeting. I accepted a white chip the AA expression of my sincere intention to quit drinking. I had been to this particular place before taken a white chip before and relapsed several times. Not this time this white chip was a very lucky one...In AA meetings that use chips an alcoholic gets different coloured chips as they advance through one year of sobriety. But somehow that white chip was all I needed that time. I like that the chip is white like a white belt. I've heard it said that the highest martial arts masters exchange their black belt for a white belt again beginner's mind full circle. I feel like that...Tip. I put the white chip in my wallet in a plastic picture slide where it was visible each time I opened my wallet. In my wallet I knew I would see the chip to remind me if I ever thought to buy booze. Visible in my wallet I knew that others might see and recognize the AA chip. I was okay with that it kept me humble. If someone would dare to mention it I expected it would be because they knew someone else who had struggled with alcohol. I recommend this to you as a tip putting a chip in your wallet an ongoing reminder right there with the rest of your "change"...Question. I promised myself I would go to an AA meeting if I ever needed it. I have not felt the need. I discovered this sub only because I have been using another sub to quit smoking. I felt the need to acknowledge to others (AA or not) that I have quit successfully and encourage others to success. I am not lacking caution about relapse and will seek help if I need it but I feel the need to move on. I am considering removing the chip from my wallet and just putting it in a safe place. I confess I am a little nervous to do so having relied on it psychologically for a year now. But I also think I should push on and be free. Of course I will make the decision but I wondered what you thought. ..Best regards to all you noble folk..
----------immediate responses--------

Lots of successful people here have not been to AA.  Me for starters.  ..It's nice that you're trying to share credit with that chip but I think we all know who the real is here...Congrats!
I dunno how it is everywhere but my meetings and with my sponsor we like to share chips. Every time I got a new chip my sponsor would actually give me his corresponding chip. It's a team effort no one gets sober alone.
&gt; I confess I am a little nervous to do so having relied on it psychologically. But I also think I should push on and be free...You sound like me when I stopped doing all the things that worked for me when sometime 12 or 13 years after I got sober (also via AA meetings)-- I stopped doing all the things that I did that worked.  I too was looking to "be free."  I kept moving for a couple of years and then I returned to "moderate drinking."  That lasted for two weeks.  You can read my "Saturday Share" to see how well it all worked out for me (hint: Federal Prison).  ..Indeed AA is not a requirement.  AA NEVER claimed to be the only path.  On the other hand consistent sober actions do seem to be inextricably linked to sober outcomes.  Good luck to you friend...Oh and if you have a year sober let me know I happen to know of a private sub where those of us with a year or more of continuous sobriety get invited.  
**Yahoo** for being sober one year. I'm not sure what you mean by feeling the need to "move on"...&gt; If it ain't broke don't fix it.
Having a physical piece of evidence displaying the successes of my efforts was a huge help for me during my first couple months.  Instead of the wallet I put my chip in the outside sleeve of my pack of smokes so that every time I went for a smoke I would be reminded...It was also incredibly helpful for me to be able to hold on  to the chip whenever things seemed to be getting out of hand.  People noticed some asked and some didn't.  Most importantly having the chip on me at all times was comforting when I needed comfort and empowering when I needed strength. 
I have attended AA meetings throughout the past 6 1/2 months.  I keep a 24 hour chip beside my most recent monthly chip...as a reminder that I've gotten here 24 hours at a time and those hours are adding up.    Congrats on hitting a year!  You state that knowing others might see the chip helps keep you humble...and the chip's presence has helped you be mindful.  Why take it out?  *shrug*  Either way keep it up man.  A year sounds like forever for me.  
[deleted]
