-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nohsm/thoughts_on_maturity/

I read somewhere (I think it was possibly "Rachel's Holiday") that you stop emotionally maturing at whatever age you start drugging and drinking- because you don't go through any struggles and learn from them through suffering you just numb yourself. I'm 33 and feel like a kid still all the time! Hopefully this is my time to grow up into the adult I want to be.
----------immediate responses--------

I have found this to be very true in my experiences.  I think the biggest reason for this is I started drinking in my teen years and I used alcohol to handle virtually anything life through at me from the negatives to the positives.  Therefore I never really developed the skills to handle anything on an emotionally mature level.  When I quit drinking I was very "raw" in terms of handling most things in my life.  I had to learn and teach myself proper responsible coping skills.  ..It was well worth it however...Good luck to you!
Absolutely and it was a frightening realization when I quit at 40. Not drinking is the easy part you just don't drink. Becoming a person that doesn't drink takes time and a lot of effort but is so worth it. I feel much more comfortable in my own skin these days but it was a struggle figuring out how non-drinking me fit in.
It feels like I stunted the maturing process but I know mine wasn't stopped completely. I also remember reading that a lot of people regardless of addict or not feel immature in their 30s and 40s. I try to focus on where I am now and where I would like to go then I take action to work toward it. 
No kidding you see this in "in the rooms" all the time; and I certainly feel that this was true for me.  It explains why in AA you will see chronologically older people in recovery who act just like teenagers. A guy I sponsor is somewhat older than me (I turned 60 in September) and my sponsor-ee acts like a big f#cking baby too often.  Amazingly he is going through some incredibly stressful life-altering consequences and I finally see someone growing up!  
I've grown up a lot in the past three months! I really have. And it's very relaxing it turns out to be a responsible human being.
I don't want to grow up!  Lol jk I do but I also like cartoons so... Meh I have uttered the words often "I still feel like a kid." Your post helps me to consider whyperhaps that is.  In some ways I'm happy to be so young at heart now I just need a bank account and financial stability to allow for my firemans pole and trips to Disney Land. Says the youngest 35 yr old.
It is true that emotional and psychological growth is stunted with alcohol and drug use. One of the many wonderful things about working the steps in AA is that doing so leads to maturity. The steps and AA meetings provided me with much needed personal growth. So while growth is stunted with the proper support and guidance it is possible to "catch up". A therapist was also helpful in this regard. 
I ended up growing up with my own teens. It was kinda fun... but seriously yes it takes a coupla years to reach the maturity level a 'normal' person might have
