-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2npbbs/my_friday_night/

My Friday night has consisted of playing an intense game of squash with an old buddy eating some delicious pizza cleaning my apartment and de-cluttering a load of junk. I treated myself to 2x 8 packs of bottled fizzy water earlier so I've knocked a few of those back throughout the night.  1.80 for 8 bottles is a price I like!..Got my Dad over for the weekend tomorrow and boy am I excited. The last time he was up me and my gf were both suffering horrendous hangovers and it wasn't any fun at all. Tomorrow I'll be fresh faced and ready for an action packed fun weekend with them both. I can't wait...I'll have 4 weeks alcohol free this Sunday which is the longest spell I've had since I started binge drinking 10 years ago. Life is good right now it really is. My bank is healthier than ever my anxiety is next to none my head feels like it's had a spring clean and my life just generally seems more organised. There's something to be said for not wasting half your time drunk or hungover!..I hope everyone in the sub is well and if anyone's struggling and tempted to drink this weekend stay strong! The rewards are better than any drunken high.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Sober weekends are far superior to any I had drinking. Enjoy the freedom.
Yum! ..Dear Fizzy Water.. I love you.
Friday nights are a trigger for me too but tonight I am watching television in my pajamas after a trip to the dog park with my pooch. Feels great. 
Good update on your Friday routine /u/BoatLifer!  You squash guys are amazing.  What an elegant and brainy sport.   when I was in my mid-20s to my early 40s I played racquetball but I wanted to play squash but I missed my introduction to it.  
This is great! And I'm so glad you're about to have an opportunity to have a great time with your dad. I'm sure he'll be so psyched too. Congrats!
Congrats sounds like a good night. I got a raise today and celebrated by getting awesome vegan thai food and now i'm writing &amp; listening to amazing music. Totally beats getting wasted and doing dumb shit!
