-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2o1rku/i_will_not_drink_today/

On day 10 and I want to write it out so I don't slip up that "I will not drink today" .Ugh it's a struggle and I feel like I'm under the mountain not even at the bottom of it :(.What a hell of a journey I have ahead of me :(  *sigh*
----------immediate responses--------

Me neither! Go us!
You will get no more than you can handle: TODAY.  Handle that.
That journey can sure seem overwhelming if you think about the end of it.  However if you just think about the present it really is not so scary...I learned a great thing during my IOP program several years ago...it was so simple when the doctor explained it yet I had never really considered it until then.  It has made all the difference in the world to me.  Here it is (without the visuals):..- People who spend an inordinate amount of time thinking about the past are far more likely to suffer from depression:..- People who spend an inordinate amount of time thinking about the future are far more likely to suffer from anxiety;..- People who spend the majority of their time living in the present/moment are far more likely to be healthy happy and productive in their lives...Back in the day I spent all of my time either in the past (re-living and regretting alcohol fueled decisions of my life or opportunities lost) OR in the future (worrying about what my life had come to...how my children would survive with or without their alcoholic dad in their lives).  I was always either depressed or anxious.  I was never just happy...Living life in the moment is one of the greatest tools to my recovery I have.  
That's all you can do. Just remember there is only one god and his name is Death. And there is only one thing we say to Death: 'Not today'. You can do this. :)
Also not drinking today! We got this!
You got this girl. You have a mighty journey ahead of you and you have vast support in your journey ill carry torches with you under the mountain and help carry treasure with you on our way out. One day at a time one step at a time. Be well.
