-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2o216i/1_week_down/

I made it a week.  I Spent the majority of it in deep reflection.  I'm working on a Saturday share that I may or may not end up posting as it's long and ramboly and I'm not a particularly good writer by any means but I find that it's incredibly helpful to write things down even if it's just for me to read later.  I know things are only going to get harder from here.  When I think I have things in control is usually when I loss focus.  I have an incredibly addictive personally and I am ridiculous impulsive.  I tend to jump into things put it everything I have into something and loss interest shortly after.  I hope sobriety is different.  I've spent a ton of time with my wife and kids.  I think I will attend an aa meeting in the future.  I'm not sure I'm ready to start the 12.steps I know I am in desperate need of a sponser. ..I tackled a few big hurdles in the past 7 days I talked with my boss my friend and biggest drinking buddy of the past 6 ish years.  I'm not sure what I was expecting I was very nervous.  I think the drunk part of my brain was hoping he would pressure me and talk me out of it.  In reality he was super supportive with out going into the mushy stuff at the end he offered to instead of going to the bar after work maybe we could go to the gym together to replace that time.  He gave me the contact of a family friend that has been attending aa for many years.  I talked to my brothers  my oldest who has also struggled with alcoholism told me he couldn't believe it because he has also been sober but didn't know how to tell me for fear I would ridicule and talk him out of it that was rough hearing that my own brother didn't want to tell me he was seeking treatment in fear that I wouldn't support him.  Overall I don't feel like I've accomplished much.  I know this is only going to get harder the thought of not drinking at anything for the rest of my life is daunting and lingering.  No weddings no boys trips no hunting or fishing weekends no sporting events no Sunday fundays.  Then I think to myself all those things could be much more enjoyable if I remembered them.  I'm also starting to realize that I was the cause and pushing force that brought alcohol into many situations and maybe family outings and events wouldn't have as much alcohol use if I wasn't pushing it so hard on everyone else.  As for now I'm avoiding any situations where alcohol is being used.  I skipped most of thanksgiving although some of the family from DC came over the other night to see the kids and have dinner which I wasn't aware of.  There was a bottle of wine on the table no one even opened it.  I couldn't believe it because in the past I would have gotten a couple cases and would be making mixed drinks for people who didn't want them.  Weird to think that maybe this entire time it was me causing and starting  drinking and maybe if I wasn't this family  would have a lot less problems...I'm going to continue to work to be a better father  husband  and son and attempt to make up for lost time.  ..I'm sober today and when I wake up tomarrow I'm going to work to be sober then too...*sorry for any errors I'm on my phone and it's tough to edit.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Overall I don't feel like I've accomplished much. ..Are you kidding?? You did the following:..- accepted you are an alcoholic ("my brother who has also struggled with alcoholism")..- reached out and told the important people in your life establishing a support network..- made huge realizations about how much you were drinking compared to everyone around you. This knowledge will come in handy when you begin to start doing things again with others such as those things you mentioned ("no...") that others can and do fun things and enjoy themselves without alcohol..- took care of yourself and your sobriety by not attending a function where you expected alcohol..- are willing to check out opportunities to help you in your quest for a sober life..- made a commitment to yourself to work on being a better person (something I don't think any of us should ever stop doing in reality)..- and the most important thing you made a commitment today to stay sober...This is awesome! Keep doing the next right thing for yourself and things will start coming together more clearly. I'm proud of you!! :-)
I know how you feel I'm at day 10 and feel like I'm under the mountain the task of not drinking seems like "oh my wow" huge!! But knowing that there are others like me struggling makes it easier so I'm here to tell you I'm struggling but reading your post helps me! Thank you and let's do this we CAN do this :)
Your period of self-reflection shows shows you sound like you're gaining a LOT of insight. You're making great strides and you should be proud and hopeful. Here's to taking tomorrow as it comes.
