-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2o2gnh/what_are_you_doing_for_your_recovery_today/

Quitting alcohol and starting a life of recovery is hard work and takes effort.  I believe that it is something that as to be maintained everyday otherwise complacency sets in and relapse begins.  I personally have done a lot for my own recovery and try to do something each day.  I think its good to consciously be working the program into your life I was just wondering what are you guys doing for your recovery today.  For me I read daily reflections meditate/pray for ten minutes text some people in the program and most likely go to a meeting tonight.  Thanks have a good day :)
----------immediate responses--------

I wen to the noon AA meeting; joked around with my sponsor; and at 3 PM I'm off to my annual physical.  
I like to be grateful for something daily and reflect on it.  ..Also I'm struggling from a major jet lag so most likely will be in bed by 7pm so that will help with staying sober
I had a horrific day at work I was stressed and a little depressed. Instead of drinking I decided I would treat myself to a pizza. I did this now I'm full smiling and feeling a lot better about things! I'm going to have a nice early night and enjoy (so glad I'm not sick of this yet I hope I never get sick of it) that wonderful feeling of getting in to bed sober with my thoughts a book or my Nintendo DS! ..Basically I try to remember to be kind to myself :)
[deleted]
I am lucky enough to have the opportunity to be of service to this here subreddit and it's one of the most important ways I anchor my sobriety each day...I also went to yoga and ate some candy corn. All equally important in the general scheme of things. :)..Great question! I'll look forward to the answers. 
Meeting a friend from SD for coffee! 
I'm reading what you write and writing back to you to say thanks. 
Step work baby serious step work. ..
Does eating cereal for dinner count?  ..I dunno I don't really go out of my way to do anything special each day.  I quit smoking tobacco some 10 or 15 years ago.  Never even think about it. Same sorta thing here. Life goes on. ..
