-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2octml/upcoming_potential_troubles/

So a while back I posted a self-indulgent rant about how my wife and I moved across a third of the continent to "a lousy city in a lousy state" for a job she had been aggressively recruited for. We didn't know that the company had the turnover rate of a failing Burger King franchise and was struggling financially. She was fired for no legitimate cause leaving us stranded 11 hours away from friends and family with no income savings or prospects for any jobs remotely related to either of our careers. ..After almost 2 months of looking for viable work in our shitty little town in flyover country with little to no results we've decided to accept an offer of help from our family. We're moving back east to PA to stay with my mother in law while we get our shit together again. ..This is an enormous kick in the ego obviously but my main concern is that in 3 days my wife and I will be living in a city that was very very boozy for us the last time we lived there (about 14 years ago). The only place/time I've ever been sober is in this awful little town I'm now leaving - my wife was making enough $$ that I didn't have to work immediately so when we got here I was afforded the luxury to take a break and make the decision to get sober go to meetings every day go to the gym every day and somewhat obsess over staying sober. I've been able to turn this place into my own little self-imposed kinder gentler rehab. ..This will also be my first time getting a job without whiskey available to self-medicate away all the normal work-related bullshit. ..I already have the meeting schedule for where I'm moving to I'll look for a sponsor when I get there I'll attend a lot of meetings etc. but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little nervous. ..Not entirely sure where I'm going with this but while I'm excited to go home I am definitely getting nervous about how prepared I am for this. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welp it sounds like a hell of a challenge. But it sounds like you also know what you need to do...When I'm in dangerous situations I like to switch my mind over to focus laser-like on sobriety being my #1 priority. I don't necessarily like functioning that way and I don't want to have to be so laser-focused for the rest of my life but I know that right now there are times where it's a necessity...If I were you I'd look for opportunities to pave the way for yourself to be sober in your new home. I'd probably start with being totally honest with every human being you come in contact with - though I'm sure that's easier said than done. ..Good luck - and let us know how it goes!.
Meetings and recovery that's what you've got going for you...Beyond "the program" meetings great places to find the sober side of your old town also places to hear about jobs after the meeting ...You can do it.  Good luck.
What an adventure!..Sure it sounds scary. But in a couple years you'll be saying to your wife "Hey remember that time we moved to the middle of buttfuck nowhere and ended up with no job no savings and no income?"..You are doing all the right things. I just remember to keep doing the next right thing and things fall into place.
Hey dude. I remember your story from a while back. I'm sorry that you and your wife have found yourselves in this less-than-stellar situation. As bad and challenging as things might seem just remember that drinking will only make things worse. Period. You think things are tough now? Throw alcohol into the mix and watch as every single thing becomes more difficult...It sounds like you know what you need to do when you return to PA. Follow through. Also don't worry about it so much! You've got 86 days under your belt brutha! That's nothing to sneeze at. You've demonstrated that you have the ability to abstain from alcohol. Your new environment will present different challenges but the solution is ultimately the same: Don't drink today. That's it that's all...Best of luck with everything. We're here for ya.
You can do it. You're really well set up to succeed. Put that nervous energy to work for your benefit. Your new baseline is you don't drink   embrace it! Good luck.
