-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ol7mn/unsure_how_to_pick_myself_up_again/

Friday was 48 days. I never had any close calls never had any cravings never had any urges. There were a few moments I felt left out or like certain (read: drinking) friends weren't fully supportive but overall it was super easy...The same day I quit drinking I broke up with my ex. He was toxic and I knew if I drank I would contact him...Well Friday I was out on a date and my date said (after 4 ginger ales for me) to the waitress "and for her an actual adult drink"...Well I guess after 48 days of turning down happy hours happily passing on offers for wine at dinner parties and sipping soda while everyone else drank that's all it took.   ..I had one. Met up with drinking friends who were overjoyed to have me back. One turned into 6? 8? 10? I don't remember. Enough to have a hangover Saturday until 6pm. Enough to feel ashamed to realize I texted my ex on drink 2 to wish I never ever drank again. It was a terrifying night of losing control and being overrun by weird emotions. Of being in uncomfortable situations. I walked home alone again in the dark in the city. I was approached by characters on my way home; I once again managed to avoid danger and get home safely. ..What do I do differently this time? I have no idea why I was able to say no for 48 days with no issue and then just snapped. I never struggled with physical cravings or need to be near drinkers. People were impressed with my steady resolve.  And then all it took was one offer and I was down the rabbit hole with no hesitation...What the fuck did I do?..
----------immediate responses--------

I came back from a relapse by RIGOROUSLY doing the [Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) everyday.  I did them this morning. I'll do them tomorrow morning...I will not drink TODAY.  
Were you working a program of recovery? I lasted exactly 21 days without a program. I went back out for 6 months and barely made it out alive...
New relationships and dating in early sobriety can be risky. We're not strongly anchored yet in new practices of not drinking. ..Beyond this was your date aware of your status? And even if not that's pretty presumptuous and manipulative. 
for me personally I would have left if a person I was on a date with ordered me a drink in a super condescending way like that...you can do this learn from your mistakes and move forward. Do not dwell on the past.
[deleted]
My powerlessness begins with the insanity that precedes the first drink. I'll either think I'm not an alcoholic that I can just have one (like there's a point in that) that I can drink and still live a spiritual life or I just won't think at all. I can't use my dysfunctional brain to figure my way out of my own insanity. This means I have to have a program of action to keep me sober which I have found by working the steps in AA.
Have you a support system in place? ..I have found especially in one's early days of  sobriety it's often a good idea to attend AA meetings &amp; find a reliable sponsor...Then if faced with a situation like this again you can text your sponsor...Finally and this is just my personal opinion if you were finding it "super easy" to quit drinking then you are just scratching the surface of the problem which leaves one open to slip ups again..Glad you made it home safe and sound.
[deleted]
That's the alcoholic ninja creeping up on you.  It's crafty and cunning and dangerous.  It will try to persuade bargain manipulate deceive and lie to you if you're not careful...I have found the best thing to do is repeat your mantra until the cravings go away mine is "Sober till bedtime!"..If I get offered a drink I simply say "I don't drink but thank you =-)"..If I keep getting pressured I restate "I don't drink but thank you."..No more than 3x then I just leave that person because they don't get it and it's not my responsibility to explain myself to them...Welcome back and try not to beat yourself up to much.  Batman gets beat up all the time but he picks himself up and keeps on going.. 
