-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2old7b/thoughts_on_nonalcoholic_beer/

Does anyone have any experience with non-alcoholic beer? One of the biggest struggles I've had since I've stopped drinking has been the feel of something in my hand while doing things I usually drank during. Watching sports grilling things like that.  I just want something in my hand. I've been trying to coffee and soft drinks but I still have that urge to drink a beer. ..In your experience did it satisfy your urge or just lead down the wrong road? Thanks for any advice. ..Edit: thanks for all the advice guys I really appreciate it. Looks like NA beer is a step in the wrong direction. A lot of people suggested sparkling water so I'm going to get some of that. Thanks for helping through the past 10 days. 
----------immediate responses--------

I like to tell my brain to go fuck itself when it tells me "I want a beer"..I feel like giving in to non-alcoholic beer is WAY too close to comfort. Plus it has alcohol in it. Fuck that.
NA beer is expensive and fattening...La Croix sparking water in a can. It's like crack but much better for you.
I thought about it too when I first quit but decided against it. It's too risky. I find when I need a drink in my hand soda water does the trick for me.
I've had the real thing. Why should I settle for the fake stuff? Why torture myself with pretend beer?
Part of the quitting process is making new habits.  Keep fighting the good fight and it will get easier.  (And when just starting it's TOUGH to watch sports when you CONSTANTLY have beer ads coming at you.)  ..I too am a beer guy.   I tried non-alcoholic but having the 'unleaded' kind only made me want a real one.   ....It's not the malt and hops that you're craving.  ;)  .
When I stopped drinking I also stopped to the alcohol-like actions that were connected with drinking.  NA beer faux cocktails is pretend drinking and too close to the real alcoholic actions and thinking that I want to change.
Bad news: Brewing decent non-alcoholic beer is very difficult and few brands are worth your time. Erdinger was the only one I liked and that was $10/6 pack...Good news: Only the law specifies that NA beer must contain less than 0.5% alcohol but most contain less than that. Some are true 0.0% NA beers. It is essentially impossible to get drunk off them no matter how hard you might try. Moreover fruit juice contains trace amounts and trace amounts of alcohol are also produced as a by product in the human digestive system...Bad news: They're still fattening and expensive...Good news: They allow you the ritual of having a beer without getting drunk...Bad news: You will never be able to get the release that full alcohol beer allows (and which is what most of us chased). You will never be able to blow out the pipes drinking them. This can become increasingly frustrating resulting in increased dissatisfaction with drinking them. ..Bottom line: I found I was still chasing the buzz and the dissatisfaction eventually led to thoughts to go back to real beer. 
Non-alcoholic beer is for non-alcoholics. 
NA beer is lame. Switch to tonic water or juice or something. Nobody takes people seriously that drink NA beer. 
