-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ou4y2/day_three_rant/

Hello SD!..Just wanted to let newcomers know my struggle since I've benefited from many stories here...I decided about two months ago to stop drinking and each and every day I tried and wasn't able to stop. Every day I kept trying. Every day was a new excuse and a new reason. After a few weeks I've gone through most of the stupid excuses. ..Then I was able to hold off a day. I seem to have very strong cravings so it is incredibly hard and caved. Then a few days later I held off a few days before I caved...Today marks my third day sober and soon to be 4. I have exhausted all stupid excuses like I will only have one the day is stressful I can get away without anyone knowing etc. I have remembered the frustration guilt and stupidity of each time and have building them together in my mind. ..I also have been planning on drinking on a trip for xmas when I visit my father in law around the 18th and on a cruise I'm going on in February that I have been planning for a year. In the last month I know how stupid it is to plan drinking so far in advance so I made a big move and canceled my cruise since I believe I won't be strong enough not to drink anything. I have also (and this was tough) told my father in law I am not drinking anymore. He is a man's man and a wine lover and I'm sure I lose some face with him. It doesn't matter...My best way of beating any cravings is to indulge myself in other things. I've been eating a lot of fast food chocolate caffeine bought a few lotto tickets private time with my wife etc. Anything that gives me a small high/excitement seems to help. ..The cravings are down today and I am excited. Thank you for being my daily reminder guys. (I just reset my badge so it may not be accurate)
----------immediate responses--------

Smart moves cancelling those trigger events... good luck!
&gt;My best way of beating any cravings is to indulge myself in other things. ..May I suggest exercise as well? I found the discipline helpful and it counteracted all the sugar I was eating so I lost weight and ran a marathon which required its own kind of obsessive training. ..Any other plans for outside support? I saw a counselor who specializes in substance abuse. Other people go to meetings. Thoughts?
My stepdad sounds a little like your father in law he was a bit pissy with me when I first told him especially about losing his cheese and wine buddy but he's coming round now now he knows I'm serious and won't be swayed!
Good for you /u/ForMySixKids.  
