-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ovr1c/my_plea_to_you/

I'm not an alcoholic nor a recovering alcoholic and for that reason I have been thinking about wether or not I have any right to give any advice on this subreddit. .But today I persuaded myself and decided to share something that I don't share a lot and that's my experience with alcoholism. Not fighting it as an adult but living with it as a child. I know a few of you redditors will have children some of you wont but this message is coming from one of the loved ones you hurt every time you go to pick up that drink...I don't really think I could have asked for a more loving kind selfless enthusiastic dad growing up. On Saturdays he'd wake me and my sister up to go early morning swimming at the pool and I remember long bike rides and building forts and scary late night stories we were his little angels and he was a our role model and best friend. My most horrifying memory was one I experienced when I was about 6 years old when I walked in home from Brownies to see my mother pinned up to the kitchen door by the throat my red faced dad shouting insults that I can recite word for word and my 4 year old sister gripping his legs screaming "daddy stop hurting her". .Of all the things in the world theres nothing much more devastating than  witnessing such hatred between two parents he said he wanted to kill her and on occasions he nearly did. the next morning he'd wake up hungover and see the bruises on her neck and face and cry then start drinking again. He stopped going to work loans started to catch up we couldnt afford the house we lived in and despite his efforts to detox he always fell back on the booze. .My dad was the most incredible man and the drink turned him into the most terrifying monster from any nightmare and I was living it. My childhood became cold I was saying profound things that 7 year olds shouldnt say and started to struggle in school one teacher wanted me to be tested for autism and another lost her temper and said I was just stupid. then i'd go home and try to stop dad from giving my mum a new bruise. ..When I was 8 my mum and dad split up and my sister and me went to live with my mum and grandma. on weekends we'd go and see dad in his apartment he started to do better and those precious sober weekends are some of the best i've ever had as a kid but some weeks he answered the door with bloodshot eyes and a slurred voice and those moments of realisation broke my heart every time. I was watching someone I loved so much slowly kill himself...The situation carried on like this for years. when I was 12 years old my dads drinking was at its worst and after school one day my mum came home and told me not to panic but "dads poorly". .When we went to visit him every day his eyes and skin had turned yellow and his stomach had to be drained from a build up of fluid constantly despite all of this I was so happy because he was sober. he was still joking saying he looked like a banana man and promised that when he got better he'd take us on holiday. he was being the father I knew and loved again which made his death all the more impossible for me to bear. I found out after that his liver had completely failed and that without a transplant he couldnt recover. but there were no livers available. ..My dad died 3 weeks before my 13th birthday and I put on a black dress and made a speech at his funeral. I'm 18 now and doing well at University yet I still have dreams about him and can still remember the smell of the hospital room. Alcohol has caused so much agony in my life and I miss my dad so much. My sober dad not the person he became when he drank...So if you've read this far this is my plea to you. whether you have been sober for one two or thousand days think of your loved ones faces looking at you in a hospital bed. Look in the mirror and picture yellow tinged eyes and skin. ..You dont need the drink to be the person you are you cant become a better version of yourself with it and you cant escape anything through the feelings you get from it. This is my plea to you redditor. I wouldnt wish my past life on anyone dont even think about putting someone you know through it...The last christmas I spent with my dad he gave into drink and every year it haunts me. I beg of you please please dont be tempted dont give in. you are strong and loved by so many people that dont want to watch you slowly kill yourself.
----------immediate responses--------

It know a similar feeling. My mum had two personalities she was awesome when sober but horrible when drunk. It really fucked me up as a kid I think single parent household so even when she was there she wasn't there you know? Thanks for your post.
Thank you for sharing. I know many people here are adult children of alcoholics...[There are resources out there if you so choose to use them](http://www.adultchildren.org/)
Thank you. 
Thank you. A lot of us needed that. You're welcome any time to come here and share ask for help or give it as you so eloquently did. I know putting your thoughts down on paper was a painful if cathartic thing to do. Bless you. [wipes tears]
Thank you. I beat myself up every day for what I did to my kids while they were growing up and I thank my higher power daily for letting me get sober so I can be the dad I am now.
A million thanks to you.  http://i.imgur.com/z0esjTl.jpg 
Thank you for sharing your experience.  You've helped this alcoholic father not drink today.
I have no words except I'm sorry and thanks for sharing.
As a young father of two very young kids I am saving this to read whenever I need it...Thank you
Gold?!.Thankyou stranger and thankyou everyone for the kind responses. it was oddly freeing to get it all down in words and share it and your reactions have moved me so much :')
wow that was very touching.  Alchoholic with no kids here beautiful post.  Thank you for sharing.  I love how you recall your father with kindness I guess that is the definition of forgiveness.  Beautiful.  Thanks for opening up.
How old was your father when he passed?
Man the dust in this office!..Thank you so much.  
Thank you for posting this. I'm tearing up at work. I hope that if I have children they will never see me drink - your story strengthens my resolve.
Thank you so much. I had a friend die this year of the same thing. He had one son who was 11. 
I can't tell you how much reading this meant to me especially as the father of two young children.  Your words give me both realization and hope thank you so much for sharing.
You may want to investigate Adult Children of Alcoholics - ACOA.  ..There has been damage done. ACOA may help to repair some...http://www.adultchildren.org/.
Thank you for a powerful message.  You have every right to post here and I thank you for it..
Thank you for this post.   You are very wise and strong.   Please keep spreading the word it really helps.   More than I can even say...&gt;think of your loved ones faces looking at you in a hospital bed. ..I did and this was a prime motivator for me to quit.  I also thought about lying there in shame and agony with no booze to get numb knowing all the while "I did this to myself."    I pictured having to say that to my kids.   And it really sank in...There is no blaze of glory.  It's a shameful horrible agonizing long slow death.  Go to Youtube and watch a documentary called "Rain In My Heart."   It's devastating...Thank you again and God Bless.
Very moving post thank you so much for sharing. You are very wise and brave and I think your story will hit home for many whether they relate to you or your dad. I do not have children and when I do I hope they never see that side of me - in fact I hope no one ever sees that side of me again...Today I heed your plea and vow that I will not drink.
Thank you for sharing with us. 
This is really nice of you to share with us thank you.
I'm wiping tears from my eyes as I write this comment.  Your story is the very reason I quit.  I have two young daughters less than 2 years apart...They never saw me drunk and I only drank when the family was asleep so it didn't interfere directly with family or work.  But 100 days ago the realization I was slowly killing myself hit me like a ton of bricks.  I'd never willingly let someone kill me and take me from them.  So why was I willingly albeit slowly doing to myself what I'd fight vigorously against?  The moment I realized this something broke inside me or maybe it's better to say something finally came alive.  ..I saved your post.  I needed to see it.  ..I'm so glad you have wonderful memories of your father.  It sounds like he really loved you.  
Thank you x
Thank you so much. Tomorrow is 4 months for me. As a father of 3 small children this hits home. 
Thank you for this. &lt;3
This was really moving. Thanks for sharing that. 
Thank you so much for sharing this. I have a big challenge coming up and earlier in the day I was arguing with myself about whether it was better just to concede defeat for a night and focus on preparing to pick up the inevitable pieces. This was just what I needed to man up and power through this. 
Thank you. ..I like this version of me much better. The world seems clearer if uncomfortably sharp at times. I don't mind. 
Thank you.
As a child of an alcoholic this tears at my heart. I know the pain you've felt up to a certain point (because I have no idea what it's like to be in your specific situation) and I thank you for sharing this. I send love your way. 
I'm so sorry for your loss and thank you so much for posting.  My relationships are the most important thing to me in my life and I would guess your father felt the same way but the disease is sooo strong.  Thank you for your willingness to reach out to us here and help us in our desire to remain sober.  Your words are a gift :) 
I really appreciate your sharing this here and I'm sorry you lost your dad to this disease. You might very well have saved lives today.
Wow. What a post. Thank you kindly for sharing.
Jesus Christ. This certainly helped some reservations I've been dealing with. Thanks a lot.
It's cool it's just 7 am and I'm crying alone in bed. Nothing to see here... 
Thank you for sharing this heartfelt moving post. I'm not a father but grew up in a house with an alcoholic father. There never was any violence but he was pretty much absent during our childhood even though he worked from home. (long story there) I saw the train wreck my parents marriage became and ironically I used alcohol to escape the shitty situation which has now become a problem for me... I want to say sorry for your loss and you seem like a woman with amazing strong resolve. Please come back and post again as I think we need people like you to remind us to stay on the right path. 
Thank you for sharing. I have a son  coming in two months and would not want him to experience anything like that. 
Wow amazing post as a dad to two girls really touched me.
