-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2p4jme/finally_got_some_free_time_so_heres_my_story_im/

I grew up as an only child in a sober home. My parents actually met at AA. I was a shy and insecure kid. Never felt like I really fit in. You know the usual. I remember being anxious and had some abandonment issues very early on I have no idea why. When I started school I got bullied and ignored which only fueled the insecurity. ..When I was about 11 years old my dad had a relapse. He came home one evening reeking of booze and barely able to talk coherently. I was in shock. This was not the safe loving dad that I'd always known. This one could barely stand up on his own and was crying. Not long after I had my first panic attack. With this followed almost a year worth of hell. I was constantly nervous had headaches and stomach pain. I was on edge all the time I didn't feel safe at our home. My dad started drinking daily he was either loud and agressive (not physically) or an emotional mess. Mom and I would sneak out at the middle of the night several times when things got too bad at home and wander around the streets just waiting for him to fall asleep. I slept with my jacket on constantly listening for the clink of a bottle or if he woke up and started calling my name. Finally when I was 12 my parents divorced. Me and mom moved to an apartment complex nearby and things finally started to calm down a bit. I went to therapy and got anti-depressants which were a blessing. I met my dad when he was sober...The first time I ever drank was when I was 12 or 13. I was with my best friend at her summer cottage. The adults were having a BBQ and the alcohol was flowing. We had built a tent in the back yeard and I remember us waiting 'til dusk knowing the adults would be pretty buzzed by then leaving half full beer cans here and there. We snuck a few to our tent and drank. I remember feeling excited. I never really conntected my dad's drinking with this situation. I wasn't like him. I never would be. I remember the first taste and I when I felt the buzz I fell in love. We became giggly and confident. For the first time in forever I felt all my worries fade away. I had found my sweet escape. To make it even better I felt no hangover the day after. In fact I felt great and couldn't wait to try again. By 15 I partied almost every weekend and hung out with questionable people and got in trouble...I guess I really started to lose control at the age of 20 when I could legally go buy booze. Now I could invite some friends over and have a party at my place or have a pre-party before the bars to save money. Too bad I almost always passed out during the "pre-party". I was of course embarrassed and said that I hadn't eaten properly or that I'd slept poorly. My anxiety levels had started to rise more and more and I couldn't handle social situations sober. I developed social phobia so things like traveling by train or bus were almost too much to handle for me let alone travel somewhere far or meeting someone new or going on a date. Booze became my best friend and my medication. I ruined relationship after relationship with my drinking I tried to meet people who were at "my level" with drinking so I could justify my own consumption but I always wanted more than they did. It was never enough and I alienated everyone by my behaviour...I remember one time when me and a bunch of friends were to travel to a music festival a long car ride away. I was so nervous and anxious that I started drinking already in the morning and when they came to pick me up I had already passed out so they had to drag me to the car. I woke up and had no idea what'd happened. Oh the shame. They mostly joked about it but it was becoming harder and harder to disguise my problem and I think a lot of them already knew or suspected something was up but kept their mouths shut for most of the time...The first time I tried to really quit was 2 years ago. I went to community college to save my grades but my drinking started to affect that too as usual. I took antabuse for a month and felt okay. I went to my first AA meeting and oh man did I feel awkward. I was nowhere near ready to admit my problem for real. I was on guard and freaked out by how welcoming everyone was. I felt threatened by these happy people. But most of all I felt sorry for myself and thought everyone should. I left and didn't return for a while. I thought I was cured after a month. I felt great and surely now I had learned my lesson!..I started drinking like usual again tried to date a few guys alienated them with my drinking as usual and by 2013 I was in the same situation once again. I had been at my dad's place for a few days drinking since my mom didn't want me at home (she has started drinking too but not as much). I woke up the day after feeling just awful. I felt that I'd hit the rock bottom truly and that I was on my way to becoming just like my dad. That scared this shit out of me so I called my mom crying and asked if she and her SO could drive me to the rehab center for detox. So off I went to sober up and I truly had started to hate that place (had been there a few rounds already by then). Waiting to sober up and just walking up and down the corridor sweating shaking and having panic attacks with all the other detox zombies wasn't great. At all. The day after I was allowed to leave but had an appointment at a rehab clinic near me for an outpatient detox treatment. That's the first time I seriously started to think about my drinking. I knew I had a problem. Once I got back on my feet life felt pretty darn great. I started working out several times a week my grades went up and old friends wanted to hang out again. Went to AA a few times but became bored and figured I was fine on my own. Then came the holidays. Christmas and New Year and the alcoholic part of me started to whisper in my ear. "Aw come on it's the holidays." "You deserve it you've been doing so well these four months!" "A few drinks won't hurt you know better now." So I started to plan my relapse (of course then I didn't see it as a relapse) carefully. I stopped taking antabuse well before Christmas eve so I knew I would be able to drink. And boy did I drink. And not only a few drinks either. By then I had started dating my current boyfriend and he was coming over for New Years for our first date. I was determined to not drink too much and make a good first impression so I did. I managed to not get too shit faced and kept up the same pace as him. It started off slow I felt like I was in better control and things were going great with the SO. We met had dinner and drinks and all that. But when we got past the first drinks and first dates and he wanted to do something different I kept going on. I wanted to party. He reluctantly tagged along for a while but grew tired of it. I started to sneak with the booze hid in the toilet drinking or drank when he was asleep. In hindsight I know I wasn't fooling anyone no amount of perfume or gum could disguise my rising buzz. ..Fast forward to this summer I got my first job interview. I was nervous so I drank prior to it. Got the job and felt awesome. Felt I deserved a drink. I always deserved a drink by then. Or more like needed one. Or a dozen. Things were becoming tense in my relationship. I was acting more and more like Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde when drunk. I was lying about horrible twisted things for attention I self harmed. I was agressive. The last straw I guess was when we went to a music festival this August and the booze was free and flowing. I passed out more than once and had to be taken to a hospital tent in the camping area. It was pathetic. I drank obsessively and missed most of the bands I was there to see. But I guess I could hide my problem pretty well since almost everyone around me were drinking hard aswell. Only my boyfriend saw through it and finally on the last day I broke down and told him that yes I had a problem. That I would seek help. This was the first time I ever admitted my problem to someone other than myself or the doctors. I went home and continued to drink what was left of my booze. Bougt some more and drank. By the end of it I literally felt like I was dying. I was either going mad or dying. I remember chugging beer after beer while crying trying to subdue my horrible anxiety and shame but with no avail. I was way past that point now and my "precious medicine" had turned against me. I was done. The mix of anti depressants and alcohol had made me a pathetic mean and selfish monster. I don't really remember a lot from the last night. I didn't want to stop drinking but I couldn't continue either. I just couldn't. I called the ambulance and off I went again to the ER. The doctors were shocked by the amount of alcohol in my system. Needless to say my tolerance had grown a lot...I went through the final out patient detox. In my last days I had already started posting here asking for help. I waited a week or two just trying to recover then returned ashamed to my local AA meeting. I was defeated but they welcomed me with open arms. The first thing I did was to ask for a sponsor a girl I'd gotten to know and who had seen me during one of my rock bottoms. It just felt natural. So here I am over four months later and working the steps. I go to AA at least twice a week do service and got a sponsor who doesn't tolerate any slacking on my part. :) I feel better than ever. More calm tolerant selfless patient and balanced. I'm finally able to slowly but surely face my demons and face all my fears and issues. The milestones I've reached during this journey are so many already and I'm so thankful for that. I meditate daily keep a connection with my higher power and work each day to improve who I am. Finding out who I really am. The urges are still there sometimes but today I know better. There is nothing good left in those drinking memories for me anymore. Each day I'm thankful to not have to endure that hell anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

Your boyfriend sounds amazing. ..&amp;nbsp;.."I feel better than ever. More calm tolerant selfless patient and balanced." This is what I want out of sobriety.  ..Could you extrapolate about how you "planned your relapse" in your head? I'm afraid of doing the same thing. 
Thank you so much for sharing! You sound like you're doing great these days.
Thank you for sharing.  It means a lot. 
 Hitting enter twice will insert a paragraph break. Inserting paragraphs would make this much easier to read. 
"So I started to plan my relapse." You worded that well. That sensation is so insane. You have to plan because you *know you aren't supposed to do this.* Figuring out that warped thinking is a big part of getting a handle on the problem. .
Thank you for such an honest post. I'm really happy that things have improved for you. 
It's just one day at a time especially around the holidays. I'm so proud of you and what a great read! Keep up the good work and keep coming back!!!
Thank you so much for sharing Prkle....I admit I had been curious as to your story knowing that you are another child of an alcoholic(s). Keep up that gratitude and the peace you receive because of it. :-) Be well my friend. 
Wow /u/Prkle so many things in your post felt like things I could have written. I'm like you I struggled (in secret really) for so so long. It's so great to see you out on the other side (WOOT 128 days)!..Thanks for sharing all of this - great job! Here's to not having to endure that hell anymore. :)
Powerfully said /u/Prkle--I'm so proud of you.  Thanks for adding this "share."
