-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2p4n8u/hard_time/

When you're going through a tough time  how do you keep yourself from relapsing back into drinking?  My boyfriend of five years broke up with me this week.  He told me he never loved me  even though we said it every day.  He said other hurtful things too.  I know just surrounding yourself with people  but when I'm alone  it's terrible.  I just want to be numb.  
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear you're having a hard time. I try and keep busy when I hit a rough patch and lots of physical exercise to tire me out. Good luck and hang in there things will get better.
Break ups are hard at the best of times.  Know this though he only said them things in the heat of the moment.  He did and he said he did! and someone else will pick up where he left off!  Just hang in there and give it time.
My addictions include people my self worth is overly dependent on others my divorce in my 5 th year took me to some pretty crazy places and I clung to AA like the life raft it was...Good luck stay close and in touch.
My alcohol enthusiam was all about wanting to feel numb. Even after I got sober I still suffered a great deal because  I reacted so badly to things going wrong - my reaction to any type of sadness was to start falling into depression. It was like I was allergic to the tough times. ..Things changed for me when I accepted how ridiculous to ever think 'it shouldn't be like this'. I stopped trying to avoid or resist low mood and instead I just started to lean into it. Then the most amazing thing happened - it turned out that the the monster I'd spent my life running away from was just a little puppy dog. ..I've had lots of tough times since getting sober and the key to dealing with them has been acceptance. I do things to improve my future but I understand that there is nothing I can do to change this present moment. It is only when I struggle about what is happening right now that I suffer -I've found that pain is part of life but the suffering is optional. ..It sounds like you are dealing with some pain - is that so terrible? Could it be that it is the idea that you shouldn't be feeling this way that is the problem? What would happen if you just experienced this pain until it passed (which it always does)? Would that be so bad? Will getting drunk really help you escape this pain?
I think it through. If you drink there will be temporary relief and numbness but then you will have self disgust and guilt to add to your sadness and pain when you wake up hung over tomorrow. Instead of running from the pain to alcohol just let it flow. You'll be amazed at how strong you are. ..P.S. He did love you. He's just being an asshole by saying those hurtful things...proof you are better off without him. 
Many of us fail when faced with the emotional pain that you're dealing with. ...For me times like these are when my support group and sponsor become invaluable....You can numb the pain for a bit but it will be back tomorrow.  And it will be amplified by your hangover. ...If you can keep it together you will 24 hours closer to ending the pain. ...I'm so sorry you're hurting.  It's good you came here for support.  ...Keep us updated will you?
I game. Sometimes workout(this one works the best!!!!) drumming is a fun way to let it out. ..People dude. People you want to be like. Keep them around. 
That's rough girl! Sorry to hear about that. My go to in hard times is binge watching a TV show. Let me know if you want a recommendation! 
I occasionally suggest to those who are enduring a challenging period with loss especially a death a break -up or such  to write...Nothing fancy don't think too much just stream of consciousness journaling of feelings...to get them out on the table out of your mind and on paper...That often helps relieve the going over and over again issues in your mind. Write how you feel.  Write where you'd like to progress to. Write whatever flows..Just a suggestion.
I'm new to this but I recently went through a really awful break up after a 3 year relationship and my first serious one. I watched The Life Aquatic every single day (sometimes twice) and Forgetting Sarah Marshall entered the rotation pretty quickly. For some reason that helped a lot. Whatever speaks to you...This clip specifically: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5ZtwbzUFZE&amp;t=0m40s ..During a particularly rough few minutes when my (wonderful super maternal and supportive) boss asked me into her office to discuss why I was crying every hour on the hour at my desk for a couple days she said something that stuck with me. "It might feel like you're dying right now but eventually it will all make sense."..I hope you will find strength in this community and do what you need to in order to make it through. I am so sorry that it ended on such difficult terms no one should have to endure that sort of needless pain and I wish all the best to you moving forward. Love from DC.
Being sober is about feeling things true. And sometimes the truth fucking hurts. The pain makes it real. I use it to remind myself that I am truly living this life. To numb it out means that I've chosen to not live the only life I have...Tough but true. That's what recovery and sobriety means to me today.
