-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2p6zio/been_sober_for_almost_15_years_now_i_still/

I quit drinking August 10th 2013 (A day I'll never forget)..Before that I had so many interests and pursuits that I couldn't keep track of them all and I never rested it seemed. My wife would constantly tell me that I needed to calm down and spend more time down and with her...Now even 1.5 years later I'm still just kind of floating along. I don't have a way of shedding the anxiety and wound-up spring feeling from the day and so it just keeps me worn down. I figure if I just keep waiting long enough it'll go away and I can feel normal - but it's been a long time now. I keep thinking if I feign interest in things long enough I'll actually permanently take it up. But I always just seem to resort to playing video games because I'm "too tired to really anything that requires a concerted effort and 100% concentration". I really love playing video games - it's the only thing that takes me out of my body and mind so to speak - where the rest of my being can rest while I distract my consciousness. ..I recognize these behaviours as those of an addict and that it's really just a mild substitution. I've removed the problem but I haven't changed the behavior. It really makes me question if the drinking was really ever the problem in the first place and it was really just my behavior and attitude that made everything to terrible.  I was never really a morning-till-I-pass-out kind of drinker - just an addict that loved to escape reality. Escape the indulgement of self-loathing and paralyzing anxiety and forget that my brain doesn't like producing the proper amount of certain neurotransmitters. ..I've been doing my best to stay active but I just tore a rotator cuff muscle. My favorite thing to do was to lift. Now even that's been taken away from me. ..Some days I just want to start drinking again so I can be the same adventurous ambitious out-going person I was for 15 years. Some relief from the feelings of blue and anxiety. I take meds that help take the edge off - but I don't want a need for them. ..Why is this so hard? I never had to try it all just came to me because I was a happy person. 
----------immediate responses--------

What meds?
Somebody told me.. bordeom is often serenity in disguise. Chances are all your original endeavours were fruitless or farfetched. Now you're living for today for what you have in front of you. Alcoholics usually have a grandiose self image and sobriety tends to bring that into focus. Its what I'm told and starting to realize. Im just not as goddamn awesome as I thought I was. 
Yeah but did you FINISH all the projects you started? Or was it just a manic escapade?..Sounds to me like you were drunk running around being interested in everything and not stopping to smell the roses (or hang out with your wife)...
I feel this way too.  I am envious of all the posts that talk about finding new interests and actually having time for them.  Since I quit I honestly feel that I have no passions anymore and I'm not interested in anything.  I haven't said anything to anyone cuz I was hoping it was just a phase that would pass but I totally identify with missing the adventurous and outgoing person I used to be.....But on the other hand I feel like the reason I was so happy-go-lucky is because I was always escaping.  I didn't care about my student loans or my back taxes or my kids or anything but being that adventurous outgoing guy.  Now that he's not a good distraction anymore I have to actually pay attention to all the shit I'd been ignoring.
I wonder if the people who love you agree that you were "adventurous ambitious and out-going" when you were drinking. Maybe it's more like impulsive and obnoxious. That's how other people perceived me anyway. ..Depression often accompanies alcoholism. It's good that you are seeing professionals. I did the same. In addition I got involved in AA. Working the steps opened my mind to a world I didn't know existed and provided considerable personal growth. Have you given AA a try? ..There's more to recovery than just staying sober. 
I'm just past 3 years and found it took 2 or more to "get my happy back". Now my life is different - ain't no doubt. I love a good night's sleep instead of frantically staying up getting buzzed. But I'm also laughing a lot! I'm having fun again. Hang in there and you'll get your happy back with time.
Yep I've struggled with similar feelings of apathy and also with anxiety. I've found that exercise diet etc. (all the usual health-related stuff people suggest) definitely does help but it sounds like you have already been doing that kind of stuff- if you're physically healthy and active but still feel shitty then chances are something is up with your meds and/or brain... so it sounds like the next step would be to talk to a doctor/therapist. ..Question: were you already taking meds while you were drinking and continued taking them when you quit? .
Play around to find out what you like to do. I'm sober just shy of two years and only recently have I really started feeling myself and finding true interests and hobbies. I'm also 24 in case age/development makes a difference...I found my hobbies by looking at my friends and people I admire as well as searching online. If something piqued my interest for any reason I gave it a shot. I'm now back-logged on hobbies I am excited to try (but time or finances are in the way of atm)...The other thing that has helped me feel fulfilled is putting time into a big main life goal currently starting my career. Learning skills gaining confidence filling out applications etc. Feeling like I'm working toward the life I always imagined (and helped motivate me to get sober) feels really good.
It's probably not even depression though the symptoms might be similar...Can I ask: do you have a hard time processing emotions?  Do you have a somewhat confused sense of who you are what you really want out of life?  Have you always to some degree felt this way (really think about this) but it's become increasingly clear since you've stopped drinking?
