-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pe20c/112_days_down_the_drain/

I broke.  I screwed up royally and now I am starting at day one again!  Just sent my request to have my badge reset.  For anyone struggling to keep it together please find a way.  Starting from scratch is a really shitty feeling.  I don't know what I will do differently this time but I am starting over and all I DO know is that I will not drink today.  
----------immediate responses--------

I really admire your honesty.  Good luck and I hope you find something different that works for you this time.
Thanks for the honesty still glad to have you and grats on trying again. ..If you don't mind me asking what caused you to break for your relapse? ..Maybe we can offer some advice for preventing it in the future.
I started over this Saturday. It stinks but I'm ready
Good job coming back....Please keep an open mind regarding a recovery program if you continue to struggle on your own.
Thank you for the post and glad to see you back. You made it almost 4 months and figured out what doesn't work when you are stressed. That is progress in my opinion and I'm sure you'll be ready this time. :)
Not down the drain as long as you learn from mistakes like this. 
The shame and guild that comes from starting from scratch is my main motivation for staying the course (even before family relationships work etc). Thanks for the reminder I need it daily right now. Holidays are rough. ..Be kind to yourself. 
And did you enjoy it at all? Or did you feel guilty and kind of sick even while you were drinking?   Did your relapse involve just one episode then back on the wagon feeling shitty about yourself?..Am asking because if any of these things are true then your 112 days are certainly NOT down the drain..You've learned some things about yourself and your drinking...I am no seer but I predict this time around you won't fall down so easily if at all. .Just step back into the one day at a time. If you are not attending AA I would personally highly recommend it.
I love your honesty and accountability to the group here at SD. We need more of this kind of integrity in the world. ..We've all screwed up I fell back in after 18 months of sobriety...Get up and move forward friend. ..Keep planning and learning. Stay humble and aware...You *can* do this. 
Sorry you feel bad about a relapse but I find you impressive.  112 days is a crazy long time..You know you can do it now and you've done it mostly by yourself!  Good luck!  We all know how it goes.
I'm kind of new here but look at it the way I did once:  Break that record.  don't make the goal of never ever drinking another drop in your whole life make it to day 113. just focus on that short term goal for now.  When you get there remember this feeling today and how you don't want it back.  Take day 113 and make it your bitch.  You can do this I swear to God you can.
I don't see it as starting from scratch. You showed yourself that you can go 3+ months sober you can do it again. The only thing you can't/shouldn't do again is drink but hey just get back up on your feet when you stumble.
I'm so glad you posted this and sincerely appreciate your honesty.  IMO those 112 days are *not* a waste.  ..It may be useful to get a notebook and write about your relapse and the events thoughts and feelings you experienced before picking up a drink.  This may help you identify your triggers...Something that has helped me stay sober is writing down what it was like when I drank.  I wrote down all the stuff- the embarrassing stuff I did the relationships I hurt what my hangovers felt like etc.  Once I started writing emotions just poured out of me and so I kept on writing it down.  ..This was a very useful exercise for me and when I feel weak or think that 'I can handle just one glass of wine' I bring out that notebook and read it.  This is one of the many things that helps keep me sober.  ..Thanks again for posting.  You are helping me stay sober today.  I'm rooting for you- we all are.  You can do this!!!
119 days here.  Thanks for this post to help keep me focused for 120.
Being honest with a group of people is admirable. You can do this. Don't think too much about how much time you had before. You won't forget it it's your new goal post but don't let it consume you. That time isn't lost you learned a great deal from it no? I'm just glad you're back so soon. It took me 2.5 years after relapsing to find my way back. you should feel proud of yourself that you're back don't focus on what's been done focus on what you can do now.
No matter how many times you have to start over we will always be here for you. You did a really great job with 112 days and you should be proud of that. It certainly sounds like you learned something here think about all the times you drank before and didn't think twice about your sobriety. There is definitely a change in you and that's an achievement in itself. You did a really great thing by being honest about your relapse not with us but with yourself. Keep up the hard work and I'm 100% sure it will pay off!
Yooo it's not 112 days down the drain. . It's proof you can do it. .. it's an experiment that worked. . Slip ups are ok it's how you bounce back that counts. ...you got it man
Time spent sober ain't wasted!
today a post in /r/quotes is apropos.."Curious that we spend more time congratulating people who have succeeded than encouraging people who have not." -Neil deGrasse Tyson..even if you took at step off the right path you are pointed in the right direction.
Right with you bro.  I had 6 months.
Hey what happend that you went drinking? 
