-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pf8b2/too_young_for_this/

Some people just can't drink. I'm one of those people. I don't know what moderation is. I envy everyone who does. Only 24 years old and I can feel my life spiraling out of control. When I drink I become a whole different person. A person I don't like at all. I'm tired of humiliating myself. I'm tired of hurting the people I love. I'm tired of apologizing for all the stupid things I do while i'm under the influence. I'm tired of the hangovers. My drinking has affected multiple jobs in negative ways kept me in unhealthy relationships and I've been in trouble with the law more than once as a direct result of my drinking problem. I almost lost my relationship with my boyfriend as a result of my drinking problem. I feel like if I don't quit I will lose my relationship with the best man I've ever been with. That scares me to death. My parents have become extremely concerned about me and I know it causes stress for them. They love me and I want to do this for them. I feel like I'm letting them down with my poor choices and drinking habits. They know how much of a struggle it is for me and what it does to me. I know I need to quit for good but the alcohol has such a strong hold on me. I crave alcohol like nothing else. All I can do is take it one day at a time. I can't think too far ahead or else it's too overwhelming. It might not sound like much but I've been sober for 10 days. And I haven't loved myself more than I do now in a long time. It feels good :)
----------immediate responses--------

I was 19 when I hit my first rehab. I felt to young for alcohol to be a problem and I still felt too young at 35 when I finally quit - I've met people in their fifties who felt they were too young to quit. The reality is that 24 is way too old to be flushing your life down the toilet it's great that  you have decided not to do this anymore.  
I could have written this *exact* post 381 days ago (I was a 24 year old woman then too). Trust me - you are making the right choice. We got this.
At age 24 I had already been arrested a dozen times fired from the Army for being a drunk and wandered around the country homeless and hitchhiking for 7 years. Dozens of jobs detox's hospitals...My life was spiraling out of control I had never completed anything and never held a job for more than a few weeks...I got sober a few weeks before my twenty fifth birthday...That was over 31 years ago and my life is pretty good now. Two kids that are college graduates married to the same wonderful tolerant lady for 26 years. My brothers all talk to me...You have the world by the ass if you want it more than you want booze. I can tell you that it des work and your life will get better in ways that you can never imagine it today. 
18 here hope to never have a legal drink. We just can't drink can't do it; we are allergic. Others can take it or leave it but I always brought the party back to my bedroom by myself. Realized that I will never be able to moderate my intake of any substance...so as long as you take it 1 hour at a time 1 minute at a time and no drink NO MATTER WHAT you'll be ok. Stay strong
I was around that age when my drinking buddies started telling me I "should calm down." Then my family and my wife were telling me the same thing...I'm getting close to 40 now and it's just sinking in...All my dumb stories that have accumulated between then and now probably wouldn't be that helpful but 10 days is some good momentum. Keep rolling with it your future self will thank you.
Welcome shalee24. You are in the right place. One of the first good things that came of me quitting drinking was that I regained my dignity and does it ever feel good. I no longer have to sleep away the guilt and remorse of a night of overdoing it or lie anymore. I feel so much better because I'm no longer poisoning my body. Stick around grab yourself a badge and post often. AA isn't a bad idea either.
Congratulations on 10 days - 10 days good clean living! I will openly say I am envious of you I'm 35 and I'm still figuring this out. The world is full of people who don't drink and have the most amazing lives - I want me and everyone else on this subreddit to be part of that group. It takes work to get there but it the most understated way I can say this - it's worth it.
