-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pohf1/my_work_holiday_party_was_last_night/

And it went really well! (Well it was extremely dull and I left early. But...) Last year I drank before it and worried about people smelling it on my breath. This year I went with a buddy from work sipped a tonic water and actually told a bunch of people that I don't drink/am not a drinker. I generally just said that it's not really my thing. Most people simply shrugged and started talking about something that actually interests them...I still struggle with telling people I drank in secret and have had a hard time being more open about my sobriety. But it feels good to just tell people to let them know who I actually AM and to not feel ashamed about being myself...I was just proud of myself and wanted to share. If anyone has a holiday party or other event coming up that they're nervous about this is what helped me: I had a plan (to go with my friend only drink tonic and answer Qs with the aforementioned "not my thing" line) and I was ready to leave early if I started getting cravings. Good luck! 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done /u/bsorbet!
&gt; Most people simply shrugged and started talking about something that actually interests them...I love this lesson
&gt;But it feels good to just tell people to let them know who I actually AM and to not feel ashamed about being myself...One of the all time greatest things of sobriety right here!..Congrats.
Yeah your sobriety is a most important thing to you but to everyone else other than recognizing the world is a safer place its no biggie...Except for the few who depended on you to make their drinking look ok and them fuck them.
Good to hear - my work party is tomorrow afternoon hopefully will have a similar experience.
[deleted]
&gt; I had a plan (to go with my friend only drink tonic and answer Qs with the aforementioned "not my thing" line) and I was ready to leave early if I started getting cravings. ..You had a plan.  Always good. ..Congrats on your 4 months!
Laughed at the "it was dull" part. =).I was thinking of telling everyone my liver was sick and I couldn't drink for medical reasons but simply saying it's not your thing is much better.  Thanks!
I had mine yesterday too - with success.  ..No one asked about it and I just had some iced tea and water.  Not an issue at all.  Heck I even told a story about when a girlfriend and I were extremely drunk and trashed a wedding (it was all good in the end).  ..It's just like what's said often among us: "I LOVE to drink.  I LOVE scotch whiskey classic martinis etc.  I just can't drink them anymore".  
