-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pp2n3/the_work_party_was_rough_people_were_much_less/

I was here a couple years ago trying to break the the habit the addiction the lifelong struggle that we all here can relate to.  I lasted a few weeks but as is so often the case ended up trailing the wagon as it got farther and farther away and my addiction continued.   Without going into details a little over a week ago I had decided to make my second concerted effort.  This time I have prepared myself I have gathered the knowledge and the support that I know I will need and I am not going into with a blindfold and a wish.  I feel much stronger this time and while this time has been coming for a while it is still a new beginning.  Fortunately I have been making some changes for a couple months now so instead of one dramatic shift it was a series of small shifts that have led to my contract with abstinence...All that being said last night was the work party.  Was actually more of a team party as compared to an entire group so more intimate than most.  I have spent many a night with a lot of these people and as the pictures attest was always the life of the party.  While everyone is smiling in the pictures I am the one shouting.  The arms are draped around me and the laughter oozes from each photograph.  I prepped for this party I dropped hints that I was going the straight and narrow route and the closest of my work friends I let know that I wouldn't be drinking.  They kind of laughed it off said I can't be that serious everything in moderation right?..My wife came with me and we were the second couple there.  This made it a bit easier as the drinks weren't already flowing although they were nicely lined up on the kitchen counter at my boss' house.  I looked at those bottles like a group of dominoes each sip of one would lead to another sip and another sip until at the last bottle I would be falling down out of control.  I quickly made my way to where the food was located figuring a plate full of food would be a nice distraction and keep some of the queries at bay.  This lasted for just a short while..."Ok buddy time to grab a beer what do you want?".  "Nah I'm ok right now thanks though".  "Come on really you're not gonna go that cold turkey right it's just one beer can't hurt right?".  I politely declined again and they moved on quickly popping the top off a Heineken and taking a long swig.  "Ahhhh that's damn good after a long day at work" a glint in their eye as they smiled at me.  This was my first warning of what was to come...A few more co-workers started to mosey their way in and soon one of the guys took up station at the counter full of booze.  We designated him "Issac" he of glorious "Love Boat" fame.  The drinks began to pour and quickly people left beer and moved on to the hard stuff.  Scotch rum vodka all kinds of flavors and colors mixed into glasses glasses labeled with phrases such as "Liquid Happiness" and "Good Time Glass".  My wife did her best and offered me a coke and I saw the eyes turn in my direction the newest guests wondering what was this strange phrase she was asking me.  Coke?  Water?  Come on get him a beer pour him a rum and coke this is a party! We are celebrating a long hard year of achievements!  ..I settled with a Coke and poured some into a glass.  I briefly considered walking around with it maybe fooling some people into thinking that I was just fine and that I had finally poured myself a drink.  "Look he's got a drink in his hand let's get this party started!".  I knew that wouldn't last though so I quenched my thirst and set the glass back down on the table.  And then it got rough..."Ok who needs a refill?  Drinks coming up".  "Ok your turn what do you want to drink?".  "I honestly am fine don't want anything".  "You know I'm going to give you shit about this right?  I know you said you weren't drinking but come on just one isn't going to be bad".  That went on all night.  Here comes the jello shots.  They are passed around like party favors tongues licking the bottoms of the containers screams of glee erupting from glistening lips.  "Ok his turn".  "I'm good".  One of the girls spouts "What is the story behind this?  Why isn't he drinking?".  I tell them that I'm just taking a break no real reason partied a bit too much at the last party and that's it.  "Nah there's gotta be more to the story than this".  It's none of their business though.  Yes they are friends but I don't owe them anything more than what I am telling them...The night continued and every few minutes someone would bring up the issue or pressure me with a drink or make some comment.  My boss handed out a binder full of pictures to every team member from the previous year and there I was in all the pictures the crazy one.  I looked like so much fun I wanted to hang out with myself.  Not that I wasn't having fun at the party not that I wasn't joking and laughing.  I wasn't sitting in the corner sulking far from it.  But there I was in all the pictures there is me holding a shoe for some reason there I am puffing a cigar there I am holding up the girls in my arms.  Bars clubs restaurants.  Nights of debauchery and no responsibility.  Nights that would usually end with fights yelling screaming and hangovers.  Oh the hangovers...One of the guys claimed he knew why I wasn't drinking.  He seemed to think it was my wife.  While yes I was partially doing this for my wife and my kids and my family I was doing this for me first.  Fix me repair everything else.  I had to pull him aside at one point and tell him "Look don't go around telling people my wife is making me stop drinking it's not her it's me.  She will take you out back and kick your ass if she finds out you're blaming her and then she'll kick mine".  I was fair but firm.  The last thing I wanted was my wife thinking I was walking around blaming her which I most definitely was not.  ..So the night began to wind down the slurring was at full speed with most of the guests and I continued my best to put on the strong front.  Someone in the back mentioned "Hey you really handle peer pressure well".  I had to.  I couldn't let this wall break.  I thought of my wife my kids how happy they make me and how happy I want to make them.  The road has branched many times in the last decade but it always came back to the same old bottle.  This time I had to stay off the road I had to.  I wanted to.  I needed to...So in the end I was surprised.  I was expecting the jabs I was expecting the hooks.  I was not expecting the barrage though.  Four hours of unrelenting teases four hours of non-stop temptations.  I am upset with those that knew my plan and where I am headed those that chose to put the devil horns on and attempt to turn me.  I don't mind the hits I give them out quite a bit myself but that was neither warranted or called for.  Make your comments and move on.  What was done was not an attempt at humor I don't even know what it was.  I want to say evil I want to say jealousy I want to say lack of empathy.  As much as I joke I would have never done that.  I would have made my comments but that would be it because I know what it's like to struggle.  And even if I didn't I would at least have enough empathy to realize that enough is enough...I won though.  They laid their alcohol ladders at my sobriety wall and tried to climb over.  And they failed.  I kicked every one of them off that wall and I don't have a single regret.  This won't be the last time either.  The battle has been won but the war rages on.  It will always be there.  I know though that as time passes there will be less and less attacks.  Less ladders will fall against that wall.  And even when they do I'll be on the other side with my family my loved ones and my new life.  I will be surrounded with happiness love and most importantly hope.  Have fun trying to break that barrier. I dare you.
----------immediate responses--------

You sir are a strong man. My hat's off to you.
&gt;I briefly considered walking around with it maybe fooling some people into thinking that I was just fine and that I had finally poured myself a drink...You don't know how well that actually works! As long as drinkers see you with a drink then assume it must be alcoholic...Good job! May you continue to grow stronger with your determination to leave alcohol in your past.
Crikey! Well done! I'd have got pissed off and gone home!
Congratulations. In my experience the kind of pressure you encountered is an attempt at normalization and denial. I hung out with (yes even worked with) people who drank like I did. Then I could delude myself into thinking that my drinking was "normal." You know what? "Normal" is just a setting on the washing machine...Then if somebody ever admitted that their drinking was excessive or destructive it would make me think that maybe MY drinking was excessive or destructive and that was the last thing I wanted to admit. ..The only people who I hang out with now who also knew me when I was drinking understand why I quit and can see that it has been a good thing for me to not drink. For all the new people in my life a simple "I don't drink. No not at all." is enough. They do not know that I was the guy who drank all of it--the guy who was/is addicted to "what have you got?" If pressed I can say that I am in long term recovery or that I am an alcoholic but I am rarely pressed. ...In the future you might want some ready answers to explain your not drinking. I rarely get to use any of these any more but for those of us who have to explain the change in behavior here you go:..* I am not drinking today..* I am allergic. It makes me break out in handcuffs and divorce courts..* I've had enough..* I found god/ became Muslim/Mormon/joined a cult... (If you can say this with a wink or make it scary enough it works really well.).* It causes a dangerous interaction with my new medication. (My medication is a spiritual program of recovery but you don't have to know that.).* I am trying a new diet...Finally unless you work with a bunch of real asses these folks will respect you in the morning. If not just ask their hungover selves if they want a nice greasy pork sandwich served in an ashtray. And enjoy your freedom from the hangover. ..Keep up the good work. 
jesus christ dude. you weathered one of my worst sober nightmares and definitely won a hard-fought round. i'm sorry you're surrounded by such inconsiderate excuses for humans but damn. that took some grit to weather that kind of petty abuse for so long. you're an inspiration. 
you work with assholes.
Your co-workers sound very immature.  In fact they sound like jerks.  Most of the experiences I've heard shared here as well as my own involve much less pressure.  Perhaps you work with people who are jerks about a lot of things not just alcohol?  I'm interested to see whether your perspective toward your job changes as you remain sober.
I enjoyed reading that. I'm glad you made it through. I would have a hard time with that kind of party.
Well done.  I have my second booze free holiday party tonight...I'll order a seltzer and lime to hold on to refuse the shots I'm handed and go home after an hour.
Seriously I would have decked somebody ( not the next sober right thing...).
What a bunch of douchebags!
Sheeesh we need a list of come backs. You know like stand up comedians have available for hecklers..I think sober people simply make drunks paranoid..The last thing an active drunk wants to do is confront their problem...You did great I am not sure I could have shown that much patience.
Group dynamics are funny sometimes. If you were the one who was always partying the hardest and suddenly you're sticking to soft drinks and refusing to take the bait then some people may simply be objecting to someone refusing to play their part in the established group dynamic. Then again there may be people who are starting to question whether they should be drinking as hard as they do and they've been reassuring themselves that at least they weren't partying as hard as ol' OneOfALifetime. ..Either way job well done but remember that you also have the option of simply leaving if they persist in trying to pour booze down your throat. You've made your point and if they refuse to get it I don't know that there's much to be gained by making yourself miserable for another four hours. Here's hoping that they put those ladders away.
that sounds like a nightmare. i don't know how you didn't get fed up and just leave the party. you handled it amazingly and you must feel incredible today. you're right - you definitely won. 
I would bet anything that you would see things much differently if you had some time under your belt. A lot of this comes down to perception. 
I'm sorry you had to experience that but now you know you can handle it right? I think it's great that you kept to your convictions.    .I had some neighbors who reacted similarly when I quit. They assumed my wife was "reining me in" and would offer me drinks on the sly. When I finally broke away from the polite approach and confronted them about their rude behavior they seemed genuinely baffled. One guy looked at me and said "But...what do you *do* *for* *fun* now?" He was actually *serious*. They couldn't imagine life as a sober person. I couldn't blame them though because I used to be - and think - just like them!    .Congratulations on your sobriety! Here's wishing you a sober tomorrow.
Glad you made it through.  Sounds like your sobriety is making this group uncomfortable.  Especially if you're a tight long-term group which it kinda sounds like you guys are changing the dynamic freaks people out...That being said I cannot imagine actually hanging out for hours while being pressured and put down while everyone else gets hammered.  That does not sound like much fun.
Where the fuck do you work where people that obnoxious inconsiderate and immature are allowed to be employed? 
First of all you write beautifully. Secondly I think they were trying to sabotage you. I have never in my life even in my drunken stupor tried to shame someone for not drinking. I'm glad you stayed sober. :)
Wow. Good on you man for putting up with that.  I understand the pain quit the first time while active duty that was a blast lemme tell ya.  If I had a choice I would have left them and not put up with it...Good thing though you got through this you can get through anything.  Good luck.
Great post! Thanks for sharing. You did exactly what I should have/could have done last Friday at my work party. But I chose to drink and I woke up overwhelmed with regret. However I used those feelings of shame and regret to quit once and for all...I'm four days behind you...
I've been in some really heated situations that really revolved all around just me not wanting to drink. The last one ended my friendship with I guy I knew since middle school. It kinda sucks but it's fun to put a drunk asshole in his place.
Not only do you work with assholes  you seem to be a little bit of a masochist.  Did you really have to stick through all that? Couldn't you have either not gone or just made a short appearence?
