-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pt19n/7_days_of_lessons/

Hello there. I've been trying to get my life together for the past few years. Other than drinking I'm also in recovery for an eating disorder and I have some issues like depression and anxiety. This year I had managed to get my binge drinking episodes down to about one every 3-4 weeks with some longer periods of abstinence in between. My life went off the rails in November and I have a major relapse with drinking and my eating disorder so I got to start from square one again...In the past seven days I've had some problems. I had a pregnancy scare which thank god was just a scare. The holidays are of course a really emotionally fraught time. I've dealt with rejection heartbreak and loss... along with the day-to-day frustrations that come along with life. And I didn't take a drink. I didn't engage in any harmful behavior actually...I'm not in AA but I am in therapy. My therapist has been teaching me how to just sit with my feelings. She keeps reiterating that I don't have to escape from emotional pain but that I can endure it. The pain has been acute but it has been endurable. Last night I drove up into the hills and looked out over my metro area. The sense of emotional pain was there with me but it had a different quality- it was as exquisite as it was painful...Sobriety brings so many blessings. Sleep peaceful early mornings stability and the ability to work on my problems. It also brings pain that is inescapable. That's okay because at this moment the feelings I have of sorrow loneliness and doubt are also attended by peace happiness and contentment. In order to have the good I must also accept the bad. Dear friends that is a deal I'm willing to make. ..Light and love at this most beautiful and painful time of year. If any of you are struggling and would like someone to talk to please don't hesitate to send me a message. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone my friend.  Glad you are here and thanks for posting this.  Good luck moving forward.
Hey thanks for your post and positive message. I was struggling to be honest and posting here and also reading your post amazing how it helps. Your therapist sounds great! Light and love to you too. 
There is hope. I'm in recovery from alcoholism and an eating disorder. I'm miles better than I've ever been in my entire life: mentally physically and physically. ..I did not get better with support solely from a therapist. I really needed immersion in a program of recovery. I lied my face off to my therapist. In rehab everyone called me on my bullshit. I got a lot better being honest. ..I'm here if you ever want to chat. 
