-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pwl4e/6_months_today_my_story_and_some_words_to_anyone/

Six months ago today I got sober. It took a couple of trips to the ER for withrdawal a seizure nearly losing my job and nearly killing myself for me to finally ask for help. I had a 3-day bender (called out of work each day) and most of those three days were a complete blur but I do remember having -- finally -- that "moment of clarity" that some many alcoholics talk about. It was shortly after draining the last drop of alcohol I could find in my house. I drank an ornamental bottle of wine. Something that had gone bad probably long ago and it was a decoration ... a conversation piece. But I was shaking so badly and needed alcohol so much at that moment that I chugged the whole bottle. I had been killing myself. Hiding bottles all over the house. Drinking at work. Throwing up in my car. I finally called my wife and my best friend had a meltdown and asked for help. My wife was pretty mad very hurt but took action. She called my parents and my Mom was at our house in a few hours. They spent most of the afternoon calling around to rehab facilities to see who would take me. I was adamant about not doing in-patient (in retrospect I probably should have) but we made an appointment for me to start IOP a couple of days later...The actions of my wife and mother coupled with 3 months in IOP and 3 more months in OP have saved my life. I have no doubt. ..I've had no slips no lapses not even a scare. My therapist calls my recovery a "blueprint" for what they strive for with each patient. Each passing day week month I seem to have fewer and fewer triggers or thoughts about drinking. Today is 6 months without a drink. I was drinking close to a handle a day a little over 6 months ago and had been abusing alcohol for 12-15 years...Today I'm in my mid-30s and am at peace with never drinking again. I know it's not always going to be easy. I know that certain social situations will be awkward. I know that I can't control how everyone views me when they find about my being in recovery. But I'm happy and more than anything full of gratitude. I know that I have a 2nd chance with my life. I know that I can be healthy happy and better person without poisoning myself...The first morning I was sober I got an e-mail from someone very important to me. He has had experience with recovery. He told me flat out that I would probably never be able to drink again. He told me that if I did there was a decent chance I might die and a very good chance I'd lose my job my house and my wife (his daughter). But he also told me that I was one of the most competitive people he'd ever met in his life and that I should view this situation through a similar lense -- a lifelong competition. If I never pick up again I win. If I drink I lose (probably everything). ..Somewhere a few months into my recovery it stopped being about "not drinking" and started being about living and recovery. I'm finally truly at peace with not drinking. Sure I get nostalgic from time to time and miss it but I no longer want it. And I'm finally comfortable with the concept that I'll ive the rest of my life without alcohol. I've lost 15 pounds. I sleep through the whole night and have energy throughout the whole day. I'm smarter and I'm more in touch with my feelings and more accessible to the people important to me. ..I've read this subreddit every day since late June. I wish I could appropriately express how much good this place has done for me. There are a lot of great people on here...Before I step down from my soap box to anyone reading this still struggling with early recovery or still drinking but considering/hoping to quit: You can do it. When I set foot in IOP the first night I couldn't picture having 6 months of sobriety. Frankly I couldn't picture having 3 days at that moment. But it can happen for you. If you knew me 6 months ago and could see me now you'd be as surprised and amazed as me. Very few people can do it alone though. Get help. If AA's not for you find something that is. I got to OP 2x/week and sit with Meth and heroin addicts alocholics and people who've spent years in jail. I have very little in common with most of them but for one thing: my disease. And I've learned so much from the group. ..Please don't hesitate to reach out to me you ever want to "talk" or have any questions. I hope to be more active in this community and giving back just a little of what I've been able to gain here...My wife is taking me out for a nice steak dinner to tonight to celebrate my 6 months. Here's to 6 more.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations /u/UDLefty!  
Great share! Thank you so much! Enjoy the steak!
Amazing read! 
Congratulations on 6 months! Very inspiring share.
Thanks for that it really helps me as a newbie to hear this kind of stuff!
Congrats and thanks for your awesome upbeat post. I could really relate. Thanks for sharing and helping me stay sober today. 
Man isn't being sober awesome? 
hey! i think we got sober around the same day. i didn't *truly* get sober on my first day of sobriety as i took sleep medicine with alcohol in it but it was either that or vodka to put me down. so in all honesty i'm 183 days. ..I had about a three day bender drinking nothing but beer. gallons of the stuff while on my computer babysitting my mom's house. suddenly started to lose feeling in my right pinky and eventually losing all feeling in it on the second day. thought it was alcoholic neuropathy and decided i didn't want to go out with my body falling apart (turns out it was just cubital tunnel and i've since regained feeling in my pinky) just quit and in all honesty dry drunked my way through the better half of 6 months. i finally picked up a sponsor yesterday to help me with the steps and get out of the white knuckle attitude i sometimes get when i'm bored. ..congratulations man and enjoy the steak dinner. ..
Thanks for this post. I was feeling kind of bored and depressed just before. Stupidly wanting beer and cigarettes to celebrate my first day off of the holiday break. I only have a week of sobriety under my belt but have quit for longer over the years (11+ months is my personal record)...However after reading your post and getting to this line "If I never pick up again I win. If I drink I lose." I realized how stupid it would be for me to drink tonight. I'm home with the family. No one is drinking around me...Why would I want to lose??
good work..it is hard to believe that we can make it to where we have...you can read stories about people months farther than you and it seems like a lifetime away.  seems impossible..everyone struggling keep not drinking...things get more and more awesome.
Thank you for this!  If Idont drink I win if I drink I lose.  I really like to win :) 
Thank you and huge congratulations!
You rock man.  I can identify with your story.  I don't view my situation as a competition but it is kind of like yours in that I can have alcohol or I can have everything else.  I am just now learning that it is not about not drinking but living and recovering.  Congrats on the 6 months 
Congratulations and thank you for sharing
