-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2pyss9/its_the_little_things/

Hi Reddit!.I posted here about 90 days ago saying goodbye as I was off to a 90 day residential treatment centre. ..I did it! I cant believe that i've been sober for over 3 months. I am a 23 year old female and struggled terribly with alcohol. I went from a social drinker to an isolated reclusive alcoholic with no end of self-pity and excuses to try and justify my behaviour. I was unable to cope with life...How things have changed I know that I am only back in real world and the hard work starts now but i'm finally feeling able to face it. My outlook has changed drastically but it's the small things that amaze me each and every day. ..I am able to get up each morning and actually eat breakfast. I'm able to make a phone call without needing a few drinks beforehand (and im not faced with crippling anxiety). I'm able to sit on a bus and just sit without my head constantly whirring with worries and anxiety. I enjoy getting into bed at the end of the day without needing to drink to fall into a restless sleep...Reading these posts each morning give me that extra boost to not drink TODAY. So thank you to everyone on here. I don't know what will happen tomorrow but I know that i'm sober for today and that all that matters. ..Have a good day everyone! 
----------immediate responses--------

Yay! Well done. In solidarity with you I will not drink today. 
Good on you.  Glad you made it through. I did a 90 day one as well and found it to be invaluable on my journey as well.   The work ain't over yet as you have eluded to already it's time for new beginnings. Good luck to you keep checking in. 
No thank YOU! For sharing your positive outlook. Great job in finishing your treatment and 90 days is huge. 90 days without using alcohol to cope represents so much personal growth. Let's not drink today! 
[keep doing.](http://odatbooks.com/jb/juicebox_gallery/images/IMG_7656-2_Ftext.jpg)
Yay /u/bayside12 --welcome back.  I'm so happy for you.
Way to go hon!!  Welcome back and stay strong.  I found it important to build a good strong support system online and in "real life" to lean on when need be. ..Keep reading and keep posting. This is a great place to be.
