-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2q3mn7/thoughts_after_being_sober_for_33_days/

After finding out the underlying reasons for my drinking not drinking has become a breeze. I was confused about my career and my relationship. I was in a broken relationship in which we both wanted different things in life yet none of us could end what we had. Eventually she broke up with me and I'm currently going back to school getting my degree...I do think about drinking but I always find I have something better to do. Whether its working out playing basketball hanging out with friends heck even playing video games all take precedence. ..I cannot possibly love life more than I do right now!! I wake up without a hangover I wake up happy. ..For anyone struggling I would really really urge you to find out why you choose to drink. The answer won't be clear at all it will be heavily convoluted but I feel that in order to move forward you need to find out what has been holding you back. ..I wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Glad it worked for you. ..My approach was to accept that i had irreversibly altered my brain chemistry with repeated alcohol abuse. ..My reasons for starting to drink and continuing despite the negative consequences? Far too many. Far too intricately mixed. 
Good for you /u/BeckBristow89 -- my underlying reason for drinking was pretty simple really: I drank too much too often and over too long a stretch of time.  Eventually I crossed a line where my thinking and actions got incredibly distorted and I damaged EVERY relationship that meant anything to me.  I stopped achieving my potential and in the end I drank to chase a feeling that was no longer available to me.  It took me sometime to clear away the "wreckage of my drinking past" but with recovery I've been able to unwind it.  It's not always a breeze but I have a path.
Alcoholism made me drink. The internal condition that exists within me. It just seemed like external circumstances caused my drinking and thus my downfall. But the disease wanted me to drink all along good times and bad. I know this because I repeatedly put the bottle down. And most everything always eventually got better on the outside. But I always drank again anyway. 
Great job OP. .It was the exact same for me. It took about 2 years and regular CBT therapy to figure out what I was using alcohol to cover up/cope with. .But once I did quitting was an easy path. I actually found I just stopped one day not even consciously (the therapy was for depression and intense anxiety and the daily constant alcohol abuse was a product of self-medicating because I honestly didn't know how to confront or work through my emotional issues). ..Life without hangovers or worrying about buying a bottle or covering up my drinking from loved ones is so much better. And I'm not tempted back by my problems because I have the developed skills and knowledge to deal with my issues now. I highly recommend figuring out the Why as we'll...
