-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2q3y3p/i_am_sorry_guys/

I am sorry guys I relapsed again. Let you guys and many other people down again. ..Screwed up big time at work. Cold turkey was bad. Didn't went to AA meeting.  I convinced myself I am a gone case and I can't quit. I will never be able to quit...Woke up to the same sick feeling. Stomach hurting head spinning. I know and there is no hope for me. I am letting down people who believe in me... I am not working hard enough to reach my goals. :(..Now I am going home for 2 week to get sobered up. I realised I can't face my demons alone. I need support for first few weeks. Let's hope I can make it this time...Didn't drink today. It was a good day.
----------immediate responses--------

Go to AA. Every day..You can do this.
&gt;Didn't drink today. It was a good day...Awesome work there!..Hey we all mess up sometimes... and sometimes repeatedly.  The important thing is that we pick ourselves up and get back into that fight right?  A relapse is no fun (had a few myself) but it's just one or two sore days preceded by quite a few where you *did* control yourself...With practice persistence and support from others we're capable of eventually making it last if we just don't give up...edit: typo
&gt; Now I am going home for 2 week to get sobered up...I haven't drank for about 2 years...and I'm still working on "Sobering up"...you may want to adjust your expectations if you think a 2-week stay at home will make all of these problems go away.....If you want to recover you need to get serious about it...it's work...a lot of work. ..You're off to a good start not drinking today...keep it up /u/Sober_biker..
[deleted]
Welcome back! I can't find it now but you posted recently about wanting to drink or planning on it and it was sad to see. You are giving this another go and didn't drink today... I'm proud of you for trying again. Let's do this. No drinking today for me either. Let's talk again tomorrow. :)
It's not who falls down bro. It's who can get back up. ..I relapsed my first year solid straight. ..My sponsor said "Listen to people with long term sobriety. Don't listen to what they think but listen to what they've DONE. Ask yourself if you've DONE those things...?"..I did. He was right. I hadn't. They had. I finally did. I haven't had to drink since. Done did deal. Did'r done....  
You didn't let anyone down but yourself. You are the one that's important. Focus on yourself. If you do this because of others you will fail. You have to want it for yourself. Success can be supported by others but ultimately it's you that has to step up. Winning has to come from within.
