-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2q8hee/if_you_want_a_reason_to_stay_sober_i_could/

I just got out of jail for my second DUI. I pushed back the jail time so I could finish my semester at school and I was dreading it the whole time rightfully so. If you need a reminder to stay sober and you're like me and do incredibly stupid things while drunk I could go on for days about how you do not want to do something that lands you in jail. I was released on house arrest about an hour ago since the jails where I live are so overcrowded so thankfully I only had to do 4 days of straight time. 4 days might not sound like a lot but believe me when I say that it was more than enough to teach me a lesson...Jail was hard and what really kept me going was knowing that once this was over I would know that I could stay sober and never worry about going to jail for some drinking related crime again. To me that's serenity. ..I heard a lot of unique stories from my fellow inmates about their struggles with addiction. It's really a shame that so many people who are so intelligent hard-working and genuinely nice people are locked up and feel like there's no escaping addiction. My bunk mate was incredibly generous to me and showed me a lot of things about how to deal with being locked up. He later told me that he feels like he belongs in jail he said it was a way of life for him. This broke my heart. While I believe that some people (myself included) need to experience that kind of punishment no one should feel at home there no one should feel like they are destined to keep screwing up...I won't say that I enjoyed my stay but I will say that I needed it. I really believe I'm better for having gone and learned what it means to pay for my actions. Jail taught me a lot about hard work (I worked in the kitchen where we fed ~3500 inmates) a lot about accepting consequences and a lot about turning over control...Thanks for reading my wall of text I'm going to enjoy a real meal and real bed for the first time in what feels like a long time. You guys are awesome and I'm so thankful for my support system (that's you!)
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you had to go pretty far to get some sort of acceptance.  I know I would hit a few meetings in real life as well as posting on here just to make sure you don't have to have an extended stay in the slammer.  There are lots of different types read the FAQ for more info.  Good to have you out. 
Welcome back /u/RingoWasHisNameO -- I'm glad you survived the ordeal and made it back.  Thanks for this post.
Thanks for the serious message...I have heard it said that short jail stays are more psychologically difficult than say 30 days because you never really adjust and settle into a routine.
Looking at a potential 2nd dui right now.  Mandatory 2 weeks in jail if so.   I did a month in military prison for weed 6 years ago.  Really hoping this doesn't go down but your post is definitely helpful for mental prep.  Thanks. 
That is a powerful eye opener. Makes me think...Congratulations on your 219. That's a big number. Stay strong man.
Thank you for sharing I came within a hair of jail time and spent time in outpatient with several folks that had served years for killing another person while driving drunk.  It was a real eye opener to the potential of addiction and made me sympathetic to those people seeing them living with the consequences of their actions. I find that I am much less inclined to make snap judgements based on someone's past as I might have before this experience.  I can't say that I'm thankful for a DUI but if I hadn't have gotten it I'd certainly still be drinking. 
