-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qd0x6/merry_christmas_happy_holidays_if_you_dont_want/

Please someone tell me what I'm doing this for?   .For me it doesn't get better. I've been through rehab 3 times. The first time? I stayed sober for 18 months self-righteous counting kept me going (I've got 148...149 days! like some sort of really dull and cracked game show). I tried hobbies volunteering friends cheered me on; nothing compared to how I just felt okay after I finally relapsed. Cut to now I've been seeing a therapist all the hobbies in the world have been in my lap I win the "what can you do besides drink" game: (I can play you "New York New York" on the piano I speak passable French I suck at the guitar but try to play the entry to "Stairway" just because I love that scene in "Wayne's World where they tell him to knock it off I'm a damn good shot I can't write for shit I make a mean hollandaise my banana nut bread is to die for and my cross-stitching skills suck but tell me... please somebody tell me how my being miserable and I'm bone-crushingly-ran-out-of-excuses-to-not-strangle-myself-with-embroidry-floss-miserable (my therapist tells me I use humor for a defense mechanism. I told her she had a stupid face.) for ages is worth not having one night where I can smile.  .None of these things none of this makes me just smile.  .Think it's a personal problem.   .Eh thanks to anyone who listened to me bitch. I'm over it. Happy Holidays. All my best to you and yours. .Because I've paid that price and it seems a lot like that one bit of being able to smile is worth all the hell that I know comes right after. 
----------immediate responses--------

I too use humor and sarcasm way too frequently. If I can make others laugh they can stop worrying about me. A funny person can't be sad. ..The reason I am doing this is I know that I can contribute more to the world once I give my body what it needs. Right now that is being on temporary disability so I can get some intense help for some mental issues. My life right now may not be where I thought I would be at 27. My sister was married with kids and had an amazing job at my age. I needed to stop comparing. That is what gets me stuck in the "is there a reason" rut. ..It is a slow process and is incredibly frustrating. One day at a time. Things can and will get better. 
Have you tried meetings you never mentioned them.  I did rehab a few times selfwill etc.  Meetings are the only thing that worked for me in the end well till now anyhow \o/
Hey there's no guarantee that it's going to be better all the time sober. Most of us have more than a bit of emotional unbagging to do acute withdrawals can take up to two years to resolve and then life drops the unexpected too...But I will say it's certainly not *worse*. You couldn't pay me enough to voluntarily go back to that place where I felt like total shit all day every day - tired depressed sick anxious jumpy. That was agony and that piece of the life map has been ripped up and thrown away for good. So if we can't be happy all the time and we don't want to be drunk and miserable either what else is there?..There's a third option: neutral. Or "ok." Or as I like to think of it comfortable. It's not great but it's not terrible. It's just a state of normal being that probably takes up most of our waking time. I think a lot of us get wrapped up in this idea of happy vs. sad and after the pink cloud wears off it's back to sad. If life isn't perfect it's shit. ..But my experience so far has made me more and more aware that this third state is really where the joy in being sober builds from. It's things like falling asleep vs passing out. Waking up without a hangover. Driving late at night just because I can. Cooking a nice meal. Calling a friend to offer support. Going on an early morning run instead of dreading what drunk messages I might have sent people the night before. It's a much finer texture to life that although it might not be made of the dreams we aspire to give me a much richer satisfaction the longer I stay sober.
Learn to laugh at yourself?..That way you can be sober and smile at the same time...If you are anything like me there is plenty of material....
I kind of want to give you the hard line and I can see from your responses to others that you can dish it pretty well! I guess I'm asking permission because I'm hoping you will be receptive...
Try adding a (sober) GF to the mix. That should bring some joy to you. Merry Christmas ya filthy animal!
Volunteer @ L'arche.  Life won't seem so bad afterwards...http://www.larche.org/
