-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qglam/almost_six_months_in_and_i_feel_lost/

Hi r/stopdrinking..As the title says I am almost six months sober and I feel lost. ..Almost six months ago I hit a bottom and crawled into an AA meeting. The next few weeks are a bit of a blur. I went to meetings daily. I tried to pay attention. I cried a lot. I met lots of friendly people who gave me their phone numbers. I got a sponsor. I got a book. I did 90 in 90 -- heck I did *more* than 90 in 90. I got a bunch of service positions. I threw myself into the program as much as I could and tried to follow the suggestions of the people who seemed to have what I wanted. ..It worked for awhile. I felt better. The cravings went away! I found a peace I have never had before...Just after I hit the 90 day mark I started falling again the irritability and fear started creeping back and one evening I got pissed off at my roommate and ended up in my bedroom with a bottle of vodka. Somehow the part of my brain that is tasked with keeping me alive woke up and I called my sponsor. She didn't answer so I  called someone else from the program. She answered and she was amazing. Because I called her I didn't have to drink that night and I didn't even have to think about what to do instead. She told me exactly what to do. I truly believe she saved my life that night. ..Fast-forward to now. I don't know what it is but for the last few weeks I just feel so lost. I don't want to drink but I don't want to do anything else either. All I want to do is sleep. I don't want to see anyone talk to anyone do *anything*. I feel lonely and confused. I used to have a big group of people I partied with and we all work together. I rarely see any of them now. Some of them text me or talk to me at work and I still get invited out but of course I don't go out with them so there's this weird distance between us. I know that those who are my "real" friends will stick by me and those who aren't wont but I really don't feel shunned or abandoned. I am just afraid to hang out with them because I don't trust myself to not be like "fuck it I'm drinking." So I keep my distance. ..Okay fine I knew there was a possibility of that happening. But the thing is I don't feel like I belong at AA meetings. I mean I definitely qualify - but I am having so much trouble fitting in and making friends.  Especially with the women...Those with time seem way out of my friendship league and it seems like everytime I start to make friends with a newbie like me she ends up in a perpetual relapse cycle (one woman has been "new" for the entire six months I've been sober) or just disappears completely. I'm not judging those who relapse I just know that I can't really hang out with someone who is drinking like that. Or some are such a mess that just talking to them after a meeting is emotionally exhausting. ..I get along with lots of the guys pretty well but I feel weird being that girl that just hangs out with the guys. ..All of this is leaving me feeling lonely and a bit depressed. There is a huge fellowship in my area so many people surrounding me that I see on a daily basis how is it possible that I feel so alone? ..Last night I went to a meeting and a woman was sharing about how grateful she is for her group of friends in sobriety. Lots of them were there and they seemed to have such a great bond. Sort of like the bond I thought I had with my drinking friends. I felt happy for her and also sad for myself. Perhaps a bit jealous. ..So I guess the point of posting is to ask for input from the group. For those of you that have some time in this sobriety world how do you do it? How did you transition from one social life to another? How did you find your "sobriety people"? Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Six months seems to be a troublesome milestone for lots of folks. It came around Thanksgiving for me and everyone's post about gratitude and thankfulness certainly helped me through. I switch meetings up the couple times I've felt like I've plateaued. Can you try a SMART or Lifering meeting for something different?
Happy Boxing Day! I actually posted something somewhat similar in DiR about making friend and boundaries. I never made any recovery friends after 11 years I thought it was time. It's not going well. I don't know what you know of me but I recently had kind of an existential meltdown over a religion I was raised in (Mormonism) I'm going to pat myself on the back for this one but I handled it very well. In just in the last couple weeks I can't you how much better I feel....not really the point though. ..This is  my take away and I apologize if it misses the mark but I firmly believe in the laws of attraction and that you can not give away what you don't have. What do I need in my life? There are many but the most important for me at this time that anything else pales in comparison to is the need of very strong and brave women of good character in my life. Why? Because I'm done listening to the lies I've told myself for decades. I need them because I am one. Being public about what makes me that woman and acting like the woman I am has been in a word transformational. Before I thought my choices would lead to people de-friend me an isolation worse then before....now I live my truth and the powers of attraction are a bit overwhelming. So many amazing women I've never met are following my example and reaching out.  I really don't give a shit if I sound like a narcissistic feminazi my truth is making a difference in more lives than I can count...OP "let your light so shine" if you can't find it little hint it's with your  sobriety I'll help...
For what it's worth I'm a chick and a lot of us are that you might not expect. So you're not just "hanging out with the guys."..I can really relate to the AA women seeming "out of your league" friendship-wise. When I was going to meetings I felt that way too. For me I find that this online community is a much more level place for me to find help and support. Have you thought about the online versions of AA meetings and Smart Recovery? ..Good luck - I'll be looking to see how you fare since I'm headed to that scary milestone soon too. 
Hey friend I'm the walking contradiction of an alcohol abuser and a therapist.  That being said finding new ways to interact with folks or new folks to interact with is an incredible challenge.  ..I don't mean to overreach but what you talk about - feeling lost not wanting to do anything socially isolated - sounds like what folks say when they come in for depression.  You've been around the block longer than I have so you probably already know alcohol abuse and mood disorders (anxiety depression) often go hand-in-hand.  ..If you haven't already might be worthwhile to talk to someone professionally about these things maybe help rule out any other complicating factors.  Most therapists should also be familiar with helping generate solutions for those concerns...Again this may sound incredibly hypocritical coming from someone like me.  I apologize if that's the case.  Just trying to help.  Best of luck to you!
[deleted]
