-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qik8h/ive_lost_so_much_this_year/

I'll keep it brief I've lost a lot in sobriety. 50 pounds of fat a toxic relationship an overwhelming sense of guilt/shame/regret the need for antidepressants/anti-anxiety medication and most importantly the desire to drink myself into oblivion...I had zero intention of staying sober for as long as I have I treated this whole grand experiment as a way-station instead of the lifelong journey to serenity that it's supposed to be....Do I still struggle? Every day but as a result of my sobriety I'm able to stay present and face my troubles head on with a clear head and compassionate heart. Needless to say getting sober didn't solve all of my problems right away but it's enabled me to develop a sense of self-awareness that sets me up for continued successes in my daily interactions with my fellows...I owe a lot to this sub for talking me off the ledge answering my silly questions and putting me in my place when I become to cocky or complacent. Thank you all so much for your daily inspiration and kind words <3!..EDIT: Sorry for the clickbait title couldn't resist. :)
----------immediate responses--------

That so great for you! I'm so proud of you Internet stranger! I hope to be there one day. I just discovered this sub today and I'm happy to be here!
Well done on 1 whole bloody year that's amazing work! This post rings true on many points for me. I hope to one day be writing my own (complete with equally excellent cheesy click-bait title) 1 year post in a few hundred odd days... Well done my friend you are an inspiration.
LOVE IT! Congratulations /u/RelapseRecover! This was a great post to read this morning. This part stuck out to me:..&gt;it's enabled me to develop a sense of self-awareness that sets me up for continued successes in my daily interactions with my fellows...That's the awesomesauce right there. Congratulations!
Congrats! Fully agree that sobriety isn't some magical pill rather a way to be much more aware of issues we have so we can fix them. You've done so much in 365 days!..http://i.imgur.com/Zyxx2ue.gif.
Well-done /u/RelapseRecover -- great post.
Beautiful!  Tis the season to live sober!..I'd edit one thing if it were mine:..&gt;instead of the lifelong journey to serenity that it's supposed to be...The journey *is* the goal.  It's not a "journey *to* serenity" at least for me.  It's a lifelong journey *OF* serenity.  As soon as I lose the "now" my serenity disappears.  I struggle with this constantly.
Congrats on a year!
I've been a big loser these past 3 weeks also and I am very proud of myself!
Fantastic to read this. Congratulations of your accomplishments. I loved to hear of your successes in your new way of life...Not sarcastic at all I'm proud to know that behind the keyboard you're a real person who's made a change for their own benifit and you're nowing seeing it. Congratulations again
Congratulations!  Your post is a great reminder that "less is more!"
yeah!  Great post.  Thanks for sharing.  I can relate to alot of that.  Especially the need for medication and that sense of guilt/shame/regret.  I have had an uptick in my ability to relate to others mainly because I am less anxious.  
not sure if you remember me but you commented on my post last year about the lack of "relatable young professionals" in meetings. i read some of your other posts and instantly i found that i could relate to your story. however that was during my quickly-abandoned first attempt at getting sober. ..just wanted to let you know that i never did forget about your post /u/RelapseRecover. you inspire me and other young people that there is an easier softer way to face life. in 4 months already i have lost a ton of "friends" from college and have looked inward on my journey forward. the result brought me to a full circle reflection on my first post to the SD subreddit. ..while it's nice to be surrounded by people who mirror the background you came from it's also a bit egotistical- something i have been dealing with in my sobriety. principles not personalities. your progress has displayed this clearly. you appear so much more compassionate something i am noticing in myself too. ..i surrendered off of my high horse and became honest with myself. instead of looking to others on what they can provide me i now ask what i can do to help them. you have helped so many people in ways you don't know. you have been honest with your posts even when they weren't positive/optimistic/etc. you have said what many of us think but don't say out loud. ..thank you so much for all of that. you have so much to be proud of. 
