-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qpxbq/there_are_no_breaks/

One of the worst parts of this journey is the fact that I no longer have the chemical mind blacking out escape from the avalanche style stress mountain that is the debt that I am under. I'm overspent through both personal loans and student loans. Managing it all is overwhelming. It's this constant juggling act to make sure that rent and bills get paid and that the loans get paid and oh ya that I can buy gas and some food. And it's my fault because I made poor financial decisions and it seems like no amount of reading on /r/personalfinance or /r/financialindependence is helping me to get things straightened out. ..It's panic inducing and there was a time that I'd just drink to briefly escape it. It's by far the most stressful point in my life that I struggle to manage. Trying to get it under control and often failing reduces me to tears. It triggers me and I want to drink. I guess I just need to vent a little and SD has been a great place to get focus again. ..I guess if I can get anything from this I should take away that I need to be mindful of what my triggers are. I need to try and not let myself get overwhelmed. Whether it's taking a walk to calm down a nap or trying to break the problem down into smaller bits so it's more manageable. Being happy that even if I am in financial distress my health is decent I've stopped drinking and overall life is better. 
----------immediate responses--------

As a big reader and fan of /r/personalfinance and /r/fitness as well as /r/stopdrinking I can tell you that there is a similar theme among all three - it is not a sprint but a marathon or if you will there is no quick fix you need a plan. A long time ago I used to be afraid to look at my checking account but would everyday to see how much I may have spent on a night of drinking and how close it may bring me to an overdraft. I can tell you that even though you may drink to forget about the debt/loans that will only postpone it. One of the toughest things to do with drinking or finances is to take the first step - then it does get easier. Make stuff automatic in finances (savings extra debt payment etc). Trust me one of the greatest things us humans can do is adapt - for good and bad - when we were poor and broke we'd still find ways to get money for alcohol so if we can do that in a fog there is no reason we can't find away to handle it all financially when sober. The decisions in the past have been made (both drinking and financially) all you can do now is face the future and know that if you put your mind to it and don't shy away from it you can get through it! 
Re-read your last paragraph...Sounds like you're in control.
Sometimes I wallow in the details of my financial distress and it gives me a kind of high. Like turning to anxiety and compulsive or obsessive thinking about those details is hitting some kind of addiction button that feels really good/bad to press. It's a balancing act for me to both remain on top of the details and trust my slow-as-molasses plan for eventually getting out of debt to do it's thing over time...Hang in there valerianrose!
Might be hard to see and hard to do. But it sounds like you're doing what you need to do. Keeping an open mind to new ways to approach old problems can be very helpful if difficult to pull off under the press of daily stress. Hang in there.
