-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qqsas/my_unofficial_2_year_anniversary_and_my_story/

2 years ago today I decided to stop drinking.  I did slip up and have half a beer on my birthday 4 months later though which is why i'm at 639 days here.  This subreddit has been a big help to me when I'm feeling down or questioning my decision to stop drinking.    It helps me to remember that I'm not the only one in this struggle.  Also my family and friends have given me more support than I could have ever managed...Over these two years sober I've come to realize that my depression stems from my social anxiety and to overcome that anxiety I would drink heavily.  This heavy drinking lead to me getting into a lot of trouble (DWI driving on suspended license multiple times drunk in public etc).  This lead to me to start just drinking at my home and when I broke up with my girlfriend of 2 years and she moved out I was drinking alone a lot.  That made me very depressed and I contemplated suicide almost nightly until I had a brutal hangover after a lot of booze and molly.  Once that subsided I decided that I was just done with it all.  If I continued drinking I was going to kill myself...I did the cliche by posting on facebook that I was done drinking but I was very sincere with my words and I wanted to be held accountable.  There's no way I could drink now and look like a fool to everyone I know.  The outpour of support from that was overwhelming and left me in tears...It has not been that difficult for me to not drink but like I said I do feel the urge.  N/A beer has been my savior in that regard though.  My social life is still non-existent but that's ok.  It's hard when all you've known before to do socially was to drink your face off.  At least my depression is not as severe.  A year ago I decided to start going to the gym and though I've been lazy lately I still go at least twice a week...* 2 years ago my New Year's resolution was to stop drinking and I'm still going strong..* 1 year ago my New Year's resolution was to start working out and that's still going...What shall my resolution be this year?  Start eating healthier?  Work on improving my career?  Put my social life back together?  I'm moving back to Buffalo in April after 5 years in DC so we'll see where that takes me...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations /u/Barnaby_Fuckin_Jones on your anniversary and continued good luck on your resolutions.  
Congrats on 2 years!!
My new year's resolution is to stop isolating so much and learn to have fun in sobriety.
Put the social life back together sounds like a great New Years resolution to me.Congratulations on the two years!
