-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qvu8h/3_months_holidays_and_vacation_conquered/

Well I've made it 90 days! I remember sitting at 30 days thinking 90 seemed so far off and now I'm here and there's not An Obvious Big Number to look forward to as the next milestone. But that's okay because I'll just keep taking it day by day and not worrying too much about "forever"...I started reading Alan Carr's book a few days ago and it's really been helping. His style takes a bit of getting used to but his arguments do make sense. I'm starting to slowly eliminate any lingering desire to drink after realizing there are literally no benefits (as if my asinine behavior and miserable experiences had me believing otherwise)...I have been struggling with complacency recently which is why I started reading Carr's book in the first place. I've gotten into a few mental traps of feeling angry/depressed/hopeless and wanting a drink (let's be real 20 drinks) and at times had to scrabble blindly for a way out. I hope this book can give me some strategies to address those situations...I've also noticed that all the emotions insecurities and difficulties that I was numbing and ignoring by getting drunk are not just going to disappear. I guess the next step should be somehow addressing those issues. Luckily we have a great health insurance with access to therapy through my job so all I need to do is pull the trigger and go. (Easier said than done I know.) Catching up on all the social skills I substituted with alcohol is going to be an undertaking as well...I know I don't post on this sub a lot but I read almost everything almost every day. Thanks to all of you for sharing your experiences and advice. I wish you all the very best in the new year and beyond!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow did I write this??  ;)..Congrats to you!  I can relate to so so SO much of your post.  I felt really accomplished but also complacent at 90 days.  And my emotions...yikes.  I am kind of a mess it appears.  ..I am going to join you in just continuing to work at it day by day hour by hour if needed.  Best to you in the new year and thanks for sharing!
Great job on 90! How do you like the book? I hear about it so much on this sub that it might as well be required reading..
It's really cool and proactive to have picked up the Carr book at 3 months. I wonder if the take-away is any different? ..I have benefits at my job that would help me get therapy too but I've had a hard time getting that ball rolling. Maybe this is the year to make that happen.
I kill complacency by reading posts from people who are just starting out and by intentionally remembering how completely miserable I was when I was a slave to alcohol.  Thanks to Carr I also view alcohol as it *is* - poison...Congrats on the 91 days! 
