-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qy3jv/my_mother_receives_her_50_year_medallion_tonight/

She asked me to post this in hopes of inspiring even one person. She quit when I was one year old after years of abuse of alcohol and at the hands of my physically abusive father. ..I have no idea how she found the strength to raise three children in that shadow but she did. And she never drank again. She found the strength to leave my father behind and was able to make better choices in light of the struggle ahead. She succeeded. ..She acknowledges that she's accepting the medallion not for herself but for all of those who are facing adversity for the first New Year and are afraid. She's 79 now a survivor. ..Happy new year to you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well I will absolutely drink some herbal tea to that! Thanks for posting and happy new year.
Amazing!   Tell her thanks for carrying the message I wouldn't be here without people like her. 
Please give your mom a hug for me that is wonderful
WOW!
wow and congrats
That's awesome.  Go your mom!
That. Is.So.Boss...And on New Year's Eve!!!
Congratulations to your Mom. It's lives like hers that keeps us continuing on. Absolutely incredible. 
Jeez I thought I was way way too old to be one of those people who says "Wow you got sober when I was three years old!"..Let's hear it for your mom and all survivors!  Happy new life!
Hey! I am so glad you posted this! 
I cannot imagine dealing my whole life with the topic "alcohol" 
Your mom is a hero :) .Happy new year happy sober year.
Awesome....tell her congrats!
Wow that's awesome.  I can count less than half a dozen AAs that I've known personally with 50 years or more.  That is so cool.
Done. I am inspired :)
Amazing woman. Congratulations to her.
Wow.  WOW. I raise my LaCroix to your amazing mom. Thanks for sharing such an inspiring story!
Give mom a hug from me an internet stranger.  As a mother myself she is an inspiration to me in more ways than one. Happy New Year to you and your mom.
Wow! I have certainly never seem one of those!.Thank her for having you share that with us.
Excellent! Tell your Mom I am thrilled for her. If she ever went to meetings in Ann Arbor I may know her.
I just got chills reading that.  You can tell her she's inspired this mother to keep on going...Thanks for sharing.
For those who count days that's 18262 days of continuous sobriety. Pretty impressive!
That is so impressive. Your mum has the heart and strength of a Tiger! Please give her a big kiss from me! 
Wow! Congrats to your mom. Maybe you could sign her up for a reddit account and get her a 18262-day badge here?
WOW! That's amazing and super inspirational. I hope in 49 years I can post something like that on whatever has replaced reddit.
What a fantastic achievement!! 
That's amazing thanks for sharing that. Give her a big hug!
I got chills reading this too. I was in an abusive relationship when I quit drinking and I didn't walk away from him until I had about six months sober. ..Your mother is an inspiration. 
Yes. Consider me one inspired person. Happy new year! 
