-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qyfgp/youre_going_to_fuck_up_new_years_if_you_dont_have/

Out of your mind and struggling? Go to a fucking movie or a meeting or something. ..Going to a party? Have a fake drink and an app that makes your phone ring on a five minute delay so you can exit without incident...Concert? Fake drink...Seeing family? Bring a shovel and rope and the thick garbage bags. Drive until the pavement ends and dig there. They'll never find them...Going to a bar? What the hell is wrong with you don't go to a bar..Sitting at home alone? Maybe go to a concert...Did I miss any?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Did I miss any?..Well yeah. Plans are important. A year ago on New Year's Eve I planned for the disposition of my friend's body--she'd died that evening. I'm not sweating plans for tonight too much. I won't be drinking. 
I'm staying in with my laptop netflix and a salmon ceasar salad. I'm going to write. NY resolution: write a novel. As long as I stay sober I can do that.
You don't need to fake drinking. Drink if you're thirsty. Own your sobriety. If people pressure you just tell them you're an alcoholic...My first time quitting I didn't tell anyone because a small part of me considered I may actually drink again and I didn't want these people to know in case I started back up.
&gt; Sitting at home alone?..Can't. No choice. http://i.imgur.com/0F4W2nT.jpg.
Feeling really content..The candles are lit but not me..Gonna eat Hagen Daaz (if I ever get warm enough.).I must admit I had some stray useless alky thoughts throughout the day..Listening to "Powerless No More" on audio book..I am not going to miss the holidays even stuck in traffic today they were giving recipes for hangovers on NPR. Sheesh.
Push-ups curls shoulder press crunches push-ups dumbbell rows laterals sit ups repeat. ..Also going to play The Witcher 2 a bit.
I don't have expectations of tonight and I won't drink over plans going awry cuz life happens.
Sitting at home alone? *That's perfectly fine.* Drop useless expectations.
I had a party earlier for my mom friends and their kids.  It was a totally sober event for all...BC I had that party planned I stocked my house with lots of groceries and non-alcoholic drinks and I cleaned the hell out of it.  Tonight I will put a very tired 4 year old to bed early head to my home group meeting and then ring in the new year in my sweatpants.  LaCroix for all!
&gt; Sitting at home alone? Maybe go to a concert...Dude these video games aren't going to play themselves!
Lol this post and the replies are awesome. 
&gt; Did I miss any?..YES..."Sitting at home alone?  NICE!  Put on some sweatpants or forgo pants altogether and enjoy the peace."
Tell me more about how I'm going to "fuck up new years" by sitting at home watching television. I don't need a plan if I don't put myself in risky situations.
My plan is to sit in my reclining arm chair and do cryptic crosswords with my jack russell. The idle little bugger hasn't got a single clue right yet. ..http://imgur.com/hADpv69
&gt; Sitting at home alone?..[Saving the fucking galaxy!](/r/masseffect/)
In all seriousness dude different people have different triggers and different solutions. 
I'm working 9 pm to 5 am so that's my plan:)
Continue working on grad school applications while drinking non-alcoholic sparkling cider.
Hot tea a book music on the radio and enjoying the peace. No bar party or booze for me!
Sitting at home alone? Put on some slippers!
