-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2qysta/new_herejust_wanted_to_introduce_myself/

Hello everyone....I quit drinking on Halloween this year a few too many hangovers and bad decisions prompted this change.  Alcohol had fundamentally changed me.  I didn't like the person I had become.  ( nobody liked the person I had become). I couldn't really make it through the day without at least one drink but of course one never means one.  To add insult to injury drinking makes me hungry...packing on the pounds didn't help my mental/emotional health much.  The damage to my bank account each weekend has obliterated my credit.  Nothing good has ever come from my drinking.  I nearly ruined my marriage with my psychotic antics.  Luckily I married a saint.  Even as I know all of this I am sad I'm not going out tonight...disappointed I'm not going to the bar...even considering drinking at home... This is how I found this sub actually.  I know it's a stupid idea but how can I miss it so much?  Why do I want to drink so badly?  I never truly thought I had a real problem until I started trying to stop :(..Edit: just spoke to my husband about this and he was all wait a minute... You got drunk and puked in my car a week and a half ago.  I had totally forgotten about that... Relapse is a part of recovery though right?  Damn.  Now I feel worse :(
----------immediate responses--------

I relate to you! I am glad you posted because I am so feeling down about not drinking tonight. .I just have these fantasies that alcohol is this great thing that used to be in my life. The way my brain works is that I disregard all the terrible consequences and dwell on the few things I liked about drinking. .My rosy memories are mostly fiction though. I know little but I'm positive I would wake up tomorrow and regret having drank..I have to live with myself. Because of that....I'm not drinking tonight..Happy new year:)
Hello and welcome. I think the first new year was most difficult. However the consequences of my drinking were severe so remembering what happens when I drink always reinforces the decision for sobriety. I'm glad you found us and hope writing your post took some of the power out of the craving. ..Make this a special night in some way. Or go the other direction and don't make it so "special". ..&gt; Nothing good has ever come from my drinking...You said it yourself.                .Happy sober new year new friend.
6 days ago I ended a 10 day bender of Tequilia cocaine server administration and blowing through my kids' daycare money. It is time for a change. I'm sick of fucking up and being controlled by my retardation. I'm new here too! 
Hello and welcome. Glad you're here. Do you have any other support for times like this when you miss drinking?
It's not stupid buddy.  My friends have texted/called me because I'm usually the most epic party animal and the last one standing when the sun comes up.  It hurt to say no but so does being too drunk to function for days afterward (yes I usually get that wasted) wondering where my bruises came from/who I punched and/or slept with and just being not worth much else to people besides getting tore up with occasionally (because I'm the entertainment).  It's hard... you can do it!  
Welcome!..The disease of addiction makes it seem like a great idea to do something that ruins your health your self-respect your career marriage relationships etc.  It's not stupidity it's the way we are wired to respond to alcohol and why alcoholics like me need help to stop and stay stopped..
Welcome! So glad you're here!..Accepting you have a problem is a huge step towards recovery. I miss it too sometimes but I know in my head and heart that like you said nothing good comes from my drinking.  ..Dig in hard and stay sober tonight -- we will all deal with tomorrow together.  
Hey there I'm not sure what the time is there but if you made it through the night wihout a drink you should feel so proud of yourself. :)  Who gives a stuff about a single night's outing.  Probably corporations love the special days the most because they make lots of money.  We lose lots of money when we buy into the fantasy.  Helping you helps me - I very new to this.
Hey there welcome to the team. There is a great IRC Chat on the right side bar for this sub if you ever want to pop on in. Be well
Welcome! I think you'll find this to be a really supportive and useful place. Waking up hangover- and regret-free is going to be a great way to start off the new year. 
