-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2r1qgu/why_im_quitting_my_road_to_finally_telling_myself/

When I search reddit even outside of /r/stopdrinking trying to find information on things I want to change in my personal life I usually enjoy reading the success stories of others. It's always great to think what one man can do I can do. ..My last drink was last Tuesday December 23rd and I don't really feel like I should ever touch the stuff again. (Of course I constantly think "Damn it would be great to catch a brief buzz" but that's just part of the process)....Reasons I'm Quit: ..1. I'm 25 and have an alcohol problem. .I can't imagine struggling with this my whole life. ..2. It's a coping mechanism..I started when I thought I contracted an STD in college. I found out a year after that I was paranoid and didn't have one it was way to late and I was far into my alcoholism..I started drinking heavily and didn't deal with my issues. Until I went to the doctor I used something that wasn't even real to drive me to drink...3. My college car got wrecked by my brother while we were both fucked up. .Drinking/Alcoholism made me get a new car with my first job out of college instead of allowing me to build up savings. ..4. I got a DUI in September of 2013. .I had pounded 6 beers at the bar after work at 6pm bought a six-pack and pounded that by 10pm then drove to get a Pizza and buy a 12-pack..Thank god I didn't kill anybody I was speeding and got pulled over. Hello $8k down the drain. .Getting a DUI is one of the most stressful incidences you could ever have happen to you. I'm sure some others in this subreddit or even someone reading this is familiar with the financial and emotional hell it creates...5. Since Senior year of college three years ago I've blacked out probably around 20-30 times. .That's not healthy and I've probably killed a lot of brain cells. Checking my phone and having to hear my friends say "Hey man do you remember last night?" After multiple "Hey I was drunk." It doesn't stay viable as an excuse for acting like an idiot...6. I've urinated myself over ten times three times at friend's..It's super embarrassing and all I wanted to do was cover it up. .I felt like a little kid not being able to control myself. .It made me look like an alcoholic to others. Which I am but I never wanted someone to know...7. I've woken up three times after black outs in ditches. .-After leaving friends in a black out I've woken up at 3 or 4am soaked in my urine and wet from the grass. Luckily I always had my wallet cell phone and keys...8. I've known since my DUI I've had an alcohol problem. .Remember the whole I drank to cope. There was a point where for 2 1/2 weeks straight I drank a 12-pack almost every night. .I could never admit it and even when I knew I told myself "Fuck it I like drinking. Why should I stop it makes me feel good!"..9. I haven't been able to perform at my job. .Monday morning hangovers at a sales job! I never felt confident or emotional ready for a morning after a binge. It was just draining. .Called out multiple times because I was hungover at the same level a Russian sailor would be. ..10. I gained a lot of weight. .Since the senior year I went from a healthy 185 to 245. I'm now at 235..My lowest weight was from 208 Freshman year of college to 165 lbs. .Let's just say I'm not feeling good about this. ..11. It's expensive!.On a weekend which I ended up curbing my drinking to Friday Saturday and Sunday I would drink at least two twelve-packs. Not the cheap stuff either I would buy the mid-range Buds/Bud Lights/etc. that ends up at $12-13 x 2 = $24-$26 over a 52 week year $24-$26 x 52 =$1248-$1352. .That's a lot of AFTER-TAXES dollars my people !..12. Dating Women.If you're fat and constantly drunk it feels great to drown your depression with booze. I went on a few dates and have never felt confident enough to settle down because of drinking. .Hell I went to one date drunk! I don't think she figured it out. ..What I expect will improve from quitting: .1. Not pissing myself!!! Seriously though that'll be nice haha!..2. Financial Freedom!.Not only will I save $1300 a year I'll also save on all the junk food I bought at restaurants and at the grocery store during beer binges. ..3. Emotional Health. .Having an addiction and being drunk constantly have prevented me from forming relationships with women.  I want that now. .I'll feel free from drinking. ..4. Physical Health.I know I'm going to lose weight. ..5. Guaranteed not to get another DUI!.It'll be good to know I can literally guarantee I'll never get another one. ...I'll come up with more later. ...Thank you for your support and I love reading your inspiration post on this subreddit!..Kevin
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  We are glad to have you here!  Kevin thank you so so much for writing out such a cohesive detailed awesome post.  I can relate to so so much on your list.  The weight the money the work issues the coping the anxiety....ugh.  It feels impossible to fix those things while drinking doesn't it?..Stick around and [read a little bit about us](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index) [grab a badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) and keep us posted on your journey.  The [IRC chat](http://is.gd/rsdirc) is fun and the [Saturday Shares](http://is.gd/rsdss) are so great. The [2014 Survey](http://www.reddit.com/2oxmxi) is awesome and chock full of great info about our community and its users...We all have our own plan/program for success. I personally see a therapist post and read like crazy here and attend recovery meetings. I'm also doing a lot of reading and working on spiritual recovery. What works for me may work for you but only you can find that out.  All of this has helped me with my relationship with myself and in turn others. ..Again happy to have you here!
Welcome to the team man I hope you stick around. Sounds like you are making a bery wise decision and embarking on a positive journey. Seconded the IRC Chat that u/ketojam mentioned its a good place to goof off and a great place to get support when you are lonely or feeling urges. Be well
Congratulations on taking the first step in changing your life. Your story sounds like my story the only difference is I'm a female. I got sober at 24 and it was the best decision I ever made. Drinking made me gain weight when I quit I was able to lose 100 pounds by changing my life style completely around. I am out of that vicious cycle where I was depressed so I drank and I drank because I was depressed. 7 years later I'm still paying off my Dui charges. You can do this just keep doing it one day at a time. When you wake up in the morning tell yourself no matter what you aren't going to drink today then do the same thing the next day. You got this :) 
Welcome to SD. The reasons you listed for quitting drinking are more numerous than the ones I would have listed when I quit and your attention to detail tells me that you have thought about this thoroughly....I know that I have what it takes to remain sober for at least one day. My badge says 365 but what that really means is that I didn't drink for one day 365 times. You also know what it takes to remain sober for at least one day. But not all days are the same. You have to be ready for anything. Reading about other people's experiences on SD have prepared me for every day this last year including 2 funerals and a wedding a cruise all holidays and all bad days. ..You can't know everything that will happen in your future but you can be prepared for anything. Good luck!..
You will feel so great about yourself by just not drinking today Kevin.  
Well put Kevin. I'm right there with ya man. I'm 27 and just DONE. It has had such a negative impact on my life and all of these reasons I can relate to. You can do it! We are all here for you too!
What courage you have! It's a beautiful life don't ever let it go!
28 yr old guy. I also struggle with almost every situation you mentioned and tried to drinking moderately for about 4 months. We all know how that turned out. Stay true to what you really want out of life and take it one day at a time. Good luck man. 
Hey..We're a similar age. 27 here...Around the middle of this last December I was found drunk and unresponsive etc. by an ER team. ..Later around Dec 25/26 I took a few shots and then tripped and fell on concrete outside my house. Concussion black eyes part of my upper left face looks like minced-meat. Hehe.. ..I've lost like 80% of my hearing in my left ear things kinda suck still. I've been calling every doctor/audiologist in my region within a 100mi radius but no one accepts Amerigroup and is in office until the 15th of Jan. ..Gotta get back to work soon too. Just gotta keep on thing will be good. They will be. We need to keep that in mind whatever darkness we see today in our horizon is really just a nasty fog that will clear and then we're simply JUST stuck with reality. :)..We all can do it. We're capable of being sober and being awesome people. Let's just get healthy together.. via reddit. ..Hope you're doing OK today. 
Same age here same step on the road to tackling my alcoholism and unhealthy relationship with alcohol. I look at it as a new adventure. We'll be like the rat pack only without the booze... Probably no singing either... Or benzadrine... Or qualuudes. But it's all good! New start to be complete and get closer to the universe not get hammed and live inside a fog only feeling guilty for letting people down...I haven't been here for long but these folks have a lot of wisdom and seem like a rat pack I want to be a part of.
Welcome!..Keep this list with you when you start having cravings or doubts. There will be tough times and *playing the tape* can be really helpful. This is a great list to read or think about when the motivation to stop drinking gets weak...Congrats on the 9 days too!
Good on you man. Im 21 and have been beat up enough because of my drinking. Glad to see another younger person decide to stop drinking as well
Do it!  I'm 35 years old and struggling with this stupid poison called alcohol. I have a family now so it's not just hurting me when I drink. It's hurting my family. I have a job and mortgage that alcohol will screw up if I allow it to do so. There isn't one thing between 25 and 35 that drinking has enhanced or made better. It's been quite the opposite.  Your health will also start to get screwed up from drinking. I'm 35 and have high blood pressure because of drinking. It's come down since I've stopped. I used to have a rock hard body because I was in the army for 10 years until I got a medical discharge from some injuries from Iraq. I'm now over weight and working like hell to lose 30 pounds. You will not regret quitting right now. I wish I could go back and tell 25 year old me to stop the bull shit drinking. Since I can't I guess I'm telling you. Ha!  Good luck on your decision.  
thanks everyone for the support! ..
Hey hey.  Good to meet you.  
Hey kevin I think we might be long lost brothers you sound exactly like me. If you stick with it good things will come believe that
I am 25 as well and as you have said I just got tired of wasting time and money and looking like an ass. So good luck to you it takes work but that work is rewarded. I personally got crazy into working out and am feeling and looking better every week. I would highly recommend it especially if you are trying to attract some ladies your way haha.
