-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2r4dr1/finally_told_all_of_my_friends/

so I made a huge long post to facebook today amid the deluge of resolution posts from people who obviously have no plans to keep them...Thought I would share it with you guys as you all have been a big help for me over the past 82 days...here it is:.."I'm starting to see a bunch of new years resolution posts and I figured I should post something. I don't do new years resolutions because under that banner everything fails. Gyms get empty by the end of January people start smoking again after a couple days...you know the deal. If there is something about yourself you want to change just do it. You have already made up your mind why wait until some arbitrary date to fix it you will probably reason yourself out of it by the time that date comes...With that said I figure I can post about this now. I kept quiet on this subject except to some people I deal with everyday. I don't ever post personal stuff on the bookface but somethings need to be put out there...1) I quit smoking! ..It has been 124 days since my last cigarette and I don't plan on ever going back. I smoked for 19 years and I don't even think about them anymore. I quit cold turkey. After the first week it got really easy. If you plan on quitting I highly suggest cold turkey...2) I quit drinking!..This was much harder than smoking since it is so widely accepted as a normal activity. It has been 82 days. Looking back on my past with alcohol I see the good memories of fun and the bad ones of uncontrolled intoxication. Funny thing is I'm sure that the fun times would have been just as fun without the beer and I wouldn't have been immobilized the next day. ..I had a problem with alcohol I will not go into details but it was no way to go through life...You have to accept when quitting drinking that people will not understand you will get questions like "how do you have any fun without it?". Easy do the same thing you would do while drinking just don't fall over and slur your words. There are also many other activities that you can't do while drinking that are great fun. More fun than sitting in a bar. "why not just have one or two then stop?" doesn't work that way for problem drinkers. I did have 2 at an event during the last 82 days to try this out. I felt the monster start to build and had to exit. Worst. Night. Ever. Remember no one wakes up in the morning wishing they got smashed the night before...One thing I wasn't prepared for with quitting drinking is you realize how many of your activities were based on or revolved around drinking. You also realize that you have many "friends" who are in truth only drinking buddies. Once alcohol is cut out of your life these types seem to disappear as you don't have anything in common to do all of your time together was spent drinking...It has been a bit of a lonely journey but I had to completely separate myself if I was going to go through with this. I could not continue doing the exact same things I was doing while drinking. Remember Vaas and the definition of insanity...However after these 82 days I am becoming quite comfortable without booze a couple weeks ago the haze lifted I became quite happy with the way I was feeling and where things were heading. The struggle got easier and I began doing things with a smile. I feel like a damned super hero now too. Everything around me feels like its moving in slow motion its interesting to say the least...So...what was the point of this post? it started out talking about resolutions. I don't have one I'm going to just live and continue to better myself. I look forward to the work I will do this year with a clear head and full focus...Have a good 2015...jerks."..I just want to say thanks again to SD for being awesome.
----------immediate responses--------

Well said man.
Well-said.  You are an ex-drinker now my friend.
That is amazing. .I will neither confirm nor deny that I may copy and paste some of that for when I publicly tell all my friends. 
[deleted]
No offence man but you really come off as an asshole. As somebody who has had a stuck to new years resolutions you should realize that every person is different and everybody's struggle is different and you should say good on them for trying...I think we all try to accomplish things many times on many different dates whether it be losing weight quitting smoking quitting drinking whatever and January 1st is just another day I picked it for losing weight in 2010 if I would have saw your post I would have felt really shitty about myself and the thing is it didn't succeed 5 years later I consider my start date January 10th because it was one of the hundreds of days I decided to start. Why does their date matter to you or make you any better?..I do congratulate you on your success because you started many weeks before myself but you aren't better than anybody for making it an extra 82 days before them if they decided to start yesterday think how discouraged you would be if they decided to stop drinking and then read that post saying your basically setting yourself up for failure. ..I personally think your only competition should be with yourself and you really have no right to tell anybody else how to create their own path...I would unfriend you after reading this
Great job being sober 82 days.
I tend to eye-roll at NY resolutions too. But for some people it's a ritual that is effective for motivating them. I notice a few one and two year posts yesterday for example.
A well written and honest post  congrats on the 82 days.
For those who don't know Vaas.  [Did I ever tell you about the definition of insanity?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7n_1zsCVBxw)
I haven't told any of my friends yet but I haven't gotten to 82 days yet. Congrats on having the courage to talk to them.
This is a great post! I can't wait until I get my super powers...
I found it all great - except why did you end with the word jerks?
"Remember Vaas and the definition of insanity." Thanks for posting i've talked to a few friends who have dealt with substance abuse but otherwise haven't had the courage to open up. I'll get there. Kudos on quitting. .
I appreciate your honesty here...not only with yourself but with your Facebook friends. It takes a lot of courage to take the leap forward into the lifestyle of a nondrinker not to mention letting everyone you know in on your commitment. Only my family knows about the few recent times I've tried to quit and the friends I would have told are not currently in the picture as they are triggers for me. I haven't had a Facebook account for years but I can't help but wonder how difficult it would be to put myself out there as you have allowing myself to be so vulnerable before so many people. Then again we all do what we must on this journey and it seems like you are approaching sobriety with the confidence and excitement that seems to be necessary for success. I've found that the more I tell my family members about my own journey the more I hold myself accountable and the more I want to prove my strength to those around me. I also notice their increased efforts to simultaneously reach out and look within themselves. I realize that not drinking is a pretty contagious act when you really take a moment to see how others around you take it to heart. ...I have a feeling that your post on Facebook is not only going to cement your new path but might also offer a lot to a friend who may have really needed it. Congrats on 82 days!
