-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2r6yxa/wondering_about_aa/

Hey there checking in with 69 days. (Haha)  After treatment I was encouraged to go to AA as much as possible.  I did for a couple of weeks but I find myself dragging ass to get to an AA meeting lately.  I know I should and I always end up getting something out of them when I do go.  Most days I just don't want to go talk about alcohol.  Life has been great since treatment.  I have a good support system new job and starting a masters program so I have enough to keep me busy.  I also don't love some of the AA aspects.  Many members preach that it is the only way to stay sober.  Honestly I feel like many people from treatment assume I am going down the wrong path because I don't go.  I get a lot of "haven't seen you in a while you doing ok?" texts.  Is it so bad that I want to get sober and live a normal life?  I understand I am only a couple months in to sobriety but I honestly feel like I have my life back and want to engage in society again.  I will remember the fact that I am an alcoholic for the rest of my life but I don't want my life to revolve around that fact.  AA seems like a constant barrage of alcoholism.  I am an alcoholic but alcoholism is not what defines me.  I do support AA and encourage anyone struggling to go.  I just wonder how many of you out there with some real time under your belt consistently go and how often?  I try to hit a meeting a week but more than that seems like overkill especially with how cluttered my life has become with sober hobbies and activities.  The meaning behind my post is ambiguous at best and its purpose unclear.  I guess i'm just curious how you other redditors feel about AA.
----------immediate responses--------

I go to multiple meetings a week as many as needed... Whether that means 2 or 14 is dependent on how I feel. If I feel anxious nervous doom fearful angry or discontent I make more meetings. There is no one right path to sobriety it takes what it takes. Just be honest with yourself when asking what to do about your sobriety journey.
Everyone is different  but I'm not social and the meetings make me want to drink. Highly religious down here in the bible belt and that would drive me to drinking. I wouldn't even go to a secular one either though I'm sure.  I have tried counseling  but really the only times I have gotten a lot of sober time in were after my family learned how bad I was and stated being supportive. ..Do what is best for you. I've heard some people go to counseling.  I was put on medication for awhile and told to take the pill every time I want to drink.  It worked well too  but it has other side effects that were not so good. Picking up habits you enjoy. 
I do.  In fact I was at a 7:30 AM meeting at a local bar/bad Barbecue restaurant across the street from Starbucks where I have coffee every morning at 5:30 AM. 
I go a few times a week.  My home group meets 2 days a week Mondays and Wednesdays and I always make those. Those are book study groups and we read the Big Book and the 12 Steps 12 Traditions.  Then on Friday nights I go to a speaker meeting. I usually go to some kind of meeting at least once on the weekend but usually both days. ..I talk to my sponsor every day via text and private message.  We are also in a mom's group together so we socialize and talk about lots of other things besides AA and alcoholism...It's working for me today. It may not tomorrow and if that's the case I'll change things up in some way. I've spent time wondering "am I going to enough meetings? The right meetings? Should I have a different sponsor? Should I work the steps faster? Differently?" But I feel good with what I'm doing now so I've learned to try not to obsess over things if they're going well.
No that's not how I see AA.  Sure alcohol is mentioned but the steps 2-12 are working on the root causes of why we drank drugged and whatever the way we did.   ..For me AA is very much in the solution.  Try other meetings.  What defines me are the changes I've made so that I am no longer the lonely miserable guy stuffing myself with substances to make me feel ok.
Personally I recommend AA to any one who wants to stop drinking. It's a great support group with many different meetings to choose from... I would never have succeeded in my own opinion without the help and support of my sponsor. She was very active in AA and had 36 years of sobriety when I met her at a meeting.
