-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2r793a/i_have_no_willpower/

I can't get my sober mojo going again.....I quit for a day or two and then drink for a day or two and repeat the cycle over and over. ..I get all enthusiastic and motivated to quit and then my wife says "I feel like a glass of wine." and I join her for a glass. I didn't get drunk but I drank...I thought 2015 was going to be different and so far it's exactly the same. My struggle to achieve lasting sobriety continues...
----------immediate responses--------

Does she know that you want to put the bottle down for a while?
In my experience willpower has nothing to do with sobriety health and happiness.
Sorry to hear that. Have you tried reading the Allen Carr book mentioned in the sidebar? It completely changed the way I look at alcohol. Once I saw alcohol as poison it no longer required willpower to avoid it. Are you ever tempted to drink laundry detergent? The Carr book approached with an open mind can make it almost as easy to not drink alcohol. For the record my wife drinks a handle of vodka a week and I still find it easy to resist. It is literally not even a temptation anymore and it all started with Allen Carr's Easy Way. It was a silver bullet for my beast of a drinking problem. 
It took many years until my wife realized the extent of my issue. I maintained nightly drinking schedule that could never be broken  because I called it my sleep aid. But eventually I lost control of that and became a monster day in and day out and just seemingly lost my mind.. When she finally poured it out I went on one of the most horrific withdraws I had had in years and that's when she realized it wasn't a "hangover" but the dts and I had become seriously dependant. I didn't even begin admitting this to myself or other people until 2 years ago. ..Anyway she had to see some first hand madness until she understood  and doesn't want alcohol anywhere near the house  not even for herself anymore. 
It doesn't take willpower.  Relying on willpower is a sure way to stumble...What it took for me was making a decision and sticking with that decision.  Think of it like dropping a letter in the mailbox.  Once you do that that letter is sent.  There's no getting it back.  Same thing here. I made a decision that I wasn't going to drink anymore ever.  No matter what happens to me drinking is not an option.  ..The power of this technique is that I don't have to worry about talking myself out of my decision because it's not based on anything that can be argued with.  If I quit because it's fucking up my life as soon as my life is no longer fucked up I start thinking huh well maybe that decision should be reconsidered since that's no longer an issue.  If I quit because my GF doesn't like it as soon as she says oh you can have just one or as soon as she goes away for the weekend I start thinking I can drink again...There is a part of your brain that will try to tell you that drinking is OK.  I don't think it's possible to reason with this part of the brain.  After all it is *part of your brain.*  It controls what you think.  Of course it's going to be able to convince you.  It has control of the very faculties you use to make decisions.  It's an inside job...By basing my decision on something that can't be argued with whether I "can" drink is no longer relevant.  My brain was all like *hey you could probably have just one right now you've proven you can quit when you need to.*  There is no beating that voice.  You talk to anyone who has relapsed after a long period of sobriety and 90% of them will tell you that they did so because they thought they could handle it.  You can't win that battle...So I don't fight it.  *OK brain maybe I can drink.  Sure you're right I totally can.  No doubt in my mind. But it doesn't matter. Whether I can or not is immaterial.  All that matters here is that I've already made the decision. There's no going back.*  After doing that for a while that part of my brain stopped trying to convince me.  It only has a limited set of tools at its disposal.  If you take them away it's got nuthin...After you've promised and broken that promise a million times your words no longer carry meaning.  It is completely normal that your wife isn't taking you seriously.  I know it's frustrating and if it hasn't yet it will eventually spill over into other areas of your life.  Why should she take you seriously?..I saw you say that you have a kid.  I grew up with an alcoholic father. I did not believe a word that came out of his mouth. About anything.  Why one time we baked him a cake b/c on the day he hit 30 days sober.  He came home drunk.  True story.  By the time he died I hated him.  I no longer hate him I was wrong and I regret my actions and thoughts.  ..That's what your future looks like pal.  That is going to happen to your family.  You don't have to let it happen.  You can decide right now that you are going to stop. No matter what.  Not for your wife.  Not to stop your kids from hating you or to spare them from the pain of having to deal with regret about how they treated you when you were alive.  (They will regret hating you too trust me on this one.)  But because you simply made a decision.  That's it.  That's all it takes.  Make that decision.  For you.  ..Don't tell them.  Show them. Drop that letter in the mailbox.  Make it final.  And don't look back.  
So you keep doing the same thing and you get the same results? Sounds right to me...What are you going to do differently to get different results?
Unless you can find a really good reason to quit you won't quit..I quit because I was tired of waking up worn out and hungover..I quit because I was tired of throwing hard earned money away on alcohol..I quit because two people at work died from alcohol related diseases..I quit because alcohol makes me a lazy unproductive person..There are plenty more reasons but those are enough for me to say that I've wasted enough of my life and it's time to try something different. Once you have a good reason or twenty it makes the choice to pickup or not much easier.
In AA we say absence of power--that's our dilemma.  That's why the 12 Steps of AA are predicated on reaching out to a "higher power."  As we say *ad nauseum* this higher power does not need to be God but it can be that notion works for believers.  Good luck I think you can get this but it may entail learning to following directions.  How about outpatient treatment?
Agree with several others here that it's not really about willpower. I know that sounds wrong and I thought the same thing when it was said to me but eventually I found out. When I realized it was not the fight to stay sober that I needed to start but the fight to keep drinking that I needed to give up things got easier. You don't need willpower to give up.
that's a textbook description of the behavior..sparkly drinks were a beautiful crutch for me for a couple months.  So long as I had soda water w lime and a dark black coffee I could sit with anyone..does your wife know what you are trying to do?  She should maybe skip the wine while you're around..
It gets worse and worse each relapse too :( I feel ya
Like /u/offtherocks I remember a post where you said you have a child/children. My father was also an alcoholic and I remember him promising to stop drinking when I was about 10 years old because the doctor told him it was making him sick. He never kept his promises and I also didn't believe a word he said. I grew to hate him. Well I'm in my early 30s and my father is dead. Alcoholism killed him...I don't have children yet but I have nieces and nephews and I do not want them to lose me to alcoholism. I don't even want their relationships with me to suffer the consequences of my alcoholism the way my relationship with my father was destroyed because of his alcoholism. I quit drinking for myself but thinking of those sweet little children who adore me is additional motivation. ..AA works for me. Might not be your thing but what are you doing differently than just stopping for a couple days and picking up again if you're really serious? I'd start with the suggestions in the sidebar if it were me.
