-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rcwxs/the_guy_who_was_going_to_marry_my_fiance_an_i/

Talk about a roller coaster man. In the past 4 months I've been to 2 funerals and 2 weddings and now another funeral. And it's a pattern. Funeral wedding funeral wedding funeral. ..If I had not stayed sober through the first funeral and wedding I know that I would have relapsed over and over and over just for the hell of it. I want everyone who reads this to know that the first sober funeral and sober wedding are the hardest. Those are the two occasions where you can get drunk and no one will judge no matter who you are. No one will blame you for drinking at either of those occasions. You have to be accountable to yourself and yourself only if you are going to remain sober through one of these things....I feel like I have been to more weddings and funerals in the past 4 months than anyone else on SD just by what I've seen. So...If I can do it you can do it. Trust me. At each of these events I was offered alcohol multiple times by multiple people. I was prepared to say no and I had water/soda in my hands when ever I could. No one cared. ..Edit: d..EDIT2: Not polygamy...He was a minister of sorts who was going to preside over our wedding... 
----------immediate responses--------

Ohhhh I am just cringing at even the thought of having to attend a wedding or a funeral. My god. Hopefully nothing like that anytime soon for me!.Wow when it rains you don't pour... I am impressed!!
My condolences friend. What an odd run of life you've experienced in sobriety and good on you for sticking to it.  Just out of curiosity is there another wedding coming up?
I'm sorry for your loss PMS. ..~~No one cared.~~ *I* care. Seeing your posts about personal accountability on vacations and celebrations helped me.
I just got back from a visitation a few hours ago. I am going to the funeral tomorrow.  A close friend of mine passed on NYE of cancer.  I went with a big group of friends they were all talking about having a glass of wine before but no one broke out a bottle.  The visitaion was really really hard.  Her kids went to school with mine and it was just so hard to see them.  I cried.  Everyone was going to have a drink afterward and I asked if they could just take me home.  I am surprised and happy that a drink didn't sound in the least bit appealing to me.  I obviously wouldn't have drank but I wasn't temped in the least.  I was just sad. 225 days ago I would have been drunk by now but tonight Im on facebook looking at pictures and remembering her with a clear head.  
This is a terrific post- not only did you stay sober but you showed up for tough stuff.  I did not show up for things while drinking- or if I did I was either drunk high or spending all my time figuring out how to get drunk or high...Sounds like you've had a whole lot of this to deal with in a short time- well done!
Sorry to hear about the funerals. You've stayed sober through some very challenging events. ..I attended a wedding when I was 4 days sober...it was quite interesting. I was present and enjoyed the day but it was also challenging watching everyone around me drink. I was also asked a couple times why I wasn't drinking and I was offered drinks a few times. I remember hugging the groom goodbye at the end of the night and the scent of scotch on him was so strong it nearly knocked me over. 
I have found that there are periods in nearly every one's life where for some reason they just get slammed.  .As in it's one thing after another with hardly room to breathe...I have also found that dealing with these challenges is at least doable when sober and present in the moment...These times are often eye opening in that we find what we are Truly made of and learn more about ourselves and others around us... Keep on truckin'.
