-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2repoy/learning_to_accept_me_for_me_is_key_to_my_sobriety/

I have come to realize that I like spending time alone.  I used to struggle with this.  Friends always wanted me to do things.  Go to the party go to GNO go to the bars couples dinners.  I felt obligated to go and would feel really bad if I declined.  Drinking was always involved and was the only way I could get through the situations.  I have realized that its ok that I like to be alone its not a  personality flaw that I should be ashamed of.  I am happiest spending time with my SO doing simple things. I am content at home alone with a book and the fireplace.  I really don't want to go to the party and socialize.  I don't want to do GNO with 10 women drinking and acting a fool.   It got to a point where I wasn't invited anymore bcs I would usually say no.  I use to feel guilty.  I don't anymore.  I feel almost liberated that I have come to accept that this is who I am that being alone is ok.  I look forward to the rest of my life being me doing the things I want to do not being pressured into being the social butterfly that I don't want to be.  Introvert was a label that I used to hate but I now realize it isn't something I should try to change.  I am who I am.  I don't need alcohol to make me into something I'm not.   I really like me :)  Happy Sober Monday 
----------immediate responses--------

I love this. It's nice to hear you've reached a place where you accept this about yourself and the fact that it isn't a problem. I used to love being by myself reading books and watching films etc until alcohol crept in and I felt constantly that I was missing out on some kind of party. I look forward to getting to a point where I feel comfortable being alone again doing the things I used to enjoy. Happy sober Monday! 
This is a great realization and something I've struggled with in the past as well. I always felt like I had to go out had to go to parties and dinners every weekend or I wasn't really "living". I think as I got older and it was more acceptable not to want to go out all the time I realized how much I looove being alone. I think there's something really great about being this way.
I too have reached this point. However I do set aside one day a week to get out of my comfort zone and help out around my community. It's not much but I've met some pretty awesome people this way. 
In a nutshell recovery is all about becoming comfortable in your own skin...some alterations may be necessary a change of attitude or perception but so much of our condition was self blame hate flagellation and that needs to stop. 
I just had to realize that acceptance doesn't mean simply tolerating things I still have resentments toward....it's actually letting go of the fact that all I'm responsible for is myself (my happiness) the same as everyone else is for their lives. We all have different ways to arrive there. I can't change anyone else but I can change my outlook and do what I say I will do which is walk the path and not create wreckage. 
For me solitude is a good thing. I have to be careful not to confuse that with isolating. A nice quiet Saturday of Netflix and pizza is often what I need to recharge my batteries. These days I'm much more of a home body than I ever was before. Good job figuring that out op :)
I have come to realize this as well. Thanks for putting it in more words than I could. Who drinks on a Monday anyway?! :P
As much as one of our mantras is about sobriety being at the end of the day a personal responsibility; it would be nice if some days others could make this road a little easier on us.  The number of local "friends" I successfully retained when I quit going out drinking is effectively 0.  Some stopped communicating some I stopped communicating with because they had issues with me not drinking.  Sadly it happens.
Oh man I love being by myself it's the bees knees! It's really good for the soul.
Nice
[deleted]
Holy cow me too! I quit everything a couple of months ago. I realized I was tired and also feeling resentful of activities I was doing that were supposed to be good for me. Why am I going if I hate it? I've been doing a little soul-searching as a consequence and I kind of just want to stay home. All the time. I work - I use the interwebs - I go to the gym. I have some dear close friends who live far away and I have my sweetie. That's about all the social stimulation I need.
This is fantastic. I really relate. I dinner with friends twice a week or so is invigorating but most nights I am happiest at home resting writing listening to music watching a movie drinking tea. I used to think this was boring but I honestly love it. Thank you for posting !
Nice. Spending time alone is great. Be careful though.  Speaking from my personal experience I've gone from a little bit of solitude to near complete isolation. Striking a good balance is good.  .I'm still trying to find things to do with other people without drinks (even if I don't drink at the hangouts and others are it is uncomfortable).  .I spent a lot of time alone last summer fishing or hiking and it was healthy living physically but took it's toll on me mentally feeling that even though I was still out and about I was "alone".
Like you I'm OK with time alone. Like others I have to be careful that alone doesn't become isolation. I often work from home so it's easy to slide across that line.
