-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rf36w/how_to_come_clean_with_those_you_care_about/

I failed and got black out drunk over the weekend.  I know what I did wrong and how I could have prevented my relapse. But I was weak and stupid.  I wanted to hurt myself and not exist for that bit of time...During this time I had a scheduled phone call with my Dad for some other life advice.  I knew he was having a rough day when he called me and so I decided to stay on the phone with him instead of making an excuse to get off the phone. (Like talking to a black out drunk daughter would make his day better?)..I am sure he knew I was drunk and I want to come clean with him. I have  a lot of guilt and shame for being in that state when he was offering advice I requested.  He did not know of my drinking issues.  I don't want to disappoint him and have him worry about me...How have you told your loved ones about your problem?  How do you assure them that they were not the ones who failed you?..Thanks for letting me share.
----------immediate responses--------

I handled this in two phases:..1. On the day I quit I emailed my family close friends and drinking buddies to tell them that I was making some changes in my life to be healthier and quitting drinking was one of them..1. For my family (my parents my wife's parents my brother) I went to their house and had a sit down with them.  I talked to them about how I was quitting that I was getting support and that it was really important to me to have their support.  I allowed them to ask any questions they wanted and I'd answer them honestly.  When appropriate I apologized for past behaviors...That worked really well for me.
 &gt;How do you assure them that they were not the ones who failed you?..Through my actions and not my words.  Especially in my early stages of sobriety my words were meaningless and quite honestly I was not capable of dealing with it in a proper way.  So I kept my head down my hands in my pockets and shuffled off to work on my sobriety every single day.  
You managed to get three super wise members to respond! Kudos!..After reading their comments I think it's evident that the best approach is your approach.  Are you the kind of person who shares and tells people things easily or would going and talking about your personal life be totally out of character for you?..I thought about it like this if I was diagnosed as insulin-dependent diabetic.....1. Who would need to know in order to keep me alive and sane?  (these are the people aware of what you are doing on the daily or could be &amp; help with accountability)..2. Who would care and want to know because they loved me support me and deserve to be in the know? (these are the people that are considerate and may even embrace the healthier life themselves to some degree)..3. Who will find out through observation or if/in time? (these are the people that are around occasionally) ..My answers were this:..1.  There are people in my life who I choose to be very transparent with it keeps me honest &amp; alive.  My husband and my parents are the people I would give power of attorney to and the right to make medical decisions on my behalf if I am ever incapacitated. ...2.  My sister brother and lifelong friends love me endlessly and want what's best for me and are always supportive.  I told them out of respect for our relationship and the nature of give and take that friendship relies on.  I told my mother-in-law because she's been sober for 12 years and I needed someone to explain things to me as only a former addict can....3.  Extended family my boss more casual friends...people who don't really need to know probably won't notice.....
Thank you for posting about this I have been wondering the same thing: how do I tell them that it's a problem and it's more than what they see? How do I tell my Mom I'm stopping when I've told her so many times before that I was then my sobriety ending after a month and getting back into the same cycle? I appreciate you sharing because it's helped me think about stuff. 
Thank you everyone for your responses.  I have decided to email my Dad first then follow up with a call as meeting in person is not an option. ..EDIT:  I made this choice because I do not see my Dad often.  Until this instance I am 90% sure he had no idea I had a problem.  ..EDIT EDIT:  I guess I have changed my mind.  I have this large email written and will send it if appropriate after drying out for a few more days and after my next therapy session (haha!)
