-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rneer/finally_asked_my_wife_about_my_drinking/

So I finally asked my wife last night if I was an alcoholic. I could see her struggling with her answer and that's when I knew she wanted to say yes but didn't know how...I think the hardest part for me was the fact that my life isn't 100% ruined by alcohol. I can and have kept my drinking to 'acceptable' levels at times. I've stopped drinking for a few weeks in the past when I've gotten out of hand but every time I slip back into just having a beer after work. Which turns into having two beers every night with more on weekends. Which turns into 3 beers a night and bingers on weekends until I have a bad enough night that I start over. ..My wife told me for the first time that her parents and several of her friends have expressed worry about her being with me because of my drinking. A lot of my family are current or former alcoholics so I thought I was doing well compared to them. But I realized that just because I wasn't the worst drunk or at my lowest didn't mean I'm not an alcoholic. What hit me like a truck during our conversation was when my wife said "It's just hard to imagine you without alcohol being a part of your life". Who cares if I can kind of keep my drinking in line when it's become something so prevalent my own wife has trouble separating me from it...I haven't had a drink since a particularly rough NYE and I don't plan to start my cycle again. I'm too lucky and have too many good things in my life to jeopardize them for booze.
----------immediate responses--------

First of all awesome post great strides today and I am so happy you are here and have some sober days.  ..&gt; I think the hardest part for me was the fact that my life isn't 100% ruined by alcohol. I can and have kept my drinking to 'acceptable' levels at times. I've stopped drinking for a few weeks in the past when I've gotten out of hand but every time I slip back into just having a beer after work. Which turns into having two beers every night with more on weekends. Which turns into 3 beers a night and bingers on weekends until I have a bad enough night that I start over...ME TOO.  This kept me from quitting years ago when I knew deep down that I should.  Drinking every day in the morning and living under a bridge are not the only symptoms of an alcoholic though we "functioning" folks like to think that when we are wrestling with quitting don't we?  :)..&gt; But I realized that just because I wasn't the worst drunk or at my lowest didn't mean I'm not an alcoholic. What hit me like a truck during our conversation was when my wife said "It's just hard to imagine you without alcohol being a part of your life". Who cares if I can kind of keep my drinking in line when it's become something so prevalent my own wife has trouble separating me from it...My partner said the same thing.  he was like "But...you're the fun high functioning drinker.  I have always known you as that.  I can't imagine you never drinking again can you?"  And I couldn't.  And that's when I knew I had to stop...Seriously thanks for this. You have given me renewed reasons to keep it up today.  I'm so glad you're here with us.  Stick around I'm gonna hold you to all of this.  :)
Wow this is great.  Good for you.  So how about some recovery meetings?
This is great.  Imagine if  you HAD waited until your life was 100% ruined because of alcohol.  How much would that have sucked?..I know it's hard to see what a happy life can be like without alcohol at this point but trust me I'm happier more social and busier (in a good way) than I've ever been...Keep it up!  6 days is amazing!
&gt;I think the hardest part for me was the fact that my life isn't 100% ruined by alcohol...That struck a chord for me. I kept waiting for life to get bad enough so that I would *have* to stop drinking. It wouldn't be a choice that I'd have to make (because that was hard because things weren't 100% fucked) it would be imposed on me and sobriety would arrive Venus on the half-shell. When things got bad enough...Of course it didn't happen. I had to go find sobriety and chase it down and make it mine. ..Good for you in figuring this out.
Your story reminds me of something a recovered alcoholic told me. She realized she wasn't at the severe end of the spectrum of alcoholism but did notice its impact on her ability to be a good mother and wife.. She decided to pursue sobriety (20+ years for her now) because as she's put it "I don't have to ride the elevator all the way to the top to know where I'm headed". ..You can get off the 'elevator' at any time but if you think you're headed up (or down whatever it's a metaphor) it might be time to step off before you've really screwed things up. Trust your instincts but not your addiction. Best of luck. 
This is a very intelligent and mature post and your wife sounds great.  ..It's pretty rare for booze to entirely destroy someone's life all at once barring an arrest or a horrible accident.   It's much more common for it to steal a chunk of your life here some of your health there and a relationship every once in awhile.   Next thing you know you're 50 and alcohol is the number one thing in your life.  ..And what do you get in return?   Nothing.  It stopped being "fun" long long ago.  All it gives you is temporary relief from the anxiety of not having it.   It couldn't be more useless.  ..Please do stick around!   Lots of truly great people here.  Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for this.  It took me some time to realize that just because my bottom wasn't as low as others didn't mean it wasn't low enough for me.  It took sitting in a room with others struggling with addiction (alcohol and drugs) in rehab and having my story validated to help me recognize this.  We each get to decide when enough is enough and need not look to others to define what bad enough is.  ..A reminder I can always us as I continue this journey that is MY sobriety. 
&gt;But I realized that just because I wasn't the worst drunk or at my lowest didn't mean I'm not an alcoholic. ..If you had to be the "worst drunk" in order to give it up and live sober there'd be exactly one sober alcoholic on earth and one lonely SOB that would be.
I could've written this exact post though my wife doesn't think others know the true extent of my drinking.
I was in the same position with my partner of 12 years.  He told me he couldn't see me as a non-drinker but nor could he see himself staying around to watch me continue to self destruct.   I was stuck in the mindset of "it's not that bad I can handle it".  After another year of his hoping I'd do something positive and not seeing it he left.  It took me another 18 months to finally make the decision 6 days ago.  I'm lucky in that he hasn't given up on me and while our intimate relationship is over he is still my best friend and greatest ally.   Your wife sounds like a wonderful person and she is clearly worried for you.  Hold onto that.  My ex is the only person I have told that I've stopped and even though he is sceptical (he's heard it too many before) he has promised to be there if I need support.   I can imagine your wife would be the same.  Please don't take her scepticism as a lack of faith - she will have her own issues around your drinking and that is to be expected - it doesn't mean she's not there for you.  She wouldn't have had that difficult conversation if she didn't have hope.  As a fellow 6-dayer congratulations and i look forward to watching our days build up together.
I'm right there with you.  My life hasn't been 100% ruined by alcohol - hell it probably hasn't even been 50% ruined by it. I kind of feel like maybe I don't have that big of a problem when I read a lot of the stories here...But the end is the same too. "I'm too lucky and have too many good things in my life to jeopardize them for booze."
Hello and welcome. ..It sounds like alcohol is just beginning to ruin your life.  The elevator only goes down from here...Awesome that you got off at this floor.   My floor was a few lower but I did manage to get off before my life crashed and burned. ..It's nice to feel my wife's pride rather than the constant shame.  ...We're rooting for you. Keep us updated will ya?
You remind me of me. I get into the same cycle of having a beer after work which inevitably leads to binging and back into the old habits. Every time I "take a break" from drinking people are shocked and say they can't imagine me without a beer. Its an eye opener.
One of my biggest realizations when I began with my own sobriety was that every alcoholic believes they are a "functioning alcoholic". It's actually a totally meaningless phrase. We're all functioning until we're dead or in jail. It's just not a good enough excuse to ignore the problem. "Barely functioning" is no way to live. Good luck to you.
*chugs a drink* CHOO CHOO all aboard to the downward spiral incoming within t-minus 300 days or less...What you're saying is about oh 5-6 months prior to my breakup with my soul-mate...Alcohol isn't worth it man. I finally figured it out until I had to lose nearly everything (her included) and go on a mental bender so bad... just please dont.
...2 beers every night? C'mon man. That's nothing. Sounds like you have other issues. After 2 beers I'm looking for a real drink.
Pretty much parallel with my story. Keep at it and pm me if you feel like you should be pming someone. 
It's good to know I'm not the only one in this situation. I feel like I have almost the exact same story. After New Year's Day this year I attempted to check myself into a clinic hoping they would take me in for a few days to detox my system. Turns out they wanted a huge chunk of money for that so I decided if it was something I wanted I could do it myself; those cold sweats and shaking sucked. Has only been since the 2nd that I haven't had a drink but it's the biggest streak in a long time and I really want to keep it up! Hope things go well for you too!
This makes me almost tear up since it reminds me of a pretty similar conversation i had a long time ago. Unfortunately i realized to slow down my drinking after we broke up. ..I wish you best of success not luck to beat that inner demon we all share!..And kudos to your wife :)
"It's just hard to imagine you without alcohol being a part of your life"...What your wife said is what we thought about our Dad when we were growing up - partly because he was pretty unhappy and difficult when he didn't drink ... so in some ways we didn't like it when he tried to stop.  ..It's a shame because my best memories of him are drinking and singing around the piano with extended family.  So somehow I have to put into practice the happy times minus the booze...Good luck my_toesies you've got us all thinking - and supporting you!  
Very very close to my situation. My wife also hinted that if had been to keep drinking as I was she fully expected it to get worse in retirement and she likely would not have stuck around. This was said in very calm and measured tones after I asked for frank and open discussion quite a while after I stopped. I like your last sentence! Great decision!
I had to start looking upwards instead of downwards to regain sanity.
I feel honored to bump the upvotes for this post to triple digits.
