-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rrk2i/struggling_to_endure/

 Last year has been the hardest year of my life. I lied about my diagnosis and joined the army. During OSUT ( basic and MOS training combined) i excelled and became a leader in my class. Once in my unit I slowly fell into depression and periods of mania. I got help with the army's behavioral health and got put on medication. None of it helped much. I began drinking heavily which made everything worse. I became suicidal. I eventually joined AA and got sober for 6 months. My sponsor was extremely helpful and my mood improved. I eventually got chaptered with an honorable discharge which was lucky because they could of got me with fraudulent enlistment. In late November I returned home. Everyone I used to know have become a poor lot. I feel lonelier than ever. I began using and drinking again which was no surprise considering my many years of addiction problems. I am sober now and back in AA and also work out and meditate regularly. My mood has yet to change. I began talking to a girl back in Denver which we liked each other. I used her as something to hold on to and got attached. We have now stopped talking. My most loving and positive friends live back in Denver which I plan to return to but my car broke down and I am stuck for the time being. I feel lonely helpless and trapped. I am sick of my mind and my thoughts. I feel ready to blast my head into oblivion. I stay busy and take medication but I can't help my worrying. I am a damn man and feel like a whimp. But I feel done and through. I need to endure. I need to smile again. But I never felt so alone.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you gone back to AA since you got discharged?  When you were doing AA you said your mood improved.  Maybe it will help again...Maybe some volunteer work would give you the socializing and rewarding work you need...Hang in there bud.
You are a vet and entitled to use the VA and Military One Source hotlines! Also as JBH mentioned it might be helpful to go back to an AA meeting. Feel free to pm me :D
You're not alone if you work an AA program or if you regularly post on SD.  
