-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rvf57/lurker_finally_saying_hi/

Long time lurker first time poster here. Created an account just for my recovery since my regular one identifies me personally (my name is not Matt Talbot - he's an historical Catholic I look to for hope and strength)...My "stop drinking" date is 6/17/2014 and 3 relapses later my sobriety date is 12/23/14...I had my first drink when I was 8 years old as part of first communion and yes even then I learned to take bigger gulps to get a buzz. As an altar server I would sneak drinks in back and that progressed to full-blown binging in high school...Now I'm in my late 20's and I spent most of the last 15 years being blackout drunk. Got a couple MICs and 2 DUI's. 3 treatments. Almost ruined my marriage too. I was to the point where I was starting to get the dangerous withdrawal symptoms and suicide was looking more and more attractive each time I drank...Today I try taking things slowly and on life's terms I pray for strength often and I'm a regular attendee of AA and I have a sponsor. I also attend NA meetings to address some drug use I did but even that drug use was mostly to make the alcohol have a greater effect on me. I found in recovery that pornography was also something that would return me straight back into active addict mode so I've deleted those files from my hard drive and deleted my porn reddit account...2014 was a year I was sober more days than drinking. The last time I had a year like that was 2003. Even though I've had 3 stumbles in the last 6 months I've found that I'm more stable I feel healthier I (generally) make better decisions and I'm less angry. I feel more at ease with myself and I'm able to like the person I see in the mirror more. People around me also like me alot more...I look forward to finally participating in the community and leaning on and being leaned on by everyone here!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and glad you are here.  Look forward to learning from you as we move forward in sobriety together.
[deleted]
Welcome!  Congratulations on your achievements in recovery...This was a great post to read.  I would guess you're around my age (turning 30 this year) and one thing we have in common is early exposure to alcohol.  I remember my first time drunk at age 2 after my dad gave me too many sips of his wine at a party...Join me in not drinking just for today.  Thank you for sharing your wisdom.
Hey welcome! I look to Matt Talbot too. I'm also fond of St. Augustine and even St. Francis had a little bit of a wild youth!
Great post. It often feels like I'm starting a great journey. It's scary but so many have done this before and succeeded. Please keep in touch. Reading everyone's story's has put my life into perspective. ..Those three stumbles do not define you. Your persistence and empathy toward the people around you is what makes you awesome. 
Welcome /u/matt_talbot to r/stopdrinking--here in Cleveland the Matt Talbot House is an alcohol recovery facility so your username resonated for me.  Good luck and I hope you will continue to post and comment as you go along.
Welcome Lurker Skyrwarker. Let's do this together.
Hello matt_talbot..We're almost twins - Catholic - alcoholics and this afternoon I will be at 17 days like you (time difference).  It seems like the proverbial miracle to be 17 days sober and while alcohol is on my mind a lot I like the fact that my son can come into my room to get the ironing board etc and I don't have a made scramble to hide alcohol.  Somehow I talked myself into thinking even though he's an adult if he didn't see the bottles he would not know I was drinking!  Yes I'm a genius!!  ..I will stay sober today and know you will too.
Awesome!!! 
Cheers to 17 days of sobriety! 
Well howya Matt Talbot  there is a street in my city named after Matt Talbot.  There is also a bridge named after him.  Congrats on getting over the Christmas and New year drink free.  Can't have been easy but it sounds like you have got a good recovery network going.  Keep it up.  My first year  I had two slips one after 7 mths and then another after 5 it was a messy time but not as messy as when I was a full time dipso.
Good job coming as far as you have. It seems like you've learned from your stumbles and have used them to build traction. I can relate if I hadn't relapsed so many times I most likely wouldn't be sober today. There's an opportunity in every "mistake." Keep it up!
