-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ry6l7/loss_of_a_friend/

Spent the last few hours with a dear friend of mine. His best friend a person I knew and cared for completed the ultimate sacrifice. The two of them were in a year long rehab program that I completed. The program is heavily dependent on faith as a way to treat addiction and even though I finished it I struggled greatly as an atheist. The two of them share my lack of belief and we bonded over that common ground. Tonight has been a rough and the two us that are left had a long and great conversation. Topics ranged from depression religion and the meaning of life. My involvement in the AA program as an atheist has never been more challenged and my frustrations about the program as a whole really is starting to blossom. The two of us that are left in the group talked about the whole higher power concept and the attempts the AA program makes to convert alcoholics into Christians. I've talked about this issue with other atheists and at a recent step study it became clearer and clearer what this whole deal is about. We read the Chapter 4 of the Big Book. It's titled "We Agnostics" and I always tried to over look the comments it made about atheists. However I can't do it no more and a friend I valued lost his life today over this ignorance that "let go and let god" is the cure for a legitimate medical problem. There are other factors in play but his isolation in the rehab program and the prejudice of the AA program was a big one. AA is not for atheists. The Big Book states that there is no hope for atheists atheism is for the weak minded and that atheism will lead to death. This is wrong and atheists can stay sober. For those who are like minded and are struggling to fit into AA please know that you can do this. The AA book is one hundred percent wrong on this issue. There is hope for you I am an atheist and I am in recovery. Another message I wanted to carry out is that depression is not just self-pity that can be fixed with a little can do attitude. Real medical help should be sought and not just kind advice from a meeting. You matter and your life matters.  You have a unique perspective in this world and with your death a whole world ceases to exist. I love you all.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry about your friend.  You are right-depression is not self-pity or weakness and medical advice is invaluable.  I know you can find a recovery support plan that will work for you.  While I am active in AA my experience hasn't been that attempts are being made to turn me into a Christian.  But that is only my experience...I am sending positive energy your way.
I'm very sorry about your friend.....I'm an atheist. I've been one ever since I was a small child and it occurred to me that there was no Santa Clause Tooth Fairy... Or God. Sorry if this offends anyone but this is my personal belief...I live in South Arkansas and if you don't know the south... Not to generalize but your average person assumes you are a christian. Atheism is often looked at like a disorder. That is why I have opted out on going to AA. They are held at churches here and personally I'm just not doing it. My only outside support for this problem is this sub right here... And maybe that makes me a fool but I'm still going for it...I don't know you but I have a strange feeling of pride knowing that you have gone well over a year (if your badge is right) without drinking and you don't have faith in a higher power...I'm very sorry about your loss again. I hope you continue to be strong. I know I'm looking forward to a life without alcohol. :.)
[deleted]
My condolences on the loss of your friend...AA is officially NOT religious.  Your experience with AA is not mine nor I imagine most peoples'; although I agree that AA would strongly benefit from a Big Book revision.  I need to bear in mind fundamentally AA does need fixing as much as I need fixing.  
I am sorry for your loss. One of the best things I did for my sobriety was to become an atheist. I had been stuck at Step 3 waiting for some external force to make me sober. I decided to take the reins into my own hands. I turned my life and will over to MY care. It was liberating to no longer have to squint my eyes and twist my logic to pretend to fit into an organization that truly was not like me. Those compromises were a huge road block to getting sober - and they had nothing to do with sobriety. 
There's certainly a belief in AA and the higher power - and that we are powerless.  I struggled with all of that as well as going over and over all the bad things that we had done in our past.  Particularly the speakers - I could have said their speech for them I heard the same stuff over and over again.  ..I like this site because we look at the here and now and look forward if we want to.  Or we can look backwards.  But I never feel powerless to overcome alcohol.  This site has given me the courage to say I can do it; it's tough but I can do it!  With the words of encouragement of all of you too.  We're in this together.  ..i often ask people who write in (in my whole 17 days of sobriety) if they've seen a doctor when they talk about anxiety and depression.  ..I may go to AA simply to meet people who are sober and I need to talk to someone in person and make some friends.  Especially as most of you seem to be in America which is not just around the corner for me unfortunately...Let's stay sober for today.  Sorry for your loss.
Great strides are being made in the study of the brain in regards to addiction. Science will be able to explain and give us a cure. I am glad science isn't stopping it's research because it's beyond the realm of man to understand the mysteries of a higher power. From Neil Degrasse: "THE PERIMETER OF IGNORANCE A boundary where scientists face a choice: invoke a deity or continue the quest for knowledge" AA helps some people there is no denying but what is it really that is helping? Obviously we know as atheists that it's not a god or gods. That something is our brains so something in our brains can overcome addiction. As someone who struggles with addiction this gives me great power and hope to overcome.
Good post. Best wishes. 
I don't understand how people can say they don't believe in a power greater than themselves.  I just look at something like gravity.  That's a power that is strong enough to move planets.  I can't see it but we know it's there.  
I'm sorry for your loss /u/TwentyEnvelope..Going to the doctor to ask for help for my depression was almost as hard as walking into a room for the first time. Only because I had learned that I had the power to affect big changes in my life was able to get medical help. I'm sorry that your friend was not able to find relief.
What a thought provoking post. Thank you..I am so sorry for your loss..It sounds like you are very clear on all this and 466 days is impressive as hell.
Yes it always makes me grit my teeth when it is rexommended that Atheists read the Agnostics chapter in the Big Book. Have people READ that chapter especially the second half? Tends to go with the well-meaning quips and isms that get passed around meetings as answers to common AA questions and struggles...but without any actual thought involved. ..I am sorry about your friend.
Very sorry about your loss...You can count me on the side of being recovered without God. I look at both AA and Allen Carr as being not perfect but both with very good lessons to learn..Many use "higher power" as a metaphor for strength nature mind over matter or whatever they chose.Any belief or support system that helps people realize that alcohol is a bad drug that they must stop using to improve their life is okay by me.
Very sorry about the loss of your friend. As a fellow atheist I always felt my inventory was being taken by almost everyone in the room for that fact alone. Best of luck in your continued recovery.
I am sorry to hear about the loss of your friend.  That is devastating...I am also an atheist and had similar struggles with AA in the past...Yesterday I spent some time checking out SMART recovery meetings - I am not *advocating* since I've never gone but I plan to go to one this week just to check it out.  Maybe you can see if there are any in your area (or check out the online meetings)?  It might be a  good alternative for you...Just for today I won't drink.  Join me?
