-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2s0txb/benzos_one_week_down_and_talking_to_doctor_on/

So my story is that I went a month without drinking and then had a relapse when my friend wanted to go bar hopping. I failed because my overall stress level got to the point that I just went "To hell with it" and fell off the wagon hard. This continued for two days then I got back on the horse and here I am one week later...My doctor gave me ativan (I have had the script for awhile @ .5 MG) to help out with the stress but I am really hesitant to take it. I noticed that when I am trying to get to sleep at night I get minor tremors in the muscles of my hip and leg...Besides this I feel completely fine besides some minor sweats from time to time. My concern is that these are still existent after a week when it seems that any "shakes" people have usually go away in a few days. Do any of you guys think that the minor tremors might be related to the medication instead of the sudden drinking?..Also what sort of things should I talk to my Dr about I am really nervous to tell her about how much of a screw up I am. I just want to make some sort of plan to deal with stress that doesn't involve getting plastered with my friends...
----------immediate responses--------

Tell your doctor the truth. That's the only way you'll get the help you need. I can't tell if you're taking the medication. Alcoholism is a disease not a moral issue so to your doctor this is a medical problem. Be honest. Withdrawal from alcohol would likely be finished by a week from last drink. Similar withdrawal symptoms would occur from ativan. ..In order to deal with stress I got a therapist and went to AA meetings. It worked for me. 
Tell the doctor exactly what you told us: those symptoms and how you're wondering if it's related to the drugs or if it's withdrawal symptoms.  Then be honest about your drinking habits.  There's nothing to be ashamed about in front of any doctor worth their weight.  You have legitimate medical questions that need to be addressed and any good doctor will want to address them.
Another vote for telling your doctor the truth.  They're there to help you not to judge you...No one gets here by being perfect and it's a good bet we've all felt like complete screw-ups sometimes.  Being completely honest with the people you need to be (like medical support) is a great way to start getting help...Congrats on your 1 week!
+1 on being open with your doctor...I have found meditation very helpful in reducing stress and anxiety with no side effects besides feeling good. Google it tons of good resources on how to get started. 
