-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2s1g6s/i_hold_the_hospital_record_for_triglyceride_count/

triglycerides are the natural fats in blood. A very high count is 500mg/dL. I hold the record at my local hospital at 3400mg/dL. I was very lucky to find this out before I got pancreatitis. The first time I sobered up I lowered it from 3400 to 126 in 3 months with the help of medication. I was supposed to go back to the doctor in another 3 months for a followup. Instead I went back to drinking.....I have a little machine that I can measure triglycerides at home. It is sort of like testing blood sugar with a little drop of blood. I struggled for a year to keep this under 500. Over the past months of sobriety I noticed it trending downward. Instead of weekly measurements of 350-500 I had 300s and 200s. I delayed going back to the doctor for almost a year and a half because I didn't want to be put on drugs to control triglycerides and cholesterol...After the new year I decided to get the doctors appointment over with. I've been waiting all week to get the phone call to go talk to my doctor to get my drugs. Today I got a letter that says things are nice and stable and I only need to go back later this year for a checkup! In this case no alcohol means no drugs. My liver has healed enough to manage triglycerides on its own. ..The moral of the story is if you're putting off blood work don't! It can both save your life and be good news. I don't post much but I am on IRC everyday. This post wouldn't be possible without the fine folks there.
----------immediate responses--------

Strong resolve - great results - congratulations!
&gt;My liver has healed enough to manage triglycerides on its own...Priceless!
When are bodies are treated nicely they nearly always deliver!
Holy crap.  Wow.  I'm glad to hear consistent sobriety is improving your health...whew.  
I have had pancreatitis. 8 days of hell unimaginable pain and NO FOOD OR WATER for at least 4 days. Just crushed ice a couple times a day by nurse discretion. ..Morphine barely took the edge off just enough to sleep...Can confirm you DO NOT WANT PANCREATITIS. Pure hell.
