-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2s43hm/anyone_here_have_a_long_period_of_sobriety_with/

Hello fellow sober redditors! A little background on my self; I recently quit drinking 45 days ago and attended inpatient treatment and am following up with outpatient classes and doing 90 meetings in 90 days...I think aa is an awesome program and can't deny it had worked for millions of people from all walks of life. I understand the concept of a higher power is strictly limited to one's own understanding and can be anything from the Christian God to the power of the people in the rooms to a doorknob. ..I am an atheist and generally believe in physical reductionist accounts of what constitutes consciousness. ie. Any state of consciousness is reducible to a particular brain state...So nonetheless I struggle with defining what higher power means to me. The best conception I have is collective knowledge as in the wisdom compiled in the AA texts and those in the rooms. But fail to attribute this to any higher power as my understanding of this just reduces to my brain state while perceiving these things...So I ask do any of you share any similar views or have any experiences with the program?
----------immediate responses--------

How fucking cool is the brain. The brain is sometimes my higher power.
I look at Higher Power as just mind over matter..By resolving  sincerely enough and frequently enough while changing your actions continuously and consistantly you force the unconscious brain loops to change...I just read .Memoirs Of An Addicted Brain.By Marc Lewis..An excellent book  .Geeky brain science mixed with addiction reality...It explains how addiction is created by mixing the authors own story of heroin addiction with his new understanding of it decades later as a scientist studying the brain and addiction...Edit: I kinda went sideways and didnt really answer the question.I dont believe in a god and I dont attend AA meetings. I do believe and apply a lot of what they teach and AA has helped a lot of people.If people chose to take Higher Power as a Christian/Other God and that helps them stay sober its sure okay by me.
[deleted]
I assume you have a sponsor and are working the steps?
A power greater than myself is the collective knowledge of the people who attend AA and beyond.  If I have a problem there is usually someone out there who will be able to help me out.  ..For me my spiritual experience was the ability to ask others for help when I need it and by doing so I am learning all the time.  That is how my thinking changed I am not master of my own destiny anymore I am just part of it...Sounds like you have a good plan good luck on your journey to a spiritual experience.
13 1/2 years clean and I never went to a meeting. I believe programs like AA are fantastic for those it works for it just wasn't for me. I consider my "higher power" to be myself I am fighting the fight for my own personal inner peace. 
I am simply not a spiritual person on top of being an atheist. For me the most important part of all the "higher power" stuff is realizing that I am not a higher power. I have to quit fighting the belief that I can control my drinking. But I also don't have a higher power. The doorknob advice is disingenuous (and silly) and the "brain/nature" idea tends toward being a little too woo-ish for me. The wisdom of the group is great except there is some really stupid shit that gets said at AA meetings because any collective is going to be made up of fallible people. ..It really is okay to take what you want from AA and leave the rest. Probably not an opinion you should ever say out loud if you go to the types of meetings that I do. But it is okay. Trying to reconcile the schism of my inability to believe in a higher power and the Big Book just drove me bonkers. 
FWIW and I am certainly *not* claiming that this is a "long period" of sobriety but I can't claim to have had any spiritual experiences. I was active in AA for about 9 months continuously had a sponsor worked steps 1-4 then at step 5 I got freaked out and called it quits. ..&gt; I am an atheist and generally believe in physical reductionist accounts of what constitutes consciousness...Just wanted to bounce some ideas off of you maybe it will help. I had the idea that concepts like mathematics logic and order might be good candidates for your higher power that is if you're interested in pursuing one within the context of AA. Some concept that is not reducible to your mind. For example mathematical realism holds that mathematics exists independently of the human mind. Just a thought ;).
Maybe I can offer an outside perspective as I'm not an AA person. ..Something happened to me at my last rehab that I would describe as a spiritual experience. I had been struggling with addiction for almost 2 decades (I hit my first rehab at 18 and I was still trying to stop at 35). On the last day of treatment ( I was staying at a temple in Thailand) something changed for me and there was a radical shift in my thinking. I knew I would never drink again and I've not even had one craving since that time.  I don't pretend to know what happened but I'm just glad that it did. ..When it comes to stuff like a 'higher power' I'm a 'don't know' person. I basically think all beliefs are bullshit because they are always going to be a map rather than the terrain. For me the question is not if a belief is ultimately true (which I'm not sure if we can ever know) but if having that belief is going to improve my life. Could this type of pragmatic approach to stuff like a 'higher power' work for you? 
I don't know anything of the spiritual experience described in AA but I know I got sober without AA and it's been a pretty damned spiritual experience. (How's that for a round-about answer? :) )
What you believe is true in this area is vitally important. If you're struggling in this area it may cause you to be sensitive when others express their beliefs ones that are meaningless to you-that you certainly could never accept. When you've locked in what you do believe you may find yourself unconcerned and uninterested when another member gets into the specifics of what they believe is true for themselves. To me there is no more boring subject to have to listen to than the particulars of what a member believes or does not believe...I've known many people in my homegroup for over 30 years and it pleases me that except for a few I've never had to listen to that from them and have only general impressions of what they consider a power greater than themselves. I never share mine with anyone and only encourage them to examine all the different aspects of spirituality they've been exposed to in life and to ask themselves what each means to them. ..After tossing away what they cannot accept as true for themselves they are left with some ideas that are. That is their useful conception. It may expand or shrink as they go forward based on their experiences in sobriety or not at all...none of my concern or anyone else's. As long as they don't take up my time explaining it at length...The point is there is a search within yourself to be made that has zero to do with anyone other than you. You can of course choose to skip making that search for your truth in this area if you prefer but doing that could lead to going through your sobriety continually defensive and sensitive in this area possibly even believing in error that you are being attacked when someone goes on at length about their personal understandings or their lack of same and how important that is to them. ..You probably know some believers in AA. As much as you want to hear about the specifics of their beliefs is pretty close to how badly others want to hear your own. It's for you to work out honestly and to then go forward with whatever it may turn out to be. It will be just fine and enough.
I can't move a couch up some stairs by myself. So I call up a friend &amp; he comes over and helps me move that couch.  A power outside of myself helped me achieve something I could not do (or could not easily do) on my own.  ..I don't think you have to rely on anything spiritual or anything as grand as the collected knowledge of humanity to fill that higher power role. If I'm drowning in the ocean the fisherman who pulls his boat alongside me and reaches out his hand to grasp mine is a fucking god at least as far as my seconds-from-death drowning ass is concerned.  I wouldn't let my distaste for religion or nitpickiness about grammar prevent me from expressing my gratitude in terms that we all understand.  
Spiritual is "of the spirit". It is about things that are real but that we cannot see and touch. Let me give a couple of examples. It is the joy I feel when I see my grandson the beauty of a sunrise the love of another man or woman the satisfaction of helping someone in need. It's the connection I have with a best friend and the laughter we share about a joke that is "just between us" the delight when my dog meets me at the end of the road the satisfaction and pride at a creative effort. Spirituality is what appeals to the spirit of my humanity.  It is gratitude truth health love nature fellowship humor creativity and even simple daily kindness...I am an atheist and learned to apply the steps of AA and ignore the god stuff. By doing that I experienced more spirituality than religion every brought to my life. I have a list of the steps I use. If you are interested pm me.  
