-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2s530j/i_drink_tea_now/

I had my first beer when I was 17. By the time I was 20 I was drinking every day. By the time I was 25 I was on a nonstop bender. I was hiding beers in my closet bathroom cabinets under my bed. So no one would know. Still didn't think that was a red flag. My emotions disappeared. Despite the fact that I continued to "function" at school and work I became a shadow of my former self. I lost a relationship that I valued immeasurably. I went to detox. Shakes. Harrowing agonizing anxiety and pain. Still relapsed. Got a DUI. ..Started lurking on r/stopdrinking. Absurdly I deluded myself into thinking I was the only person in the world with this problem. Turns out I'm not. ..I told my dearest friends everything and they responded by saying they're gonna stop drinking too just to support me. Turns out I have good friends. I love them. I love you guys even though I don't know any of you. ..10 days today...I feel sublimely lucky and tomorrow is going to be a wonderful meaningful sober day...I've never lived up to the expectations I set for myself. From now on I'm going to be the person I've always imagined myself to be. I drink tea now...Thank you r/stopdrinking..
----------immediate responses--------

I love you too!
Thanks for sharing this. I'm right there with you :)
Hurrah! Tea is the shiz! ..Congrats on 10 days. That little 10 in a circle looks good on you! :)
I love you too!  Thanks for sharing so much.  Lurking on this site doesn't seem to be uncommon - guess it's good to know that we're all pretty normal with the same problem.  I'll bet one day we'll start comparing types of tea. :)
Speak gas a life long tea guzzler...... Great story and I'm so impressed with your friends. Humans can be amazing and especially in current times I think it's important that we get reminded of this...There's a whole world of tea out there if you want to get really nerdy! 
Big fan of tea here too..Also ice tea in the summer.Real ice tea with no sugar not that awful sugar sweet stuff many call ice tea.
Earl Grey.  Hot...ALL FREAKING DAY...All hail Lord Bergamot
Welcome to the tea club!
Yeah man I'm all about the tea! Twinings English breakfast is the mutts nuts!
