-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2s61a8/the_first_48/

Hi everyone. After some lurking I've decided to post. A little background:..I've always had issues with drinking but was functional enough that I never worried too much. I attended law school at night while working full time and got married two years ago. Objectively things were pretty great. I graduated a semester early so I decided to just take some time to enjoy being married since I was never home while enrolled. The first five months of 2014 were some of the happiest of my married life. Then came the bar. I took six weeks off of work to study but stress increased and so did drinking. I kept up with my studies and took the exam. However my stress never decreased. I went up to drinking six Narragansett tall boys a night at least. I noticed myself becoming more irritable when I drank especially toward my wife. Even when I wasn't drunk I would snap at her at the drop of a hat. ..At the end of October my results came back. Failed by two points. I lost it and went on a three day bender. My wife walked out each time she came home over the weekend and I seemed drunk. I became more belligerent threatening her and myself. It culminated with my parents coming to get me and take me to their house. After coming back I swore the drinking was over. Unfortunately my swearing wasn't as strong as my cravings. Each weekend I'd binge again. When I wasn't good at hiding it it was the same scenario as when I failed. She'd get angry and go to walk out I'd try to stop her we'd scream at and shove each other and finally she'd leave. In mid-December I said no more of this and started attending SMART meetings. It was going pretty well up until this weekend. I hadn't had a drink in about three weeks and I woke up in the middle of the night. I've always had problems sleeping (a lot of my drinking stems from this) and I came across some vodka and wine in the kitchen that my wife and her sister had been drinking. One swig that's all. I can do it. I'll have one sip and fall asleep. No one has to know...Fast forward to the morning. I wake up drunk confronted by my wife at the foot of the bed with both of the bottles half-empty. Cue usual fight scene. Nastiness exchanged via text for the next 24 hours. Threats of divorce. Insults. It calmed down after a bit and I said I would be calling her friend's boyfriend a former substance abuse counselor former addict and AA sponsor. After talking for an hour we went to a meeting. I've never been a fan of AA but it's a useful distraction. Afterward my wife called. She stayed at her sister's again last night and is coming home after work tonight. I'm committed to beating this. I don't want to lose my marriage to something so stupid...However there are still underlying issues. She wants me to spend the weekends with my parents for the next month or so. I said this is out of the question. My relationship with my parents is good but I consider being at their house to be a trigger (it becomes a reminder of isolation and drinking in my 20s my dad is overbearing about this issue and my mom has gone behind my back recently I can explain if necessary). My wife is adamant that I do it. I said that being apart isn't going to fix anything that we need to learn how to work on this plus I need to use my spare time for bar studying and finding new meetings in the area. I know I've put her through a lot but walking away from each other every time there is a problem isn't fixing anything. I know I made my bed and I have to lie in it but I don't want to spend time with my parents. Is there any better way to explain this? Or let the issue lie until Friday and show her I can go without relapsing. ..Cheers folks. Looking forward to living with a clear head.
----------immediate responses--------

It seems that there is a lot of issues on your plate and I sure wont comment about who should move out or who is right or wrong..I failed in relationships for a long time mostly because of my drinking and being involved with other troubled people..As an outsider I think you both could use councelling together to figure this out..In the early stages stopping drinking completely now can only help..Take care of yourself.
Thanks for sharing and welcome. It sounds like you're facing some consequences from drinking and it sounds like you've got the start of a plan to try to get on a better path. That is awesome...I don't really understand why your wife wants you gone on weekends.  What would that achieve?  Why is she asking that you do that?  
Welcome! It sounds like your wife might need some space. Do you think that might be one of the reasons why she wants you to spend weekends with your parents?..If so maybe the two of you can come up with another arrangement? It can be very hard on our loved ones to watch us confront our drinking. While this is usually the time we want their support most it's not always fair to them. Other people in recovery usually end up being a more sustainable support network...That being said I do understand that being with your parents could be a trigger. So maybe you could negotiate just a weekend or two to start with your family to see how it goes or stay with friends instead? I think it's important to make some sort of gesture to your wife to let her know you are serious. This is probably new territory for her as well.
Yeah it's scary man. I've gone through very similar events all of them cringe worthy. Since I've stopped drinking arguments have gone down dramatically it's like I remember more and analyze the discussion better which results in a faster resolution. Except when my wife is drinking then it's a mixed bag lol
Welcome /u/Sonofchinaski to r/stopdrinking--or at least welcome out of lurkerdom.  It's great that you are doing SMART meetings.  One of the most important things I did in early sobriety was immerse myself in AA meetings.  I try to offer the [Baby Steps post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) to all newcomers as well as part of my greeting but since you've been lurking I assume you have already read and  considered it.  If not there it is.  Good luck to you as we move forward.  
