-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2s690w/im_sick_and_tired_of_being_sick_and_tired/

Hi everyone. First off you are all awesome. Thank you for sharing your stories and struggles and successes. Because of this subreddit (I discovered it about three months ago) last week I stopped drinking for five consecutive days ... a first in three years. ..My history is common. I have an alcoholic dad in recovery (sober this time for eight years!) and alcoholism runs in my family. But the other thing is that I didn't start drinking until I was 35. (That's the same year I started drinking coffee.) I think I kept myself so clean in so many ways because I WAS NOT GOING TO TURN INTO HIM. Well I have turned into him because I thought I could moderate it control it deserve it etc etc...My dad missed my wedding eight years ago because he was drunk. But we have a good relationship now and when I visit him in Florida he invites me to open meetings just to go with him and meet his friends. He wants to share this part of his life and as part of the steps he apologized for missing the wedding. He has awesome friends there and now I'm familiar with the program and how it's not really about the drinking ... it's the thinking. I was never really introduced to Al-Anon because my mom hated it. But that's another story...Anyways so here I am because the red flags have been popping up in my life. Missing work. Other people commenting on my drinking. My SO expressing concern. But I don't want to go to AA because I still have that stupid thing of NOT TURNING INTO HIM. But this subreddit and you all are great. Like I said I didn't drink for five days straight last week. Then I drank two bottles of wine this weekend. And I really didn't enjoy it. I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired and falling into that trap of JUST ONE DRINK over and over. That's another red flag right?..Thanks for listening. Sorry for the all caps. I'm mad at myself today. Mostly I just wanted to say thanks. This is all very new. The admitting.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm right there with ya...day 1 for me.  My mom always says we have "the gene" in our family so I can relate.  My family is just full of people who love to drink themselves to death.  Best of luck to you!
Welcome! Don't beat yourself up too bad it's not going to accomplish anything. Turn that frustration into something positive maybe some determination to stay sober. ..Your title reminds me of something.  When I was going into rehab I downloaded a bunch of albums I thought I might want to listen to.  While lying on my bed in rehab one day listening to music a song came on and some of the lyrics were *'I'm sick of laying down / Sick of playing dead / Sick of being sick / Think I'm sick in the head.'*  I laughed to myself and thought 'yeah sounds about right.'
I literally have said the exact same thing as you did in your title. You should channel your frustration into positive actions (as suggested by the wise /u/Seriousboozebag). The thing I love about being sober is that every morning I wake up and immediately feel proud of myself for not drinking the day before. What a difference it makes to start the day with a celebration rather than feeling hungover and wondering what the hell I did/said. Makes you feel like a real badass.
Welcome! If AA is not helping or too much right now you might check out [Smart Recovery] (http://www.smartrecovery.org/). It has helped me immensely. 
