-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2s8a4p/a_few_big_events_recently/

So later today my badge will tick over to 6 days sober which is incredible but I just wanted to share what has been going on and the struggle it has been.  I was asked to update about my 30th birthday which is today.  It's only 12:03 in the afternoon here in Australia and I have not had a drink.  I was worried about it for a long time but just decided to stop thinking about it and it seemed to help...Also last night one of my friends came over.  She is one of those girls that drink constantly but "doesn't have a problem".  She came over to watch a couple movies and brought over some wine.  She asked permission first which was cool of her because she knew I was fighting for sobriety.  I told her she could because I wanted to test myself.  It fucking worked and I was able to refuse a drink even though she was drinking a lot.  I am so proud of myself and in such early days of sobriety this was a huge accomplishment which brings me to my next point...Thank you all for everything.  You have all been so understanding and helpful while staying sober.  This problem that we all share is something that can affect and has affected us is such big and various ways.  But every time I talk to you or post in here my mind is at peace and it's that much easier to say "I will not drink today" or "No thank you I'm sober now".  You are all amazing people and I just hope that I can help you as much as you all have helped me already.  Here is to making it a week sober :)
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink TODAY in solidarity with you /u/iceman77!
It's a good sign you were able to abstain while your friend was over. I was worried how sobriety would go on my birthday as well so I decided to go hiking instead which I hadn't done in a long time.....Just a couple more days and you will be at 1 week!.
Happy Birthday Iceman! And congrats on that 6th day too. I won't drink today with you as well. I'm learning there are more of us early 30's on here (I'm 31) and that it makes me feel less alone knowing there are people my age struggling through this too. I don't feel old but I definitely don't feel young lol. Thanks for posting and have a great b-day!
Happy Birthday /u/iceman77 ! How does it feel to remember your 30th?! Sadly I turned 30 during my drinking days and blacked out. I have a vague memory of puking out the side of someone's car. Somehow - severely hungover the following morning and on the first day of the NFL regular season - my alcoholic mind thought it was brilliant to meet friends at the bar to watch the games and start drinking at noon to kill the hangover. Took me another 2 years to call it quits. Congrats on a week and keep it up!..
