-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2s968v/is_getting_outted_just_inevitable/

Is getting ousted just inevitable? ...So there I was this past weekend at my cousins marriage. Suitted up and sober (two things I probably could not do at the same time during my drinking days) they get married and announce they are going to go for some burgers and beer. throwaway24560000 we are going to [great craft beer bar in town] have you heard of it? why yes I have. [fuck craft beer was my goddamn poison] We get there my dad is there (who I haven't spoken to in like a year and a half so it's pretty awkward I also think he is oblivious to me being an alcoholic but I haven't opened any of his letters so I don't know) and we all sit down. My cousin says she's going to get wine and I say that if you're going to go to a craft beer bar you might as well drink the craft beer and recommend to her some of the local favorites. Then  a round of drinks come in and I just say that i'm going to have water. they seem rather concerned that i'm not drinking and looking back it's perfectly understandable. they had just got married time of celebration a proper cheers isn't valid unless it's with something with alcohol in it right? they ask again if i'm sure I don't want to grab a cocktail or a beer and I just say I don't like the liquid calories and that I'm trying to keep an eye on my weight. She downs a good bit of her pint and remarks that it's very good and if I would like to try it. I decline saying I have tried it before etc. By the way everyone at the table is South American and therefore tend to be a bit frank in how they converse. She announces that I do not drink when her new husband asks why I don't have a beer later on. My dad already knows something is up because he knew me back when I drank and knows that I didn't turn down a beer when given the chance. ...So we all finish our meals and everyone is kind of at the end of their drinks and I realize it's kind of the threshold point of whether or not they are going to continue drinking or leave. I jump ship early and try to pay a part of the tab before husband tells me to beat it. ...So my cousin is no idiot. she knows three things that A. I know about what to drink at a craft beer bar B. that I am fine with stuffing my face with wings and a cheeseburger but that I don't enjoy liquid calories  and C. that I did drink once before but that I won't even taste it now. And with how much I know is being talked behind my back I'm sure my dad told her he found it odd that I didn't take them up on the offer to drink.  ...I guess it shouldn't really matter what people think but I think they might be wondering why I don't. ...is getting outed as an alcoholic just a part of sobriety? I'd rather not want to start another goddamn web of lies to justify why I don't drink. I have a friend from the military who I'm going to see next month who I used to drink with who is going to call me out on not having a drink with him. he's flying me out to see him so it's not like I really have an option in going to see him lest pissing away yet another friendship. or just straight up admitting that I'm an alcoholic and that a relapse isn't what I had in mind. I've toyed with the idea of just going on a two week hiatus while with him and just picking sobriety back up when I get back but I am not really enthusiastic about that idea. I know he's going to be really disappointed that I'm going to have to insist that I do not drink at all and worst case scenario admit that I am an alcoholic when we are all supposed to be enjoying ourselves. ugh it's just one thing after another. 
----------immediate responses--------

I found this interesting...http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/09/25/think-you-drink-a-lot-this-chart-will-tell-you/..60% of people either don't drink at all or drink less than 1 per week.  That makes sense because most people don't even notice if I drink or not.  I have been offered and declined and never asked why.  It is a much bigger deal in our mind because heavy drinking was our norm...When I used the word alcoholic nobody believed me anyway.  You could say you quit because it got weird or you don't like the way it makes you feel.  The buddy might be a different story if that is what you guys usually do.  You could tell him your drinking  got out of control so you decided to put a stop to it.  You have a good thing going here with 208 days.  Allowing yourself to think about a hiatus might lead you to relapse.
In my meager experience (I've been at a pub *once* since I decided to be sober) it has a lot to do with how I framed it. Previously I've tried telling people that I have an alcohol problem and they straight up don't believe me or *demand that social drinking is more important* than such a minor problem as alcoholism...On last Friday I said that I don't drink because it stands in the way of my goals. Of getting up and having a functional day of losing weight and changing my life...Weight? Well now that I don't drink at least 18 litres of beer each week I *can* eat a burger and still lose weight...You see where it used to be a weakness that people could slowly work on to "convince" me to drink... It's now a strength and that is so much harder to berate...It has lead to some awkward conversations where I felt cornered and had to ask "These are my wishes and goals. Will you help me ignore it or work against me?". Those who keeps working against me aren't really my friends. They are my drinking buddies and I don't need somebody where the glue of our friendship is alcohol...Is it truly my friend if we can't enjoy each others company without being drunk? I've lost a few acquaintances along the way. Priorities all the way and I'm not saying I chose easily. That's probably part of why it took me many years to decide to quit drinking...
Why be outed?..You just don't drink. Was it not possible to say to those people 'Oh I don't drink anymore.'? You're not a leper my friend! You just don't drink. ..Every person I have told that I don't drink has just gone 'Fair enough' and carried on with their pint. In my experience nobody will even be bothered...That said maybe there is something I am missing here and there is a very valid reason for you to want to hide the fact that you are sober after 200+ days...The line about considering a 2 week hiatus could perhaps suggest something interesting. Is it possible that you don't want to tell people you are sober because you are afraid of the obligation to be sober? Once you tell people you can't go back on it as easily...Personally I was keen to tell people. I felt a pressure to let them know because I knew that once I had told them I wouldn't drink. I COULDN'T drink...This blockage in terms of masking your sobriety with little white lies has some dangerous potential to trip you up and that would be very sad. 208 days is a huge achievement to just throw away. ..Don't think of it as being outed. This is you. Your identity. And you just 'don't drink'. ..Try saying it a few times in the mirror ;)..See how it feels.
Its amazing that alcohol is such a socially accepted drug that we feel that we have to justify NOT using it..I dont think you need to paint the big A on your forehead just stick to "No Thanks I do not want a drink today"..Average people would not force you to uncomfortably say "No I dont want a line of coke" or "Thanks anyway but I am not doing any meth today" but feel comfortable making others feel they have a problem by chosing to NOT take an addictive drug.This is from a position of justifying their own use of alcohol.(whether controlled or otherwise)..Stay strong. Choosing to be sober is not something you need to justify.
I really wasn't very anonymous when I was crawling down the street puking or getting thrown in jail...Why would I be worried if people know I am sober today?
Is there a fear of being outted or a fear of simply just saying you dont drink anymore.  I was afraid of the stigma associated with the term alcoholic that I kept it hidden for a long time.  It was turmoil attending functions and waiting for the moment when I would have to find an appropriate verbal excuse to not drink.  to say something that wouldnt weird everyone out.  After simply stating I dont drink anymore or using the scary word "I am an alcoholic and would rather just drink diet coke" ive realized that no one cares.  The only conversations Ive had about my issue are by friends who genuinely curious or with others that already are asking the question internally...Doesnt matter what others think anyways.  Lying isnt going to help the matter.  Be proud.  Be strong.  Be sober.
I've found that in these types of situations it's useful to have one person that knows. For me it's my mom. That way the person can downplay it and/or change the conversation to get you off the hook. You don't have to "out" yourself to everybody but now that you've got some time telling just one person might help you not to feel like you're carrying around a secret...On another note the only time (so far) I've been pressured to have a drink was by my grandma who was really pushing wine on me. I declined a couple of times then abruptly changed the conversation my saying I liked her watch. She started on about how my cousin got the watch for her and the story of where he got it and forgot about the wine. For most normies drinking doesn't occupy such a huge part of their mind that they can't be easily distracted from it by another topic...That being said their questions are a little less surprising given that you went ahead and gave them recommendations on what to drink. Now that I'm sober I don't discuss cocktails the way I used to in fact I often feign ignorance about them. As a non-drinker I no longer have any reason to be knowledgeable about alcohol.
