-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sc3jw/going_to_give_aa_a_shot_went_3_days_and_relapsed/

I see 1 year sober I see 1000 days sober on here. WTF is wrong with me? I can't go 3 days....Going to give AA a chance...(No need to respond  just jouraling my addiction)
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah it came down to that for me too.  ..Ended up ok. Well actually a lot better than ok...
&gt;WTF is wrong with me?..Probably the same as most other people on this sub. You're not alone about this and you don't have to go about it alone either...Good luck at AA!
It's cool. Gonna respond anyway if that's okay...I'm pretty sure no one WANTS to go to AA. We have a saying "Nobody shows up here on a winning streak."..Check out a meeting and let us know how it goes. It may or may not sit well with you at first. Share you feelings with us. We'll do our best to steer you in the right direction...Take care!
Nothing is "wrong" with you that isn't wrong with everyone single one of us on this sub.  Just gotta pick yourself up dust yourself off and get back at it.  You can do it.
Cause it's fucking hard for an alcoholic yo
I made a lot of attempts to stop drinking before this current one. My badge is showing a high day count and not all the times I decided that I could go get a bottle and REALLY quit later.
It took my being desperate enough to give *anything* (including AA) a shot to get my day count this high.  I couldn't do it on my own.
Not drinking is hard. Many of us need support. WTF is wrong with you? You're an alcoholic. It's what's wrong with me too.
I feel the need to respond. .Journaling is good. .A.A. meetings are better. Please try more than one as it takes time quite often to relax and absorb the support that is being offered. ..Finding a good sponsor is a super idea -having one for me was a major benefit in racking up sober days weeks and months.
I'm almost two years sober... after having tried and failed to get sober probably dozens of times before that. Don't worry there's nothing wrong with you that isn't also wrong with the rest of us. You'll make it. 
It took me numerous tries to get passed a week sober. Probably almost a year until I finally did. It's definitely hard but not impossible. I'll tell you though even after two weeks I'm loving the money I am saving. Holy shit. 
I never made more than a few months from the time I was 16 through 46 and seldom a few days...It was when I really decided to do it the hard way that it became easier and I made over 3 years.Save yourself a lot of time and money and pain and do get sober younger than some of us did.
AA helped me if only cuz it gave me something to do where I couldn't be drinking remember a journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step. ..When I first started I'd only manage to stay sober from wake up to going to a meeting. Once I was home I'd be drinking again. I had to get my shit together slowly. You'll get it you just need some help
There's a difference between not drinking and recovery. I think AA can help play a part into working on recovery...Don't worry you're not the only one who's asked that question after a failed attempt to get sober!
For most of us with a year or more sober AA is one of the top go-to sober tools.  
I was told early on: No one is too stupid to get sober but we bury the smart ones all the time.   Good luck and God be with you. 
I really fell the need to post this:..Do *not* let anyone get you down - I don't care how many years of sobriety they whip out in front of you...I found that there are a LOT of people in AA who think "tough love"  is the way to go. They will call you a selfish asshole or jerk or some other insult with the ignorant idea that your "ego" has to be torn down...I let those assholes get to me and relapsed...Also do not get a sponsor who has more than 2 people - including yourself. I had one who had way too many and it was impossible to get in touch with him and he never returned my calls. ..He sought me out and in my own ignorance I took him up on his offer to be my sponsor. ..
No one ends up in AA because life is awesome at the moment. 
Try to learn a new lesson from every setback and you will be actively pursuing recovery.
Coincidentally about three days was my max before I went to AA (not counting jail).
[deleted]
