-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2segm2/vacation_destinations/

Hi SD I had a discussion with my husband last night about how my sobriety will affect our future travels. I was feeling guilt around this and have been avoiding the topic all together because he loves to travel and me not so much and I'm even less inclined to travel now that I'm sober.  I associate travelling with drinking. It's just one of those things. I'm not afraid of relapsing but I don't want to travel somewhere in which I will be surrounded by alcohol or people drinking/partying nor do I want to return to places that I have been in the past when I was drinking. I realize I don't have to drink and I will still have a good time but I'm not interested in testing myself in this way. I'm not sure why I was afraid to talk about this with my husband but I'm so glad I did.  He told me that it's ok and he realizes and expects things to change in this regard.  He hugged me and told me that he's proud of me and that he's so happy to have his wife back. He's relieved that I'm setting these boundaries. I thought setting more boundaries would be yet another burden on our marriage you know another thing that my alcoholism has and will continue to affect 'us' into the future but it was the opposite.  ..Where have you all travelled in your sobriety?   
----------immediate responses--------

Everywhere.  And because there are AA meetings everywhere I am able to travel and arrive at destinations and with attendance at local AA meetings I am able to get out of the tourist bubble i.e. find out which bad Chinese Buffets to avoid (um all of them).  I absolutely love this aspect of recovery because I am able to be at home in an AA meeting wherever I go.
I went to a all-inclusive (alcohol-inclusive) resort in Cuba. I went to Hawaii. I traveled around the east coast of Canada. I took a road trip to Chicago. ..In one month I am taking a solo vacation to another warm country probably all-inclusive...That being said for the first 1.5 years I was firmly planted at home testing the waters. I started with small trips to Montreal then Toronto then graduated into air travel again.
I just got back from 2 weeks in the Mayan Riviera. I loved it but wouldn't recommend any Mexican destination to someone trying to avoid alcohol. There was booze everywhere and the assumption that every tourist wants to get wasted on tequila...edit: One thing I find helpful on vacation is renting a condo through vrbo.com rather than a hotel room and cooking at home more than eating out. That way I don't have to be offered drinks by a waiter see a bar or be surrounded by people drinking.
Since I've been sober I've been to Chicago all over California and Costa Rica. Vacations were a big mental hurdle for me too. It took some time to get comfortable with the new me but now I absolutely love vacations. I used to be so burnt out afterwards from drinking but now they are relaxing and restful. You'll get there too.
Often big drinking destinations have really good AA ..Key west for example...
Just got back from my first visit to the French Quarter in New Orleans which was planned out while I was still drinking. This city is an alcoholic's dream. Honestly there were some seriously white knuckle moments in abstaining. On the other hand constantly seeing people scrape bottom helped to bolster my resolve and I had a wonderful time without a drop of alcohol. The jazz history architecture hospitality food and my newfound happiness made for the best vacation in years.
Wow!  It's so fantastic that your husband is so supportive.  You're truly lucky!..One thing to keep in mind is that it's **probably** temporary that you're concerned about being around other people drinking.  At least it was for me.  At around 8 or 9 months I really stopped caring at all about what other people were doing.  I'm able to go hang out at a bar have people offer to buy me drinks and be comfortable being there and saying "no"...That said I don't frequent bars.  But I'll go when the situation calls for it.  Tonight for example a good friend is celebrating his 30th birthday party at a bar.  I'm going to go.  My good friends there know I don't drink.  My wife is coming with me.  I'll have a good time.  I know I won't drink.  And if I get bored being around other drinkers I'll leave...Last year I went on a cruise.  There's a lot of alcohol on cruises.  Even my wife and our two friends drank a lot.  But I had a great time.  There were ways for me to get some "me time" when I just kind of got away to work out play some basketball take walks around the decks.  There are even AA meetings on the boat...So hopefully you're like me and the concern about alcohol still having a hold on you is temporary.  Keep in mind even at 40 my first two years of sobriety were ONLY two years.  Even the last two months since my 2 year sober-anniversary seem like a long time (well it did include Thanksgiving Christmas and New Year's!).  So even if you change up your routine for the next year and a half or more it's not forever...Hang in there!
Now that I'm sober I have been wanting to go on a more "spiritual" trip thinking somewhere like Buddhist temples in Nepal. Food for thought.
I totally needed to read this thread today. my fiance started talking about traveling abroad after the wedding and my thoughts IMMEDIATELY directed themselves to drinking down the road. I don't have much insight but thanks for bringing this up. 
This is a great topic. My dad and I have been planning a trip to China for many years. I kept putting it off because I knew I wouldn't be able to drink as much as I needed when I needed while traveling with him...Now that I'm sober actual plans are being made and I'm nervous about it in an entirely different way. Booze was a huge part of travel for me. Airplane ride without booze? Um...okay. ..Traveling is crazy stressful. I'll have to trust in the tools I've established during my sober time to get me through...Your husband's support is so wonderful it brought tears to my eyes.
I love backpacking the high country. I was not able to backpack for the longest time because the amount of booze I would need would weigh too much cause altitude sickness from dehydration and there would be the chance that I ran out... Those thoughts scared me from taking the trips but now I am sober with the dreams of unseen trails in front of me!
I don't do AA but when I travel I do AA. ;)
