-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sezrl/heres_me_after_two_months_longer_than_intended/

I started my experience with alcohol at the age of 13 which was also the first time I got blackout drunk.  I was always an intelligent kid gifted outgoing hungry for praise ready to try new things.  I was the lead in school plays and the MC when we had school functions.  I could read and write by age 4 and by age 7 I had a grade 12 reading vocabulary and comprehension.  I had a poem published in grade 5 and that's about where I Started experimenting with drugs.  My friends were all 5-10 years older than me and I got in with the 'cool kid' crowd.  We were sooooo cool back then.  Vandalism petty theft grand theft auto drug trafficking and all that fun stuff I was introduced to from an early age.  I cultivated numerous negative behaviours but I didn't have my first drink until I was 13 and I got blackout drunk.  3 years later of heavy experimentation with mushrooms ecstacy cocaine and I was addicted to crack to boot.  By the time I was 19 I was a full blown alcohol and crack addict.  Look at me now Mom!   .....Anybody who knew me well knew of the potential that I was squandering.  Over the years though I bought into the fantasy that no matter how bad it got eventually I would get 'lucky' and have my big shot to prove myself or that somehow the life I always wanted would just materialize for me.  It was such a demanding fantasy that I bought into and kept me content for many years but... well we all know that's not how the world works......I somehow figured out a way to live a more or less regular life and finished high school after being expelled twice; for missing the majority of my classes.  I was getting awesome grades I would tell myself. why should I go to class if I can get A's and spend my time drinking and carrying on with friends?  After all I was only going to be in high school once I might as well enjoy the ride.  I have to thank the powers that be here for sending me such a kind and understanding Vice Principal.  She always was looking out for me and had my back partly because she was awesome and partly because I never lied to her and always faced up to my shit.  My true self was always surfacing in me trying to find his way out......After high school kitchen jobs were plenty but no matter how much the bosses love you there's only so many excuses for being late or showing up with no sleep / still drunk.  I went from kitchen to kitchen and was even fired and re-hired at the same kitchen 3 fucking times...  I always knew crack was a big problem and one day after an especially depressing binge I realized I wanted something better for myself and I quit that morning.  Alcohol on the other hand while I realized it as a problem I chose it to be the lesser of two evils and that's about the time I fully gave in to the power of alcohol.  I have drank to get drunk nearly every night since the age of 19 and two months ago when I quit I was one day shy of turning 29......I had my first relationship from the age of 21-25 and we moved out together.  It was a disaster but I didn't know what a relationship looked like and I had no self esteem to speak of so we tortured each other for 4 years before we mutually separated.  She was the one I lost my virginity to and also the only girl I had ever slept with.  When we split I imagined I would be 'swimming in pussy' even though I had no real proof to back that up.  I'm not an attractive man looks-wise and even worse because I frequently would down a 24 of beer and stay up all night.  I was pale sickly looking acne ridden etc...surprise surprise m perception was completely devastated bringing me to a new all-time low......I began binging on MDMA for a few months at some points staying up 4 days in a row.  It was a dark dark time... I couldn't fight my way out of it.  I had to hit bottom.  So many shameful things happened in that time but the straw that broke the camels back was my cat getting outside in a torrential thunderstorm and crawling under the shed.  I was outside in my underwear with a towel trying to coax her out from underneath and I was sobbing and panicking because I thought she was dead or drowning.  I hunched there in the downpour for an hour before she finally poked her head out and it was another 20-30 minutes before I could convince her to come into the rain for me to grab her with the towerl.  I carry so much shame for how I probably got my cat high on hard chemicals from the transfer of drugs from surface to paws and from my hands to her skin.  She would get really affectionate when I would come home with drugs and want to be petted and held and rub up against my hands... I had totally forgot about that until now but I'm totally crying as I write this I loved her so much.  This episode prompted me to call my parents and have them come and get the cat and I told them I would be following the next day which is how long it took me to 'dispose' of the rest of my drugs.  I couldn't be alone or I'd kill myself this way......I was unemployed at this point but I had a few friends who would bankroll my drinking and one of my neighbours needed an extra pair of hands to help with snow removal that season so I volunteered... not a fun job especially when you stumble home in sub zero temperatures at 3 am from the bar only to get a call a half an hour after your head hits the pillow to get your stuff on and go for an 8-20 hour snow shoveling shift... anyways...  as that season was coming to a close my dad suggested stick with landscaping so I applied to a summer landscaping position thinking I would be cutting lawns or something and ended up finding my first job that actually developed in me a confidence that wasn't tied to alcohol.  I learned so much about myself in that job.  They gave me a 3 ton bin truck and freedom.  I had responsibilities and I rarely had to interact with the bosses.  I was given instructions and tools and told to make something work.  I learned how to install irrigation systems how to re-turf a lawn how to use a mini-excavator a skid steer a plow truck and numerous other heavy pieces of machinery and tools that I had never touched before.  I was working out at the gym with my brother and I was getting a sweet tan in the process of doing my daily job.  This was a turning point for me.....Around this time I discovered the /r/seduction and began going out with the purpose of attracting women.  I needed alcohol to do this for the most part but the results were astonishing to me and a boost to ego as well.  Since then I've had numerous relationships if you can call it that which were mostly short lived.  As much as the results were positive I was still just a broken man wearing a pretty mask for the world.  The emotional damage I've endured over the years made it impossible for me to be anything less than a vacant fraud and I couldn't connect with people on a deeper meaningful level.  Over the months my focus changed from outward to inward and I began to build on myself and stoke the flame of that confidence I discovered.  I adopted the 'fake it til you make it' mentality and also began to practice positive self talk.  I began to lose interest in 'chasing women' and began to become more interested in building a man that women were naturally attracted to.  I'll let you know how that goes when I get there haha... I've now come to understand this as a lifelong process of which there is no beginning or end and there's certainly no competition involved as much as I used to like to make it into one......It would seem that my life was back on track right?  Well that's what I thought too but I was noticing more blackouts when I drank and it was taking longer and longer to recover from hangovers.  I eventually left that job because of a disagreement with the boss and I realized that the disagreement would have never occurred had I not been such a heavy drinker in the first place......I had a couple of jobs since then which I won't get into in detail but they were okay until one night at a bar I saw a man sitting alone in a suit and tie.  I decided to start a conversation with him which is what  I did now.  A week later I was quitting my job and becoming a sales associate for a successful and prestigious furniture / electronics / appliance store.  I can only thank my universal true self for fighting so hard to find it's way to the surface.  This was the first job where my drinking was never limited by my income.  I could drink and go out and spend frivolously and there was always money left over at the end of the month... I thought that was great but really it was accelerating my problems......At the christmas party of last year I woke up with half of my front tooth missing and showing up to work the next morning still drunk and in that state was humiliating.  I worked on this sales floor for almost an entire year with the tooth missing and I still have no idea how much damage this did to my self esteem. That whole year I never sought out any relationships or women deeming myself far too unattractive and unworthy of female attention.  I would hide my smile and feel shame whenever somebody brought it up.  I went to the dentist for the first time in many years starting in August and finally last month I was able to get my tooth fixed.  Last week I had my last cavity filled.  Tomorrow I am going to get my teeth cleaned......The man in the suit and tie... well he got fired early last year for showing up to work intoxicated.  My heart goes out to him for his problems and I hope he finds peace someday but I haven't spoken to him in months.  The universe works in mysterious ways and everything will happen in time when you're ready for it to happen.  I was brought to that bar for a reason and I was hired to that job for a reason and he had served his purpose and left the store for a reason.  People come in and out of our lives all the time but it's only when we are aware of the changes that occur that we become actively engaged in the present......I have been off work since the start of November.  The day I decided to quit drinking I had stayed up all night compulsively finishing the last of my beer and it wasn't possible for me to get up in time to call in sick.  Since the christmas party where I lost my tooth my boss knew that I had been struggling with alcohol.  I called him the next day and asked him for time off even though I knew this was the busiest season for retail and I would be leaving him in a really tough spot...I cried to hear him on the phone telling me to take as much time as I thought I needed and not to worry about things at work and he's so proud that I am deciding to get better.  He's been an inspiration and motivation for me in these past two months whenever I felt my resolve failing.  I have so much respect for that man......Two months sober and it's been a trip.  I can't even recall how badly I felt the shame when I decided to quit but I DO remember that at the time I would have given anything to be where I am RIGHT NOW......I feel so energized motivated ambitious alive real connected purposeful challenged and the list goes on.  I've taken up rock climbing going to the gym nightly yoga and journal reflection I've got a new car my apartment is spotless and decluttered......There are still challenging days and strong urges but I was given a wonderful equation at a group I am in.  Sobriety = Abstinence + Change.  Change is the goal; changing lifestyle changing thought patterns changing behaviours.  Acting my way to better thinking.  Take action take care of myself do the dishes try new things.  Journal reflect build connect be miserable be scared be awkward BE REAL.  The great part about this equation is even when the change isn't materializing I can fall back on abstinence and tough it out until the change begins again......I'm well aware that I'm not going to feel 100% all of the time.  Speaking the serenity prayer.  Accept the things  I cannot change the courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference.  Life is a trip but it's an experience.  I'm constantly trying to learn about myself and my philosophy and my guiding values which are ever changing.  When I make a decision to change stick to it.  If I take a step back try and figure out why and do something different the next time.  Listen to myself quiet my mind look at the signs in my life that the universe sends from time to time but whatever I do DON'T GIVE UP ON MYSELF BECAUSE I AM SO FUCKING WORTH THIS PAIN......I've had to let go of the past and my regrets.  I'm grateful that now at 29 I'm finding myself again and am going to start realizing my potential.  I'm happy to exist now and I do my best to be present in the moment.  Empathy love connection the human experience.  My demons are still present but their voices are quiet and they rarely can have as large or as little an impact on my decisions and thoughts as I choose to allow them.  I can set goals I can achieve them.  I'm no longer stuck.  I'm no longer uncertain.  I'm no longer afraid of myself and my future.  This is but the first step on a lifelong journey and I thank you all for sharing it......TL;DR  Life is a beautiful trip and the tickets are free so take as many as you need to see the whole park.
----------immediate responses--------

Stop drinking + recovery = sobriety is how I think of it.  It sounds as if we're on the same page /u/For-Teh-Lulz -- I'm glad you found us.  
Change comes not always in our time but so long as we keep working it will come...Grats...keep doing
Keep up the great work ! Keep working at it day by day and your 30s are going to be a lot brighter than mine were..Congratulations on getting off the crazy train and staying sober.
Thank you very motivating. Congrats on 2 months!
