-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sm4ag/my_first_drinkingrelated_nightmare/

I relapsed. I mistakenly sipped someone's mixed drink at a party and as soon as I swallowed my throat burned my blood ran cold and the 800-pound gorilla had been reawakened. I brushed it off and used my mistake as an excuse to kick back a few beers with my friends and though I had a good buzz going I couldn't help but notice that something felt "off". I last recall staring into the campfire and the serene mental slowness and loss of physical dexterity that comes with being so drunk you could piss yourself and not know it. I knew the hangover and headache were on the way but the guilt was already there. Underneath the warm blanket of booze and tingling in my fingers and lips the guilt and shame were already a growing black hole inside of me consuming me as I realized that I was in deep shit... completely 100% fucked...Fast forward ten seconds to when I awaken to sunlight filling my room. I'm dehydrated. I'm wearing what I was the night before my hair is a mess and my breath smells like hell but not from drinking. I'm stone-cold sober as I've been for six months. I've just woken up from my worst nightmare (also my first drinking-related) and opened my eyes back into the REALITY of my proudest personal accomplishment. What a rollercoaster of emotion!..Thank you for reading my story. This happened to me a few days ago. Once I got past the initial first few minutes after waking up I realized how grateful I really am for the way things are turning out. Thank YOU everybody for sharing your stories. This sub is a rare gem of good souls online and its collective sharing helps others in ways we don't even understand.
----------immediate responses--------

I've had the same dream and woke up thinking I did drink I even felt hung-over when I stood up I realized I was 5 days sober and I literally fell to my knees and thanked God.
I love your story.  You are a fabulous writer by the way.  ..I have been going through your nightmare and reset my badge!  Drinking doesn't make you feel great it makes you feel lonely - and angry about little things - and depressed - but I like the honesty of this site and the fact that I reset my badge...As you said so eloquently "This sub is  rare gem of good souls online". 
Wow that was awesome
The best thing about drinking dreams is you eventually wake up!
[Post on the meaning of Drinking Dreams at this link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/)
Drinking dreams suck don't they? That feeling of "I fucked it all up I threw it all away" is awful. It's only a dream it's only a dream...
Totally had a drinking dream last night too.  It's so weird when it happens.
I had drinking dreams for months and months after I quit even when I no longer wanted to drink at all. Some were where I chose to some I was tricked into it and some I was forced. They were nearly every night for the first month. It sucks. But it sure is a relief to wake up in the morning and realize it was a dream. 
