-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sq4cq/depressed_back_after_relapsing_after_8_months/

Ughhhh I never wanted to be here. I'm back trying to get myself together and get sober. Again. I quit for 8 months last year started drinking again in July and am now back drunk more often now than I was before. I'm depressed and can't figure out how I sunk this low. I drink almost every day usually 12 beers a night for the past couple months with the occasional day here and there off. I'm terrified to quit again. I didn't drink tonight but am a hypochondriac and am terrified I'll die from DTs. I have  never had bad withdrawal symptoms in the past but the anxiety of it is causing me to make it an excuse to drink. It's a vicious cycle. I can't really afford to see a Dr so I'm considering tapering but it never works. I'm just lost. I feel awful and I need to find a way  to get happy again. I don't know what I'm looking for but any advice would be amazing!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!..My advice would be to see a doctor. If you can afford 12 beers a day surely you can afford one doctor's visit. ..Tapering can work but in my experience it was awful awful awful. ..Once you've got past the initial stage (ie withdrawal) you'll want to have a plan for continuing sobriety. Do you have one?
..I'm sorry to hear that you are struggling...As a hypochondriac are you not paranoid about the damage the alcohol is doing to your body??..Tapering... I can't really speak to how that works because it doesn't for me. Seriousboozebag here is the only only person I've heard of that has managed that and notice he/she (sorry don't know :P) says it is awful x 3.....But like you said... You never had bad withdrawal symptoms in the past...I'm sorry I wasn't more help. I wish you the best.
[deleted]
Ugh I could never taper either. Once I pop I can't stop. I would always forget that I was tapering thanks to drunk...If you quit for 8 months before maybe the same thing you did last time would work again? Because I know my way was the only way that worked for me which was literally hiding in my house for days sequestered from the rest of the world until I could wrap my head around getting out without wondering where my next drink was going to come from.
Sorry you are struggling.  What did you do to get sober for eight months last time.  
Maybe you had a kindling effect after being stopped for eight months?.I drank a half pint of vodka and 10-12 ciders every day for years..Stopped cold turkey..If you haven had a drink in 24 hours or so and just getting the usual nuisance you can probably.just go ahead and NOT DRINK:).Yeah dig out your Allen Carr book..And there are loads of other memoirs and such on audible and kindle... I find them really helpful. Also hanging in this sub throughout the day..Good luck!
Get back on the wagon. It is never too late. When children learn how to walk they fall down many times. If they never got back up after falling down they would never progress.
