-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sxtyq/day_18_struggles_thoughts/

Hey all..I'm in day 18 and the last two days have been pretty rough. I've been waking up with a gut feeling of fear and a bit of anxiety.  ..I have also been thinking about death (not suicide just fearful of death). Almost as if I need to figure out life RIGHT NOW.  These are new to be AFTER I stopped drinking...I just feel scared most of the day. Is this just post drinking depression?..Anyone have this? Will I even out? ...Thanks again for all the support found in this thread....
----------immediate responses--------

Also feeling phantom hangover headaches? It's been 18 days! Should I still be having these? Thanks!
I can't speak as to what exactly you're going through but I still have days like that which a doctor in rehab told me to expect for about two years after quitting. They're few and far between these days (maybe every 2 - 3 months) and generally less intense but they still occur. 
This sounds really normal to me.  Many of us drink to cover up those feelings that you are experiencing right now as well as this urgency in early sobriety to get our shit sorted out immediately.  My guess is that you will even out but may need some help...I used a sober recovery program and also ended up seeing a therapist as well.  With all of this support I was able to stay sober and to learn how to handle feelings...ultimately I did get diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and I'm now medicated for that.  Not saying this will be your outcome- but not drinking and getting help from other recovering people will help you pinpoint what you need to move forward...18 days is still very early.  Your whole body &amp; brain is in WTF mode.
I've had many days like that and on very very rare occasions I still do.  I found individualized counseling very helpful.  I know this fact with absolute certainty no matter how lousy I feel on any given day Alcohol would not improve it one whit.
First congrats on the 18 days!..&gt;I just feel scared most of the day. Is this just post drinking depression?.Anyone have this? Will I even out?  ..I didn't feel scared.  I've had a lot of other feelings.  They passed as usual. No big deal.  It's okay to feel scared and then go about doing something that needs to be done.  
congratulations you are experiencing life on life's terms.  I am coming up on 4 years and I still have these moments.  You will eventually even out.  Will you always be ride of these thoughts?  no.  Will you be better equipped to handle them?  yes.
Drinking is often a form of self-medication. ..And sometimes when the meds have been withdrawn the underlying condition can make itself known. This is an opportunity for healing. I wonder if you can find out what's scaring you...
I'm familiar with those types of feelings. For me it was sort of like "Holy crap! Life is happening! How do people do "life" every day? This is insane!" It was a little overwhelming but it gets better. Those sort of thoughts became less and less frequent over time as I got into the swing of things (living life on life's terms and only one day at a time.)..You may want to read up on PAWS (Post-Acute Withdrawal Syndrome). It's essentially the collective physical and mental challenges those in recovery typically (but not always) go through for the first 6 months to 2 years and they're perfectly normal. In my experience most of those who I have met who have had symptoms of PAWS don't typically have all of the symptoms. The combination seems to be fairly unique to each person. I for example had a lot of concentration difficulties acne (yay... puberty 2.0) lower back pain and insomnia. 
Anxiety is a real-life phenomenon that all people learn to deal with *by practice.*  Instead of practicing I used alcohol to suppress my anxiety for a long time.  So of course I don't have the practical skills.  I'm in the process of learning them...My anxiety level is high also right now because of some personal growth issues I'm dealing with.  Things that have helped me:..- Staying in the now.  At any point I feel anxiety to just focus on what's right in front of me right around me and let the other thoughts slip away. What makes that easier sometimes is:..- Taking slow deep breaths.  And focusing on those.  Sometimes I repeat the word "Peace peace peace" in my mind. EDIT: "Truth truth truth" is another calming word I like...- Listening to calming music...- Finding a simple task such as sweeping the floor or doing dishes and focusing entirely on it...Also I have incorporated a "safe pain time" into my day.  For me it's the last half-hour or so before I go to sleep.  I lie quietly in my bed do deep breathing and allow myself to feel hurts that I couldn't deal with during the day.  Because it's a safe place.  You'd think it would keep me awake but it doesn't!  It does the opposite.  By promising myself a safe place to feel my pain acknowledging it and crying or doing whatever emotions I need it just slips over me and I sleep very well.
This happens to me as well though the frequency and severity has become significantly less than when I was drinking. The best things that help me cope with it are exercise and meditation. If you abused alcohol for many years like I did don't expect your brain to just even itself out immediately. It'll take some time. It's all going to get better one day at a time!
I passed 18 days last week and had a huge panic attack. Some paranoia too about everything I was doing to change my life around. I drank some mint tea went to bed early and I didn't drink. Day 19 was better. You aren't alone.
I'm right there with you.  The last two days all I've wanted to do is get a big freakin bottle of wine and drink all the anxiety away.  I've had to work hard to on taking care of myself in regard to this. .. I've started doing simple yoga stretches each day that I found on youtube.  Walking the dog trying to be mindful.  But the last two days have been HELL and nothing works. .. I just have to remind myself.. just today... just today.. and walk around breathing deeply trying to hold it together.  Before yesterday I hadn't encountered anything this bad in regard to anxiety and urges... Fuck day 18 and 19... hope it turns around on day 20. ..Fuck .. fuck.. fuck.. .(sorry for the language I'm in full rant mode)  Congrats on 18 days!  
If you are having moderate anxiety  I would highly recommend at 30 minute brisk walk. Take long strides. Move your arms. Breathe heavily...After the walk I guarantee you would feel 80 % better. Maybe even in a good mood!
Also on day 18 here.  Since very early in sobriety (around day 3) I have noticed a significant difference in my response to anything to which I would react with a strong negative emotion (anxiety fear sadness frustration anger).  There is no "fight or flight" type response - I take time to absorb what's going on and can make a better judgement on whether I should act on my first impulse.  ..As a result there have been more positive interactions overall in my life which makes me feel good which begets more positivity and so forth.  This has been one of the *best* parts of not drinking thus far.
