-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sxy6c/ten_years_an_alcoholic/

I go to meetings I go to Celebrate Recovery and still have yet to meet someone as bad as me. Maybe it's because we don't share our past experiences but I'm bad. I drink a case of beer a day and on weekends it sometimes more 2 cases. The hangovers the anxiety! I keep relapsing because I replay the tape in my mind my past. I feel like I'm the only one who's ever ruined relationships with my drinking. I've lied I've stolen I've driven drunk I've even put children in jeopardy! I woke up in the morning with burns on my fingers from cigarettes charred black marks on the couch! I could have killed my daughter. I could have killed a family! It seems more relationship I ruin the more I get f***** up & ruin more relationships! It's a vicious cycle of abuse! I started drinking because I got my heart broke and now I just keep breaking it over and over and over. 
----------immediate responses--------

There's no point in comparing yourself to others. Everyone at those meetings is there because they have a problem and they're trying to get better - period. You're not any different in that respect...Have you considered rehab or therapy to go along with your meetings?
I do go to therapy 
When things get bad enough you will quit.  They don't serve alcohol in prison or the psych ward or the cemetery...
Hey welcome back Im glad you are trying again..You are not the worst drunk ever and you are not alone.People are encouraged here to not compare amounts of drinking in threads because it doesn't help much and can give others a sense of not being as bad thus under control.I will say at times in my life I drank more than you say and other times less.But for over 30 it was out of control.Getting control dramatically improved my life...I really do understand how hard it is to go through the physical withdrawals and claw back to the surface..But you can do it...Take care of yourself and keep trying...
You are not the worst drunk ever and you won't be the last one. However it sounds like you aren't well right now and could use some help to get through this. I second the idea of going to rehab or to intensive therapy. There is never a "convenient" time for this kind of thing but your life isn't very convenient right now either it sounds like. Better to take the hit now with a few weeks off than to keep going down this road in my opinion.
The more you go to meetings the more you realize that you're not alone. Back in the seventies Alice Cooper would drink a case a day when he was on tour. 
[deleted]
