-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sy3zp/90_days/

Where to begin?! I feel really great today. 3 months ago I was so far from what I feel today...I've known that my drinking was out of control for a long time. Probably near 10 years.  At times I was in denial at other times I didn't care and it was almost as if I embraced my alcoholism like a badge. Crazy right?..My father was an alcoholic and died a couple weeks before Christmas in 2013.  He wasted away in a hospital bed with liver disease at the age of 66. I spent the rest of 2013 and the majority of 2014 drunk as often as possible running away from the grieving process running away from the past and running away from all other emotions related to every aspect of my life. ..Finally 3 months ago I was watching a television show on Netflix and in one of the episodes the character's father died of cancer. I lost it. I hit it really hard that weekend - despite the fact that I had this burning pain and sensation in my stomach that hurt when I drank. A friend asked if I should go to the hospital and I laughed it off and said "I ate an apple this morning. An apple a day keeps the doctor away." That was ALL I ate that day. I lost 40 pounds last year - partially through biking everywhere but in large part to poor nutrition...After that weekend I said "I'm done I need to stop." That Monday something upsetting happened that reminded me of my father's death and I got hammered that night. I hope I never forget the way I felt the next morning. I felt alone depressed scared thinking that I would end up like my father and die of this disease one day - maybe even younger than he died paranoid that I did irreversible damage to my body...it goes on and on. Many of you reading this will know that horrible feeling and dark place. I laid in bed crying. ..The next morning I went to an AA meeting and haven't looked back. Life isn't perfect and there will be struggles good days and bad days losses and gains but I am SO grateful that as long I don't pick up a drink again I NEVER have to go back to that place I was in just 90 days ago. ..AA works for me but it's not the only way to stay sober. Find something that works for you and stick with it. Commit AT LEAST the same amount of energy to sobriety as you commit to drinking. You won't regret it.
----------immediate responses--------

I myself spent a lot of time running away from grieving. I still think there's some things I need to confront but with time. I hope to hit my 90 too. :) Congrats man!
Hell yes. Love hearing about lives getting better. It's so amazing what happens when we don't sabotage ourselves all the time with alcohol. Congrats on 90 days!!
Sorry for your loss and congratulations on the 90 days that is awesome :) 
Congrats Invictus and thanks for posting this! It may be sad but it brought a smile to my face that it's so good for you now. Hope is just radiating from this post and I appreciate that. And I can really relate because I feel like the way you came to sobriety is kinda the way I did too. I'm sorry about your father my father died after Christmas from cirrhosis of the liver in 2000 due to his alcoholism and I spent the last 14 years on-and-off drinking it away too. Then 16 days ago after a horrible night and laying in bed all day crying I went to my first AA meeting. And like you I don't want to go back to that place and if I stay sober I won't have to. Gosh darn it you made me tear up a little lol. Thanks again for posting Invictus congrats on that amazing 90 days I look forward to seeing other awesome positive posts like this! Stay safe my fellow sobie :-)
Beautiful and powerful post /u/invictus15. Congratulations on reaching 90 days.
Congrats on the 90 days!  Keep it up!
90 days  is  amazing you're right about not being unable to run from grief. .It's very patient and waits.  
Grief is healing.  I ran away too.  Now that I am letting myself feel all the sadness and grief I am healing. Congrats on 90!
Those 90 days are a beautiful tribute to your dad. I hope for a growing sense of peace and resolution in your life in the wake of this amazing new direction you've taken.
Stories like yours really inspire me. Very strange but I also only had an apple today! I hit rock bottom and had to go the hospital. Keep up the good work friend.
