-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2t3sm4/how_to_deal_with_losing_friends/

Hi I know this might not be the right place for this but I guess I don't have many other places to ask which might be helpful. About 4 months ago I wound up in a detox clinic for six days after being taken in by police due to some poor choices made while drinking. I was sober for about 3 months until a week ago I decided I was "good" and had a beer the next day I had another. I haven't had anything besides those too beers but it was still a lapse of judgement on my part. My biggest problem now is without drinking I am a very lonely person. I let go of most of my friends in these sober months because I realized they were a bad influence all I would do when I was with them was mostly sit in a basement car or occasionally a bar and drink until what I jokingly called "we couldn't feel feelings anymore." I realized roughly two weeks into sobriety that I couldn't maintain my friendship with of these people and remain sober so I ended up having to cut ties because I felt there was no way that I could modify my friendship with these folks and remain sober. Problem is these folks were some of my oldest and closest friends and since they were mostly unemployed were always available to hang out...Now will state that I am much happier with them out of my life as I do not miss the cynicism and general "screw the world" attitude but I have found myself very lonely lately which is probably why I relapsed my hours at work have been cut due to lack of business and I have realized I have no life outside of my job (something the addictions consoler at the detox clinic mentioned) so I find myself being very bored and lonely but my friends that have their life together are too busy to hang out when I am available and those that I could hang out with I feel are not very good influences like my coworkers. So my question is for those of you who are sober and have been for some time how did you make new friends how did you get over the loss of old ones and did you have to deal with a fair amount of loneliness?
----------immediate responses--------

I never lost REAL friends because I stopped drinking; but I gained lots of REAL friends in sobriety.  AA meetings were a big piece of that puzzle but even beyond meetings my sober lifestyle: getting up early becoming a regular at a local coffee shop opened up a whole world of friends for me.
I didn't lose friends when I stopped drinking last year... people I drank with were friends on a deeper level too but having to stop certain activities has definitely left holes that I haven't filled yet. I had a small "divorced women support group" but we always drank (a LOT). I moved away from that area of town so it's not convenient to see them much anyway but I still consider them friends. ..Yeah a lot of my friends who would be great to plan sober stuff with (like a friend of mine who loves movies and eating out - great person to do a dinner/movie night with) are busy or live clear across town (like 45 minute drive or more) so I understand what you mean. I'm lonely a lot of the time. It's self-inflicted. I could have been posting here for the last several months and I just haven't. ..I will probably try AA meetings again to meet some sober people and I thinking about signing up for a clay class or something... maybe make some plates. I know a teacher nearby so that would be semi-social. 
[deleted]
