-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2t4o7l/day_1_and_feeling_extremely_anxious/

Two days ago I walked into my first AA meeting and I have the most mixed feelings about this...A bit of background. I'm 27yrs old and work from home as an IT professional. My Husband is a paramedic and works 12hr overnight shifts; given my occupation and my husbands overnight work it created a breeding ground for binge drinking alone at home. I start as soon as he leaves for work and will hide all the evidence. This pattern started about a year ago and has only gotten worse (shocking right). ..I come from a family with 2 alcoholic parents and I am not the only sibling of mine that has struggled with addiction (or at least I think this is addiction) and we certainly do not call it 'addiction.' ..Here's my dilemma I know how unhealthy my drinking is but I'm the only one that truly knows how deep in I am. I'm so terrified that when I tell my husband and my family that I'm in AA and want to be sober (forever) that they'll think I'm over-reacting. I'm worried that since alcohol has become so ingrained into my lifestyle as a POSITIVE reinforcement that I'll be seen as 'unfun' and 'lame'..Has anyone struggled with these feelings? Does anyone have a spouse that drinks still while they're sober?..This is such an amazing community constantly lurking has been part of my influence to get clean. Stay awesome people and thank you for listening!
----------immediate responses--------

You can do so much more when you're sober than when you're drunk..."Unfun" and "Lame" are about the last things you'll be if you sober up...You've got this /u/basilandthor! Welcome to the sub!
Everyone has opinions on what I do with my life. That's great. It's nice to have other people's opinions on your life...but they are not YOURS and they are NOT necessarily accurate or true...You know your truth. You know your body. You know what you need...I "do me" and let deal with their shit!
When it comes right down to it the thing that's really important is changing your unhealthy drinking.It's far more important than what anyone else thinks especially if their reactions are judgmental or intolerant . I understand how easy it is to be intimidated by others' opinions being a chicken myself but remember that you're the captain of your own ship...My background is similar: two alcohol abusing parents sibling recovered alcoholic husband also recovered. Alcoholism everywhere in the family. I drank by myself almost every night for a long time.
I've struggled with telling my friends and haven't told my family yet. I struggled to tell my friends because I was afraid they'd minimize it and say "you're not really that bad." I had one friend do that but the others were supportive. I realized that like you said no one else knows how my alcoholism is I've got to listen to myself. I haven't told my family because alcoholism has been a part of my family for generations and I'm afraid that they'll treat me/look at me different. I know deep down they won't but I struggle with when and how I'm going to tell them mostly because I don't want them to worry. You'll tell them when you're ready right now you've got to do what's right for you and if that's not telling so be it. Stay safe my fellow sobie!
Allen carrs book in the sidebar helped me shrug off my own assumptions about what it is to be sober (spoiler: Its actually awesome)..Good luck!
My wife never knew how bad my daily drinking was and I still haven't told her (some hornet's nests really shouldn't be kicked IMO). The way I look at it is I started drinking in secret so I can quit in secret too (not counting this sub of course)...And yes she still drinks and it doesn't bother me in the least. For me if I don't make a big deal about it nobody else does either...Good luck.
