-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2t6520/yay_3_weeks_struggling_with_life/

Hi all..Tonight it'll be 3 full weeks without a drop of alcohol. I used to drink 4-8 12oz beers a day and sometimes 1-3 shot of vodka or whiskey on top. Enough for a good buzz but still totally functional the next day. I rarely drink more than that not even on weekends. This has been going on more or less 2 years. I've known that I drink too often but I really thought I needed it to cope with anxiety and depression... I got 2 small children and a wife whom I love and a job that I hate most of the time. So it's busy time all the time...Now it's my 21st sober day and I must admit I feel different. Feelings are more level now instead of emotional roller coaster they used to be. There have been some situations I would have normally drank but now I just know it'd only make things worse. Family loves it when I don't drink and I've lost a couple of pounds so all in all pretty good so far...Unfortunately it hasn't been all positive. It took me 2 weeks to get a decent sleep and I'm still struggling with it. Falling asleep is the hardest part. I've been more depressed this week than I can remember... I feel like crying many times a day. The energy burst and positive mind that lasted from day 2 to day 10 is gone. I really don't enjoy being at home but I have nowhere else to go. I have a hobby I go to 2 to 4 days a week which I truly love with a group of people I really enjoy being with. It feels like that's the only thing I like about my life. I know it's not directly alcohol related but I can't stop thinking the biggest reason for my drinking has been my dissatisfaction for my work life and for my life with my family. I love my kids to death and I love my wife as well but I dunno... Rest assured this is not an excuse for me to get back to booze. I don't want that. I just needed to let this out.. ..You all have been such an inspiration for me on my way to sobriety. I'm glad I've come this far. .
----------immediate responses--------

I get what you are saying. Having a family is great and we love them to pieces but the sheer responsibility can be crushing at times..And it is sorta easy to lose sight of yourself when you are surrounded by people who not only love you but have very high expectations of you..Hang in there sounds like you are doing the best you can for now... Give your brain some time to get it's soaked synapses firing again:).
Good forward progress /u/foolfromnorth -- as you go along you will build momentum and before you know it if you are like me you will be astounded at how naturally sleep will come.  
From what I've learned this is a pretty common sentiment/phase to go through in the earlier months of sobriety. I went through a really similar stretch and I started calling it "dealing with real life syndrome" (DWRLS). ..When we drink a bunch of stuff just gets pushed off to the side- sometimes for years- and when we quit this stuff comes back into the picture sometimes creeping up and sometimes as a full-on shitstorm. ..A lot of times the little things seem bigger than they are because we are so used to drinking as a response to them that we simply don't know how to deal with them (DWRLS)- or we start to identify actual problems with our lives that we need to work on and change and sometimes our first reaction is to place the blame for those problems on something or someone other than ourselves- X is making me feel Y. When actually in a lot of cases its OUR reaction to or relationship with X that is making us feel Y and in order to stop feeling Y we need to change something about our dynamic with X. (math nerd here).  ..You are doing really awesome and a big part of getting sober is working through all the stuff that we were drinking to avoid/escape from. This is hard and it sometimes it seems crappy and discouraging. Stick with it though and it will get easier and better (a lot). 
[deleted]
At some point the initial excitement wanes and we start thinking ok now what? It can be pretty daunting because after just a month or two we haven't necessarily cemented some new life habits yet that is *positive* changes and things we're doing and not just doing without. Hang in there...I'm curious about whether there's anything new that you've wanted to do but haven't gotten around to in the past because drinking and life. For me it was running and training for a marathon. Getting going on an exercise program in general really helps my mental health and did so even in the months before I finally stopped drinking. Just a thought.
