-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ta33s/ive_been_relapsing_but_im_noticing_why/

January 22nd and I've been sober for a combined total of 9 days out of the New Year. As I was drinking yesterday I read more about triggers but I could never quite find my own but then it hit me. I work grave shifts and after work I stop off at 7am and get my case of beer and go home. What is my trigger? It hit me like a ton of bricks! I GO HOME! The days I tried to quit I'd just lay there in bed and suffer mentally with all the suffering I've caused myself by drinking and the obsessive thoughts about my ex-girlfriend whom I loved more than anything on this planet. She won't get out of my thoughts! Here's my plan of attack! I will drink today because I literally have $1.59 in the bank and $20 cash in my wallet and I'm not able to do what I want to do and that is to join the gym. Friday is payday and I'm joining then it's a gym literally 2 blocks from my work on my way home. My plan at 7am is to pull in and just start hammering on myself everyday and join some group workouts TRX Core Power Tai Chi Cardio Kickboxing etc. I plan on staying for a couple of hours I'm still pretty fit despite being an alcoholic. I leave for home at 9am high on endorphins and hungry as hell. I always get really hungry after a work out and I'll eat. I know for a fact I won't drink after that because that's not how my alcoholic mind works my addiction. I only drink on an empty stomach because with my sick mind it's a waste of time cuz I won't get fucked up with food in me even on a case of beer. I'll be home then and I'll run head first into the brick wall to knock myself out until my alarm goes off for work! Just joking about the brick wall lol. Okay home and fed by 10am. Then what? I'll just have to wait until Friday to find out what my trigger will be then. For now it's a good plan and I'm stoked to get back into shape and feeling high on life. My other support system besides you guys is basically non existent. I have sponsors but I won't call them because of this pride thing I have. I don't ever ask for help because it doesn't work for me. No one is going to talk me out of drinking because it has to come from my not wanting to and if I want to drink then why would I call someone. Yet as sick as it sounds I don't want to drink. I can't figure that one out yet. I go to meetings and talk and listen but to me it all comes down to ME. I don't know what I'm talking about but relapsing after quitting 9 combined days one 5 day stretch has allowed me to notice the difference between Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Edit: I know I shouldn't drink today but believe me nothing will work for me but a group setting in a gym away from home. I could go to a restaurant book store etc. but working out is the only way for a guy like me because it used to be a drug of mine back in the day and I prefer that guy to the drunk! One drug for another? I'll take it.
----------immediate responses--------

I am really glad you are still trying and thinking. Intense excercise helped me a lot in the beginning of sobriety and still does now. I also find that it helps my sleep..Take care of yourself.
Aside from a group setting in a gym; have you tried an AA meeting?
&gt;Here's my plan of attack! I will drink today because I literally have $1.59 in the bank and $20 cash in my wallet and I'm not able to do what I want to do and that is to join the gym...Don't take this the wrong way but you keep saying you want to quit and then making up excuse after excuse of why you have to drink. So far your plans haven't worked so perhaps it's time to try something like AA or rehab. 
I have to say I don't love your plan of attack.  I'm a fairly serious cyclist (not competitive but I do a lot of group rides with people who are amatuer racers).  Last year I told myself that when the weather got better I'd stop drinking and just ride everyday.  I'd quit if anything just to not fuck with my riding.  Know what happened?  I got better at drinking so that I could ride despite the drinking.  I'd get back at like 8PM take a shower and then go the liquor store come home and drink fast as I could.  I'd pass out before midnight so I ended up fairly well-rested the next day.  I managed to do some pretty serious rides at pretty impressive times despite this...So I'd say: don't pin your recovery on some activity or distraction.  You simply have to decide not to drink *today* everyday.  I suggest starting right now this minute.
I dunno man this plan is dicey at best.  Im just gonna put this out there and say it.  You dont want to quit or you dont want to quit bad enough.  Okay yeah you identified some of your triggers thats good.  But you're waiting for all the right conditions or the planets to align in a certain manner and then you will stop.  Bottom line is you are half assing this whole thing youre not really trying at all.  If my words seem harsh I am sorry but its reality.  If you want to work on abstaining from alcohol it starts NOW. Not tomorrow when the weather is nice or when you have money in your account.  Just stop now and work on the next day.  Sometimes people overthink this thing alcohol is an inert substance and cannot do any damage or harm if you dont consume it.  So start with today and maybe get a few weeks under your belt before you ask for a badge. ..All the best.
Changing those patterns is a huge part of stopping. However it all boils down to being accountable to yourself. You don't need a gym to work out - do push-ups burpees go for a run/hike/walk. I will not drink today **no matter what**. I wish you the best of luck and am rooting for you!
Thank you. All of you.
Is your gym Lifetime Fitness?  Those sound like great classes especially the kickboxing.
