-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tah9s/my_new_identity/

Some time last year after a couple/few months of not drinking I felt like "my old self" again. I was energized and optimistic but not in a sustainable way. I can't be my old self because unless I go back to pre-17 years old which seems absurd at age 44 my old self was usually a drinker...At some point I gave up. The optimism fell away and my thoughts darkened. My outlook on life was pretty bleak I felt like a cockroach just eating sleeping doing very basic things none of which mattered that much to me except my kids. I didn't feel that way 100% of the time but most of it...I haven't had some huge epiphany about how I want to live my life or what happens next or who I am. One thing that I have learned though is that I have to choose a path and if I don't choose then in a way I've chosen (to drink to be pessimistic). ..I filed for divorce because I wanted to choose my future and knew that if I stayed in a marriage that was not working everyone in the family would suffer but then I didn't anticipate how much pain and healing I would have to wade through and was not prepared for it. I took a step (filing) but then got lost in the aftermath...I'm having to let go of my old identity and prepare to construct a new one. I am what I think I am if that makes sense. If I think I'm a drinker then I will drink. I choose to be a non-drinker.  ..This isn't the kindest message but hey it was Robin Williams in the movie Dead Again and I always remember the quote: "Don't tell me you're trying to quit. People who're trying to quit are basically pussies who cannot commit. Find out which one you are. Be that. That's it. If you're a non-smoker you'll know."..(sorry friends I don't think any of us struggling are pussies it's what comes after that which is important at least for me)..I'm going to look at being sober differently than before as well. I am way outside the box on a number of things in life including how I chose to educate (or not) my children. Homeschoolers and unschoolers are constantly being questioned about their methods their reasons and it's hard to be different in a world where regular school traditional parenting is the norm. That hasn't stopped me - I've never lost sight of why I embarked upon that path and I have viewed it as one small way I've made a difference in this world...I'm going to start framing sobriety in that same light - seeing drinking for what it really is and choosing something else a different path. I can use part of my existing identity to help myself become a non-drinker... for positive reasons...Obviously this is a work in progress but wanted to share where I am this morning. Peace. ..
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; My outlook on life was pretty bleak I felt like a cockroach just eating sleeping doing very basic things..We see this here all the time.  We see people who have quit drinking and have made no other changes in their lives and expect their lives to get better.  The sad fact is if the only change one makes in their life is to stop drinking life will probably not get better...For me the first few weeks consisted of what I quoted above: eating sleeping working... doing the bare minimum to get by...However as I got some momentum (at around 45 days) I started to actually change my life.  At around 30 days I started going to SMART Recovery meetings.  At around 45 days I started exercising.  For those that know me you know I exercise a LOT.  However in the beginning I was getting on an exercise bike for 7-15 minutes a day 3 days a week.  And that momentum continued to build...I made other changes in my life too.  In looking for something new and exciting I decided to check out Krav Maga.  It's Israeli self-defense.  What I didn't expect to find was an outlet to make new friends -- friends that didn't know me as a drinker.  I've made really great friends in Krav... people I talk to just about every day -- even if I've taken some time off from Krav these people are in my life...As a kid I played a lot of tennis.  As I got into better shape at about 4 months I started playing tennis again.  I went to meetup.com and found a local tennis meet up.  I met a guy there that I clicked with and he and I started playing a lot of tennis together.  I ended up also joining a tennis league and met even more cool people -- one of whom is a great friend now.  And that friendship has led me to many many others...The point of all this is to say that it wasn't quitting drinking that made me a better husband a friendable person a fit hottie a tennis superstar a Krav badass and an all-around awesome dude (it may have inflated my ego a bit).  But quitting drinking enabled me to start doing things that gave me all of these wonderful traits...Maybe you could look into being a boy/girl-scout troop leader you kids' basketball coach or get into some kind of activity just for yourself.  The things I got into have so many indirect benefits I can't recommend them enough...Good luck.
You have been arm-wrestling with alcoholism for quite awhile. Your post is articulate and heartfelt but what are you doing to reach out for help? Going it alone is not working. I'm suggesting rehab a therapist and AA because it helped me build a lifetime of sobriety. 
I have always loved that Robin Williams quote.   And I also love this one below from The Holiday. Over the last several years I have gone through a lot of what you are going through now.  Please PM me if you ever want to talk.   There may be dark days ahead.... But there is light at the end of the tunnel. The pieces of your soul will come back together..... "Listen I know its hard to believe people when they say "I know how you feel". But I actually know how you feel. You see I was seeing someone back in London. We work for the same newspaper and then I found out that he was also seeing this other girl Sarah from the circulation department on the 19th floor. Turned out that he was not in love with me like I thought. What I am trying to say is I understand feeling as small and as insignificant as humanly possible. And how it can actually ache in places you didn't know you had inside you. And it doesn't matter how many new haircuts you get or gyms you join or how many glasses of chardonnay you drink with your girlfriends... you still go to bed every night going over every detail and wonder what you did wrong or how you could have misunderstood. And how in the hell for that brief moment you could think that you were that happy. And sometimes you can even convince yourself that he'll see the light and show up at your door. And after all that however long all that may be you'll go somewhere new. And you'll meet people who make you feel worthwhile again. And little pieces of your soul will finally come back. And all that fuzzy stuff those years of your life that you wasted that will eventually begin to fade."
Good luck with your re-recovery...
