-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tdxd1/my_story_7_months_sober/

Background: I drank a few times in HS but it wasn't an issue. When I got to college I would say I was a normal drinker until the end of my first Semester (last December). I had been getting drunk alone maybe once a week up to that point which I saw as a part of being a college kid being underaged when I didn't have someone to get alcohol i didn't drink. This is until I started drinking mouthwash (21.6% ABV). I drank it a few times before I came home for the end of first semester. During intercession I would wait for my parents to go to bed and get drunk every night. This continued into second semester except now I didn't have to wait for 10pm to start drinking. The times got earlier and earlier to the point where I would wake up with a swig of listerine. To give prospective when I got my hands on 1.75 of liqueur it would generally last me no more than 4 days. When I finally got confronted by my family and girlfriend I lied my way back into being able to get drunk again half a dozen times before they made me drop out of school (not that it mattered because I was failing most of my classes). Once home I relapsed several times for months on end using my girlfriends house because she couldn't tell when I had been drinking. A few weeks before my 20th birthday is when I had my last drink at that time I promised myself if I could make it to 21 without having alcohol I could give drinking Another shot. So I'm 7 months sober and less than 6 from turning 21. I'm not sure if I will drink on my 21st birthday right now. ..Accomplishments since quitting.I've been to parties where I've been offered alcohol and refused.Been in major fights with my girlfriend that used to cause me to go on a bender and not drank.Been on horrific calls as a firefighter/emt and stayed sober after.I've started getting a fire science degree at a local CC .Celebrated my 2 year anniversary with my girlfriend.Quit my shitty old job and got a much better one..I'm not sure what the purpose of this post was. Maybe to hear someone else's thoughts about my situation. But I would love to hear any and all comments!.Thanks for reading my self important ramblings! .
----------immediate responses--------

I love reflecting back on situations like you describe that I would just not be able to handle without resorting to alcohol and today these events come and go. "Christ I could use a drink" or "fuck it I'm getting drunk" don't even cross my mind and can walk through life with some kind of peace even. ..Thanks for sharing with us. It sounds like sobriety is working out for you. Instead of worrying about your 21st how about we think about what we can do today to improve our lives?
If I were you I would keep trying to work on figuring out all the things that made you drink one day at a time and not worry about the future...The fact that you are already seeing your birthday as a day on which you have to decide whether or not to drink  concerns me.Work on improving your life and learning who you are while sober.You might find that the decision becomes less important because the answer is more obvious.
&gt; I'm not sure if I will drink on my 21st birthday right now.....  Congratulations on 7 months! ..  I couldn't believe it when I read that sentence you wrote after reading your story of getting hammered on mouthwash failing out of college lying to your loved ones and then turning it all around with an enormously successful string of events tied directly to your sobriety. I urge you to refrain from drinking at all times for all reasons. You will never be able to moderate your drinking just as all of the people on this thread cannot. That's what makes us alcoholics. We can't stop once we start. For you to have stopped drinking so young is a godsend: you've saved so many years that would have otherwise been mindlessly squandered in stupor. Don't wake up on your 41st birthday hungover wondering where the last 20 years went and hating yourself for all the shitty things you'd done drunk over that time. For all the people you disappointed the firefighter/EMT career derailed... One day /u/Davethekid will be Dave the Man and I hope that he is a happy successful person....I'm sorry if that came off strong I'm just worried that all of the good that you have accomplished could be for naught when another one of us takes another run at moderation. I honestly came here to celebrate your amazing accomplishment because I know how hard it is to string 7 months together.
