-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tgo15/anyone_other_sders_here_struggle_with_depression/

I am 22 days in since I've decided to stop drinking.  At first things were going alright there were some tough days in the past but so far I have managed to stay away from the devil's drink.  However this week has been quite a struggle. Nothing terribly bad has happened but it seems like getting out of bed is quite a chore these days.  I am also starting to over analyze things too much (which triggers my anxiety) and seem to have a hard time falling asleep at night (probably due to me wanting to lie in bed and take naps all day).  I'm taking it day by day and am very thankful that it's friday and hopefully I can get a little 'me' time this weekend.  I remain confident I will not want to drink anytime soon but I am finding it hard to enjoy my sobriety and the things that used to give me pleasure.  Has anyone else felt this way?  Any advice?  Might post in /r/depression  as well.
----------immediate responses--------

I have been seeing a specialist for depression/anxiety for quite some time now on and off even through my alcoholism. I lied and fought the help for so long. Only recently have I worked with my doctor and got on medication and a good routine to really help ease the symptoms down. Not 100% yet but I am fighting the good fight. 
What are some things that bring you joy?  I know you are feeling down in the dumps but can you get outside and take short walks?  Do you have a friend that you can walk with?  A dog?  I struggle with feeling down and have anxiety sometimes and find that a regular workout program helps my mood in a big way.  What do you think?
I wrote a [post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2nhqo1/drinking_and_anxiety/) about my own experience with anxiety awhile ago. Kind of a long one but TL/DR is you aren't alone it gets better. 
Dealt with anxiety and depression for all my life  about since ashe 11. Through sobriety  talking to other addicts  living true to myself  and a concerted effort to improve both have improved to a degree I never thought possible.  Aa helped me alot anxiety and depression seems to be almost a pre requisites for alcoholism. 
AA meetings. Lots and lots of AA meetings.
I have bipolar 1 and anxiety disorder.  Medication really really helps therapy does too if you can get a good therapist.  I definitely recommend seeing a professional!....Try to get out and get exercise as well as some sunshine.  I've found that exercising helps with both depression and anxiety.  Mindfulness meditation is good but its not that easy. Give it a try though.  I mean if you're stuck in bed you might as well make use of that time and meditate a bit. A healthy diet helps very much.  Remember to do stuff like shower and brush your teeth. Its easy to stop caring about that stuff when you're down! I don't know how /r/depression is but the bipolar subs help me and there are nice people at /r/anxiety . I also go to /r/themixednuts every day to check in and sometimes rant we accept everyone there and everyone there is nice too.  *hugs*
Try benadryl for sleep. If that doesn't work and for all of your other concerns I'd suggest seeing a dr.
Yes absolutely. I stopped around the same time you did it sounds like. With the winter and not drinking I'm turning into a hermit which is not helping things and feeling unmotivated anxiety for not doing the things I should be doing instead of laying around and bouts of insomnia like being up past 3 last night even though I was tired. ..Intellectually I know things were worse when I was drinking including the depression but that doesn't help much and while I'm glad for those folks who are experiencing wonderful clarity I'm like this is what I gave up drinking for?..Anyway. you're not alone Hang in there and I'm going to try to get some sunlight or vitamin D and see if that helps. .EDIT: Jesus I realize I sounded like Eyore here. Things will get better. Everything passes. Sometimes with the depression you just need to wait it out or get medical help. I'm sure even with the way you're feeling you're much better off not drinking and you're creating a better future for yourself. Just wanted you to know you're not alone and folks are pulling for you. 
I've found exercise and meditation helps.  Being around other people.  I havent really been doing these this last week and have been suffering for it...Don't lie in bed and sleep all day.  Make yourself get up and give yourself something to do...
Medicated for anxiety at the recommendation of our marriage counselor 2 or 3 years ago.  Family doctor agreed and prescribed it.  I've been through many of them but I'm on Celexa these days...I fully believe that using/drinking had a lot to do with calming anxiety.  Medication has given me *at least* one less reason to drink and success in sobriety is all about stacking the deck in your favor...Bottom line: I see medication for anxiety as an important part of my sobriety program.
Sleeping problems. Try melatonin benadryl/unisom if it's really bad. Seeing a doctor for this is not a bad idea either; I had sleep apnea for years that was the source of most of my depression &amp; anxiety.
[deleted]
It kinda depends.  This is really common in early recovery but it can also be part of the underlying issues that led you to drinking. In the second case it won't ease with time.  You are probably already beginning to suspect which answer is yours.  The first month especially your brain is still kinda soupy so that is for sure a factor.  It never hurts to talk to a therapist.  Always be open about your addiction history especially if they offer sleep meds.  There are options that are non-addictive but many of the standards (like Ambien) can be highly addictive.  
Strangely enough I haven't had any anxiety since I quit drinking this time around. Good luck. I hope things get better!
Yep I spent the last few months dealing with my depressions. [I got some good advice](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jxkki/taking_the_first_step_again/) when I started on anti-depressants. Along the way [I learned more about some of my drinking patterns](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2l2euu/alcohol_as_antidepressant/). Last week my depression-care nurse moved me to remission meaning my screening scores were indistinguishable from people not seeking treatment. I've thought very little about suicide for the last two weeks which is such a relief! It was hard for me to admit I had problems with depression but it's treatable and now part of my recovery. You can get help if it's more than just the alcohol-fog clearing.
I'm just going to reiterate what a lot of people here have already said.. Looking back I turned to alcohol to quell my anxiety and panic attacks. It sounds like your doing the right things. What has worked for me and changed my life is a nice combination of therapy mindfulness exercise and Lexapro. I tried therapy for a few years but it wasn't until I added Lexapro did things really turn around. .
Oh yeah. I have had massive anxiety attacks for almost 20 years now. Since I stopped drinking I've only had one and it was when I was detoxing. I'm finding what is helping me so very much is exercise drink lots of water exercise meditate did I mention exercise?
Therapy..Camimile tea
