-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2th37s/just_found_out_best_friend_fell_off_the_wagon/

Fuck. The title says it all. Found out through another friend that three weeks ago at a diaper party that my best friend and I were planning on attending together sober(I ended up falling asleep and not going) he was drinking. I didn't believe it at first my friend was over a year sober(or so I thought fuck again). He was attending recovery meetings and was finishing up finally getting his degree...So I called him and told him a mutual friend told me out of concern for him and that I was concerned about him was it a one time thing etc. Turns out he actually fell off the wagon a few months ago when he went to Florida to visit some friends. A few beers on the beach he said nothing crazy like he used too but he said he *knowingly* hid that from me and everyone around him who knew he was sober. He was eleven months and some days sober. That led to a couple drinks back home hidden and then he said he drank a few nights in a row about two weeks ago and he felt like shit about doing it. Fuck.  ..We talked for a while; about where that first drink leads moderation(he's not really a fan) our journeys in sobriety how his actions are probably leading down the path to full blown relapse and how bummed out I am that he would hide that from ME of all people.  He said he didn't want to ruin all the good work that I had been doing myself with his bad news. FUCK. I almost cried. Hearing him say he hid his drinking from me hurt. We had always been brutally honest with each other about our struggles with drinking. We worked out a deal where he will(hopefully) call me before he drinks again just to talk it through with me before deciding to really do it. ..My head is still spinning after the call. I'm upset angry worried sad disappointed confused anxious like ALL the shit I used to drink to avoid feeling all at once. Right in the guts. Sorry for the rant I always feel better typing stuff out to get it off my chest...**TL;DR: Best friend fell off wagon hid drinking from everyone till few weeks ago. Hit me right in the feels talking to him and needed to vent instead of drinking.**..I hope everyone has a good sober Friday.
----------immediate responses--------

All of those feelings are valid.  It is frustrating upsetting angering and depressing to see someone fail to feel like you've been betrayed or tricked when they hid something from you...I'm sure it took a lot for him to finally open up and confess he relapsed...but it sounds like he has a really great support in you and you have worked out a support plan with him for him to call you.  ..The fact is we can only keep ourselves sober.  We can do everything possible to support friends in recovery...but the responsibility is to our own sobriety first.  It isn't your fault that you didn't know.  It isn't your job to know...but as a best friend you are going to be a great help for him if he is ready to get back on track.  ..Hang in there.  Glad you posted here to vent.  That is what we're here for...I needed to vent (ok...whine..in my case) a bit myself tonight.
Oh I am so sorry you're feeling all these feelings.  They are justified surely and understandable - but as one of my fellow SDers I want only good for you (and all of us) and so I am sorry you're having a rough go of it right now...A friend of mine was only a few weeks dry when she want back out.  I don't have all that much time and I was surprised by how much it affected me.  More than anything it made me think "but maybe....maybe me too? Am I also not an alcoholic?"  I made sure to work my shit extra hard when I had those feelings...I hope you find some peace and I hope things work out the best for your friend.  Of course we are all here if/when you need us.
Fuck.  I know exactly how you feel.  BUT!  Do your best to remember that recovery is a bumpy road not only for you but your friend as well.  Try to not let this affect your friendship too much if your situation is anything like mine you need your friend right now as much as they need you.  I learned a lot about myself and sobriety when my sober friend relapsed it's all a part of the recovery process as far as I can tell.  We are all human and we all make mistakes.  Don't know exactly where I am going with this guess I just wanted to let you know that your are not alone.  And to remain strong.  Forgive and forget life is too short for holding onto any resentment.  And good on you for putting in place a solid plan for the future...I need to check in on my friend now...  Good luck.
That really sucks. I always struggle when a friend in recovery relapses. I have buried more than one. This will sound very harsh but after I process all my emotions around someone else's relapse I always come back to the same place: better them than me. This helps me keep perspective that everyone is responsible for their own sobriety myself included.
