-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tqcka/18_months_of_sobriety_then_a_massive_relapse/

Hi r/stopdrinking I haven't posted here in a while but I'd like to talk to you about something...In May 2013 I finally recognised the harm I was doing to myself and others with my drinking. I resolved to turn my life around and stop. Immediately it did me the world of good. It was great for my mind and my body. Over my sober journey I managed to shed 35 kilograms my state of mind improved immensely as I had been prone to depressive bouts I reforged damaged relationships I fixed my finances and finally I decided to leave my native New Zealand and move to Australia for some new experiences...I worked and travelled around Australia for several months and maintained my sobriety no problem at all. But towards November last year I had started to think along with others encouragement that perhaps I could under strict and careful guidelines start to have a social drink again...So I did and for the first month it was fine. I had it under control I was able to enjoy a few social beers. Then for Christmas I returned home to New Zealand and the old cracks started to appear. I found myself drinking 4 to 6 days a week. On Christmas Day I moved to London I have been here just on a month now and over the course of my time here I have been out of control. And it has been worse than it ever was...I have slipped in to taking narcotics (which I have never previously done) and my drinking has been excessive and have had some massive black outs. I had a fairly major incident on Friday night which led to me walking around the central city absolutely hammered on Saturday morning doing real dumb shit...I am so ashamed of myself and my behaviour since I started having a drink again...Without question the best period of adult life has been the 18 months where I was sober I was productive healthy and happy...I can no longer deny that this hasn't been a relapse it has been a massive one and I can see it for what it truley is...I have it in me to turn it around again and I will...You all helped me on my first journey I just please ask if you will help me again...My love and respect to you all...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back and thank you for the reminder of what can happen even after a long time sober. You sound like you are not trying to rationalize what's going on and are ready to get back to the happy place you were. Look forward to reading more from you. :)
Welcome back...glad you are here! ..Learn from this recent past and then put it away and start moving forward with a better life...Good luck.
Thanks. Your post serves as a stark reminder... ..And knowing what you know I'm confident that you won't drink today.
Welcome back.  What's your plan going forward?  How are you going to handle it when the voices start telling you that you can drink again (yours and others)?
Welcome back! 
&gt;perhaps I could under strict and careful guidelines start to have a social drink again...This is the key right here.  It took me a while but I eventually clued in that 'normal drinking folk' (i.e. ones without problems) are naturally able to drink socially; they don't need strict and careful guidelines they just have a couple drinks and that's that. The fact that I at one point attempted forced moderation reinforces the problem I have with alcohol. 
Thanks for posting this stark and frank warning for all of us..I am glad you have had clarity and are back on board.
Welcome back.  I know all about wandering around the early AM in a blackout stupor doing stupid shit.  Did I want to wake up in the drunk tank?  No?  Well THAT'S how you wake up in the drunk tank lol...My love and respect to you as well.  Good luck.
Thanks for posting this - I've always failed at moderation too.  Good luck having 18 months means you know you can do it again!
Thank you very much for your post friend..  .I'm only 6 months into this but that jackass between my ears likes to pop in from time to time and tell me that since I'm "all better now" I could have a couple beers or a half-pint of rotgut whiskey and "control it better this time.".  .But I play that tape out -- I don't want a beer I want a whole bottle of vodka. I don't want a drink I want to get drunk. There's no point in having one or two when I won't be satisfied until I'm blackout drunk again. And when I do finally "feel good again" I always want one more and then it starts all over again..  .I don't doubt I could drink in moderation for a little while but I always think "what's the point of doing that?" My life has gotten astronomically better in the last 6 months there's no reason why I need to play that game again. But that little voice starts talking to me again and I start to think like you did -- thank you for reminding me why I shouldn't pick up a bottle today.
I want to give you a heartfelt thanks for posting this. I'm coming up on a year and a half and I'd be lying if I said I never thought about having a drink "now and then." Hearing from you makes me realize that the price is just too high. I'm not willing to risk a relapse for the sake of a few beers. I appreciate your honesty and wish you success.
Welcome back also from a fellow cannot-moderator. May the force be with you!!
Nothin' to it but to do it man. I'm sorry this has happened to you but now there is no place to go but up!
Thanks for sharing your story. You've changed. Alcohol didn't. It's still an addictive poison. 
Thank you for posting. It is truly humbling to hear from people who've tried moderation after such a long relationship with sobriety.
Thanks for this andywards. We had about the same sober time so reading about your relapse was very personal for me. I'm sorry you had to go back out to figure it out but at least it sounds like you did. A long as you learned the lesson at hand and don't require further research to double check the numbers all is well starting today...Welcome back to your productivity health and happiness. It's been here waiting for you. :-)
This hits home for me.  I'm 1 day shy of 18 months and this was the wake up call I needed to keep those powerful thoughts at bay..I hope you are doing well emotionally.  I know relapses are a dark time.  PM if you need to talk. .Love you brother.  
Some people can moderate some can't.  Now you know and now you have no excuses. Treat it as a lesson.
25 days in for me and I needed to hear something like this. The doors are always open man keep coming back! Concentrate on getting through TODAY!
You got this. We all got this. There is no moderation. 
I don't want to moderate. almost 9 months sober and I still catch myself getting angry at someone not finishing their beer.  I either want to drink everything or nothing.  If I relapse i will know full well what I am doing.  Glad you learned a lesson and are still here to try again.  You have more tools now than you did last time I figure - you can do this even better now. 
Glad you made it back!
[deleted]
Thank you for posting and welcome back. This is indeed a great reminded wich is needed now and then. Especially the part where the drinking is under control for the first month or so... just to sort of slowly escalate into something even worse than it ever was. This is something we ALL need to remember. I "had it under control" for a month or so too after my relapse but before I knew it I was sitting there completely destroyed wondering what the hell had happened.. again?!
Here for you my friend. There was someone in one of the AA meetings I go to here in town that said that alcoholism is a progressive disease whether or not you are drinking. If you go back to the drink it will continue to get worse as the disease worsens with time. When you said you tried narcotics this time that is what reminded me of this quote. Good for you for realizing your drinking is still a problem and congrats on day 1. It's always hard to take the first step. Sending you huge hugs.
&gt; perhaps I could under strict and careful guidelines start to have a social drink again..For me it is just too much effort for little to no benefit. Tried many times and sooner or later it was always ending in massive regrets. Welcome back!
"The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death..We learned that we had to fully concede to our innermost selves that we were alcoholics. This is the first step in recovery. The delusion that we are like other people or presently may be has to be smashed." *Alcoholics Anonymous* p. 30..I sincerely hope yours is smashed. We're all different people with different personalities histories and motivations but when it comes to alcohol we are more similar than different. I'm amazed that anybody still wants to argue this point...If you haven't read the Big Book of AA [you can do so online.](http://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/alcoholics-anonymous) It has a lot of good information for anyone who wants to stay sober...I'm glad you're back.
I needed to read this today. Thank you. 
Thank you for sharing your story /u/andywards and welcome back.
We will all have successes and failures. Use this as a lesson and let it motivate you to stay sober. Your story inspires me to stay on the sober wagon! You have my support. :)
We forget the crap we got into only the good memories and we fall back into it and we recall that crap...If only we could take a picture of our emotions when we are in the gutter.  Maybe we can take a picture of the gutter at least.  ..Thanks for sharing i know myself enough to know that i will have the same "alcohol bullshit logic" sooner or later.  ....
I'm in the middle of a relapse myself. 24oz of stella 1 6 ounce round of hummas and chips loaded with sri racha of course pizza in the oven busch lite 24oz LOADED with lemon juice and a chocolate silk pie with a trillion calories! ..Actually I'm not sure it's so much an alcohol relapse as a dietary ragnarok. So got my e-cig .got season 2 of House of Cards cued up and we'll see what happens. Probably gonna wake up feeling like I gained 50 pounds. Til the parkinson's meds kick in. And then the coffee. Maybe by 4-5pm regret will kick in. ..Nah I'll probably cash my check and get a $150 impact driver that I'll used 40-50 times over 10 years.  
Thank you for sharing. I fell off after 18 months too. You can come back even stronger and smarter than before...Keep moving forward friend.
Remember that 18 months you had.  The progress you made during that time is still there.  You're not starting over but picking up where you left off.  
Be kind to yourself it's easy to pour shame on this episode. The most important thing here is that you have recognised and remembered the joy of being sober. Hold these thoughts close you've done it once you can do this again. Take care and good luck : )
 /respect.  ..I don't know what else to say.  Good luck brother.
Glad you came back. Breathe in breathe out and begin a new journey. You know you can do it!
Great start keep it going.
[deleted]
Man if I could drink like a normal person I would do it all the time. Glad you found your way back and here's to staying sober for the next 24 :)
[deleted]
I quit drinking for a month. I started out convinced I had a problem and started my life over again. After a few weeks I came out to some of my friends (who are my age in the 20-26 range). They didn't take me seriously and said I was probably overreacting. "How much did you drink? Oh I've had that much before I don't think you have a problem." Stuff like that. Then I began to listen to them and on my one month sobriety day I started again...and completely spiraled out of control. It took me another two months to decide to quit again and I've never been happier. Now I feel more confident and I'm beyond positive I'm an alcoholic *because* of my experience falling off the bandwagon. It was like the ultimate evidence that I needed. I wish you well and you're not alone. You have nothing to be ashamed of especially since you took the reins back. I wish you the best!
Thank you all brothers and sisters this is a great community and it was an essential part of my first journey and it will be so again. It has been two days and I'm feeling better already having put my foot on the path. 
