-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ts3k0/7_month_checkin/

I just felt like checking in and sharing how my progress in sobriety has gone.  I haven't been very active on SD but it really helped me when I first made the decision to get sober and I hope my experiences can help others.  ..I attend SMART meetings at least once a week and I really like the program.  I find open discussion with others always helps ground me and remind me why I made the choice to abstain from alcohol and drugs.  I find my urges and cravings for alcohol are infrequent; it's the nostalgia and finality of my sobriety that is my struggle at times.  It's easy to start forgetting how terrible you felt at your worst times and romanticize about only the good ones.  Remembering my withdrawals is the quickest way to bring me back to my purpose...On the recommendation of some of those I attend SMART meetings with I started using the Headspace app for non-religious guided meditation.  I'm only about a week into it but I find it's helped me decompress and be more comfortable in the moment.  Depression/anxiety seem to be a common thread in addiction and dealing with those underlying issues is very important in staying sober...When I first got sober I didn't know what to do with myself.  So much of my identity was based on drinking and I felt a piece of myself was gone.  Over time I've learned to take on new hobbies.  I read a lot took of golf and recently started taking a class to further my career.  ..I thank you all for your support and wish nothing but the best for each  and every one of you.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on seven months sounds like things are really going well for you!
Impressive Milestone! I love HeadSpace!
Thanks for sharing i feel better myself and looking forward to have all the traces of alcohol out of my body...Me too I have to take up some hobbies I should check the local universities and see if i can take up some classes as auditing student.
Congrats on 7 months!  Here is to the next 7.
Congrats on your 7 1/2 months! It sounds like you're finding your best.
