-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2tueu5/16_days_and_the_first_15_sucked/

I'm at 16 days today! Made it through 2 weekends one of which I went out and realized that I have never attempted to dance while sober! The cravings have sucked but I've been going to AA meetings and sober coffee dates which has been helpful. And even though I don't particularly like the AA meetings I try to go in and just walk away with one thing that I learned. I've started keeping a little pocket sized journal with these sayings in my pocket as a reminder.    ..Up until last night every day has been a struggle. I sleep at night which is a nice change but I wake up with a headache nearly every day. I'm on prescription anti-depressants/anti-anxiety and without all the booze in my system I think I'm giving them a fighting chance at actually working. But last night I was out for a walk and it just hit me. I started thinking about the bigger picture goals that I could now accomplish since I wasn't hungover every day or making excuses for why I couldn't do things. I have been so preoccupied coming up with excuses for why I **can't**. I'm not going to drink today. I'm going to save the money I would have thrown away at the bar and save for the house I want and my next vacation because I'm sober and I can!     ..Thanks SD for letting me get this all out. You guys have been such a great support system! 
----------immediate responses--------

Good job! keep it up I'm right behind you my headache was the worst last night felt like I was really getting sick. today is a new day.
You sound so positive now.  I'll bet 3 weeks ago you were a lot more negative. ..It's interesting how many times I had the experience before I actually realized that alcohol was affecting my decision-making and my moods.
Early sobriety can be tough in a number of ways.  Keep at it; it will only get better.
You're right about at the time-frame where I also discovered that truth.  Living sober is not "living without alcohol."  It's *LIVING.*  
Isn't it amazing when you realize how much energy was tied up in drinking?!  I'm still shaking my head and wondering how I made it through.  ..Now we get to play with abundance (when it comes)... energy money honesty fellowship love.....I'm happy for you and happy with you /u/offthegridkid!
you are awesome. Keep going. Every day. Forever. 
I had my last drink on 1/22/15.  Went through a supervised detox this weekend still tapering off the anti anxiety meds.  Not sleeping well alternated with sleeping like a rock.  My body feels weird but I'm getting the hang of this.  Good on you friend! 
My first ~7-10 days were real wonky.  I craved so much sugar and carbs my emotions resembled a roller coaster and I was just exhausted - it wasn't that I wanted to drink but I just really struggled with feeling so crappy...It took a bit for things to rebalance.  But even when things were down I tried to remember that it felt a billion times worse to be drunk to the point of sick or to be hungover.  That worked!..It's not that I feel like I have super strength now or life is completely different - I'm just not hungover so I can deal with the everyday things that come my way. And as I build more time I'm starting to have extra mental energy that I can use to take on more whereas before I was depleted and couldn't even deal with the daily shit life throws at you.  It wasn't a miracle feeling it's slow going but it's BETTER. ..I guess I'm trying to say - It's wicked awesome you're seeing things better now and feeling more up to dealing with things. Great! That's definitely a common feeling and feels good.  But even if you struggle again just remember it's worth the hard days...Now - where are you going on vacation?!?
Congrats!.I read that there are four things we cannot have enough of - health time love and money - and alcohol destroys all of them..Keep up the great work!
Keep it up! Great to see you post. 
Great job! Keep it up and keep up the positive thinking. Isn't it amazing what you realize how much you can accomplish now that you aren't spending so much time and money on booze. ..You got this!
It's been interesting to me to note how many habits I have to break other than just the act of drinking. Bleak outlook thought loops about how I screwed everything up worrying about how to cover for myself today hiding from people etc. I find myself doing these things sober and have to remind myself that I live in a safer more hopeful place now. Happy to hear about this breakthrough in your mood! Life is a lot more exciting when we aren't constantly planning sabotage.
&gt;I started thinking about the bigger picture goals that I could now accomplish since I wasn't hungover every day or making excuses for why I couldn't do things.  ..There's a lot that can be accomplished if we are willing to work.  Congrats on your 16 days!  Keep going!  In my experience it gets easier!
Congrats!..I just can't get enough of story's like yours. Of success over the addiction!..It's truly an inspiration for those who are still struggling! ..Keep it going!
But the 16th day was beautiful so it was well worth it.  Nothing worth having was ever achieved without effort - Theodore Roosevelt
Being able to start actually working toward the bigger-picture goals really hit home for me. I had the same realization. I'm so happy for you (us!).
