-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2twh82/i_am_an_alcoholic/

From the daily struggles to the way I could never moderate to the way I jumped into problem usage almost immediately in high school it is clear that I am an alcoholic. As soon as I knew what alcohol felt like I started making bad choices to recapture the feeling and also while intoxicated. Drunk driving stealing drinking before gym class in the locker room and taking 24 hour Nyquil vacations alone all happened in high school and things only got worse from there. I tried pot and being stoned all day was my main interest for many years. I tried LSD and immediately started a 15 year obsession with all things psychedelic. I tried ephedrine and that immediately became an every day habit for 8 years. I risked my freedom and the well being of others hundreds maybe thousands of times in my quest to escape reality. ..Every day I have to convince myself not to get drunk. At least I don't think about moderation. That road has been closed off and I don't even want it anymore. It is all or nothing. By some grace it has been nothing for the last 69 days...It seems clear now that my wiring is not like that of most people. From the first taste of the alcohol buzz I gave up anything I had to in order to recapture the feeling. There is nothing to be ashamed of. Though I chose to try and escape the painful reality that was my upbringing I did not choose to dive head first into addiction. It was a force stronger than myself. With some age and a little wisdom I see that I can choose abstinence and that is the only way I was or ever will be able to live a good life. My name is Matt and I am an alcoholic.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey doc!  Congrats on the 69 days!..&gt;Every day I have to convince myself not to get drunk.  ..I know you've read Carr.  Have you ever read David K. Reynolds?  In any case I hope you will keep your attention focused on *constructive activity* because we are coming up on 90 days fast!
Hi Matt. I want to congratulate you on your 69 days and resolve to not drink. It's no easy feat. Reading this made me think of myself. &gt;At least I don't think about moderation. That road has been closed off and I don't even want it anymore. It is all or nothing...I hope that drinking remains nothing to you and wish you all of the best.
hehe 69 . . . ...okay okay seriously congratulations that's awesome. ..I hope your daily mettle grows stronger. ..Addiction is a horrible thing and you know you and I are blessed.that we have a means to escape its grasp. (although it'll never be cured)
Powerful realization! It's kind of cathartic though to realize that the desire to have a bazillion drinks/drugs/ after you have just one probably won't go away. For me that sealed the deal with drinking - there might be some non-zero chance I could moderate for some small period of time probably not but I will never enjoy it and will want chase that buzz forever. Not a happy way to live...Have you found any mental clarity in other parts of your life?
Thanks for posting Matt.
