-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2txf7m/people_notice/

http://imgur.com/JlTcA6q..I should note that I had gone 6 months without drinking or smoking prior to a couple of relapses in the late fall/winter of 2014. However three weeks back on track and I've been out on a date with someone who guessed that I didn't drink based off of my skin and overall healthy presence. The benefits are worth it. Trust and believe.
----------immediate responses--------

I am about to close out day 6 and already people are asking me what is different about me.  I'm not afraid to look in the mirror when I get out of the shower any more.  My cheeks were always so red and the skin under my eyes pale that it looked like I had been up skiing all day with goggles on.  The redness is not fully gone but my pores are visibly smaller and the redness is only mild.  This has been one of my most motivating factors that and being able to conduct a sentence with pausing for 30 seconds to remember what I was trying to say...Congrats on the new look :D
The same exact thing is happening to me. People have randomly told me my skin looks great that I look less tired that I've lost weight (I haven't really). Random people are more likely to talk to me. A few times girls have randomly flirted with me...This is real and it feels great. Congratulations.
I know exactly what you mean! I am getting great compliments - hair skin weight and energy levels. I am smiling most of the time too and everyone looks great with a smile on their face :). Keep going dude and enjoy those compliments.
That's awesome! Yes people definitely do notice more than we'd think both when we're sober and when we were drinking. Much better compliments on this side of the fence.
This! I have a friend who quit 4 years ago and she looks amazing. Friends of mine who haven't seen her in a long time always comment on how great she looks...I have replaced my morning hangover face with a tired from insomnia face. At least I'm smiling and not hung over.  .
Definitely- friends that I see now who haven't seen me since I quit all remark how good I look with lost weight and better looking skin..Still have bags under my eyes but those have been there since I was a teenager they are just less pronounced now. 
