-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2u917x/strange_week_strange_night_but_it_turned_out_ok/

I'm sort of forcing myself to post here tonight because I've been struggling a lot this week with my thoughts and feeling so upset and frustrated that I can't seem to express myself. I spent my childhood and adolescence hiding from things and I find it so difficult to open up. Add the drinking and using to the mix and I feel almost brain dead. Every time I try to write an assignment or speak up in a meeting the critical voice in my head pipes up so fucking strongly telling me I can't write or speak coherently that I am undeserving and unworthy of help. I've been to a few meetings and met some nice people but still can't bring myself to reach out and call or text them when I'm feeling shit and scared...I wasn't going to go to my young persons meeting tonight but I wanted my 30 day keyring so I dragged myself there. About 30 mins into the meeting a man turned up who I'd met at my first meeting. This shocked me as he's a lot older and had never seen him at this meeting before. I was actively trying to avoid him by going to this meeting. I posted about it a while back as he was making me feel uncomfortable by bombarding me with calls and texts and then getting other group members involved asking them where I was or if they'd heard from me (I'd met him only twice). He also lied to people saying we'd slept together. All in all I was really freaked out by this and felt really violated and upset. So when he walked into this meeting tonight I swear I had like a physical reaction. Then I felt like an idiot for feeling so afraid and upset. My heart was pounding and my legs were shaking and I nearly left but I thought fuck you I need to learn how to manage situations and I want my 30 day key ring so I'm staying put. It was horrible as I really struggled to stay focused on what people were sharing as my instinct was telling me to run far far away...The reason I feel this turned out ok is that after the meeting I immediately reached out and grabbed the nearest female and asked her to stay with me and walk me out of the building and we spoke for a while until I had calmed down. Although I still felt agitated I was pleased that I had stayed put and asked for help. ..I don't know if this makes sense. I feel like I'm being silly and over reacting but I felt so many emotions and I guess I'm not used to letting myself feel anything. It did briefly make me want to take a huge glug of white wine but I came home and made a cup of tea...If you've read this far thanks for reading me babbling on. I just feel like I should try to post here tonight and write something because I've been living in my own head for the last few weeks and it's not always a great place to be...I hope everyone has a great weekend. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 30 days! ..I don't know what to tell you about everything else but stay safe.
You didn't overreact. Period. ..I'm angry and upset just reading your post! You responded very intelligently if you ask me.
First of all you are not overreacting and you did the perfect thing to take care of yourself. The man is a predator plain and simple. Just because someone is sober does not make them a good person....it just doesn't work that way. ..You reached out! You broke through that hard surface and showed someone else that you are a human being and you have feelings going on up there...and you felt vulnerable. Such a huge step you made tonight daisy. And he comes to that meeting again you have an ally now who can help you recruit other allies if needed. ..Glad you posted and glad to see you taking care of yourself. :-)
In early sobriety an AA meeting is one of the few places where a recovering alcoholic should not feel afraid and upset.  This man is obviously not working a solid program.  As a member of AA this angers me and I apologize for your situation...Can you tell a more experienced member of your concerns to try and get this creep to leave you alone?  
