-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ua5r2/12_days_in_and_im_pretty_terrified_of_myself/

I'll keep this short because I'm sure many can relate and it's not a terribly original thought. But there have been a handful of moments in these past twelve days where I've been insanely close to drinking again. I was rationalizing in my head "I'll just tell the family I'm sobering up - which is technically true - and instead just drink a few days a week."..I've tried this many times; it never works...I mean if I wasn't in the shower mulling it over and I was instead walking next to a liquor or convenient store... there is a strong chance I would have relapsed today...There's this very (seemingly) rational part of my brain and this part of my brain often says **"you know your life is screwed up because of *you* right? Not because of the alcohol. Take responsibility. You were actually *more* productive when you drank. Go ahead; take the edge off."**..I know. It's not that simple. Years ago when I had no dependency on drugs or alcohol whatsoever my life was so much brighter. It's only since forming bonds with these substances that I can now actually point to examples of "brighter" intoxicated days: (my brain) "remember that day? You got a lot done that day. Yeah you were hammered. And what have you accomplished in these last twelve?"..I think I mostly just needed to vent. Thanks for the opportunity guys.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;  Years ago when I had no dependency on drugs or alcohol whatsoever my life was so much brighter. ..Yes bravo!  There is no reason you can't get that back. You weren't born into this world craving alcohol.  You learned to love it. You can un-learn it too...This is from [one of my favorite articles](http://www.jamesaltucher.com/2011/05/its-your-fault/) of all time:..&gt; Take a deep breath. You're three years old. You like to bounce a ball. You throw it down. It comes back up. You throw it down. It comes back up. You're happy. Your mommy just got you the ball. It was the day after you accidentally went in your pants in nursery school and they had to send you home. You cried. Your mom got you the ball. The ball has swirls of color on it. You throw it down with one hand. It comes right back up. You catch it with the other hand. You're so happy. If you're lucky maybe one day you can be that happy again..
Keep focusing on the end goal short term pain long term gain. 
We are gonna make it to day 13 tomorrow. 
You will hear a lot of people say "one day at a time". Which is an excellent and truly helpful mantra. But sometimes I personally need to take one second at a time. I also try to turn my "little" wins into bigger wins. You were terrified of yourself for mentally knowing how easy it would be for you to just relapse. But you didn't! You felt those feelings and then they eventually passed onto the next moment. That's huge! You should congratulate yourself in having tools to help you stay sober. You didn't have those tools 2 weeks ago but you do now! ..Eventually the obsession will start to go away. But it's almost a guarantee that you'll be hit with a major booze pang right out of nowhere. The great news is though is that you know for s fact you can cope. You did it before when you were more vulnerable. You can do it. 
I am right there with you! Thats when I try to get as close to my family as possible and use them as walls. They keep me from drinking sometimes without even realizing it.
Learning to deal with urges is one of the first big challenges of abstinence. My first month wasn't just day by day but often hour by hour and minute by minute. The good news is that urges only last a few minutes if you don't dwell on them and they fade in frequency as you accumulate more time abstinent. [DEADS](http://alcohol.addictionblog.org/coping-with-urges-and-cravings/) is an easy way fro me to remember strategies for dealing with them:..  .* Delay/Distract  .* Escape  .* Avoid  .* Dispute  .* Substitute
I have been listening to music from when I was between 12-15 years old. The joyous memories have been flooding back in and I can almost time travel in my mind back to my "brighter days". ..I am also using a multi-faceted recovery strategy this time around. Yes this time. I've been where you now are so many times. I am meditating daily. Getting in bed early when that lying deceitful voice tells me to pick up again. Walking everyday. Some AA. Reading lots of recovery info like here at SD. I swallowed my pride and went to my first counseling session this past week. I will be going back. I intend to start yoga in the near future...I personally had to say out loud to the nasty voice in my head "Fuck you! You whiny little temper tantrum throwing bitch. You are no longer welcome. Your days are numbered. I will beat you."..You can beat this. Many have and I have faith in you. Have a big ole' Internet Hug ( {} ).
is it possible that you THINK you were more productive when hammered?  and what value is there in being productive but HAMMERED?  maybe placing value on loving yourself instead of productivity would help?  I think everything you're going through is normal part of the bullshit process of letting go of this addiction/poison and I can tell I can feel it that YOU CAN DO IT ... love yourself
Hi. I'm glad you're here I'm glad you're sober. ..The last time I quit drinking 2 weeks in I was where you are now. Physically fine but mentally shaky. My last night of drinking caused 2 black eyes and a dozen stitches in my forehead. I actually found myself almost buying beer a few times then catching my own battered reflection in the store cooler door. Those visible wounds stopped me from relapsing I was so far gone that I thought myself lucky to have the black eyes...I was doing the same thing you are: rationalizing arguing with myself trying to stop the voice pushing me to drink. It was a struggle and I was losing the battle. ..That's when I gave in and went to an AA meeting. I hated the idea I thought it was a borderline cult or at least a bunch of jesus freaks I was sure it wasn't for me. But I was desperate enough to stay sober that I gave it a try. That first meeting was like a weight off my shoulders. Just talking about it with other people who understood was a huge help. Just listening to people who had been where I was and had built happy sober lives was inspiring. I walked out of that first meeting knowing I could learn to live sober and that I wanted a sober life. In a few weeks I will have 10 years sober. Something in those meetings turned it around for me.  ..At its core those meetings are about alcoholics talking it out with each other and that works. In my experience a web forum or chat room is helpful but not quite as powerful. Not every AA meeting is fun in fact sometimes they are a drag. But I have never ever walked out of a meeting wanting to drink. ..www.aa.org has a meeting finder. Meetings vary widely in format and personality. I highly recommend you try all the meetings near you until you find one that clicks. ..Good luck be well and please don't drink today.
