-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ue8vq/longtime_lurker_first_time_poster_today_is_day/

So I've browsed this sub for a while and finally want to take the plunge. ...I am an alcoholic....It's strange typing that because regardless of what people have thought I've never really felt like one. I have felt like 2 bottles of wine in an afternoon/evening was totally permissible  that 9 high Abv IPAs was normal or some other lie I tell myself. I need to change....I'm 28 a highly educated professional and I consider myself a highly functional alcoholic. I don't get drunk on the job don't go out to the bars regularly never drink liquor so I've never admitted that I have a problem. I get up for work nurse a hangover and go for a bike ride after a night of drinking at home. But the volume secrecy and solitary style of my consumption worries me; I have no reason to be drinking it's not fun anymore and the hangovers get worse and worse. ...I tried to quit last year made it 5 months before I decided that I could try moderation since I was able to give it up for so long. A lot of my family members drink heavily I'm genetically pre-disposed for alcoholism on both sides and a every family event is flooded with booze. Within a month of trying moderation I was sneaking drinks behind my fiancee's back and drinking to get drunk. Then regularity and secrecy began back up; hitting a point where I would chug a few malt drinks while walking through the park on my way home disposing of the cans and popping gum in to mask the smell from my fianc e. I sometimes just feel like a witness to my own relapses; I'll be on my way to Trader Joe's to pickup hummus and beer know I shouldn't drink but still go through with the purchase and imbibing. I'll be halfway through a case of beer get a headache not really enjoying drinking but still decide to keep drinking until I finish the case. I don't know why I do it. I feel better without booze in my life I feel healthier I stay slimmer my chronic depression is easier to keep at bay and I save money... but somehow I keep going back....I need this cycle to stop. I want to change. And I want today to be the first day of that.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Grab a badge from the sidebar and settle in...Yes your story sounds familiar.  I still had a job house and car when I quit.  The secrecy and the guilt got overwhelming and it was all to obvious that moderation was out of the question...Whether you're drinking IPAs with hummus and pita chips or handles of rotgut vodka like I was or chemical wines out of a paper bag like a wino it doesn't matter - the pattern is the same...Recovery requires mindfulness and diligence.  But the payoff is enormous.  Congrats on your decision.
&gt;Within a month of trying moderation I was sneaking drinks behind my fiancee's back and drinking to get drunk. Then regularity and secrecy began back up;..This sounds so much like me.  I still have my job wife motorbike and would also call myself a functional alcoholic - I used to drink daily to sleep every night before marriage and we worked on moderation - but I found myself like you going behind my wife's back and buying more that I had actually said etc etc...Good that you have admitted it's a problem that is a huge step forward.  That you desire to stop is also excellent - I went for a long time thinking I can stop any time for a while...You can do it - one day at a time.  There's a thread posted daily here where you can declare you won't drink today - it works for me when I can't get to any support meetings.  
Welcome.  Your story parallels mine in so many ways.  Grab a badge and take it one day at a time.  Believe me  if I can do this  so can you!  
Oh man so much of what you say resonates so strongly with me. Especially the bit about going to the store not wanting to buy alcohol buying it anyway not wanting to drink it drinking it anyway etc. God how tiring that was...Congrats on your post and your decision to quit! Keep posting here and good luck! 
I too was a lurker who just started becoming a person who does not drink two days ago. Last night was tough but looking at the most up voted comments (sidebar) gave me two thoughts to hold on to...Be honest self --- I don't want a drink I want a drunk; not today..I'm looking at my hand there is no drink in it I *am* becoming a person that does not drink. [breathe pace the house reddit repeat until too tired to stay awake]
[deleted]
"Highly Functional" is a measurement taken from the bottom up. Its a step on the way down the ladder. I  liked "functional alcoholic" as a description for myself because it allowed me to keep drinking...In my twenties I was an out of control disaster. Then I had my first real epiphany and after a short period of not drinking I (in my mind) mostly regained control of my drinking. For nearly 20 more years I knew I had a problem with alcohol but I held my job paid my bills didn't crash my car etc. etc. so I was okay by my own yardstick.I was a "functional alcoholic". It was only after some time sober that I realized how screwed up my thinking really was and how completely un-"functional" my life was...Welcome on board and take care of yourself.With some time sober you will be able to recalibrate your fuctional measurements too!
I totally get you on the smell-masking. I must have gone through a couple hundred tins of altoids over the years. Dunno if it worked or not. Regardless you have the ability to make that change you want. A lot of us here find that having a solid plan in place goes a long way. For example planning out alternate things to do after work thinking through times / emotions / states where you typically find you want to drink building a support network and so on. What types of actions can you take today to start building a baseline for quitting and staying stopped?
Towards the end of my drinking career I didn't enjoy it anymore. Around 4:00 pm at work I was craving a drink so bad I was miserable. I've found it's so much better to be off the stuff. I'm not longer a slave to alcohol and it feels great. Good luck to you. It will be hard the first few days week month but you can do it. .
