-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ufwqa/yesterday_was_300_days/

I feel fucking great. I haven't wanted a drink in months. Thanks to treating the real problem which is mental illness. If you have or think you have a mental illness I urge you to seek treatment and psychological testing. The right treatment will destroy the urge to drink. I struggle with depression anxiety and PDNOS. I always wanted a drink because it would make me less anxious and being drunk made me not depressed for a little while but it also had the effect of me puking and not remembering anything. I have a terribly addictive personality on top of that thanks to the cluster B traits. Since starting intense therapy and especially after changing my medication I feel a lot better and I don't even think about alcohol. The problem that was causing me to want to drink in the first place is a lot more manageable with meds and therapy...Edit: If anyone wants to take this to heart I know some good people in Atlanta if anyone needs any recommendations.
----------immediate responses--------

So far I have had the same experience just reversed!  Once I quit drinking my anxiety and depression have almost disappeared.  ..Making it much easier to stay off.  It was a bad cycle for me : Drink&gt;Feel anxious&gt; Drink to feel less anxious.  Turns out the start was the drinking! ...Congrats on 300 days! Such an accomplishment! ..Hope to be on your level soon!..-Monetary
I have 340 days. But heroin not alcohol but I do think it's super similar. Anyways just wanted to share this because I used to take ALOT of psychotropic medication after the heroin thing like it took 5 antidepressants a day plus benzos. If that works for then great please keep up with it. But for me I came to the conclusion that I just as a philosophical matter do not want to take drugs everyday so I cold turkeyed all of them. I started meditating long before this and started to meditate much more. It relieves all of my anxiety like doesn't take it away but makes it infinitely easier to deal with. Just a thought I'm sure your psyhpvhiatrist will tell you it's really fucking good for you. Anyways if your into it check out /r/meditation! /endsermon
It sure was!
Congrats on the 302 days!  Glad to hear you are doing well!
