-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uhus2/i_want_to_call_it_quits/

The last few days have been shitty for no reason. Nothing really bad has happened but I just can't shake this feeling...I hadn't any alcohol cravings but the other day I posted about craving some drugs randomly and my shit hasn't been right since. Now for a few nights in a row I just want to drink... I know I can't moderate I know that I have no control over alcohol and I know that drinking solves nothing. But I am just struggling to give a shit...Years and years ago I was driving down the road in the middle of the day drinking a 40 and smoking a Newport (yeah drinking and driving like a scumbag) and it suddenly dawned on me that I was just a total piece of shit and it made me smile... I know that is just utter crap but I liked being no good. I liked being a piece of shit. I didn't care that I was dying more and more everyday. I was like that for a long time until the other day when I broke down and cried like a bitch to my girlfriend... And quit drinking for 37 days...I feel so stupid. I'm ready to just throw it all away. I don't know where I'm going with this. I'm not going to drink today I guess. But existence in general just seems like shit to me and I'm once again forgetting the point of any of this...Sorry...
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there Prime. I ain't got to coals of wisdom for you like other awesome SD'ers but I got some good feels I'm sending through the invisible connections of the interwebs. 
I felt quite good in early sobriety then days 35-38 just sucked. My motivation to 'do the right thing' seemed to vanish and I just felt like "fuck this". I became very irritable and had no patience and just couldn't see a point to it...Like all things it passed...Hang in there /u/PrimeapeGuy the pendulum will swing again. Sobriety is totally badass. The strongest thing is sitting with our own weakness...Keep on keepin' on one day (good or bad) at a time
I feel ya man. Just keep stringing together days and something is bound to happen that will shake you out of this funk. I am also uninspired right now regarding sobriety but have seen more than one of these funks clear up on its own. One thought can trigger a fresh new outlook. We just need to put in our time.
Hang in there guy this will pass. Maybe do some stuff to get out of your own head because your head is full of dangerous things right now.  How about volunteering at the local soup kitchen or food shelf? Helping others is always a boost both for them and for you. I know you eschew traditional suggestions because you're a unique special snowflake ;-) (I say that with love you know) but maybe try just one to see if it helps. 
