-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ujksb/30_days_i_never_thought_id_have/

Day 30: did my morning mantra-I am an alcoholic I will not drink today but I love myself and I am working a solution everyday. 30 days. 30 days ago I wondered how I'd ever get 30 days because that seemed like so long. 30 by choice and in someway not by choice. Because my will would still have me out binge drinking on weekends and having those few IPA's during the week. I had to ask something else for help because my will wasn't working. I'm still not sure what's propelling me forward and keeping that desire to have a few in the evening at bay but it's keeping me from having them. And that's all I can ask for. ..As I was driving home from my morning meeting I realized something: I don't ever have to wake up hungover again. I don't have to wonder what I said to people or try to put the pieces of the night before back together from snippets of what I remember.  I don't have to lay on my couch feeling like shit and eating not to enjoy it but to get something in my stomach to try and "soak" up the remaining alcohol and crying uncontrollably. I don't have to have the hangover nap the next day or live in that fog for two days. I don't have to have that heartbreaking soul crushing depression that was induced because of the copious amounts of alcohol I drank. That depression that drove me to think that it would never get any better. That depression that gave me no hope about having a family being content accepting life and thinking I can handle it. I don't have to again if I work at it. If I work at being sober everyday. Some days will require more work others not so much. But all that I don't have to have again. That's what I realized this morning. ..Another thing I realized when I was driving home: I like going to meetings. Before I went to keep me sober. I went to not be alone in this. Now I want to go. I want to see all those awesome people even if I know outside that room our personalities would clash I want to see them because it gives me hope. Whether they've relapsed newcomers have 1 or 4 or 20 years I want to be around those people. It's hope that if I relapse I can do it again. Or if I stay sober that I can have 5 years or maybe 20 and a good life. That I can do this and that there is hope. Real hope is something I've never really had before. But today on day 30 I've got it. And I'm gonna cling to that mofo. And I hope I can give it away to people who need it too. ..30 days. And today I will not drink. Thanks for reading my long post I really appreciate it and I appreciate having SD and my fellow SD'ers and sobies. Stay safe today! Kitten out.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I made it through my first week but I still have squirrels in my head telling me "you dont have a problem" but I know I do and this sub is helping me so much! Way to go! 
Congrats on 30 days! I can't wait to hit that number this week! It's an amazing feeling getting this far. Keep up the great work!
Really great post! Thank you and good luck in your sober life!
i never even though to think about sobriety in terms of what i'd never have to deal with again. thanks for sharing. i am looking forward to ditching a lot of the depression physical illness etc. and trading it in for more positive things. 
By now I'd wager alcohol is scared to death of you!
I walked into what would become my home group feeling broken and desperate. I walked out with *hope*. It's such a wonderful and amazing emotion. I'm glad you found it! [Cling to your hope with all your claws out](http://s589.photobucket.com/user/randall001/media/009.jpg.html). Here's to 31 and many more.
&gt;I don't have to have the hangover nap the next day or live in that fog for two days. I don't have to have that heartbreaking soul crushing depression that was induced because of the copious amounts of alcohol I drank. That depression that drove me to think that it would never get any better. That depression that gave me no hope about having a family being content accepting life and thinking I can handle it. I don't have to again if I work at it...This really resonated with me- I had the same realization a couple of weeks ago. Thanks for posting. 
HOORAY FOR YOU!!! I've been watching your number increase with a big smile on my face :D &lt;----a super big smile!..I also look forward to meetings and I can't freakin believe it. Never in a million years would I have though I would go to AA let alone enjoy it. And yep...all those crazy people that are happy to see you! I can't stand some of them but I still love that they're there. They teach me tolerance and unconditional kindness...Here's to another 30! And another and another and another ;)
I'm late but I want to say congratulations and thank you for always inspiring me :)..I appreciate your posts!
