-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uk855/didnt_survive_super_bowl_sunday/

Well my mom bought me some beer last night so I had a couple beers and watched the game and then went to sleep sober. Just kidding I drank all four in about an hour and a half and then drank shitty box wine until I passed out. ..So today I basically Had The Talk with her about how I have a problem and want to quit drinking forever. She was pretty understanding and needless to say won't be offering me alcohol. ..I feel pretty good actually and like I'm going to get this to stick. I was sober for most of last month had to put down my dog and didn't drink on that day. I just need to not be around the shit for a few months or years until I can become the dude who sits down at a bar and orders a diet coke. I told myself I would just keep escalating my recovery efforts so now I'm telling people and if that doesn't work I'll start going to meetings...Also thanks to the folks who deal with the badge stuff. I didn't think about it until I relapsed but going through those must be a bummer.
----------immediate responses--------

im in the same boat as you- im struggling today. good luck!
&gt;  if that doesn't work I'll start going to meetings...So that's what you're doing tonight? Have you looked up a local meeting and made plans to attend today?..
Well it was probably the best first step - telling your Mum - and now you can move on with SD.  We're here for you :)
I have a small tractor with a snow plow on the front of it.  I try to help the neighbors with the walks and their driveways.  Occasionally some one gives me liquor as a present for being helpful.  I don't drink it because for me alcohol is a poison.  It was killing me.  My alcoholism landed me in federal prison.  So while I am courteous to my well-intentioned neighbors I am just as likely to drink drain cleaner as consume their gift of alcohol...I make a conscious and deliberate daily decision not to drink alcohol--gifts of alcohol football games open bars concerts good news or bad news won't change that decision.  By doggedly persisting in the early days of sobriety it go easier and easier and now sobriety is something desirable and valuable to me.  The daily commitment: I will not drink TODAY means that today I have kept the commitment to myself for 1996 consecutive days.  ..I don't say that to brag or to be superior--if I can do this anyone can do this.
Don't beat yourself up over it if you learned something about yourself. It sounds like you did let this lesson reinforce your reasons to choose sobriety.
