-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uobwl/close_to_relapse/

I haven't drank since New Year's Eve.  Somehow I have no idea how...I am stressed.  I don't see the point of staying sober any more.  My life does not seem any better or more fulfilling.  Obviously quitting drinking isn't a cure for life's problems action is required so it seems like drinking is neither here nor there.....I don't feel that being sober for the past month has done anything except remove my ability to escape.  I used to get home after a stressful day and down a bottle of wine and it felt great being drunk...I'm really questioning why I quit.  I suppose I know somewhere inside that it was the right thing to do which is why I'm posting here...But shit I am just not feeling the motivation to stay sober after work tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

Things don't get magically better in a month as alcoholics we want instant gratification...Now when i need to destress i'll do a craft or read a book or sleep or some such thing. ..But the biggest advice anyone has ever given me about wanting to drink to escape troubles is "When you drink your problems have babies." Which is true. ..
&gt;I haven't drank since New Year's Eve. Somehow I have no idea how...Maybe now is the time to find out how to be sober?  For a lot of us if we tried recovery without a plan (or without having any idea how) we were just marking time until our next drink.  Having a proactive plan however gives us tools support and new habits thus allowing us to move past misery in sobriety to happiness in recovery...Good luck.
I'm right there with you buddy... I've heard that it's common to forget why we are sober during the 30-days.....I have been struggling for the past 5 or so days... Started with a single craving and has just been an annoying mess since then...But I've been trying to stay afloat here... It was my one escape too but how far do we really escape when we drink? The problems don't go away everything is still there we just dumb ourselves down for a few hours and hope not to make too big of idiots out of ourselves. Drinking doesn't solve anything... I know that but sometimes it's hard to give a shit...I looked back over my personal list of why I quit drinking and that's been helping me stay on the path.
Great news that you have come this far! Keeping a list of reasons you quit helps a lot because you are going to question yourself. Your brain wants to drink because that's what it's used to. Don't give in and take it one day one hour at a time. Get to bed sober tonight and repeat.
Will you feel better tomorrow morning about drinking tonight? Will you wake up and tell yourself boy I'm sure glad I got hammered last night and passed out. Hell no you won't. I almost caved in over this weekend and the feeling of not nursing a bottle is worth it alone...Man up and kick the poison. Feels great being drunk? Compared to what?
I went through a lot of the same things you are feeling but now at 80 days looking back I realized I just needed to give it more time be open minded and try some new things...Sobriety = Abstinence + Change..If I just stopped drinking I would be having a terrible time right now.  Focusing on aspects of my life that I wanted to change and then going out and finding the necessary tools to accomplish the change has been what brought me contentment and balance in recovery...It gets better but you gotta put in the work.  I find comfort in knowing that regardless of how long it takes for change to appear I can always rely on abstinence to keep me dry until the changes come.
Lots of euphoric recall going on here...Certainly if all that alcohol did was give you a great feeling and a chance to escape you would have never quit in the first place...The (previous) suggestion of making a list of reasons to stay sober is a good one.  Also consider gratitude as the topic of your list.  Write down all the things in your life you are grateful for.  Ask yourself if taking a drink would make you feel more grateful or less.
Hang in there!  I had a bad day Sat. angry and confused.  Going back to my tool box I found more attitude shit to process while not giving in.  I found myself playing that "tape" back.  Tomorrow is going to be a wonderful day-----because I did not drink today.
This may seem weird but bear with me. Try writing about your day it'll give you a chance to literally 'get it out of your head' as it were. So you can then move on and truly relax and go to bed with your mind clear. Exercise/swimming followed by a sauna is a great way to escape(if you like that kind of thing!)  Be kind to yourself buy yourself something( with the money you have saved) so you have a tangible reminder of why it's great being sober. We are all climbing this mountain it's bloody hard but I hear the view gets better the higher we go! Good luck to you fellow sobernaut keep on trucking : )
Go to an AA meeting and share.  You will leave feeling differently than you do now.  If not drink then.  But share about it - it goes a looooong way.
What exactly caused you to stop drinking? Because if you go back to it you're gonna get a whole lot more of whatever it was...Try an AA meeting. It's worked for 2 or 3 million people; it might work for you.
I think its important to have both a reasons to stay sober and reasons not to drink. A reason not to drink might be recalling the bad things that happened to you or happen to you when you drink. A reason to stay sober is something positive in your life worth staying sober for. ..But yes I was talking to my therapist recently about this. I dont see her that often anymore but I saw her last week and we were talking about the first few months. I thought about giving in life wasnt great money and other problems were still controlling me. But with time hard work I made things better. I now work a job where I make enough to support myself live comfortably and do some fun things for myself. I also took up powerlifting. My numbers arent fantastic but I now have a coach and a few guys I train with and I should be competing in a couple months. Thats why I stay sober. I dont drink because I remember the sickness withdrawals and general misery. 
