-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uogcz/what_i_have_found_after_5_days_quitting_and/

Hi im 21 from UK drank 75cl vodka a day (750ml) a day since I was 19. I stopped on thursday its now Tuesday. today I drank. when I stopped friday and Saturday was a bit horrible I was craving hard but sunday and Monday were amazing and so was this morning I felt so 'clean' and naturally happy for the first time. I had been lifting like I used to every day and running every day and I think this helped me keep quit. because after the first day of exercise and diet I felt well fuck it if I drink today then what was the point of the last few days? anyway today I decided to drink more just to make sure that alcohol was boring for me now. it wasn't. I loved life I was content relaxed so chill will life but that lasted maybe 3 hours off of 750ml vodka. That was 3pm its now 9pm and now im sober feel a bit ill and tonights sleep will be shit. I could have easily replaced that vodka craving time with a binge watch of a tv show and been better off for it. ..TLDR; unless your going to be drunk 24/7 your going to have to be sober at some point of the day. stop drinking and those sober points become almost as good as your past drunk moments
----------immediate responses--------

"decided to drink more just to make sure that alcohol was boring for me now."..O_O That's a new one.....I don't think 5 days is enough to even really get the booze out of your system friend...
&gt;just to make sure that alcohol was boring for me now..Why would you need to make sure of that? Why would it matter? The entire point is that it's *not* boring for you. If it were boring for you you wouldn't be an alcoholic. And anyway if it *were* boring you wouldn't have to "make sure" it was because you wouldn't want it anyway. I'm not trying to get on your case. This just struck me as strange reasoning...Now onto your main point:..&gt;those sober points become almost as good as your past drunk moments..No they become better. :) You will see in time. If you felt good after a few days you'll feel even better a year after quitting. It gets *so* much better. 
&gt; just to make sure that alcohol was boring for me now..Yup did that too on day 3 (the that thinking I could get away with one drink). Not going to test that again today for sure (and I'll make the same pledge tomorrow)...Welcome back
This makes no sense to me sorry.  And frankly you shouldn't be posting here if you drank 750ml of vodka 6 hours ago.  Of course you are still drunk...Come back tomorrow when you are sober.
