-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uqkro/day_1/

Hi everyone.I've been reading your posts for the past months and I finally decided to join in because I want to change and I need some help...So here's my story. About a year ago I've had an abortion and it totally fucked me up. I started to drink to hide my negative emotions...to simply escape...I've been drinking about 5 times a week for the past 7-8 months and this really needs to END. Last night I had to puke because I had too much to drink....I am realising that I am destroying myself with this and I don't want that. Besides that there are members of my family that died because of alcohol so it's definitely in me genes. I am playing with fire...I feel like I've been having a double life since nobody knows about my struggle with alcohol. I go to work and pretend that I am someone else. Someone that almost never drinks. But as soon as I get home I start to drink some wine until I am drunk..It's fucked up and I don't wanna live like this anymore.....I hope you guys can help me out. Thanks for reading!...
----------immediate responses--------

Big hugs. ..Realising I needed help was huge step forward. I never drank everyday but the way I drank ended up with lots and lots of consequences. I found an IRL support group so I could get face to face accountability. I knew that I couldn't stay stopped on my own...I use AA but there are a ton of support groups SMART recovery Life ring listed in the FAQ. ..Some folks that post here don't use anything but this sub everyone is different...Welcome - you're in the right place.
What is your plan to help you stay away from the first drink?
Welcome. ..Given the reason for beginning to drink heavily in the first place it may be worth seeking out a counselor/pastor to help with the feelings of [...fill in here...]. Many of the posts tagged under wisdom (&gt;&gt;&gt; sidebar) state that not drinking will not address *why* one drinks but rather makes it easier to deal with the underlying stuff. ..with tremendous compassion &lt;&lt;hugs&gt;&gt;
Keep rocking! You got this
