-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uqzqf/finally_realized_i_need_to_stop/

Alcohol has been something I've been mentally struggling with for a long time. Hard to believe I've been drinking for almost 10 years but that's how long it's been. My drinking didn't get to "worrying" levels until about a year ago but even looking back on it alcohol always had an influence on me that made me uncomfortable (borderline compulsive)...So these days I'm in a very stressful job (that I enjoy most of the time) and I've found I've slipped into a pattern of drinking almost daily that's allowed me to completely block out the stress I feel. I've gone from having a few drinks a couple times a week to drinking 5-6 days a week typically more than a few drinks...I'm in my thirties now and the health concerns are undeniable. I wake up after having too much and feel.. swollen.. it's insane that we do this to our bodies on a daily or weekly basis. Despite all that I've been "high-functioning" in that I haven't burned any bridges lost any jobs wives etc. but even though I get through the day I find that I'm functioning at about 50% of capacity. I'm just not doing the best I can for myself wife job etc...So anyway I've tried to take a break here and there but it wasn't until this week that I fully realized that breaks just don't work--I know I can do that for a while and moderate my drinking for a while but it all leads back to the same place. It's just the nature of alcohol...I'm one week sober right now and feeling great about my decision. Just thought I'd post my story for my own sake to get it out there!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I can relate to a lot of what you said. That high functioning thing stopped me from thinking there was a problem for a long time.
Hello and welcome. It took me awhile to finally realize that having a "few" never ended with a few or happily. It scared me and I didn't know how to get sober on my own. Because it took me so long to accept the truth I landed in detox then rehab. After that I got a therapist and involved in AA. Without guidance and support I would have surely lost my way. ..Kudos for one week sober! You could step to the sidebar and get a badge if you'ld like a little flair. Thanks for sharing. Stay in touch.
Congrats on your decision!  ..&gt;Alcohol has been something I've been mentally struggling with for a long time.  ..I think a lot of people on this sub share that with you.  I realized things weren't going well for me in 2005!  I tried to quit many times.  For a while I just gave up and said "fuck it I'll drink myself to death."  The problem with that plan was that after a while I could no longer tolerate the pain.  Quitting alcohol is easily the best change I've made in my adult life and I'm definitely not interested in suicide by alcohol.  ..&gt;I've been "high-functioning" in that I haven't burned any bridges lost any jobs wives etc. but even though I get through the day I find that I'm functioning at about 50% of capacity.  ..Same here.  I've never had legal employment or marital problems from alcohol.  But physical - oh man.  The insomnia night sweats abdominal pain headaches beer shits...unreal.  And my productivity at work has skyrocketed which has led to a reduction in the amount of stress I experience.  Best wishes!
Congratulations on your progress! I identify with your story and you are not alone. I can quit for a while but I keep sliding right back in. Stay strong my friend!.
