-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uryi3/i_really_need_some_support_today/

You guys are great and I'm struggling like hell to stay sober today. Any words of encouragement would be very helpful.
----------immediate responses--------

No matter how you feel you still don't have to drink...All feelings pass.
Focusing on the negatives is a powerful deterrent. .After a week sober your body is starting to adjust to a booze free lifestyle. You got this!
This is the last time you ever have to go through Day 7. Stay in today do what's in front of you and don't worry about tomorrow.
You can stay sober today. Remember that as long as you don't take that first drink you remain in control even if you are feeling weak.  This disease knows when we are vulnerable and attacks but you are not a slave to alcohol anymore so it can't hurt you unless you let it. It can bother you for awhile but it doesn't control you if you don't have that first drink.  ..After 7 days of sobriety you must be starting to feel the benefits and can focus on those.  I like to "play the tape forward" at times like these and envision how the whole scenario plays out if I do take that first drink.  I have another and another and so on. It doesn't feel good anymore and then the guilt and self-loathing start pounding on me. I'd wake up tomorrow and tell myself that was the last time but it's so much easier to relapse again so in a week or two I'd do it again. Then again in a few days. Within a few weeks I'd be back to drinking daily and feeling like garbage both physically and mentally. To hell with that I can sit out a craving for a little while to keep that from happening....Is there anything in particular making it tough today that you want to talk about?
Go Rusty go Rusty! ..Woo! Woo Woo! Woo! ..Go Rusty go Rusty!
Imagine how much more horrible it's going to be to stay sober tomorrow if you drink tonight.  Tomorrow I can wake up and think "thank god I didn't fucking drink last night" instead of a living hell of anxiety and hangover.  ..Sometimes I convince myself the week-long withdrawals are worth the drunk they never are and it just gets worse every time.  ..I hope this helps.  
thing that helped me the most WAY BACK WHEN when I was at 7 days (2 days ago lol) ... is first of all "DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU THINK" ... also when cravings come just distract yourself somehow whatever way works best for you they are more temporary than they feel 30 minutes MAX for me then gone ... don't believe the hype your mind is broadcasting to you the problem is that you think a certain way which makes you feel that way which makes you keep thinking that certain way - think the way you feel feel the way you think think the way you feel feel the way you think ... order any Joe Dispenza book he is great on this point
