-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uvi84/deconstructing_the_drinker_me/

the struggle is real or is it?..it's dawning on me that alot of the resistance to letting go of alcohol as a permanent thing is all of the internal beliefs around drinking and what it means identity issues etc..  people reading are probably going "duh no shit Einstein" ... but I need to get this off my chest/head and put it out there..starting as early as high school drinking was thought of to be "cool" I fancied myself as cool because I drank alcohol and even cooler because "i didn't give a shit about anything" this made me "ultra cool" ... so I didn't need to be social or have goals because I was too busy being cool and not caring I didn't need people to accept me because I was already superior to them because of this..of course this was all one big lie I was telling myself to not feel how incredibly insecure I really was..even now in my late 40's I think on some strange level I am still believing this shit only now it's more about I'm from a Russian/German family our people drink that's what's "cool" about us we are tough people and we drink hard we don't play around we are bad asses..again more bullshit to make myself feel superior and to support me in drinking with PRIDE .....all this and more has to go if I want to let go of drinking ... hoping people here can relate..
----------immediate responses--------

Yep totally get it. I was recalling my first drink in public and guessed my Dad bought me it when I was 12 or 13 because in the working men's clubs in England it was way more shameful to order a lemonade at the bar than buy your kids drinks. I'm British we drink get over it don't drink we don't trust you. Got a hangover then you are alive and had a good time. 
Good to hear from you and kudos for 10 days. You have insight and your thinking is on point. Identity crisis? Yes. What helped me navigate the challenge was having a therapist and AA. Otherwise it was overwhelming. Don't let it. All we have is today. Don't drink and do the next right thing. Your life will unfold. . ..I avoided bars events where drinking was the main activity and hanging with drinking buddies to quiet the "voices". Being a non-drinker is a difficult adjustment initially but it gets easier. Give it time. Being a non-drinker is liberating. 
[deleted]
I come from an Irish and Native American family. Terrible genes for alcoholism. I held much of the same belief as you in regards to heritage and drinking. What I discovered was Ireland has a huge drinking problem and it is not a prideful situation for them. Ask any Irishman and he will most likely tell you beyond perhaps joking being a drunk is a serious issue. 
This is good stuff. I've definitely felt this and the key is to not get down on yourself. ..There's this gap between getting something on an intellectual level and the rest of you (the gut you) getting on board. You're smart enough to know alcohol doesn't define you as a human but the non-intellectual parts of you are still catching up because they just run on the same old circuitry that has been reinforced over the years. ..Keep going and questioning. Reinforce that new opposite idea; that you're cool/ strong/ awesome without alcohol. Eventually you'll start to feel the truth of it. ..One thing I tell anyone who thinks it's somehow extreme or radical to drink a lot of booze is this: Alcohol numbs and dulls. If you really want to live life and experience things try it without any substance. Think chugging 20 beers is extreme? Try facing fears and going to a party where there are lots of strangers and interacting... SOBER. That's way scarier to me than slamming booze. Most people aren't facing fears and being radical by drinking tons of booze... they're actually falling to fear. ..If you want to stay off alchohol or change your relationship wihth it start telling yourself that it's badass to be sober and EVENTUALLY you'll start to believe it. 
