-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2uw9f5/stupid_day_on_the_struggle_bus/

Everything is being a trigger.  Mind-numbing work? Would be less stressful with wine.  See an old mean co-worker at the grocery store?  Need wine.  Get emails I'm not sure how to respond to and responding at all seems like a gargantuan task?  Wine will help.  Friend's birthday dinner tonight at a place with an amazing wine list? Fuck. Every song on the radio mentions drinking. I need groceries but I know if I set foot in a Kroger I'll be straight to the wine section.  ..I'm repeating the mantra of  no one has ever woken up and wished they had drank more the night before   but I have 10 more hours of this day to get through...Sorry for the rant.  Just hoping someone understands..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm less than solid myself today.  I feel anxious about my time don't want to see people or do work.  I'm physically tightened and mentally high-strung.  ..But this is ok these are just feelings.  I don't have to do anything about them just let them pass over me until they are gone.  .
You got this. I totally feel like this and that's when I realized I had the problem. Every little thing that didn't go my way...kids screaming work complicated can't figure out what to make for dinner freaking out about everything I have to do...all of it is better with wine. ..But it's really not. My therapist gave me a good mindfulness exercise: let the drinking thought enter your mind acknowledge it and then let it pass through. You can do it. I will join you by not drinking that wine either!.
I think most of us understand this feeling. My whole life was a series of drinking events or anticipating them. Get happy yay beer!! Get sad boo wine. Breakup bring on the whisky. Everything was a reason to drink...It gets easier after the first few weeks though and at least for me now it's not even an issue. I'm not tempted at all. Of course everyone's situation is different and no way am I kidding myself that there won't come a time when I'm going to get that urge again. I'm still working on building up a good thick wall to keep out the beast should it decide to come haunt me again...Stay strong breathe deep. 
to quote an often used reddit'ism.&gt; oh the feels..I'm looking forward to early bedtime today either that or attention-grabbing movie. Today is proving to be a challenge for me too. Your post makes me thankful that I don't need to go shopping today..
Purposefully avoiding the needed trip to the store myself lest I end up at the wrong store. Been having a pretty low week with numerous triggers.  I just look at my badge reaffirm my promise to myself to not drink today and try to keep occupied until bedtime. Stay strong /u/_rainicorn_ - it is completely doable.
