-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v4zai/5_weeks_sober_feeling_positive/

Hey folks! ..I'm feeling positive today and I thought I would share the buzz. I haven't drank for 5 weeks and I was just brushing my teeth and looking in the mirror and I realised that the person looking back at me was someone I wanted to be! And I look so healthy!  ..I've tried to quit a few times before and every time after a few weeks I relapsed but I feel like this time I have found a kind of maturity where I have the patience to let myself get better slowly and to feel bad nervous unhappy or inadequate occasionally.  I used to medicate all those feelings with alcohol they were simply feelings I would not allow myself to have.  Now I can have them and just accept them or wait for them to pass. This is a big step for me. ..And now I just feel better in many ways. I have found a source of inner strength that I've not had for a long time which is giving me massive motivation to make my life better. I am working very hard on my work I have started a business that is showing signs of early success I am getting up early and I am exercising daily.  I feel like I can handle anything at all that life might throw at me.  I know this might not last but I feel like I could handle that as well :-p ..My next step is to get out and about socializing - I have a few events lined up next week. I might even go to an AA meeting (I've never been).  It's strange when I was drinking AA felt scary and something that I shouldn't do as if it was shameful - and I told myself I wasn't an alcoholic (I clearly am).  Now that I'm sober that has all gone away and it just feels like a good idea and a good place to meet people in the same boat. ..I feel like all this time life has been a problem for me that I tried to fix with alcohol or mostly I just gave up and now I quit drinking everything is just that little bit easier that I have the motivation to actually do things.  It's like I was trying to run a race but my laces were tied and now I have undone them and all I want to do is run everywhere.    ..This is my second longest ever sober period and in about a week I will be sober for the longest period ever.  I just need to remember that drinking will undo all of this.  ..TLDR: 5 weeks in feeling positive
----------immediate responses--------

Great job. Your post made me smile!
Glad to hear about the positive vibes!  Socializing can be intimidating but once you jump in it seems to be okay :-)
This post makes me happy. Like a lot a lot. It's a good post to go to sleep after reading. Thanks for sharing your obvious joy of your newfound life with us.  Keep up the gratitude my friend...it's one of the keys on the Happy Life Keyring. :-)
