-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v6gho/the_insomnia_has_kicked_in_as_long_as_the_fear/

This might be a bit of a rant so hang in there...I went a month then relapsed then two weeks then almost two weeks and now here I am 4 days in. I am in the confusion / depressed / scared of having a seizure stage (which I am pretty sure i wont but I have terrible health anxiety also)...I need to find out what is wrong with my plan and why I can't seem to get it to stick. It all starts with a particularly busy or stressful day and my mind just gets stuck on drinking. I fight it all that I can but somehow I always give into the "Lets just have a few beers" voice in my head. ..I wish in that moment that I can remember the crippling anxiety / depression / fear that comes for days after a relapse. I am running out of options. I wish I could goto AA but I am pretty well known and it could affect my work. 
----------immediate responses--------

AA is certainly optional but outside support of some kind is crucial.  Most of us here have discovered that we cannot stop drinking based on our own willpower alone.  ..Seek help and guidance from someone who has stayed sober be it through AA another support network such as SMART or through a counselor or mentor...But 'getting it to stick' is unlikely to work any better for you than it did for us.  That is why r/stopdrinking exists - to connect us to the available outside support for our decisions to stop drinking.
It was the same pattern for me. I'd have a month or two or a few weeks then I'd relapse and the windows in between those times would start to shrink. It was terrifying...For me I think what changed is my priorities. I really wanted to quit drinking but it wasn't my highest priority. I wanted to quit drinking so much but percentage-wise it was at about 49%. ..I needed to up it to 51%. I did that for the first few days and then as each day progressed it grew a little as I started experiencing the benefits. Now it's somewhere in the ninetieth percentile and it's awesome. I hope the same happens for you...I made "not drinking" my highest priority - the most important thing I did *every day.* That's what worked for me. Good luck!
If they are in AA then they will want to keep it a secret as well from the majority. That is how it works no reason for you not to go. I for one could not have done it any other way in the end and believe me I tried. One last thing better to do it when you are well known than a nobody (cause that is a possibility if you continue on your current road) Good luck.
Hey Jack. Glad to see you reaching out and being open to suggestions. As far as in AA goes just remember everyone that goes is in the same boat of anonymity. There are people from all walks of life there from business owners to attorneys to college professors to flight attendants. I don't know what you do for a living but just keep that in mind. You might try going to closed meetings. Those only allow alcoholics wanting to quit to come. The open ones while usually only attended by alcoholics do allow others such as family or students. I understand that there are also meetings intended only for health care workers due to the nature of it and the extreme need for anonymity. Dial up the local AA number and talk to them. They would be happy to guide you...You say you know that you absolutely cannot do this without help. I'm glad you're realising this rather than struggling and falling under the water time and time again since there is always the chance you won't come up one of those times. Although I don't know their guidelines on anonymity have you checked into SMART Recovery?  Intensive out patient therapy is also another option. I know many people are hesitant to go because they don't want to take the time off of work but it you are at the point you are I don't think that time away should even be a consideration. Talk to HR confidential about it (if you have an HR). If you have an employee assistance program reach out to them. Lastly there is one on one therapy. While it can benefit you in the long run it sounds like you need greater support right now...My best to you. Keep us posted and keep posting. 
Tell me about that voice in my head.  I wrote about the voice in mine today.  Go [check it out if](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v75jq/week_3_the_awfully_little_adventures_of/) you're bored.
I'm with the others on the idea of getting outside help. If going to a meeting is really not an option for you then what about seeing a counsellor or therapist who specializes in addiction? ..Also if you need some feedback on your plan why not make a post about what you've got set up and invite reflection? 
