-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v6p91/booze_free_a_new_me/

Hey there. I thought joining this community might help keep me productive in maintaining my progress thus far. I have a history of relapsing when things are going better than usual and this is the first time in years that I've been sober for so long giving me alot of time to be surprised I'm not 6 feet under or worse. I know some of you feel the same and I'm happy to be riding it out with you! I honestly feel refreshed after just two weeks and it's nice. Although I'm not so sure if I'm just trying to rationalize getting drunk again but an inkling in me still supposes I shouldn't forever give up something that made me feel so alive when I wasn't down while sobering up and regretting the previous night's events. As of now I've set a goal to make it to Halloween my favorite day of the year and am contemplating what steps I can take either not to indulge the idea of revisiting my biggest enemy then or to do so in a safe manner. I'd love your opinion and to hear personal experiences with moderation relapse recovery and the like.
----------immediate responses--------

First nice job on 2 weeks. 2 weeks is tough and when I started to feel a little more human. It was around 2-3 weeks when my suicidal ideations started to chill out a bit...Halloween is a long way off. Focus on today or the next couple days. **I found that when I set a far off date for when I could return to drinking that when that day came I did everything humanly possible to make up for all the days sober.** That is to say that I got fucking wasted when I finally hit that day. I don't know. Maybe you'll be able to moderate on Halloween. However if I was a betting man I would put my money against you. Nothing personal but I've interacted with enough people with drinking problems to know how it turns out more often than not...Also it sounds like you're trying to negotiate with your sobriety. People without drinking problems don't do that. They just moderate without a second thought of the consequences. ..Anyway man (woman?) glad you are where you are. Don't drink today. Stick around and watch all the shit that goes RIGHT because you were sober :)..
There are all kinds of experience with quitting one day at a time quitting for a specific period quitting for a non specific period and quitting for forever. I personally had to quit for good BUT in the early days I focused on the day-to-day as my brain was really fighting against me. That day-to-day fight was made easier knowing that the correct answer was always "don't never." ..One of the things that is evident is you are experiencing ambivalence toward quitting. You kind of know you should quit. You sort of want to quit. But you maybe might want to drink in the future. This state of mind is very normal! But it is important to look into it further. Which part of that ambivalence is based in fact experience and backed with evidence? Which part of that ambivalence is wishful thinking with no evidence and often accompanied by daydreams or romanticized thoughts of how good it might be? Think about those and try to resolve some of that ambivalence...I personally try to avoid all of the terminology. There is drinking and there is not drinking; there is active addiction and there is sobriety. I keep it simple. Moderation exists but my experience is people naturally move into it - not study and practice their way into it.
Thirteen days without self-poisoning. That is huge. Lets not drink today!
