-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vbvod/i_dont_have_an_alcohol_problem/

I have a care taking problem. This has been the most important discovery I've made in my journey in sobriety. All those nights of white knuckling and struggling not to take that first drink were signs that my life was unbalanced. This is my longest streak of sobriety because of that realization. Now I try to take care of all of my needs. If I'm tired I sleep if I'm hungry I eat. If I need company then I call a friend or go to an AA meeting. I'm not a "member" of AA. I don't work the 12 steps I don't have a sponsor and I don't go regularly. Sometimes though when my friends aren't picking up their phones and I'm feeling lonely I go just to be with other human beings who are trying to do something good in their lives. ..I don't really have the urge to drink like I did in previous attempts to stop drinking. Every once in a while I'll think "man it would be nice to have big fancy drink with an umbrella" or something like that but it's usually just the fruit and sugar that I'm craving and not the booze itself. Sometimes I still get overwhelmed with feelings and I cry or have self destructive urges. I cry and clutch a little stuffed animal that I got when I was twelve. I wish things were better I wish I wasn't so lonely etc. but I don't wish I could get drunk...I see a psychologist go to group therapy for an eating disorder and work daily on mindfulness and meditation. These coupled with self care have virtually removed the desire to drink from my life. I still need to remain vigilant and remember how terrible alcohol is for me- that's why I love this sub. I am so grateful for this little community. Thank you all so much. You've made a huge impact on this woman's life. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your sobriety. By care taking problem do you mean a family member or a boyfriend/girlfriend/husband/wife? I'm curious because I think I'm having the same kind of realization that you did. 
&gt; "man it would be nice to have big fancy drink with an umbrella"..Nothing is preventing you from asking for an umbrella to go in your pineapple juice or root beer or hell your fancy water!
Well in essence you are working the 12 steps! This is what their goal is a balanced life without remorse and resentment. 
Hobbies. Seriously. Hobbies are my saving grace allowing me to take up all the time I used to spend drinking and do something constructive. Boredom is my mortal enemy.
Thank you for sharing your experience and perspective. ..&gt;I'm not a "member" of AA. I don't work the 12 steps I don't have a sponsor and I don't go regularly. Sometimes though when my friends aren't picking up their phones and I'm feeling lonely I go just to be with other human beings who are trying to do something good in their lives...That is a really neat way to "customize" AA if the traditional model does not work for you.  Thank you for sharing this idea as I've thought about doing this before but felt wrong about it.  ..&gt;I cry and clutch a little stuffed animal that I got when I was twelve...This detail is so very *human*.  It takes a long of strength to share that sort of vulnerability.  Thank you.
Any tips for meditation?  I'm just getting started (reading Mindfulness in Plain English) and it's super tough. ..Congrats on 59 days! 
Congrats on (almost) 2 months! Stay strong!!!
The last couple of sentences there really resonated with me. I am new to this sub new to the idea even of dumping drinking as a (not even all that disruptive at least for me) habit- but I'm with you. This community of supportive like-minded people is helping me to make a positive change in my life too and it's a good thing...More power to you in your journey/ process!
Thanks for writing this out so clearly. I have had to work hard on the idea that I am worth taking care of and you have laid out the instructions for doing this so well. 
