-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vcxga/anyones_marriage_survive/

I started getting serious about being sober about a year ago. I've had 2 relapses... 1 after 6 months and most recently a week ago after 3 1/2 months. I don't have an excuse. I simply chose to drink. I'm regretful but I need to take this as a learning experience and not let it happen again. My husband has not spoken a word to me since last week... If it weren't for the fact that we have a 4 yo daughter and that he's not working because he's in school full time (will be done in August) I am 100% positive he would have left me a year ago. I just don't even know what to say to him. I can't say I'm sorry or anything else that he's heard a million times before... Do I just coexist in this toxic environment for months until he begins to trust me again?? What do I say to him?
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know that there's too much you can say to him.  All you can do to help the situation is continue to pursue sobriety.  Do you have resources for staying sober?
I can't tell you what to say but I can listen to your story. How did he react after your first relapse? Has he been actively involved with your recovery over the last year? I tried talking to my husband about the steps I was taking and planned to take to prevent relapse. He wasn't interested in hearing at first because why should this time be any different than all the other times I've tried to quit. I let him be for awhile but he saw the commitment I had this time. It will take time but he is warming up to being more supportive. I think that you have to work on yourself and stick to the plan and let your husband know. He may just need some time to understand and be supportive.
&gt; Do I just coexist in this toxic environment for months until he begins to trust me again??..How long did he coexist in the previous toxic environment due to your drinking? That's what I always reminded myself. ..That said mine is not a good example of one that worked. He refused to seek therapy either together or separately and he still holds deep deep resentments towards me to this day regardless of my growth. Ours was one relationship that should have ended before it got as bad as it did but we were/are in a situation similar to your own. We now live purely as roommates. I hold him no ill will for his inability to change his mindset. I have no control over that or him. ..Was he willing to go to couples counseling together prior to this incident? 
I hope that you can stop drinking. Clearly it's eroding his trust in you and he doesn't seem to like being married to a drunk. Nor is that a good example for your daughter. ...One day at a time SoberWaitress - I will not drink **today**. I wish you all the best!
We aren't married but we may as well be as we have lived together for almost 14 years.  We're OK - we're not great. There's a LOT of healing to be done...Why would he not speak to you for a week?  What happened when you relapsed a few weeks ago?  Was there violence?  A huge fight?  I understand that we drunks are hard to deal with at times for sure but the silent treatment for a week seems a little harsh without more context.
