-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vernb/february_10_2015_here_we_go/

First post from a short-term lurker.....Pretty standard story here.  Middle aged man married with kids.  Like a lot of (maybe even most) people my age I've always drank but never been "a problem drinker".  Done very well at my job marriage still intact took care of things around the house etc.  No DWIs no problems at work no majorly embarrassing disasters.  I'm what Alan Carr would call a "normal drinker" that "alcoholics" would be jealous of.  ..But seriously over 30+ years of regular "maintenance" drinking so much time and money lost that I can never get back.  So many better things I could have done with all that time and money.  But on top of all of that the big thing for me as I've gotten older (in my early 50s now) is the slow drag down in my health motiviation energy and realizing how much more I could have done with my free time and money if I hadn't spent so many evenings with a drink (or two) and so many mornings/days feeling sub-par as a result...Don't get me wrong I get things done.  But what could I have done with all those accumulated hours (and $s) spent having that second or third drink and over 30+ years the number of weekend mornings in bed because I stayed up too late to have "just one more" and all those weekend days where I didn't do what I planned to because I wasn't running on a full head of steam?  And so many years grinding down my mind and body with low level (and sometimes not so low level) doses of poison...As I said it's not like my life has been bad but alcohol has clearly diminished it.  And since turning 50 I've been gradually trying to make improvements from my status quo.  I've known for years that my nearly-daily ritual of having a glass (or two) of wine or a mixed drink after getting home from work (and depending on how the day had gone maybe a couple more after dinner) was degrading my life.  ..And like probably most people I've tried to quit or cut back but it's never stuck.  I guess that should prove the point that the idea that I'm not a "problem drinker" is a big fat lie.  Anyway lurking on this website I saw several references to Allen Carr's Easy way to control alchohol book and I went ahead and bought it.  ..It came a few weeks ago and I've been gradually working my way through it.  Honestly it is most refreshingly honest and direct look at alcohol I've ever seen.  Absolutely brilliant.  Pointing out in the glaring spotlight all the lies that we tell ourselves and society tells us about alcohol.  Amazing...I had almost finished reading it last night but was getting tired and didn't want to read the final section without a completely clear head.  ..I woke up early this morning just so I could finish the last section by myself in private while the rest of my family slept not knowing exactly what he was going to recommend.  I followed his final instructions to a T.  And for the first time in my life I feel like I'm truly ready to live the rest of my life without alcohol.  And by that I mean for the first time in my life that I'm honestly looking forward to a life without alcohol instead of dreading the prospect of a life without alcohol.  ..I plan to check in with you guys from time to time to let you know how it's going and possibly for support if I find myself struggling.  But also to note this day feb 10 2015 as the day I pulled back the curtain and could see the big lie that is alcohol...Thanks for listening..
----------immediate responses--------

Caveat: I haven't read the book yet but welcome. It's never a bad time to make the decision and rather than focusing on time wasted think of all the time you just found in the future! It's like finding $20 in your winter jacket but better...Do you have a plan you're going to follow? I find that makes all the difference in staying the path.
Awesome post thanks for taking the time to type it out...A lot of us were in similar positions. We were "functional" but the way we (I) defined that word was kind of a joke. Yeah I never got a DUI (though I should have) I never got busted drinking at work (though I should have) I never had my family sit me down for an intervention (thought I should have)...In the past 197 days my functionality has exploded and not just in the obvious ways. I can't believe how my emotional and mental health has improved. My friendships and relationships are awesomesauce and I'm killing it in almost everything I try. Where I'm not killing it I'm not killing myself over it. :)..I'm so glad the book spoke to you and I'm glad you're here. Let's raise our fizzy waters to one more day!
Attaboy!! Trust me life can be so much better and it's not too late!  Good luck. 
Great post I relate to so much of what you said on the outside my life is pretty good but inside I  know I have been cheating myself out of the better life I could have.
Congratulations on seeing the light !.."Normal" "Controlled" ....whatever. Let other people struggle with those ideas. I am your age as well and drank 30 years of between so called controlled to completely insane drunkeness.I was unhappy drinking a lot and miserable drinking less. Realizing that only none ever would be the right amount was a huge relief and weight off my shoulders...Today is indeed the best day for you to stop.There are many of us with you on your mission!..
For my first week it was all Allen all the time for me haha..I have his book on audible....It seemed impossible to slip up no matter how much I wanted a drink with his logical cordial voice in my ear...Frankly I surprised myself. I first came to this sub out of curiosity just like any of the other thousands of sites I have visited over the years. I was shocked when I picked up a badge and stopped drinking...Seems like there is no other choice really once one takes their head out of the sand and actually confronts the facts of alcohol..CONGRATULATIONS! 
