-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vqyyu/is_this_still_the_right_sub_for_people_wanting_to/

I just responded to a comment by a certain user here remarking that it seemed as if my life was "consumed by alcohol." I'm not angry about that; I can see how based on my ridiculously long-winded and overly-detailed posts about my drinking one could come to that conclusion...I also realize that every single one of you has my best interests in mind knowing the difficulties excessive alcohol use has caused you. I'm sure you are just hoping to pass on your accumulated wisdom in an effort to steer me away from the potential for serious trouble...But I responded to the post because I just wanted to at least make an attempt to clarify the situation. Because yes on rare occasions I do put in a lot of thought and essentially obsess about my drinking. Like I did with my post about [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v8wsm/31_days_of_moderation_mostly_successful_but_my_1/). ..But I do the same thing with quite literally everything else that is even remotely a part of my life...Here is how I responded:..>I really wish I could assure you that my life is not consumed by alcohol...>I do put CONSIDERABLE amounts of thought into things but that's just in my nature. I have OCD and anxiety issues as I've mentioned elsewhere. I tend to obsess about just about everything in my life. I spend a great deal of time and energy thinking about worrying about and planning strategies regarding everything from going to class and writing essays to going on dates and playing music to mundane supposedly simple (for other people) activities like doing laundry making meals or washing my dishes. I even sometimes have dreams about Reddit for godssakes because I spend so many hours here and because my brain will just ruminate on the proper way to phrase a particular post for example...>With most of these situations after I initially spend a great deal of mental energy on figuring out the "best" and most effective way to do things I will eventually start simply engaging in the "planned task" or project without as much worry or thought...>My project to control drinking is the same. And it's going well so far...>I had 3 pints of beer last Sunday and 1 pint of beer on Monday. And it really doesn't take much effort to keep track of this. I go out (much less frequently now) have a beer or maybe 3 over 4-5 hours and then it plug it into my Alcodroid app which takes about 2 minutes. That's it...>I've really stopped thinking much about it at all except for how much better I feel now...>I'm not upset by your post. I know that everyone here has struggled with alcohol in some way and knows the damage it can do in excess...>I just wish I could get some encouragement for what has been so far a very successful attempt at moderation...>This sub is supposed also be for those who seek to control their drinking. Not just those who have sworn off it completely...---..I'm just wondering if my last statement is still true. I know people who have successfully learned to moderate are exceedingly rare here. The message I am responding to mentioned the following:..>Are you looking for people to confirm your hope? The reason you don't see moderate drinkers on here is because they are either to drunk to post at a place with out a computer or dead...(Although one obvious possibility seems to be that if one HAD learned to properly control their drinking they wouldn't need to be a part of this sub - hence explaining their absence)...But in any case I don't expect anyone here to "confirm my hope" of successful moderation. I get that for the vast majority of you here you view any booze intake as wrong and dangerous. And in your own particular cases that is undeniably true...I also DEFINITELY am not trying to suggest anyone who KNOWS booze is bad for them to "give moderation a shot." I've made that clear from the beginning in all my posts. Even if I were to make such an idiotic recommendation I know all of you are too smart to listen to me...But I'm just wondering if this is the right place for me if I'm going to keep going with this moderation experiment...
----------immediate responses--------

The big book proposes a test to see if you're an alcoholic or not. Go out to a bar and order one drink. Drink it and then stop. Go home. Don't drink any more. Do this again a few times. If you are an alcoholic it will become apparent pretty quickly with this test. If you can do this test repeatedly with no issues then you are probably not an alcoholic so moderating and controlling are in your grasp for sure. Nobody can tell you you're an alcoholic because then somebody else could come along and tell you you're not. You have to discover whether you are or aren't for yourself if you aren't congratulations you're the envy of many an alcoholic.
&gt; This sub is supposed also be for those who seek to control their drinking. Not just those who have sworn off it completely.  I'm just wondering if my last statement is still true...That's what the sidebar says...[Your last post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2v8wsm/31_days_of_moderation_mostly_successful_but_my_1/) has tons of positive replies. So as far as I can tell you're upset that 100% of people didn't give you a standing ovation?   I mean you spend a lot of time explaining that you're not angry and that you don't expect everyone to congratulate you.  But your actions are not in line with that representation.  If what you're saying is true I don't think you would have made this post.   People are allowed (and expected) to point out pitfalls that you may not see yourself.  That's how support groups work.
I think I've addressed your posts poorly in the past so I'm going to chose my words carefully...I understand wanting support that's what most of us are here for. First congrats on not getting black-out drunk for 37 days. The thing is when you post here most people are telling you that they've seen someone experience or experienced for themselves months or more of "relative moderation" but it led them back down the path of heavy drinking because they were continuing to use this addictive substance that was the source of a lot of their problems. So you see these replies and get all this advice but you basically say "Well that may be most but I'm moderating anyway." Which that's fine if it works for you but it doesn't for most and that's the advice you're going to get. I have to admit every time I see you post my first thought is always "that shit is going to backfire eventually." I could be totally wrong but from my experience that's what happens... So I can't exactly change my opinion about that. So you have to see it can be a little hard when you feel like your experiences are just being written off instantly. Your comment about anyone who KNOWS booze is bad for them shouldn't "give moderation a shot." How do you think they learned booze were bad for them? Everyone on here has tried moderation I'd be willing to bet. Some collapsed almost instantly others probably made it several months of "doing good" before it ended...Correct me if I'm wrong but I believe in an earlier post you said you take depression medication. All the medication I've been put on over the years for such has always stated not to use alcohol while on it. You also say you have anxiety and OCD issues... A little research would suggest that people with mental issues are at an increased risk of substance abuse problems. It's not fair but it's true. I have my fair share of struggles with my bipolar/depression problems and I know that alcoholism goes hand in hand with that...Lastly I'll admit that I can get a little hypocritical whenever I make realizations in my life. I used to be ABSOLUTELY sure I could handle moderate drinking. I would keep track of how little I was drinking over a period of time and show my girlfriend as proof that I had things under control but from the outside looking in she knew better. Once I realized these things and finally made that change it's not that I couldn't POSSIBLY moderate drinking (even though I wouldn't want to see how THAT would work) it's more along the lines that I DON'T want to drink. Moderate or not. I think that's a lot of us here now. We aren't sitting here twiddling our thumbs wishing we could just drink normally again now that we've realized it is just a pointless vice. ..I really hope this does all work out for you though. I can't imagine I would be on this sub if I were just a normal drinker though. I truly do wish you the best.
I generally don't comment in threads seeking advice and support on moderation because I don't really have anything to offer. ..I've stopped drinking (I'm stopping drinking?). That's my experience and that's what I know. I suppose I could listen to your issues and approach it on some sort of logical or intellectual level but that would be like offering a response in /r/rocketscience - much as I'd like to relate I'm probably not going to be much help...I haven't really answered your question. I guess for me it's a sub for stopping drinking.
Sucessfully moderating is of course possible.Many do it statistically about 90% of people in fact.My experience was that after being more or less forcibly ejected from the party bus at  46 I had to admit defeat.I tried to moderate for twenty years and failed.That said this is only my experience yours may differ...An observation from my IRL experience...Take this as you will...I remain fairly close to my hometown and still see many people that I knew way back in my twentys.I always hung with the hard core party people. Here is a fact.Those that were the heaviest drinkers and seemingly out of control in their twentys are either now sober trying to get sober or in rough shape in their 40s and 50s.Some are dead.Those that we mocked as lightweights and wussies are still moderating as they always did. 
At the moment I am not drinking at all but I have to be honest and say that I'd love to be able to drink moderately have a drink at special occasions and just take a beer and chill. The reason why I haven't had a single drop in ca. 2 weeks is because I haven't been able to keep it moderate and it ended up being too much...There are occasions that I would like to drink and that I'm torn whether or not I should. For example getting my thesis done or my sisters wedding...Personally I think it's alright for you to keep up your moderation experiment here I would like to see that as a possibly future option and I'd love to see where this goes. But from what I've observed there seem to be more people here being completely straight edge than not.
If you can do it great!..Our experience was that WE couldn't - at least those who you are speaking of.  The reason we bothered to respond is that for us this thinking was delusionary and had the potential to get us into great trouble when the time came that we were not moderate.  ..And for us that time came sooner or later sometimes by gentle progression sometimes in an avalanche.   ..Again good luck think of us as the warning labeling "this path may lead to death or wishing you were"..
I've been in the same boat for a while now.  I mean no disrespect to anyone here but I do find myself turned off from this subreddit because of the way everything gets treated in absolutes here.  As in you absolutely need to completely abstain from alcohol forever because you absolutely will fail at trying to control your drinking.  I realize that this is because moderation doesn't work for many and I certainly have no problems with anyone sharing their opinions/experiences with that; obviously it's what this subreddit is supposed to be here for.  ..What I tend to see a little too often however is the dismissal (and sometimes outright criticism) of anyone who even suggests that they are still drinking and would like to continue to drink in moderation.  I can understand the skepticism; what I can't appreciate are the downvotes and "you're basically wasting our time" sentiments these posts invariably attract...The comment OP highlighted is a perfect example.  "The reason you don't see moderate drinkers on here is because they are either to drunk to post at a place with out a computer or dead."  Honestly who the fuck says this?  This is not being supportive.  This is not helpful advice.  It's not even realistic.  This comment is so outrageous that it's actually offensive.  Essentially what this person is saying here is that moderation flat-out does not work and you *are* going to fail.  Your efforts aren't worthy because it doesn't work for everyone.  Period.  ..I'm sorry but that just sucks and I see it way to often.  I'm not looking for cheerleaders or anyone to convince me I don't have a problem but when you're constantly being told it's only a matter of time before you fail instead of getting any congratulations or support for what you've already accomplished it makes a person reluctant to want to share anything at all in this place.  Like my thoughts and my experiences just don't belong in here...Which is fine I guess.  I've found [r/alcoholism](http://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholism) to be a bit less... "extremist" I guess... in that regard.  It's a far less active subreddit but I've received more helpful pragmatic advice over there than I have in here.  Maybe check that out OP...[Edit]grammars
I can really relate to the way you describe how your thought-to-action process works: strategizing and obsessing about the best way to do something then engaging in that something and worrying less about it. For me there's an added reanalyzing and obsessing over the results of my "experiment." I think for you too or you wouldn't be posting/recording your moderation activities. ..I would encourage you to take an honest look at how much you are obsessing (or not) over your alcohol intake during the action/experiment phase. Maybe it could even be added as a data point like while you're out drinking how many times the thought crosses your mind to have another beer or how many times that thought must be suppressed to successfully moderate. I think that might give you more insight into your thought process while drinking moderately than simply how many beers you consume. ..Good luck!
People do successfully change their habits and moderate for sure. But I think you hit it on the head when you said that they aren't here in the sub often if ever once they've made that shift.
No it's not. Yes it is. ..If you post on an open bulletin board why would you expect everyone to agree with you? You aren't getting much 'support' because all the people who have quit had the exact same thinking at one time and we're trying to spare you the consequences. You aren't unique you aren't particularly even interesting as a case but precisely because we are all in the same boat we are responding it's you who just won't change...By all means keep posting keep obsessing over trivial shit. Expecting others to change their behavior for your drinking is about as alcoholic as you can get.
I moderate successfully. And I definitely feel that posts about moderating are not very welcome in this sub. Mostly because most of the people here have found that they cannot moderate even if they try and hearing about someone else's success with it leads to temptation and that way lies relapse...I'm not saying people haven't been supportive of me here because they really have been. I have been lurking here consistently for a long time. I wouldn't stick around if I didn't feel like it was helping. But yeah I generally keep my mouth shut about moderating because mostly the people here don't want to hear about it. You'll get a lot of "oh boy I'm sure glad I don't have to work that hard" or generalizations about moderating being really time consuming or difficult or obsessive or simply feeling miserable after hitting your limit for the day...You are not alone it's just that I think those of us who do moderate (assuming I'm not the only one) just keep quiet out of respect for the ultimate purpose of this group which is to help and support people to stop drinking.
