-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2vz0l4/capabilities_challenge/

*If we did the things we are capable of we would astound ourselves.*.- Thomas Alva Edison..I think sometimes in the recovery process some of us have the tendency to be too hard on ourselves - thinking we should be further along than we are or we shouldn't be struggling with a certain thing anymore or not being able to let go of something from the past. ..The challenge on the table today is to bring some conscious awareness to all you are currently doing and have done since you've gotten sober. It could be small things like finally getting that haircut you've been putting off or something larger like taking steps to re-enroll in school.  Something as seemingly simple as not drinking last night so I could wake up today remembering what I did last night changes my life 100% percent for the better. ..Instead of focusing on all we aren't or haven't done I believe if we simply acknowledged what we are currently doing or have done - small or big - we might just be pleasantly surprised about our progress. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome advice here!  Thank you for sharing it.  
Great idea thank you! I was more assertive and decisive yesterday. I also drilled down and learned how to do some stuff on my website that I had been worrying about and would normally have asked someone else to do. 
Oh! I forgot to add something that I have done recently:..I finally made an appointment to start addressing all the dental woes that I have and there are a lot. Thousands of dollars worth. Passing out with half chewed food in my mouth turns out to not be good dental hygiene. 
Currently I am consciously and mindfully having **fun** with my son. We're on vacation. There is the stress of traveling with immediate and extended family. My brother is a moody bastard and telegraphs it *very* clearly when he is not happy. I did pretty well with fun yesterday. Today I will focus on it again.
Brilliant! Just what I needed as I sit hear beating myself up over having a chocolate craving! I need to remember what I HAVE done and in the last 3 months that's been a fair amount. I need to throw off the fact that I feel lazy all the time.
This is exactly what I needed to hear thanks! Edited to add what I've actually been doing: .Started therapy started going to meetings set up an accountability system on here. And in general reaching out for support. .And what a difference those changes have made!!! I feel mentally clearer and more sure of myself than I have in a long time.
Tonight I am finally going for a sleep study to see if I have sleep apnea. This is one in a great number of health related things I was avoiding because I couldn't separate the effects of alcohol related illness from "legitimate" medical issues...Also on Tuesday I am interviewing for a second job (on top of my full time day job). This is not something I could have pulled off in the past because the evenings were reserved for drinking and I wouldn't have had the energy.
I'm consciously trying to be a more present wife. Trying to remember who I was before the drinking took over. 
Since quitting I am definitely noticing how out of control my life is/has been and taking steps to deal with it. I.e open my mail clean the kitchen do household chores rather than drink alcohol &amp; ignore those things. Which isn't to say that I'm DOING all this stuff but I am looking around and noticing what needs to be done and that's an improvement.  :) I hadn't realized how much I was making alcohol a priority over other things I have been so used to things being unkempt. ......
