-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2w0orn/struggling/

I have been sober for over a year and a half now and I am still struggling with being sober. I have been to jail twice because of drinking and lost my license for an undetermined amount of time. I have lost almost all of my friends and am lucky to still have a job. I don't get invited out with friends anymore I don't hear from any of them either. I'm struggling with loneliness and boredom. I  still have the urge to drink and miss having a social life. The weekends are pointless now. And I'm stuck at my shit job for who knows how long because I have no license. I know I shouldn't drink because it's obvious I couldn't control it and made bad decisions. But as of right now I'm not seeing any bright side to being sober other than the fact that I'm not in jail. Nothing brings me happiness anymore. 
----------immediate responses--------

You and I are/were in a very similar boat. I did all of those things and I still don't have my license and that was almost 3 years ago I lost it. Because I put off the things I needed to do for drinking. Because I felt lonely and no one wants to hang with me everyone else drinks I'm bored I have no friends. So I kept drinking...I found out that drinking to keep the things I thought were oh so important to me just made my life perpetually miserable. Then I would try and get sober get sad I have no friends etc.. See where this is going? The cycle never ends if we continue drinking. ..You sound like what some people call a "dry drunk" meaning that you are as miserable sober as you were when tormented by alcohol...What kind of support systems are you utilizing? Have you tried new hobbies or picking up old ones? What about group meet ups? 
I'm sorry to hear of your struggles my friend. Perhaps it is not simply sobriety you are struggling with but life itself. From the outside looking in you seem quite depressed. Do you exercise? Daily exercise helps alleviate depression and anxiety for many people. Have you given thought to therapy? You have a lot to be proud of with your year and a half and it seems from your comments that you would do well for yourself to find some way to figure out how to find some peace with your sobriety. 
This sounds like depression even sobriety can't cure MDE but counseling and ssri's can...
