-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2w1186/keep_on_keeping_on_9_months_and_counting/

The average human gestation is 280 days...so I suppose if I were going to have a baby I'd not quite be at full term...but it has definitely felt like labor to stay sober sometimes these past 4 months.  I collected my 9 month chip on Friday the 13th of February.  ..There are many things I could vent about here but they are day to day problems that really don't contribute to this sub...which is one of the reasons I've been more absent...Oh.  And I fell on the ice and broke my thumb...so..typing in a splint sucks...I'm continuing to attend AA meetings as I can keep in touch with a sponsor see a therapist regularly and I'm getting involved in support groups for cancer patients and their caregivers and transplant recipients specifically...I am glad a new me has been born through this 9 month journey no matter how many struggles have come up.  Time to keep growing.  Next thing is to work on steps 8 and 9 in AA..making amends to those I've wronged.  I need to keep moving forward in my own recovery and not become wholly engulfed in the cancer/post-transplant concerns that face me...so here's to another 24 hours...Stay sober my friends...Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

I am thrilled over this update. I just did a search for you last night so thanks for reading my mind. 
Always good to hear from you. Have been wondering how things were going with all the challenges you are facing. A broken thumb=^OUCH! Bravo for nine months NonnyMouse!
Well done Mouse! Stay strong and hope that thumb heals quickly. Always good to get your insight on recovery. One day at a time.
Congratulations on 9 months.  Wishing you well.
Good on you NonnyMouse69  your words are so uplifting. .Reading that you are able to continue to focus on your sobriety even while especially while  you are being so challenged in other aspects of your life is so rewarding...More often than not we have the newly sober or the still struggling -- it's so good to hear your program is working successfully. ..One day at a time my friend you're doing great!
Good to hear and congrats!
Great to hear from you and to hear that you're ever focused on your recovery.  I have learned much from you and your struggles and these lessons continue to serve me well!
Huge congrats!
Congrats Mouse! Always good to have you stop by.
Congrats Mouse!
Right on Mouse--congrats on the 9 month milestone! You're an inspiration especially considering what you've been through and are going through. You really walk the talk and I admire that...Sorry about the slip on the ice. As long as that's the only kind of slip you have then you're doing great! :)
Congrats on your 9 months and so glad to see your post mouse! It's been a hard road for you but you are still here strong and keeping on. Big cyber hugs to you and hubs. Take care x
You are an inspiration to us all.
Thanks for checking in Mouse I'm thinking of you &amp; your husband and sending good vibes!
Yay for birth of something new and beautiful!!! You really are an inspiration mouse and I'm honored to be here and watch your growth even in the middle of major adversity. Congratulations my friend. :-)..P.S. I've found the voice to text works pretty amazingly on both my iPhone and Android (kindle) so that might be an option! Hope it heals up soon. 
