-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2w9vzs/does_anyone_feel_that_they_were_more_fun_before/

Hey all..I am going on over 2 weeks of being sober! Oh yeah! My health hasn't been this good in years. Mornings have been guilt free and I have a lot of free time now that I am not worrying about nursing a hangover. I have gone out with friends and have been around alcohol without being tempted even once. ..One thing I have noticed that all health benefits aside I am not smiling as much as I used to. I am hanging out with my best friends people I've known my whole life and I am struggling to smile and laugh like we used to. I still have a sense of humor but things don't seem as "easygoing" as they once were. Maybe I am just romanticizing the good old days. Does anyone else feel like this? Like things used to be more fun when there was booze involved?..I am not tempted to drink in the least but I couldn't help but share this finding. I also want to talk to my friends about how much poison is in the alcohol they are still ingesting but that's for another time. ..Have a great week! 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
It's early days and this is a process.I was pretty fun for the first couple of drinks but after that people were probably laughing at me rather than with me. Give yourself some time it's such a big change we are undergoing that I'm sure we over analyze everything. 
I quit hanging out with my friends but I like myself better now. I'm enjoying my days more now that I've quit. And I'm enjoying them without wasting money poisoning my body putting others at risk with my driving or embarrassing myself. 
I thought I was. Everyone else though... Let's just say most people had a slight difference in opinion when it came to how fun I was...
If you wanna feel fun you should go have some fun.  I have been remembering a couple of things that I used to enjoy before drinking stole my free time.  I liked being creative through art and I enjoyed playing sports.  ..Socializing is admittedly hard on me right now so I am choosing to rediscover hobbies.  Hopefully it will help me feel more confident and have things to talk about when I do feel like being social.
Well you're comparing probably years of accumulated memories of having fun while drinking to the last two weeks of not drinking. Give yourself time to make some new memories of yourself being awesome and funny and amazing while sober!
No...I am the opposite of fun when drunk. I don't have fun and neither does anyone within a mile radius of me. Instead of that being a good indicator to myself to pull the plug on my drinking. I just drank alone so I wouldn't make a fool of myself. This just led to me blowing up everyone I know's phone at 2 am and posting the most cringe worthy shit on Facebook. The illusion of no one being able to see me so wasted and sloppy just led to me drinking more and more often. ..Maybe I thought I was clever and funny when I was blackout drunk. But waking up sick and filled with horror trying to recount what I did the night before was so not fun. So much so that I'd contemplate checking myself in for a psych hold. ..The past 12 years of my life were not amusing. 
Honestly... I like drunk me better. She appreciates life and can make herself laugh and feels so content that she just wants to spread that feeling to others which results in her being more sociable and helpful at work/more productive at home and more receptive to family/friends...Sober me hurts with every breath. She's too anxious to look people in the eye. She ignores everyone's phone calls. She is irritated by everything in life and drags through her days itching to just go back to bed and get another 5-6 hours where she can close her eyes and sleep and not have to be aware that she's still alive feeling anxious unfulfilled  and hopelessly unhappy. Then she wakes up and does it all over again. Empty robotic actions not remembering what it feels like to smile and mean it...Drunk me feels like the world is beautiful and anything is possible and lives in that mindset. She notices sunsets and holds doors for strangers. She fucking sings. I'm not being nostalgic. I was happier drinking. ..Sober me reads reddit till 2 am just to distract herself from persistent suicidal thoughts and is jealous of the old and the sick because they're so much closer to the only thing in life left looking forward to. ..But at least my family is happier I'm on the wagon.
I've experienced the very same repeatedly when I stopped drinking in the past and I know I'm going to feel the same way at the very first social function I attend.    I don't enjoy parties weddings functions or even dining out.  I feel irritated between friends and family socialising and enjoying themselves.  I don't easily laugh or participate in the conversations and joking.  It's horrible!  .I'm used to be in the middle of the fun and jokes on almost every occasion - BUT I'm also used to be the one who leaves last (or gets carried out last) who made an ass of himself and who needs to apologise the next day for doing stupid things I can often not even remember.  .NOTHING is fun when there is no booze involved - not even holidays or weekends away..I need to change this.  I have to learn to relax and socialize without booze - moderation is no longer an option - it doesn't work for me.  I'll drink "normally" for a week or three and then go back to my age old pattern of drinking myself into a stupor or worse every weekend.  It sometimes takes until Wednesday to recover properly - only to feel good for two days and to start indulging again on the Friday afternoon..It seems that I need to answer this to myself:  Do I want to enjoy parties or do I want to enjoy my life?  If I keep enjoying parties the way I do I'm not going to enjoy my life for much longer as my wife kids family and many fiends are fed up of the idiot I become when intoxicated. .Not much of advice I believe but honestly how I still feel after drinking my Friday and Saturday away and sweating through Monday and Tuesday!.Good luck!.
I don't know how to socialize with people they talk to me and I'm polite but in reality I couldn't give a shit about what they are saying no matter what it is- I'm just waiting for them to stop talking to me and leave me alone. But at the same time I'm bored to death and craving their company. Its weird. Also I'm finding my self to be really cynical..EDIT : Also when I drink I wholeheartedly know that I am delightful sounds like bullshit or extremely rare but that is the case. 
I was a fun drunk when i was 18-19. After that things were just weird and dangerous when i drank. 
How old are you?
I feel like drunk people are easily amused. Drinking makes you a little dumber at least it does that to me. Its harder to control your emotions and they become amplified. Something that's kind of funny will make you laugh your ass off then a stranger looks at you wrong and your flying off the handle trying to start a fight. Or you start talking about your feelings openly and start sobbing your eyes out. You just lose control of your emotions when your drinking. I'm staying inside a lot more these days not just because I'm not drinking and I'm enjoying it. I don't get the wild and fun times I used to have but then again the low times are gone too. I'm seeing it as a way of evening myself out. I really like it. As for your friends they already know what their drinking worry about you and lead by example. They will stop when they are ready and hopefully if they see how well you are doing that will help them get there. Congrats and keep up the good work. 
Fun for the first hour or so then all downhill and a train wreck. Learn to acknowledge that it is ok to feel bored or anxious or depressed temporarily and things will gradually get better. Don't listen to just me though I'm new at this only 9 days sober but these are my thoughts right now. It's ok to be bored and feeling out of sorts for awhile until my body adjusts to sobriety.
