-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wguda/personal_question_for_yall_also_4_weeks_wow/

Wow I cannot believe i've made it 4 weeks. This is the longest I've been sober in probably 8 years. Its been a bit of a roller coaster and when the highs are there they are REALLY high the lows have not been that bad but a few days here and there of random depression....I have a bit of a personal question to ask maybe anyone can relate maybe I'm just being a bit down maybe this isn't the right place to bring it to....So i mentioned in previous posts that I have since moved from a large city to a very very small town in the midwest for work at a very reputable and top college. Before this I was in a relationship with someone whom I adored very much and considered asking her to marry me. When i moved out here last august things were up in the air if she was coming or not and created a huge strain in our relationship. I have learned a lot since then like how she has was not very faithful the past couple of months before i moved and even a month after I did I found out she is ENGAGED TO HER EX BOYFRIEND....I have never been so upset depressed lonely upset double-crossed in my life and all this alone time Ive had has really made me drink a lot hence why I have since located that as a problem and decided NOT to drink again....Here is my question. So its been almost 8 months at this point since I moved out here I halted all communication from her after I found out all of the fucked up things that were going on without me knowing and removed her from my life. Lately though since I've stopped drinking I have had weird dreams of us like we got back together that we were happy again things were normal etc. I can't stop thinking about her and I have no idea why. Has anyone gone through a tough breakup since drinking?..I also can't stop thinking about how our relationship would have gone if I had not drank so much when we were together but I know that is stupid because I can't change the past....Part of me just feels like i have A LOT of pent up emotions towards her we never really had an official closure or conversation once i heard about her being engaged to her ex within weeks of me moving out I had to rid myself of that trash. 8 months later I don't know if I should reach out to her and tell her all I'm feeling or just continue to fight this fight daily and force myself not to talk to her and give her the big "fuck you"....I want to think that now since I've stopped drinking I am realizing a lot of different things and thinking a lot more clearly I don't know how or where this fits in with my sober mind and I am struggling on how to deal with it.....does anyone have any advice or similar stories?
----------immediate responses--------

With all due respect your thoughts are incredibly selfish and certainly dangerous to not only your sobriety but to many other people.  ..This is really common however at your point in sobriety.  So many people decide after a few weeks that they can start fixing everything that has been wrong in their life.  Unfortunately they frequently have a distorted view of things in early sobriety and end up acting selfishly. This behavior tends to cause major chaos and the all too common relapse...Why don't you just focus on your recovery and moving forward in your life?  Just my 2 cents......Good luck and congrats on your month!
[deleted]
Breakups aren't linear. It's normal to have pangs of feeling shit/odd dreams/whatever for a good while even after we start feeling we're fine...The fact that yours occurred 8 months ago means nothing if you were drunk until one month ago; you only started legitimately dealing with your feelings four weeks ago and that isn't very long friend...Getting over the woman you wanted to marry is a shit fuckin' time. Been there. Gets better. Especially sober. Reaching out to her to tell her this will get you nowhere but "fighting your fight" for the sake of "giving her the big fuck you" won't either. Fight that fight for yourself and slowly but surely how she feels about it will matter less and less to you. ..edit: spelling 
&gt; like how she has was not very faithful the past couple of months before i moved and even a month after I did I found out she is ENGAGED TO HER EX BOYFRIEND....... ..&gt; I also can't stop thinking about how our relationship would have gone if I had not drank so much when we were together..Hey maybe your relationship sucked and maybe it was 100% your fault.  That doesn't excuse her unfaithfulness or her dishonesty.  You can sit around dreaming about how great things could have been if you hadn't fucked up I think that's normal.  But don't forget to see all sides of this issue.  Do you really want to be married to someone who you now know is dishonest?  Make sure your fantasy-land matches up with reality-land ya know?   You can idealize yourself in your fantasies--they are your fantasies after all--but don't idealize other people.  You don't want to end up heartbroken over an imaginary person...What you're going through is hard.  I don't have any advice in that regard.  Time heals all wounds.   Don't drink. 
My ex-husband remarried recently and didn't tell me or our young children.  I heard about it from a friend and after talking to my therapist the only thing I shared with my ex was my concern about our children learning about his marriage from him and his new wife rather than from anyone else.  ..Here's where I'm at with the "official closure" conversation I've never had with my ex (despite couples therapy): all those strong emotions that we might like to unleash on those who we feel have abandoned us are so complex and tied up with things we actually don't like about ourselves that it is better to deal on our own with our therapists and/or support groups...The only thing that would truly make me feel better coming from my ex-husband is if he would act in a way that is outside the realm of possibility for who he is.  That will NEVER happen...Because we have children together I keep our interactions brief and cordial.  Since you do not have that tie that binds with your ex-girlfriend why not free yourself?  The next time she reaches out to you maybe you could have something very benign prepared in response such as "I have a lot of feelings around our break-up.  While I understand your need to reach out to me I would prefer it if you did not contact me again.  I wish you well."..Boom. Freedom.  You can work through all those deep complex feelings and get to the source and start to heal.  I don't think we can ever get the kind of amends we feel we need from those who have hurt us -- we need to get that kind of healing from honest self-inventory and solid support from others (therapists sponsors recovery groups)...Good for you for making it this far in your sobriety.  Let's keep it up together!
P.S.  I've been struggling with resentments a lot lately.  Searching SD yields gold every time.  [Here's a comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/292j4e/resentments_and_lack_of_assertionwhat_to_do/cigsyza) from /u/TeddyPeepwhat I just read that I wanted to share with you /u/AlcoholicAuthor. .
Had a similar situation after college with the college gf. Wound up living with her then getting a job offer in CA. I left her there tried the ldr and eventually ended the 2 yr relationship. Then an old mutual friend filled me in that she was cheating the whole time with many people. ..Maybe you left for a reason that you didn't even know consciously at the time. Not trying to sound out there or anything. But you obviously did the right thing for your life. You left a negative relationship sounds like you got a better job and now you're getting sober so you can really start to deal with your real issues. Most people would see that as a win in life. Hope that helps your perspective.
Keep dreaming about my ex wondering how it would have been if I'd quit whilst with him I sometimes ponder unblocking him on fb but I remember the relationship ended for reasons other than my drinking and last time I checked about a year ago he seemed happy with a new girl. I'm leaving it even though I miss him every damn day
