-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wmgl8/one_week_at_220am_heading_to_inpatient_on_tuesday/

I posted a few days ago about my anxiety about going into inpatient mostly because I was on a waitlist and the facility I'm going to was only going to give me 24 hours notice. This morning I got the call and I'm going into a 21 day program this coming Tuesday. I will have visiting days for my family and my boyfriend on Tuesdays and Sundays and I can make outbound phone calls. ...One week ago I was drinking with some close friends. We usually drink pretty heavily together and we have no history of drama or crises among us so it was just another night of drinking. Or so I thought. After a few beers and a few shots my friend's new roommate come home with a friend. They're both wasted slurring their words leaning in a door frame so they won't fall. I remember looking at them both and thinking "Wow I'm pretty drunk. They must be wasted." At this point I started to black out but what I've been told I asked the roommate why I she was looking at me and then she went after me. I was sitting on the floor and I was flat out assaulted. I took blows to my face head and she kicked me in my back and my chest while I was on the floor. She bit deep into my hand while I was cowering and trying to cover my neck. I blacked in (I hate using that term) with blood all over my jeans from my friend's nosebleed who attempted to stop her from attacking me. My other two friends washed my clothes and got me some ice for my eye. I woke up the next day and the girl who attacked me came down to apologize and started crying because she "couldn't believe she could do that to another person." I was told the following morning she was afraid of me pressing charges and at this point I haven't because I need to focus on myself rather than the criminal justice system. ...I drove myself home and got a good look at my bruises and the bite on my hand. At that point I was developing a massive headache and I couldn't tell whether or not it was from my hangover or from the bruising on my skull. I drove myself to urgent care and was assessed by a doctor. She told me that due to the lack of technology at the clinic she couldn't give me adequate care so she sent me to the ER with a note saying she was concerned that I was bleeding in my brain and that my eye socket was cracked. The folks in the ER took great care of me. I was wheeled into another room for a head and facial CT. And there I realized it: I need help. I had been internalizing it for months and it was time that I spoke out to someone. I called my mom and explained what happened. She flew out the next night to accompany me through my initial assessment with the facility I'll be going to on Tuesday. ...I've gone to two AA meetings in the last two days. They've been extremely supportive of my situation and I found out that I'm not the only one that has struggled with inpatient and outpatient. I did some journaling today and I realized I need to start being honest with myself. I've been lying to myself and those around me for months and admitting to myself that I need help and that I am powerless over my addiction and that my life has become unmanageable due to alcohol. ...I was a mouthy impulsive and overly emotional drunk. My boyfriend has been sober since July of last year and I realized in the last few days it has been so unfair of me to place him in an uncomfortable position. I would go weeks without drinking but then as soon as I got too comfortable with not drinking I would slip up. I would drink when I was bored when I was lonely. I remember updating Facebook a year ago with a status that said "It's better than to drink alone with friends you pretend to like." Some 50 likes later I thought I was onto something. So I stopped drinking out and only drank at home. I was in control of my environment so it made sense. But I was not in control of my emotions or actions. I would drink when my boyfriend was away for work or when I was working from home. I quit my job this week with a vague but professional email so I can attend this program. I am no longer afraid but excited to continue my recovery in an appropriate setting. I learned that admitting you need help does not make you weak. I am in search of the tools to provide myself with sobriety and three weeks away from my every day life and this heinous Minnesota winter can only help me help myself. ...I've frequented this sub a lot in the last few days. Usually when I wake up to remind myself to take it one day at a time and to promise myself "I will not drink today." Thank you to those who have unknowingly helped me in the last week. It helps to know that I am not alone on the road to recovery. <3
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. Thank you for sharing. This is a powerful reminder that things can get out of control real quick. I wish you the best and quick healing. 
You have had quite a journey I wish I could say that it will be easier from here on out but sobriety isn't easy but it is better. .You have taken some remarkable steps. I really wish I had gone to inpatient treatment but I didn't because I rationalized that my problem didn't warrent that kind of time out. It has only made the process harder because trying to do it while working (so trying to maintain normalcy when clearly normal wasn't good for me) has made it way too easy to forget that I was in recovery...Take care of you. 
Don't drink don't think!..That's really horrible what happened to you - it's great that you are making something good and wholesome come from it.
Good for you for getting help! And as a fellow Minnesotan I agree with your winter comment! I am so ready for spring to get here 
Wow that is quite the experience. Horrible but it's motivated you to make huge changes so that's a plus. We will be here for you when you get back and we want to hear all about it. Your story has helped me remain strong in my sobriety today.
Wow you went so far down and pulled yourself up by the bootstraps!  You should feel really proud of yourself. :)  ..And do press charges - no one should treat you like that.  And just think what she'll do to others next time...One day at a time with you. :)
http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/1421.htm..This might have been valuable to you. A lot of the guys I was in treatment with used this to keep their jobs.
Hey welcome and good luck at inpatient. It sounds like your head is in the right place for it: actively involved...*I would go weeks without drinking but then as soon as I got too comfortable with not drinking I would slip up. I would drink when I was bored when I was lonely*..I can seriously relate to this. It's been a few years since I drank and I have had a lot of  time to reflect. During the years when I had thought my drinking was under control it followed a pattern a lot like this but against a background level of regular drinking that didn't go excessive not a background of abstaining. After a few months I'd figure I guess that I deserved to really party! Sometimes this brought no worse result than hangovers and shame for having made a fool of myself. Not always.  I punched a guy when I was drunk once. He was drunk too. I heard about it later. The grocery store refused to sell me wine with my foodz and they called the cops on me. They stopped me (I was walking home from a bar) not far from my door and they let me go home. ..What happened from there was my regular "moderate" (by my later standards) drinking and my heavy binges grew together and merged.  The regular got heavier and the binges got more frequent. By the last couple of years my life revolved around a cycle of drinking a bottle of whiskey suffering for a day or two recovering living a day or two of life feeling OK-ish then repeat. I hit the snooze button on those alarms and rolled over. Why couldn't I have said hey chinstrap you have to do something you committed an assault you almost got .arrested for drunk in public and these things do not happen to people who "just like to have a few drinks and relax"? Because I'm an a alcoholic and I wanted to keep drinking. ..I knew I had a drinking problem but I wasn't able to stop lying to myself that I could always fix it through just trying to keep it moderate. It never worked before - but this time is different! And you know it never was different. I could only keep it together for a limited period of time. ..The things I liked best about early sobriety was how good it felt to finally stop lying to myself and how good I felt physically after stopping the regular cycle of poisoning myself with huge amounts of hard spirits. 
