-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wmy6k/i_went_to_a_party_tonight_with_folks_i_used_to/

It was so tempting to drink with them certainly. I thought about how easy it would be to get drunk just one night. I don't even have that many days of sobriety right? If the odds are that I'll relapse might as well do it early right? It's unbearably awkward telling people I quit drinking so I should just let loose right?..Wrong. I knew all these thoughts were wrong. And I stuck with my decision to stay sober...I'm proud of myself for doing it but I'm also feeling extremely self-conscious. I wonder what they're saying about me. A joke was made (it would take too long to explain but it's unrelated to drinking) and I'm not sure if they were laughing with me or at me...It's possible to hang around with drunks but don't let anyone tell you it's easy. That's all I've got for now.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;It's possible to hang around with drunks but don't let anyone tell you it's easy...It's possible to hang around with drunks but don't let anyone tell you it's necessary. ..Part of this whole sober gig is surrounding yourself with positive people that care about your well-being and happiness. In my early months of recovery I learned that all those people I used to drink with all the time are simply *not those people.* And it's hard cutting the cord. People that make jokes and poke and pick at your sobriety are not the people you want to surround yourself with. Most of us have to learn that the hard way. There are thousands of stories here about the hardship of cutting people loose. Friends that you think are your friends but turned out only to be drinking buddies. You may find that these people are not only frustrating to be around but they're actually well *boring.* How close can you really be with people when your relationship with them revolves around dimming your senses? Contrary to our beliefs booze did not make us interesting. It didn't make us funny or witty. When you are the only sober person in a room this becomes quickly apparent. ..I'm glad that you didn't drink. It wouldn't have been worth it and you're almost halfway to triple digits. That's something to be proud of. Please don't write it off. From where you're sitting it may not seem like much but I can tell you from experience that 46 days seems a hell of a lot longer when you're sitting at day 0 or day 1. Stick with it. Pick your friends wisely and don't be afraid to weed some people out. All of us that got sober our friend circles initially got smaller. This is natural. Try to be okay with it. ..Good luck on your journey and please keep coming back here to read and post. 
Sorry that sounds like it sucked but you stuck to your guns and that's awesome.
Way to navigate those impulses. I pretty much don't hang around with people drinking anymore. I don't want to put myself through that. Well in all honesty I just don't have the mental energy.
My wife drinks.  Almost everyone we know and with whom we socialize drinks.  It hasn't been a problem for me - have bottled water will travel.  However if I felt wobbly in those situations I would avoid them.   
Hanging around with drunks sucks. It's what I'm trying to get away from. 
[deleted]
