-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wnyrw/nine/

My badge has become very important to me. Seeing that little number increment has far more power than I ever expected. It is a marker a milepost something to anticipate and project ahead. But as important as it is I don't want to make a big deal about it or mark specific days as more important than others.. .Today is a little different. This evening my youngest son will complete his first revolution around the sun. It is amazing that he has been here so long that time has gone so fast that he has been a part of my heart for so long that so much has changed in the blink of an eye.. .Today my badge says  270.  Two hundred and seventy days where I have not been drunk intoxicated or buzzed on alcohol. Two hundred and seventy one days ago three days was the longest stretch of abstinence I had in years. There was the time I spent in the hospital after my son's birth and the time I ran out of whiskey on a backpacking trip. Two hundred and seventy one days ago I was too drunk to remember to give my son his medication. Two hundred and seventy one days ago my lies self-image and self-deception came crashing down. I admitted to my wife that my attempts to curb my drinking were not working. I admitted I needed help.. .Two hundred and sixty five days ago I was struggling not to drink hour by hour minute by minute. I could not imagine lasting a week let alone a month or more. I began posting here. I found a meeting. I found hope support and tools. Two hundred and forty days ago I had gone further than I could have imagined. It sure as hell was not easy. Ninety days ago was another milestone one I celebrated with reflection and thanksgiving. Still hard but getting easier. Yesterday was a long day. I made it home and cracked a soda. It was easier...Today I will not drink.
----------immediate responses--------

You are awesome.
Congratulations. Fantastic post. Thank you!
You are an inspiration! :)
It takes a strong man to recognize his faults.  It takes a stronger man to be willing to fix them.  ..Congratulations on being a father your child will be able to look up to and count on.  ..Your strength gives me strength to not drink today as well.
I love this post! Happy birthday to your son and congratulations to you on nine months! It's amazing!
\o/
Really really inspiring to me. Thankyou. I needed this. This is why I come here.
Congratulations!  Memorial day for you too?
Amazing post. Congratulations!!
The Power of suggestion....now I want a Fresca!..I'm proud of you ej. As a father as a husband as a fellow SDers and as my friend. Congrats on your 9 months.  Major respect to you for each day of those 270. 
