-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2woh6e/how_dare_he/

Today is the day after my moderate goal. We have plans with friends to play euchre. There's usually drinks but no pressure and I can be around drinkers without issue. What my success depends on is how bad I want a drink and if it's worth giving up over. Being in a group of friends kind of shys me away from drinking because that's when I make an ass of myself and it's easy to remember then. Anyway I asked SO what he wants me to get to bring with us snacks his beer etc. He asked what I'm drinking and I told him probably nothing. I've really been trying not to call attention to my lack of drinking (nothing to do with an escape route but another issue between us). He asks "Oh? Why?" and I blurted out "I've had 2 beers in 2 weeks. I think that's fine for now."  .."See you're not an alcoholic!" and I just kind of hrrmph'd. He asked "What are you having cravings?" and I told him every damn day but it's not a conversation I'm going to have over a 5 minute phone call. And you know what that ass said? "I'm proud of you". I didn't appreciate it one bit but said thanks. ..After I was off the phone I had my very typical thoughts toward him about lack of support minimalization *think I'm just gonna open up and share with you now???*. How dare he right?  Right? There is history of course that's too much for this post but I want to curl up around my sobriety and horde it and smack his hand away. ..Then a sweet little voice I don't get to hear too often (because it's always drown out) spoke up and said "Really? Look at all the other progress you've both made in other areas. You know he wasn't being condescending. You know he doesn't understand what you're struggling with but you shouldn't shut him out because of that. It doesn't nullify his sincerity. This is a prime example of something *you* need to change not him. Cut him some slack"..So I guess today I get to work on humility and dropping defenses. I won't be drinking tonight because it will destroy the progress that was made in that quick little temper tantrum. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am very happy to see that you are making progress on your journey. It's tough. Keep your chin up and I wish you all the best. I hope you keep us updated. :) 
That's a good self-observation and recovery of rationality...I wish you luck on your approach.  I'm certain I'd be miserable trying to walk the middle ground between none of the booze and all of the booze.
Holy self-awareness batman! In ce work :)
Every now and then I just have to remind myself that the way my alcoholic brain works isn't how everyone's brain works. The way I rationalize my alcoholic thoughts "normal" people will never understand. ..And that's okay. Because I know I'm not the only one. But I am the only one of the people around me. And that's why I love this sub. 
