-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wojho/out_of_nowhere_tonight_is_a_struggle/

Overwhelming thoughts of booze. Passed the usual time I'd head out on a saturday and replenish the supply and my brain is rebelling with "WTF MAN WE HAD A DEAL GO GET THAT POISON"...Looked up meetings nearby but no SMART nearby AA meet is an open one but I chatted to a friend who went recently and said this particular one was overwhelmingly christian orientated (us rural types love a bit of bible bashing) and the other non-churchy AA meet isn't till next week...Trying to sate the thoughts with tasty soft drinks which has worked fine up till today but tonight he's having none of it. ..So far I've kept massively busy. Ebayed 15 items cleaned tidied walked dogs washed car filled petrol sorted pc out. I've ran out of stuff to do and that evil bastard voice is getting louder...I'm determined not to drink. I've made it further than I ever have. This will pass. I'm sure.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm by no means an expert but what has helped me this time around is I think about what alcohol will do for me that is creating that urge.  Is it because I'm bored?  Do I want to hide from feelings?  Am I angry at something?  If I find out why I am thinking about alcohol I think about what alcohol will actually DO for me.  It will make me feel guilty it will ruin any kind of connection I have with those I care about it will disappoint everyone (including myself) and it will prove that I'm weak.  Prove that you are bigger than a stupid f*cking drug that only brings problems out and brings you down.  Also you can look forward to getting that red chip (I finally got mine last week and it was awesome). Good luck.  I won't drink today.  Join me please.
What about going anyway and finding out for yourself? If you feel like you need one don't let someone's opinion stop you. Your experience may be different.
Update: Went out with some friends and my wife had a nice time drove home ate Burger King. Was good x
