-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wvkd5/27m_seeking_time_machine_new_or_used/

Disclaimer:.Master of Architecture not English so sorry for the shitty grammar.	.I've know I am an alcoholic for nearly all of my adult life. I am 27 now and have seen the habit grow steadily for the past 8 or so years increasing in quantity and emotional damage done to myself and those around me. Withdraws have been a weekly occurrence in my life for years I know the darkness. (for those unsure of the extent of my abuse) I gave up drinking in November and after a couple of false starts was able to stay sober for 49 days - I felt incredible. After a relapse/bender in early January I got back on the wagon and made it another 30 days again I felt the best I have in recent memory. On Valentines weekend I drank non stop for 4 days missing the phone calls and Skype date I had planned with my long distance soon to be fianc  of 3.5 years. We fell in love at College moved to a new city together and lived together for a year before I left for Graduate School and she moved to NewAppleManhattanVille. Long distance relationships are hard and this was an important day for us. Of all the people in my life that love me she has been hurt the most by my drinking. On the Sunday following Valentines day we talked on the phone and confirmed my worst fear. She can no longer handle my drinking and can't imagine a future for us; sadly neither can I. This would have been my 1000th chance to change my drinking habits and well  1000 is a lot of chances. Loosing her is the hardest thing I've ever experienced especially knowing that all I had to do was not drink. There are no apologies. It is mutually understood that I sabotaged our relationship and now both of us are loosing the love of our lives because of it. When I look at my life I see a series of shortcomings broken promises and unattained goals strung together in a mirage of achievement. Objectively I probably seem like a fine if not great human. In the spring I'll be receiving a Masters Degree from a top 5 University I have career ambition and am in relatively good physical shape. But behind this veneer apparent to everyone who has ever met me is a raging self centered alcoholic. I feel like I am destined for failure and disappointment. I feel like years of alcohol abuse have irreparably damaged my work ethic and moral grounding. I am afraid that I have squandered my developmental years drunk or hung over and now I can no longer function as a  normal  person. I haven't had a drink in 48 hours and I don't plan on drinking again  ever but I've been here before and I know it's only a matter of time before I'm staring at the bottom of a bottle of fireball (or god forbid Kamchatka) I am scared and I feel alone. I'm sorry for the pity party my problems probably pale in comparison to many of yours but I really needed this out there. Words of reassurance are appreciated advice more so. Grammar edits will be spitefully made if this is deemed unreadable by the Reditati. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing your story. I hope you find some relief just from telling your tale. This is the beginning of what may be a long and fruitful journey towards having a normal life...Sounds like you have some emotions that you're having trouble chopping with which drive you to drink. Also looks like when you drink you lack the ability to stop in a reasonable manner/time/whatever. While alcohol will help you stop feeling anything (including feeling bad) the effects are only temporary and the feelings return when you sober up...Anyone who strings together enough time in here has learned how to feel their feelings and not choose to drink over them. Making that choice consistently however comes as the result if a lot of work... In my experience the work begins by asking for help which your doing now so yay!
Welcome! Even though it was a long time ago I am grateful that I still remember the overwhelming panic of being backed into a corner by alcohol. There was no way I could naviagate sobriety alone so I sought out all the support I could find. I went to rehab got a therapist and went to AA. I learned more about myself than I ever wanted to know but I also learned how to live a sober satisfying and productive life. Maybe it time to get help. Thanks for your honest post... [I had no problem understanding your English and admire anyone who know more than one language.]
&gt;Objectively I probably seem like a fine if not great human...I am right there with you! Every time I wold reflect I would think "Well I came through a tough program with degrees and certificates.  I cant be too bad!"..I almost used it as an indicator that I wasn't drinking too much.  Alcoholics couldn't accomplish what I did right?..Congrats on making what you know is the right decision. If you have accomplished so much **with** alcohol imagine what you can do *without* the burden! ..Keep it up and stay strong!..-Monetary..
I think a lot about the times I would change if I could go back. The fact is though if I hadn't screwed up so many times I would have never made the change that I did. I've learned a neat trick to help me feel better when I'm lamenting on the past. ..First imagine you're on your death bed. Maybe you're 95. Now imagine that you never made that change you spent ~75 years drinking and alienating the people you love. Sounds pretty miserable. ..But a miracle has happened an angel/magic genie shows up and offers you a redo. There's a catch though and you can only go back to when you're 27 and you just lost the love your life because of drinking. Would you still take that deal? Me too. ..Next thing you know you're waking up today and you're on reddit ready to make the change. ..My point is because you're not dead and you have a lot of life left you're already living your redo. Do whatever you want with it but if you don't want to end up like that 95 year old version of you that we talked about earlier you know what to do. ..That's my logic you're free to use it if you like it. 
Thank for all the great responses to my Time Machine Ad especially RingoWasHisNameO's powerful reflection tool. I wanted to check in with some developments and just say hi. I am heading to NewAppleManhattanville on Friday to see my now estranged fianc  and discuss our situation. It is a work trip and I'll be staying with her for the week. The situation is a little odd given our current relationship but I'm comfortable staying with her. Wish me luck.
