-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wvnkn/one_year_with_no_booze/

I think it would be a bit disingenuous to write a long inspiring post about everything I've learned and how much better my life has become since I stopped drinking. I'll just write some thoughts I have regarding this anniversary. Here's how I honestly feel...* Getting it out of the way first I do feel proud of not drinking for a year. I was fortunate that I did not experience a life changing or catastrophic rock bottom but alcohol was a real problem in my life. I relied on it socially and used it to numb my emotions. I drank out of boredom and frustration. I made lots of dumb choices that could have resulted in death prison or the destruction of all of my important personal relationships. I realize that only good luck prevented any of those things from happening. So I'm glad I stopped and have very little desire to start again...* Today however I mostly have a feeling of "is this all there is?" I thought I'd be more happy. Kind of a theme for the whole year to be honest. Best analogy I have is Chris Rock's bit about guys being proud of not going to jail. You're not supposed to go to jail! I'm not very forgiving to myself....*"you didn't drink for an entire year? Wow congrats on not being a piece of shit you want a cookie??"* says my always-mean always-unforgiving inner voice (I hate that guy so much). This sub is really the only avenue I have to talk about this. My close friends are supportive but don't really care which can go both ways. On one hand their opinion of me has little to do with whether I do or do not drink...but I'm not going to get a congrats. My wife and I don't really talk about it. For some reason it's become a bit of a taboo subject. I don't bring it up and neither does she. I know she's grateful I don't drink but I just don't think we know how to talk to each other about it. It's a sensitive subject that we tend to avoid. One of the few things we have a bit of a divide over...* While I know that not drinking is the right choice for me and has made my life more manageable it hasn't made me happier or more content. If anything it's made me a lot more restless and socially a bit of a bummer. The reality is that I do not enjoy doing a lot of the things I used to do when alcohol was present. Live music going out to dinner traveling to different cities or places...all a bit more dull. While I still do these things the excitement and anticipation I used to have for them is pretty flat. I do not want to start drinking again to make these things 'better' again...but I'm having a hard time with finding a new normal. I've let a lot of friendships fizzle as well. I guess these were drinking friendships so maybe they weren't 'real'? I dunno it's hard for me to call up some guy friends and and hang out without beer. These are things I have to work on. ..* My anxiety is not less than it was before. It's just different. A year ago anxiety tended to be centered around how much of a fuckup I was and how much I hated myself. It was turned inward. I've cut myself a bit of a break in the past year because I know I'm at least doing SOMETHING right. But it's turned outward a bit. I have become a less patient person. Shitty things in the news and things that are out of my control tend to wind me up a lot more than they used to. I'm a little bit more cynical. Not a lot but a little. It's a bit of a dry drunkeness going on. I know this is something I have to work on. ..* I replaced a lot of compulsive drinking with compulsive eating. Trading one vice for the other really. This one just will kill me differently. The good: At least I won't kill myself or someone else in a car wreck or go to prison for eating too many Hershey bars. The bad: It's similar behavior just self-medicating in a different way. I'd like to change these rationalizations in the upcoming year. *"I don't drink anymore so I get to have a bacon cheeseburger at this restaurant."* No I don't. Gotta try to be healthier. ..So that's all I have at the moment. I'm not trying to be a downer just being honest and maybe seeing if anyone else had these feelings at their first year. I don't want to pretend to be all sunshine when it's not I feel like that would be me being fake and not honest and that's what leads to relapses. ..I'm happy I stopped drinking and my life is more manageable without alcohol in it. I'm just feeling a bit let down bummed etc. I like not being a drinker and don't want to start again. Sobriety is tough though..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and hello! Bravo for one year! It sounds like you could use more support. Having a therapist gave me insight perspective and a safe place to vent. Being in a room with other alcoholics at AA meetings was comforting and encouraging. I met wonderful people and made sober friends. These resources made sobriety easier and more fun. ..Take care of yourself and thanks for sharing your anniversary with us.
1 year!  WOW!  Congrats :D  I wish you the best to transform your life and finding joy in new adventures that you feel thrilled about...As someone who has just started this journey I'm still in my "pink cloud".  As part of my journey this time around I have made a promise to try something new as often as possible.  I hope to find a true new passion in my on-going adventure of living.
Congratulations to you! One year is a real accomplishment you rightfully should be proud of...Finding support as /u/SOmuch2learn has suggested was my initial thought as well. At a year I don't think "sobriety" is your problem. Not drinking got you through your alcohol problem but different methods need to be used to get through the other issues you bring up (anxiety possible depression? lack of social group)...I think many people go through the same realization you do that although alcohol makes life much more manageable it's not the cure-all. What sets you apart from many however is that despite feeling let down by the less extreme changes quitting brought you you recognize there's still more to be done on your part to achieve your goals. It's my opinion that the people whose entire lives were changed by quitting drinking actually put in a lot more work in other areas than they realize or let on. That or didn't have any other prominent issues beforehand...It's a difficult and complex process to satisfy your potential and achieve peace which is why I seconded therapy and/or finding a social group (AA or even /r/stopdrinking being the recommendation because of the common "interest" of these groups). Just keep an honest eye on your thoughts and feelings. Also be open to positive suggestions -- to get new results more than likely we have to try new methods. This is usually uncomfortable but it's good to be uncomfortable sometimes...Thanks for you post it really helped me to think of my own problems sitting on the back burner. Please keep coming back!.
Well done! It's tempting to trade one vice for another but eating is a million times better than drinking. I'm learning that balancing out these little things and making tweaks are good goals for long term sobriety. Too hard in the first year!!
Try and stay positive my friend. One thing in particular resonated strongly with me and that was your description of activities that are less fun without alcohol. Live music dinner traveling etc. are all activities that are completely subjective and so it is impossible for me to say that they are "meant" to be experienced one way or another. However this gives us the opportunity to shape our experience or at least try our best to shape it based on what we want out of it. Perhaps you might try this? Define your goals for going to a live music show and accomplish it. .."I want to meet X." "I want to hear X song." "I want to go to a musical experience with an open mind.".."I want to take X out to dinner and learn more about them." "I want to try X food and pair it with X flavor."..I struggle with the same fears anxieties and problems but I just wanted to comment and encourage you to not give up. I hope to have a year under my belt soon and maybe then we can compare bands/restaurants/places to visit!
I can relate to just about everything you wrote. My one-year anniversary was also very anticlimactic and I also have zero desire to start drinking again. I feel very done with that part of my life. But and maybe you can relate I have been feeling depressed and a little bit like "what's the point?" Not "what's the point of sobriety" just "what's the point of anything?"..What I'm trying to do is actively pull myself up out of this depressive pit and for me AA SMART therapy and starting anti-depressants with a trusted psychiatrist have been helpful in my quest to try to wring some meaning out of life. ..Do you have any kind of real-life support? It sounds like your wife and friends haven't been supportive or maybe just don't understand what you're going through. Good luck and I agree sobriety is tough.
First of all congrats! That is quite an accomplishment! There is a saying that most people with anxiety disorder are too busy drinking to know they have anxiety disorder. And that is true. Most likely you were anxious as a kid too just didn't realize it and drinking is an anti-anxiety fix. Yes I know drinking only makes it worse but for some people its the reason they start drinking and end up enjoying it so much...I have a lot of trouble with boredom and have basically stopped eating at restaurants. I used to love the beer and lively chat at restaurants now it just seems like a waste of money for mediocre food. I cut out all my drinking friends a long time ago and then realized they were the fun ones. Sigh. We are also trying to find a new normal and have been for a while now (slowly over a few years).   ..We are traveling to new countries this summer hopefully that will inspire some something. Also re-learning French. There must be something interesting to inspire you. Art books a new language travel etc. 
I have that mean inner voice.  I was always so riddled with booze that I didn't notice it so much but it's really bad...My year anniversary wasn't much of a fan fare.  Truth be told I was feeling grateful to be out of the cycle but I was angry and depressed a lot of the time...My new found sugar addiction got completely out of control as well.  I'd wake up at 4am and eat 1/2 pound of m&amp;m's every night....I'm approaching my second year and I've recently started to take some steps that have really made me feel a whole lot better....It sounds dumb but I started counting calories to lose weight....I lost almost 40 pounds when I quit drinking but put 27 back on due to my candy binges....I got a calorie counting app that has a supermarket scanner function which makes it easy to track what you eat....I began eating healthy and really tracking and planning what I ate.  I started dropping weight fast again but the by product was the effect on my emotional state....The depression lifted the anger went away inner voice is still there but much less active.   My moods have improved dramatically and my energy has doubled....I've been doing this for about 6 weeks now and the change is remarkable.   ...What is also interesting is when I slip (and I do) and inhale huge amounts of candy I feel like utter shit for the next two days.  It's eerily close to a hangover....It sounds like you really could use someone to talk to about this.  My wife tries and is encouraging but she doesn't get it how could she?...I use AA and my sponsor but I'm also heading back to therapy to start tackling the mean inner vice.  I have to take care of that guy somehow so he's not so miserable and mean all the time....
I stopped drinking twice. Once for three years (finished college got married started career bought home) and once for six years (knew I had to do something to get out of a MEGA depression then major RAGE that followed stopping drinking)...I tried everything I could think of to stay stopped drinking and be happy with that. I never found the right mix. I tried everything from roasting coffee weight lifting gardening yoga reading painting car repair home improvement (flooring plumbing landscaping) building computers computer games linux server administration making pizza dough making bread being super dad getting back in touch with long lost friends JESUS MAN I TRIED EVERYTHING I COULD THINK TO TRY. I ended up drinking again and it got worse than anything I ever knew...Eventually I got to a point where  I couldn't ignore the need to stop drinking again. ..What I realized was "Shit I can't do it. I can't stop drinking &amp; stay stopped alone. I need help." ..I found others like me in Alcoholics Anonymous. I got involved and I work to do AA in my community because maybe there is someone like me out there who still doesn't know that life doesn't have to be so hard...That's what seems to be helping me. Maybe you got it soon enough that you'll be just fine doing what you do. ...&gt;If anything it's made me a lot more restless and socially a bit of a bummer. The reality is that I do not enjoy doing a lot of the things I used to do when alcohol was present....It reminds me of when I was just not drinking though.  ..Maybe you were never as bad as I was but be honest with yourself if you start drinking again by no intention of your own (this happened to me) it can most definitely be worse than it was if you are like me...Good luck with being sober.
I've been sober for almost 3 years and I can relate to everything you mention. I'm not as social as I was. I still get depressed. I still have bad habits and other addictions. Sobriety doesn't make you the person you want to be. It's just one step in that direction. For many of us it's the most important step. .From what you wrote you know that. There are many people that feel the same as you. 
You achieved a major goal man. You should be proud of yourself. I have found that exercise in tandem with quitting drinking helped calm the inner voices. Getting in shape actually seemed to elevate my general mood and clear my head enough to enjoy the normal activities which usually included drinking. I'm not suggesting that you turn into a gym rat but putting in some time moving your body and getting your blood moving does more wonders than you could realize if you do it everyday. I've also noticed that my confidence and self esteem are also up now that I'm in better shape. It's hard as hell to get into shape but it's hard as hell to quit drinking for a year. Just try it. The worst that could happen is that you burn some calories by trying it. Again congrats on your year!
I'm still about a month off from the one year mark but I could relate to almost everything you typed here. Since the day I quit things have gotten easier but its almost like... nothing is ever as perfect as it could be. Like even when I'm doing the things I love it still feels like there's something missing like I can only enjoy it 90% as much as I used to. Everything is an incomplete experience...I kind of cycle between being proud of my sobriety and being ashamed of it. The social aspect has really been the hardest for me lost a lot of good friends had many an awkward conversation and parties aren't ever quite the same. Ever try playing a drinking game without actually drinking? Hah that's still probably the weirdest thing I have ever been a part of...I'm a bit less patient than I used to be as well. I think I was living an unbalanced life before and the drinking kind of just put me back on an even keel. It was the pressure valve I could turn to just let off some steam. Now I need to find some healthy pressure valve replacement for the drinking but nothing seems to work quite as well as that did. I know I've come a long way in the past year but it still kind of feels like "huh... was this it? I thought there was going to be more here." Most days I don't really want to drink. Once every blue moon though resisting a drink feels like fasting for 2 weeks and then watching people eat delicious food in front of you. Emotionally and mentally grueling..Seriously though thanks for posting man. After all of the sunshine and rainbow one year posts it's kind of nice to know there are more people out there having a tough time. Hope things get easier on you down the road. Congrats on one year!
Thank you for this honest post. I also have been chomping up a storm and  coming to the realization that yes I'm swapping one thing for another. You say you "gotta try to be healthier."  I feel the same too! I can see myself putting on a little food weight here and there and if left unchecked I could be on the rocky road downhill.  I think exercise is key here. It will lift low feelings. Maybe give something to aim for? You already have this thing called sobriety cracked. Now maybe you just need a new goal? Take care and here's to the next sober healthy year!
Great post. One year is a major life accomplishment. You have every right to be proud there are a helluva lot of people out there that would like to know how you cracked the code...I relate so much to your issues. ..With your wife- my experience is similar. I wish my wife would show more pride in my quitting and be more supportive I try to remember that she was on the receiving end of me at my worst. She got hurt and I put her through a lot. She's probably also nervous that I will start up again. I try to remember that my hurt feelings about her lack of outward support may be just my messed up wiring. She stuck around right? I think it takes a lot of time...The friends thing too... I have no idea what to do. The number of drinkers far out numbers the no drinkers. I don't want to select friends soley from a non drinking crowd because that's pretty limiting. On the other hand I see my friends slip away. I can't get the energy to care though. After a certain point every time we go out I am ready to bail out because it just gets dumb and redundant. Drunks close-talking me with wine stained teeth spitting in my face while they talk. It gets old! But I don't want to join a church group either. This is one where I am just going to try to have these guys be my friends on my terms- and I've got to be fine with that. ..I often feel like throught this sobriety I have learned a lot that I want to share. Not all great stuff just a lot of unexpected realities. For example I did not think that quitting drinking would result in me questioning the 'realness' of friendships with guys I consider my brothers. Friends I've had for 25 years! Maybe you could get some satisfaction from using your experience to help others. You've earned that right...Congrats again and good luck in year 2.
Awesome congrats 
congratulations i have all those feelings after three years wish i had some good advice for you but good luck hope you find a way to be happier
Why should sobriety be tough? ..I am seven months sober. I've changed social circles. I've had to learn how to be my true authentic self. Quitting drinking is tough. Sobriety should be enlightening. 
Congrats on your one year onefart! Maybe take the years in stages: year one was about getting over the physical part of just putting down the bottle. Perhaps make year two about picking you up. It sounds like you would definitely benefit from therapy. Not only you but perhaps your wife for awhile too.  Your description of the taboo subject sounds like you both might be treating it from a perspective of shame. Shame can rot from the inside out. You've been around here long enough you've probably seen me post this but if not [this is a really good TED talk about shame](http://www.ted.com/talks/brene_brown_listening_to_shame?language=en) that you may find helpful...Sobriety shouldn't be tough. It should be eye opening and full of growth. I can't help but feel that you might be struggling with some deeper issues that the therapy could address. I wish you the best my friend and series props to your year. 
Believe me when I say it gets even better!!! Congrats on the hard dedicated work.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/QajFmR2.jpg)
Great job!
I'm totally new here but have a couple thoughts. Congratulations on a year BTW!! It's awesome regardless of how you feel about it at the moment. Takes a lot of work to get there. .Anyway: Thought 1 regarding friends: maybe it's not that they weren't 'real' friends. But we do tend to have friends for different phases of life. I.E all my friends who have kids make new friends that have kids too. It's not that the pre-kid friendships aren't real they just evolve.  When I started thinking about my pre-sober friendships as 'not real' it bummed me out. I think it cheapens the friendships when we decide they weren't 'real'. People change though and sobriety can be a very big change. Those people were/are my friends we are just aligned differently right now. .Thought 2: Someone told me once after a breakup to 'develop parts of yourself that your ex doesn't know'.  Hands down the best advice I've ever gotten I think it applies to sobriety as well. Just as going to 'our spot' without Mr. Wonderful made things sad for me going to "our spot (aka the bar)' without drinking pals can also activate that feeling of loss. At the very least you do some novel/new things and that's good for everyone sober or not. A new hobby is good for making your brain learn new things without the well-worn path of drinking to make you nostalgic.  Worked for me in relation to my ex might help. After all our relationship with booze IS a relationship in a certain way and there is some mourning/missing of the old times involved. After all like any relationship if it had been 100% horrible all the time you wouldn't have stayed as long.It makes sense that it's not all rainbows and unicorns.  ..Good luck I hope you feel better! It's good to read an honest account of where a person is at. As a white belt I appreciate hearing the downside it reminds me that sobriety is not a fix-all sort of deal. 
You know what brother? I need to shake your hand.  This is a tough acceptance for us. Usually we see how easy it is for those within a year. (the weight loss the relationships etc.)..I can say I've lost everything. My social behaviour my ability to meet friends in a new city and just how to act like a Man...It does get better brother. You've done one hell of a job and you deserve a thumbs up. Keep at it my man and you'll be fine!
I share a lot of the same feelings half a year in. My inner voice is a really hurtful jerk too. I think the way we have to look at it is the way you are looking at it a work in progress. Are you ever going to hit 100% happiness healthiness etc? I hope so! But if you did then you wouldn't need to keep improving! I try to wake up in the morning and look forward not to the top of the mountain but to the climb. ..By the way your user name is fantastic so at least you can cross that one off your list :D
Thanks for your honesty. My situation is a little different but I also found that being sober isn't all a bed of roses.  ..I have a mental illness and there is almost always at least one person at an AA meeting who tells me (if I reveal my mental health struggle) that alcohol is a depressant and I'm going to feel so much better in a month ... three months ... a year. However I actually had several severe depressions in my youth before I ever took a sip of alcohol. In fact the lowest moments of my life have all been stone-cold sober. That doesn't mean the drinking was okay; just that sobriety isn't a happy-pill. ..I held a belief that being sober was going to make me *feel* better. That belief undermined several quit attempts: if I started feeling bad I would think "why bother?" and throw in the towel. Then I realized being sober isn't supposed to make me feel anything other than *not drunk*. I focus on the fact that not drinking is good for my body even if I don't feel any different mentally. 
Nice work! I paid a lot less attention to how much time I had (this time) because I'm realizing that this is for life. My time is important to the newcomer they see that it CAN be done...and maybe I'm someone that can show them how. I used to think I'd never get to a year so every day is something new. I have days come up that in the past I would have called a bad day but now I can look at them through new eyes. Sober experiences don't always feel good but turning to a drink to fix anything always seemed to make it worse for me. Everything I do now is a learning experience and all my experience can help another person stay sober. I'm grateful for that and so many other things. I should be dead I have nothing to complain about!
One thing that may help is exercise - it's really helped me. I bought a treadmill and started running and pushing myself hard and it helps in a number of ways: you work off a lot of your excess calories you will get a real buzz out of the endorphins that a really hard run triggers and it will help kill a lot of your feelings of restlessness. It's also a recognised way to combat depression or stress and also helps with a sense of control over your life as you will start to see positive effects like weight loss...My Dad was a big drinker until his 40s and when he decided to quit he took up running in a big way joined a running club made some good friends and started running marathons. Now in his 70s he's had to stop the marathons but still runs 20-30k a week. He's done marathons and triathlons and done them all over the world and still does all kinds of energetic things (just bought his first sailing boat and is learning to sail). It's because of him that I decided to take up running. We now often do our local 5k race together on a Saturday morning (although he's still way quicker than me even in his 70s)...You may be a very non-athletic type but so was I and so was my Dad. It's never too late to start running swimming cycling whatever - and I guarantee it'll make you feel good. My favourite point of the week now is coming in from a frosty 5k run on a Saturday morning knowing I've burned a load of calories and am therefore deserving of a large coffee and a cooked breakfast - feels really good. I'm also getting back into regular swimming and am planning on taking up scuba diving. In short I feel liberated to do energetic things that I haven't bothered doing for years or have never done before...Try getting a treadmill or joining a gym and once you've reached the point where you can manage a 20-minute run then look to join a running club. Then tell yourself that in 3 years you'll run the London Marathon or the Paris Marathon or New York or wherever. Will give you something awesome to aim for and a real sense of achievement when you pull it off. ..Good luck whatever you choose - and hang in there.
Yeah I know what you mean but good work either way man! Sure it's not like you saved the planet but you are doing something that isn't easy to deal with. I'm just hoping I get better at the social thing you referenced. It's a real bitch. ..Nicely written post. I am going through a lot of the same things. Fuck it at least we're not shitty drunks anymore right? ...Right.
Maaaaaaaaaaaan.  I'm almost to one year and all your points are completely spot on.  I feel so similar its creepy.  Even down to the foods I want (bacon cheeseburgers) the response of my wife and my friends...I started seeing a therapist again this month to deal with these things.  Sobriety helped me manage my depression and anxiety but it didn't cure it.  I still have to deal with these mental health issues and it's a bummer.  But... I'm still dealing with them.  You are still dealing with your inner demons even at 1 year sober so keep doing what you are doing.  Reach out for help if you need it...
