-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ww41u/are_you_a_newcomer_if_your_use_of_prescription/

Hi all.15 years sober (from alcohol) here.  ..I will preface by saying my problem was always alcohol.  Never had a problem with pills of any kind...A chronic medical condition that developed 3 years ago has led me to limited access to norco percocet etc.  I find that when I take them I take a little more than needed - or I take them until they are done even if I might be feeling semi-ok after day two for example.  Once they are gone they are gone...I do not go to outside sources to get the medication it's just gone...I realize this is problematic.  It's like junk food if it is here I take it.  ..I am trying to get my head around it not filling prescriptions aggressively looking for new treatments for my chronic issues...My dilema is: I am in total angst about whether or not I have to tell my AA group I am a newcomer if I have taken pain medication that is borderline or outright not necessary.  It would kill me kill my family disappoint my group.  Then I have to explain to the inlaws the family.  ..My understanding is AA is ONLY about alcohol.  I don't go there with my struggles with junk food etc.  I still actively attend.  ..I am very hesitate to go to NA because I know a few people who got in deeper. And I am just the type of person to fall into the trap of meeting the wrong person who provides easy access to drugs.  Right now I am very limited in what I take because it comes from my doctor and he's stingy about it.  ..tl;dr: Do I have to reset my AA badge if I am pushing the envelop of accessible prescription drug use (painkillers)?
----------immediate responses--------

To Thine own self be true. Be honest pray talk with others and I'm sure you'll know the answer
Well my personal opinion is you don't have to tell anyone anything you don't want to tell...However I been down the opiate road. It can start out slowly and even innocently enough. But your post seems to make it absolutely clear that you are aware they are getting a hold on you..The damn things are just like alcohol in the sense that teetotal is the only way to go..You might find you have even less pain without them actually. They tend to stir up the nerve centers in a very unpleasant  way when withdrawing. And by withdrawal I mean when it is simply "time" for your next dose...I actually found this sub when I was reading an opiates sub on reddit so you might find some valuable info over there..Oh and one other thing. It's playing with fire if you find yourself trying to get off opiates you might find staying sober from alcohol is a whole new monster:/ Good Luck!
not a newcomer in the sense you know your inner addict when he's singing in the shower...The people to speak to are a sponsor and your doctor.  This is very seductive and serious some of the worst relapse stories I have heard and I've heart far too many started like yours.
Can you get in with a pain management clinic? (I know the lists are usually looong.) Ideally even non-addicts should be using opiates for break through pain only. Pain management will have a more cohesive list of non-narcotic options. Even other specialists often do not know much more than gabapentin or steriod shots.....As to your real question I do not think there is a right or wrong answer. I do wonder whether everyone would be as absolutely crushed as you think. Dont let baseless fears get in the way of opening up to others. I would think that at the very least your doctor needs to know. I would also put your spouse and your sponsor on that list but that would be me. You might find that in opening up to your AA group there will be others who have been in your position and able to point you towards the right resources...But ultimately I do not think this is purely a yes or no question honestly.
AA is a program to recover from anything. ..Pamphlet 11 may help answer some questions. You can get it at the AA site.
