-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2wwmkb/gave_up_alcohol_for_lent_sort_of_struggling/

I gave up alcohol for lent so I guess I'm on day 5 right now. It's been quite awhile  since I've gone this long but I've been pretty good so far. Went out with my girl and some friends on Friday they all got very drunk but I just drank ginger ale. It felt so good waking up sober and hangover free. The following night the bars on my street were having a Mardi Gras-themed event and having lived in Louisiana in a past life I wanted to check it out. I've never seen that street so packed and it was a great party! I was not even tempted drank ginger ale and stayed out until 1 but no problem...Today I woke up at 5 and went to the gym before work (haven't done that in awhile) and I'm DYING for a drink right now. I know that I won't indulge but why of all times do I want one now?? It's such a terrible feeling...A little background: I've been wrestling with my alcoholism for awhile. It started after a particularly rough breakup back in 2010 and I just sort of kept it going. I've been somewhere between a completely "normal" drinker  and a just-barely-functioning alcoholic ever since but I tend more towards the just-barely-functioning alcoholic side. I'm using this Lent "fast" as a way to keep myself accountable in a way that I was never able to before. I've tried "cutting back" before and even abstaining but I've never taken it as seriously as I'm taking it right now.
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't tell you why you're craving a drink right now but it is good you're not giving in...Lent is a good way to start and anything that stops you drinking is good. Do you have plans for after Lent is over with?
&gt;I've been wrestling with my alcoholism for awhile. ..If you are an alcoholic maybe this current approach is not the best.  I don't know of any recognized professional who would advise an alcoholic to quit for lent have no other plan for dealing with sobriety and continue to go out with people and to places just as if you were drinking anyway...For me at least I had to make some big time serious changes.  Good luck on this journey.  I hope this works out for you.
Early days not drinking are notoriously difficult.  Alcoholism is a biological psychological and as you painfully illustrate with your drinking friends still carousing--a social disorder.  I was never successful stopping any bad habit by continuing to wallow in the habit--I needed to make wholesale changes.  And alcoholism being one of the most intractable and dangerous disorder--I needed help.  I had to get help and that's why I got active in recovery.  With recovery my whole life changed for the better.  I summarize what I did [at a post called the Baby Steps which is at this link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)..Good luck to you.
I hope I'm not assuming too much by guessing that if you observe Lent you're Christian. And generally the teaching is that fasting is only a third of Lent - added prayer and charity are the other two portions. I always find those strengthen me in my sobriety. It also sounds like you've been wrestling with the question of whether you're an alcoholic for a long time. Since many of us see alcoholism as a "spiritual disease" and faith appears to already be a part of your life maybe you should speak to your priest or the equivalent to assess what your path should be during and after Lent. I hope you have a fruitful Lent either way.
Sounds like you're arm-wrestling with alcoholism.
I have no idea why the craves come out of the blue like that..It's a right proper pain in the ass..But they do get less frequent thankfully..Not giving in is the absolute only way to beat the addictive voice back..I am coming to notice which craves are just thoughts and which ones seem to have some meat on their bones..Technically after about 72 hours the actual physical withdrawals should be over but I still get body cravings that feel like they are coming from the body..There was a time when this  deep down literally thirty below wind chill would have spelled BRANDY..So I figure the first year is full of little firsts like that weather birthdays holidays ect..Have you heard the acronym H.A.L.T? Hungry angry lonely tired..Try to avoid those things if possible..And something I am pretty sure Cool Cosby told me when I was about at day four or five was "just baby yourself"...The thought of giving myself a break or really pampering ME seemed foreign. But once I decided to treat myself at least as decently.as I would treat a friend life got easier...And if worse comes to worse CHOCOLATElol..(Says the lady with a new chocolate problem;).
I used lent as a starting point too. Saturday was surprisingly alright even though I was around mates who were drinking. Waking up on Sunday without a hangover was awesome I even made it to the gym on Sunday when normally I'd spend the day recovering from the night before. ..Feels good.
For me I think I can do an okay job at not drinking when other friends are present or at least I have done so in the past.  This Wednesday will be my first time going out with old friends since I've made the pledge to stop drinking so that will be the true test there.  For me though my cravings usually get pretty bad when I am by myself.  I always have to find ways to distress and get my mind off of it which can be pretty hard for me at times.
