-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2x14ow/first_meeting/

Went to my first AA meeting today.  Was soooo nervous about going.  Couldn't figure out how to get into the church it was at almost turned around and drove home.  But I went back figured out where the meeting was and sat down...What an experience.  Not in the "wow i'm magically cured" kind of way.  Just a bunch of drunks like me who shared their experiences.  Randomly picked this meeting and it ended up being a bunch of old dudes at least half with 20+ years of sobriety.  They were unbelievably welcoming almost glad I was there.  One guy made the comment that the new people are the reason there there that by new people coming they stop themselves from becoming a bunch of old men counting there years.  Got a few numbers and plan on attending another one tomorrow.  Idk what role AA plays in my long term sobriety but I'm really glad I went today.  I've basically been dealing with this alone and having a group of similar individuals was just awesome...If anyone reads this and is on the fence about going do it. You can't imagine how good it feels to just sit in a room with a bunch of people struggling with the same demons that you are.  And guess what?  If you hate it (although I doubt you will) you never have to go again...
----------immediate responses--------

 &gt;Couldn't figure out how to get into the church it was at almost turned around and drove home...That happened to me A LOT in early sobriety.  I swear I was mentally challenged when it came to finding the right way into a church for an AA meeting!..This is a great post and I am very happy for you!  One of the best days I ever had was that day I finally felt like I wasn't alone in my disease and I wouldn't have to be anymore. ..Congrats to you and keep it up.
I feel like I'm reading my first post after going to AA for the first time.  The nervousness before going followed by an immense feeling of relief.  It's hard to describe what a relief it is going to the meetings.  I love when people mention me when they're sharing... like "thanks for coming--" "I'm glad you're back--" "I like what you shared today --"... I had no idea that people shared my story.. like when someone says "I woke up pissed at my husband because I was sure we got in a fight the night before but had no idea why.. i had to act pissed the rest of the day.." I'm like OMG I've totally done that!!!  I don't know anyone else in my life that has done that before... and it's such a relief.  If the thought has even crossed your mind to go... just do it... it's an hour of your time.  You can do anything for an hour. Thanks for sharing!
&gt;One guy made the comment that the new people are the reason there there that by new people coming they stop themselves from becoming a bunch of old men counting there years...LOL so funny and so true..Another thing I like abut the meetings is I don't even have to try to act "normal" I can be the twitchy drunk I really feel like inside and no one bats an eye;).
The way into a church basement for an AA meeting is to look for the door with the battered coffee can with the cigarette butts in it next to the door :-)..Thanks for posting.
I have no experience with AA but just wanted to tell how awesome I think it is that you overcame your nervousness and didn't give up even when you had a little trouble trying to get into the church.  You didn't give up!  I'm glad you're glad you went :)
Woot!
I'm so proud of you! Keep going! You'll feel more and more at home the more you go.
I'm so glad you went! I also went for the first time this week. There's something about sharing your struggles with people who understand (like all you you here on this sub) that really helps. I even shared at my first meeting. It was small and everyone made me feel welcome so I was comfortable. I'm looking forward to going again. I'm even getting together with a gal I met there. 
Great post! I think every first AA meeting visit terrifies us as we just don't know What to expect...Glad you found one with a lot of years of wisdom and experience to welcome you to A. A.   .I recommend it to any one trying to get and stay sober. I used to say to newcomers that it was the best therapy I'd ever gotten and it's free!  .Keep coming back
