-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2x2q3w/starting_over/

How does one start over after a relapse?
----------immediate responses--------

Start with the basics and make corrections to avoid lose/lose situations. For me when I relasped I was too specific in my corrections for example I would say "I can't go to place X BC last time I drank" but in reality I should have been thinking "I can't go to drinking establishments BC I will drink or at least not enjoy myself bc I will b thinking of drinking." Another example is "I can't hang out with Jonny BC last time I fell into drinking with him" when I should have thought "I can't go out with people that drink BC I will probably drink with them.".   .As time builds the temptation will lessen and you can adjust what you are realistically comfortable with. After all The drink doesn't disappear for everyone BC we are stopping.   .For me conceptual corrections served me better that trying to avoid Evey single type of pit fall. Best wishes to you going forward my friend. 
INY has great suggestions. I'd add that planning is critical--and that means figuring out what didn't work last time and making changes that address whatever happened that led you to drink again. Build from there. Don't beat yourself that won't help. But be critical in figuring out what didn't work last time. ..You have a story?
Another important point is guilt. Not sure if this applies to you so much but I naturally feel guilty about things. In this case that emotion does nothing to benefit you. If you are feeling any - wipe it away. Take all that energy out of negative feelings and put them into improving for next time.
Why? Are you drinking? Have you stopped? What did you try before? What worked what didn't work?..What are you willing to change? Do you want to not drink?
One day 1. That's the hardest part re-stopping...If I may ask how long did you make it and why did you drink again?..You can do this a mistake does not define you.
