-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2x4aq3/accountability_post_after_first_real_struggle/

I have been doing pretty well up to now no major cravings and generally very positive feelings about not drinking. I have had physical issues that have been bugging me headaches mainly. Last weekend I was desperately searching for something to dull the pain and realized that is how I have dealt with a lot of pain both emotional and physical...Last night I felt my first anxiety and it was scary having to deal with it I just wanted something to make it go away. I have lots of techniques that I generally would use but I just couldn't be bothered and wanted a quick fix in the end I ate a bowl strawberries and watch junk on TV. It made me realize how I like everyone else want quick fix and dealing with real emotions is hard. ..I also wanted to say that I felt that I couldn't relate to posts here which made me think I was in trouble. I read through the 'letter' I wrote to myself reminding me why drinking was not a positive in my life and nothing on the list seemed as bad as I remember..Thankfully I knew my brain was playing tricks with me but just a warning for  all of us who think we have this figured out I at least can say I have not.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing.  It's a good reminder for those of us that sometimes think we have this "beat."...Absolutely nothing wrong with strawberries and junk TV. :)
I was really relieved when my first real struggle came and I prevailed. Up until that time I felt my resolve was untested and I wasn't sure I'd be able to rise to the occasion...It was scary and you wanted to give in but you didn't. That's something to celebrate. And it's more arrows in your quiver...
Kudos for your vigilance and for reminding yourself what happens when you drink by reading the letter. Humility and wisdom evident. 
You may have thought you had it figured out but you prepped yourself like you didn't and that's what mattered.  I have yet to have that first test (not sure how since my life is anything but rosy) and I'm still prepping.  Reading posts like yours helps me know that it's okay to just do whatever is needed to get through. Self-care comes in many forms right? :-) ..
It's awesome how much we learn about ourselves on this path. I had some really similar realizations. I'm glad you posted here for you and me both. 
I have gone through several period where I've struggled to connect to others. When I'm going through that the thing that has helped the most is getting out of my own head and helping someone else. Sometimes I think every solution to my problem is inside me when the reality is the solution is being useful to someone else. Good luck.
Those feelings let me know I'm alive. I'm not numb. It might be painful sometimes but just knowing that I can deal with my emotions and not drink them away is a victory to me. 
I can definitely relate to the feeling of anxiety when faced with emotional pain -- it's scary to deal with that feeling sober. It's also frightening to realize that your first instinct is to dull the pain with whatever's quickest and most convenient. I personally have been dealing with it by sleeping too much and eating a lot of junk food. I don't feel great about doing those things and sometimes I think 'is this really any better than drinking?'..I can relate. But I know that it IS better to not be drinking even if the stuff we're doing because we're not drinking is confusing and it's scary to deal with emotions. Maybe this is a stage that we need to go through--simply not drinking is the most important thing right now and other improvements and realizations will come later. .
