-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2x6xvx/when_the_pain_is_just_too_much/

What do you do?.I think I'm going to relapse I just can't handle it 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you're feeling shitty.  I remember feeling that way and honestly I still have really crappy days.  Life is hard. Recovery is hard especially at the beginning.  ..I play the tape forward personally.  I remind myself that life is still going to be painful and hard and even more so if I drink. I text people and even call people.  Just to chat or to vent or bitch.  I also recently have started doing something nice for someone or the earth when I am feeling down and cranky.  Today I was feeling so shitty for no reason and I went out to smoke a cigarette and someone smiled at me and I was reminded that life is pretty good and that I am lucky to be here today.  So I picked up a bunch of trash near me and threw it away in the trashcan.  It was a little trivial thing but it made me feel good to do a good deed even a tiny one.  ..Hang in there.  We'll be here if you do relapse but - and I know this sounds simple and trite - you don't have to drink over this.  And if you get through it tonight it'll give you such a better chance at getting through this again the next time it happens.  I PROMISE you that if you make it through tonight you won't regret it tomorrow.  
Hi spacehanger. I hope you can fight that urge. One thing I do when I start getting anxious is push-ups. ..A lot of the time (heard this on here) it's not what we're feeling that annoys us but it's that we want to feel differently. Exercise releases endorphins and tends to provide a different feeling usually good and makes dealing with the illness a little easier.
thing is alcohol will find a way  to make the pain greater in a variety of ways most of them quite unpleasant.....You know this.  .. what do I do? - I go to an AA meeting.
What do I do when I feel like that? I pamper the shit out of myself. Pull out all the stops. Anything is fair game but stuff that gets me fucked up and that's a pretty broad range. ..You ever hear that expression "kick the can down the road" - basically putting off a problem for someone to deal with later on. I've been thinking how every drink is just kicking that can down the road. And the drinker is the one who has to eventually settle up. So please pamper away.
Over the past couple days and something I've had some success with in past times of trouble too.. gratitude lists. I write 100 things I'm grateful for be it a person a thing a situation anything really. 100 is enough that I actually have to think about what I'm going to write sometimes and usually by the end of it I feel better. It's silly. It seems really silly I know. It helps me though to think about things that I usually take for granted like how I have a working toilet or my cat or whatever...If that doesn't work I play the distraction game and watch a movie. If that doesn't work I eat something I love. And if THAT doesn't work I just go to bed. 
These are all great suggestions. There is also the IRC chat------&gt; where you can talk to some lovely people. Or you can have a dance party. I do this all the time depending on the level of blackness will determine where I begin with my sound mix. It can range from [reign in blood](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wnn47V09Q2M) to [everybody dance now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12VUjgYMm1U) or there is always [fuck the system](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu_VuxWCYhQ) - that's a good one to shake things up. ..You got the first eight whole days those are the hardest ones. As /u/offtherocks has pointed out before - your last eight days were harder than my last eight months..
It's been a rough day. Hang in there! We can get through day 8 together
