-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2x8ubs/let_me_tell_you_about_the_liver/

I wanted to post last week when someone was worried about their liver health.  Of course this is just my experience and I'm no doctor but I have taken part in clinical trials for liver health so I know how to read blood work numbers. I also was diagnosed with fatty liver years ago but relapsed hard several times and went on month long to year long benders.  My numbers went through the roof but drinking was more important than living. When I quit albeit for a few months or I've had a 18 months sobriety my liver quickly (within a few months) showed signs of recovery. ..Just got new blood test results. My numbers are phenomenal and I've only been sober 9 months. The liver can and will bounce back as soon as you put down the poison.
----------immediate responses--------

I had the same experience where my liver enzymes went back to normal after being told I was causing damage. Also my blood sugar and blood pressure returned to normal. It feels good to have all systems working normally!
My liver bounced back as well. I am very lucky and I know it...For anyone new do not use the luck of some of us as an excuse to delay stopping drinking.Not everyone will recover fully from alcohol caused damage.
Thanks for this that's good to know. I am taking NAC (N-Acetyl Cysteine) at the moment to help it recover - everything I have read seems to be overwhelmingly positive but I don't know anyone else who knows of it/takes it. Do you know anything about this? I made a post too but I think it got lost n the fray. Would be amazing to get some opinions/people's experiences on it. Thanks in advance and HUGE congratulations on 282 days sober that's incredible.
Cirrhosis is not repairable unfortunately.
Livers have phenomenal powers of regeneration; you can actually donate part of your liver to someone in need of a transplant and both yours and the transplanted part will grow back to full size. It usually takes something like cancer or late-stage cirrhosis to do you in. 
Congratulations!!   I am very happy for you...The liver has amazing regenerative powers right up until the day that it doesn't.   Some people drink for decades quit and the liver bounces back.   Some people drink for weeks and die of liver failure...You just never know when you will cross that line.  However I can definitely tell you that dying of liver failure is a horrible brutal thing.  Turn back while you can.   More booze will bring you nothing but agony.
Good for you! Never thought about having a liver check before! Thanks for sharing!
