-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xdgsq/today_is_my_fifth_day_sober/

I have been a heavy drinker for a decade since I was 15. I've forgotten more than I can remember by this point. My life became unmanageable and I only realized this in august when I was arrested for a DUI. Since then I've been on probation and despite my best efforts slipped up a few times. This last weekend was hell I relapsed hard and drank every waking moment from Thurs to sun. When I came to the realization that I had fucked up majorly I told my fianc  to pour my brand new bottle down the drain. The next 72 hours were pretty rough. Shakes uncontrollably vomiting inability to sleep inability to think. By yesterday I felt normal ish again. I have begun attending a meeting a day. I want to feel healthy. I want to live. ..I look forward to tomorrow and tomorrow I will look forward to the day after...I look forward to a sober life...Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 5 days! That's a big accomplishment and asking for the help of your fiance is a good step. A support system is so helpful in the early days of sobriety. ..If you haven't yet grab a counter from the sidebar. Seeing that number creep up is motivating! ..Please keep us posted on your progress. Hold yourself accountable  and try your best to stay positive. It does get better...You CAN do this!
Welcome! Nothing makes me well-up with tears faster than "I want to live." In one of my early posts here I said that I felt like I've never really lived because all those years of drinking over my pain just had me surviving. Well survival isn't good enough. There is so much more and you can make that happen. You *are making* it happen. 
Awesome on five!
Way to go!! You are very lucky that you were able to detox on your own! Keep going. It gets better..Words of advice meditateread self help booksreach out. Yes living and nit just surviving can be wonderful! Remember when you feel low! this to shall pass! Great to hear you got over that jump. Keep going! 
