-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xhd4r/i_keep_relapsing_after_a_week/

I really need to stop drinking. I've had weeks and up to months sober in the past but I'm stuck in the cycle again. When I'm hungover I'll pour all my alcohol away and think I'll be able to make it sober. But after a week I'll get cravings again. I think because it's been a week my tolerance will be down but then I drink 15 cans of beer. It's hard to think of the negative consequences when I just want the buzz. I need to get alcohol out of my head completely. I find even walking down the alcohol aisle or even touching a can of beer increases my chance of relapsing. If I can make it past a week my cravings do dissipate and it gets easier. The challenge is the hurdle of the first week. But I've done it before and I can do it again. Sobriety is something I really want!
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it.  .The cravings for me early on were not pleasant but then I started to focus on them and realize they were no different than feeling hungry.  I believe my body was confusing alcohol for food since it contains calories and started to eat something instead of drinking and the cravings went away.  ..I am not sure of the exact moment but I haven't had a craving or thought of drinking in a long time now.  However I had to fight through those feelings early on to have them go away.  Giving in to them only made them stronger for me.
Do you have a plan in place or are you just winging it?  I wasn't able to string any length of sobriety in place till I sought help. 
I kept [this chart](http://i.imgur.com/9WumIUV.jpg) where I crossed off the hours as they passed.  My only goal for an entire month: make it to the next hour whatever it takes.  ..My experience is that it only gets harder with time.  That is if I was on day 7 and was having a hard time I knew that if I gave in my next day 7 would be just a little bit harder.  I figured that I would quit drinking either voluntarily (of my own accord) or forcefully (by ending up in a hospital or graveyard.)  So why not just do it now today?  The best shot I had was to do it today...You've identified some things that make a relapse more likely.  Use that information.  Sometimes people say "My problem is the weekends; I have no problem not drinking on a Tuesday."  If I were in that situation I would make my Saturday look exactly like a Tuesday. I'd go to work and everything.  Whatever it takes.  ..Be smart about it.  Make a decision and stick to it.  Do whatever you need to do.  None of it is forever.  Good luck!
Hello. You've been arm-wrestling with alcohol and are realizing its power. I couldn't stay sober without help. Going it alone was impossible but with a therapist and AA it was easier and more fun to be sober. If you have insurance an out-patient program is an excellent option too. If you want sobriety don't drink today; I won't either.
oh man the week is soo hard. two weekends for me was almost impossible. sometimes I could get through the week but I almost always would cave by friday or saturday. Just stay strong! Do whatever you have to do to make it past those first few weeks and then it gets easier!
