-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xl5ln/i_need_this_and_i_need_you_guys/

I am a 23 year old female who has struggled with clinical depression and anxiety since childhood. Alcoholism runs on both sides of my family...Whenever I drink I always try to rationalize that: "This time will be different. This time I can drink and I'll be blissfully intoxicated and happy until I pass out. This time I won't make mistakes that I will regret the next morning. This time I will wake up and I won't feel like complete shit (physically and/or emotionally). This time. This time. This time."..I keep fighting to find that moment when alcohol will solve everything. But I'm finally realizing that that moment is never going to come.....You're not supposed to drink when you're taking anti-depressants and anti-anxiety medications. Once I mixed my meds with alcohol and landed myself in the hospital after a botched suicide attempt. Afterwards I traded out taking my meds for alcohol. Because that was the "smart decision". Didn't want something like that to happen again did we? (Heavy Sarcasm) ..My decision to finally quit and get help mostly has to do with my 15 year old brother being placed in rehab (for the 3rd time) for his alcohol and drug problems. He's such a good kid. He's smart and kind...but he hurts and doesn't know how to deal with the pain. He's just like me.....So he's my motivation. I want to show him that it's possible deal with our mental disease without falling back on drinking. ..But I need help staying sober. I need you guys. ..**TL;DR**: 23 yr old female with depression/anxiety. I keep fighting to find that moment when alcohol will solve everything. But I'm finally realizing that that moment is never going to come. I want to stop drinking for my little brother who struggles too. ...
----------immediate responses--------

Hi. I struggle with depression and anxiety too. We can do this. I took the 24 hour pledge and I hope to take it again tomorrow. We can deal with depression and anxiety without alcohol. Many people do. Can you afford counseling? I just started therapy. It's called reality therapy and it focus on the present moment and problem solving in the present moment. We can't fix what we did in the past but we can make the choice to not drink today.
We're here for you princess. We've all been where you are or some place quite like it. Don't drink today. When tomorrow comes do the same thing. Check in here five or six times a day. You can stop drinking and it's awesome!
The ultimate sacrifice . You quiting to help your brother is awesome . It's helping me today thank you . You got this now.  
Welcome! I struggle with depression and have alcoholism on both sides of my family too. I am considerably older than you are and I wish I stopped sooner than I did. SD is awesome. I've been taking the pledge for 63 days now and will join you today by not drinking.
You CAN do it.  My history is similar to yours both family and mental-health wise. I started drinking because I didn't know how to deal with the pain either. You are smart to recognize it's a problem &amp; take steps to deal with it. That's a major realization right there...I don't know about your situation but having a good counselor has been crucial for me to deal with some of the mental health aspects that helped set the stage for alcohol abuse. I think many of us on this sub understand how alcohol can be used to blunt the full effect of overwhelming emotions.  It's really awesome that you are taking the bull by the horns so to speak.  Many have done it you can do it too. You can do it.  Best to you. :) ...
&gt;So he's my motivation. I want to show him that it's possible deal with our mental disease without falling back on drinking...This may seem like semantics but I found that I really needed to get sober and healthy for ME.  I had to be my own motivation.  I had tried in the past to do it for wife kids job etc.  None of it worked.  When I finally did it just for me it actually allowed me to be the husband father employee that I always wanted to be.  ..So by getting sober for me the real beneficiaries ended up being the people I loved the most...Good luck!
I'm sorry I can't offer more advice here. And this may not apply to you...But for me the first time I tried stopping was because of my family and I lasted a year with moderation but then I failed. This time I've realized as much as I love my family I needed to find a reason to stop drinking for me. Not for anyone else for me. I need to be selfish when it comes to my sobriety.
33yr male Bi2/Depression GAD and panic disorder (A lovely combo!). Alcohol was exactly the same for me ever trying to find that drink that stopped it all. But it doesn't exist and only ever makes it worse. 
How are you feeling today? And do you have a therapist that you can discuss your drinking with? Therapy (in addition to not in place of AA) has had a very powerful impact on my sobriety..
You sound like me. 24 year old female here and also clinically depressed. When I started drinking at age 21 I had also quit taking my medication. I thought that I could use alcohol to numb my mind and take away the pain of my depression. Mine is a pretty mild case. I get the "blues" a lot....often lonely wondering what I'm doing with my life and struggles with irritability. I traded my medication for alcohol and took on a whole different persona. Alcohol had a way of allowing me to let loose and not feel the pain for a short time. But the consequences of my drinking were much worse than the depression that caused me to drink. When I finally decided to quit drinking 72 days ago I started taking my medication on a regular basis. I've never felt so normal in the last few years than I do now. I'm happy to be alive I'm cheerful I enjoy the little things. I'm more hopeful for the future. It really is a wonderful feeling. It won't be easy but it will be worth it. I'm pulling for you!
Same age same gender same problems checking in. Welcome and congrats on making the first step.
You are awesome :)
[deleted]
