-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xmyag/i_made_it_to_my_6th_month_random_rambling/

To celebrate turning over 180 days and my 6 star I am going to share some observations and history. First I am /u/CreamfillingWasTaken I found out I am also Creamfilling recently and have resurrected this account. I don't post here often but am on IRC as cream all the time...After a few rough weekends and another bad lipid panel I decided to stop drinking again. This is my second run after a really bad lipid panel a year or so ago. This time I did it more for my own sanity more than for scoring better on a blood test...The first few weeks sucked bad. The heroes of IRC and my own notes got me through it. For the first month or so my only goal was to make it home sober nothing else mattered. Every day I left work focused on driving past the bars and making it home. I ate like crap slept like crap but made it up in the morning to see a new number on /r/stopdrinking. I hugged my laptop like an electronic teddy bear. The days turned into weeks the weeks into months and now I'm at half a year (technically in 2.5 days it will half a year). ..I look back at my notes every few weeks now. I'm a little worried that I'm losing focus but I still read this sub and hang out on IRC basically every day. I try to remind myself to add things to the good pages of my notes. That page gets longer and longer the bad page stays the same. ..Weekends still suck. This post helped me come to terms with that http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2hdajo/weekends/ Every Friday night is still a little struggle. I live alone with few friends in the area. They have been getting better the past two weeks or so. I'm getting better at filling the time. During the weekend days I work on my house and take pride in the progress and accept the mistakes...I've learned a lot along the way. Most people don't care that I don't drink. They will offer a drink and accept a polite refusal. I usually get ice tea or hot tea at restaurants. The statistics on drinking are alarming and reassuring. I thought my work was more of a drinking culture but it actually lines up pretty well with the statistics...I am way better at my job and dealing with people at my job. This was a major cause of stress and is now a minor one. My recent review was really good and I'm setup for promotion in the next half. This is a huge accomplishment when six months ago I was really struggling...It is Sunday night and I accomplished a bit this weekend. Next Friday is going to suck just like this Friday did. I'm fine with that. Every week sucks a little bit less. Thank you for being here /r/stopdrinking and #stopdrinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;  I found out I am also Creamfilling recently and have resurrected this account. ..Ha ha ha that's awesome.  +1 sobriety!..&gt;  am on IRC as cream all the time...Can confirm....Congrats!
&gt; Next Friday is going to suck just like this Friday did. I'm fine with that. Every week sucks a little bit less. ..And someday perhaps it won't suck at all! I'm proud of you for getting through those Friday nights sober week after week month after month. ..Congrats on 6 months!
Congratulations on 6 months and on making progress at work! It feels really good to put your story to your irc name :)
This is awesome. Thanks for sharing it.
