-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xomgm/5_days_sober/

I've been a self-aware blackout drunk for four years. I'm 28. I sobered up last week (after my boyfriend got his 3rd DUI and is possibly facing time in prison) and just found this sub. until last Wednesday blacking out and going to bed were synonymous for me. I'm done. I'm scared. I don't want to die or hurt someone or go to jail. I'm sure I'll struggle lose momentum and need support so thank you for the sub and the support! 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep it up. I'm on day one. Let's go for no resets
Hey congrats on day four!.This sub is a great resource..I also found the Allen Carr linked in the sidebar so much help..Sorry to hear about your BF that's rough..Glad you are catching yourself in time before things inevitably get worse like they always do with the drink:/
Congrats! 17 days ago I was where you are without the boyfriend issue. You can *only* be responsible for you right now. Keep on this sober path and you'll never have to worry about the consequences of your drinking again. .. I lost my baby brother to drunk driving (his fault) so I have very strong feelings on the issue. I bring this up often not for sympathy but as the voice of someone who's been irreparably harmed by drinking and driving. I drank heavily before the accident so I can't blame that for my problem but afterwards booze took on a whole new meaning in my life. If I can prevent that from happening to even one person then his death would mean something... I spent the past 3 years black out drunk most every night. I was so good at hiding it that only my husband knew and even he wasn't aware of the true extent. .. Here are a few things you have to look forward to:..Not waking up and feeling like crap..Not waking up and regretting something you said or did the night before..Feeling empowered because **you** are in control of your life. Booze will try to win you back but each time you deny the urge you get stronger..Seeing your days sober go up and that 1 week 2 week 3 week badge. I can't wait for my 1 month star :) ..Good luck and feel free to PM me if I can help. 
Hey congrats on 5 days! This sub was - and remains - such a lifeline for me I would not have made it past day 3 without it. Just seeing all the awesome people posting their journeys always being there with words of support and encouragement - it did a lot for me. Today I will not drink either - and tomorrow is another day. Good luck to you!
