-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y0jny/relapse_dream/

Hey guys .Just wanted to verbalize this so I am on high guard this weekend. My thesis is due in 18 days for my MFA which signals that I am going to have to start looking for my "big girl" job so I am under an immense amount of stress...Anyway I had a dream that I bought my favorite Pinot Gris and drank the entire thing in my truck by myself. I felt so sad about it in the dream and so disappointed in myself. ..I came to this forum this morning immediately after yoga because I wanted to scroll through y'all's successes and look at my badge and hear that a dream isn't real and isn't some sort of soothsaying phenomenon. ..I choose not to drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are 31 days sober and about to graduate! That's amazing! ..A dream is a dream is a dream. It's just your subconscious working through your insecurities. It isn't uncommon for fears and insecurities to become more pronounced before a big success/life change. But your dreams don't choose whether you drink you do. ..You're doing great. Good luck!
I actually had a dream similar to this.  A few weeks later I had another dream and in that one I actually turned down drinks.  I am just as new as you are to this but remember just take it one day at a time.
I've been having a lot of dreams like this. I'll be relapsing and it's a different situation every time but I always wake up sober and that immediately brightens up my day...I feel like my miserable relapse dreams remind me of exactly why I stopped drinking in the first place.
A sober roommate I lived with years ago said that using dreams are a gift... They remind us of the pain and futility of our drinking days without us having to actually experience them again. After 12 years I still have them occasionally (usually when I'm really stressed or coming up on a milestone). It definitely helps me to talk to other sober people and know that we all have these dreams sometimes!
This [link goes to a post that shares information about drinking dreams from leading dream researchers.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/) Spoiler: it's pretty much all good.
My drinking dreams return with stress.  I believe it's the bodies way of dealing with past behaviour in a safe way.
