-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y1w17/back_and_determined_a_brief_story_of_my_absence/

I've been off in relapse land for a while. At the time of this posting my badge reads 126 days. I look at that number and it says to me "126 days I *should* have". But I don't. I actually have ~5 days sober and a fresh motivation to fix my shit. ..Since I've disappeared from here I've been through a pretty rough few months. I had a 60-100k job lined up with UPS made it to training passed my physical and on the LAST day of training I showed up hungover as all fuck and got fired shamefully...After that I left town went and lived and worked on a pot farm getting wasted every day and night but scraping together a nice little bit of money. Came back to town around Christmas bought myself a car (I'm very careful not to drink and drive because I absolutely refuse to jeopardize my license) and tried to "take it easy" with the drinking. Well you can all probably guess how well that went. ..I started working at a Starbucks which has been good for me. I'm afraid to go into such a fast-paced socially interactive job with any booze in me and it's been giving me good practice at opening up and dealing with other people without the social crutch of alcohol. But I was going out and destroying myself every night and making the mornings really fucking hard for myself...I woke up in the hospital on Valentine's Day morning with no idea what had happened. My skateboard was gone my head was all scraped up and my body ached unbelievably. I figured I must have picked a fight with some frat boys or something. I panicked and snuck out of the hospital hoping somehow I would dodge having to sign anything or pay the bill...A few days later though I found out what had put me there. I was eating lunch in a large high-end food court type place where I used to work when I was approached by the heads of security. They asked me how I was doing. I told them I was great and asked how they were. They replied by telling me they were supposed to call the police if I came back but they were giving me the chance to leave on my own...Suddenly it clicked. I told them I understood and would go quietly and never come back if they would just explain to me what exactly had happened on my way out. They obliged. ..Apparently I was in the bathroom yelling at people punching the walls trying to start fights and generally being a complete fuckhead (I remember none of this). The police were called and when they tried to remove me I started fighting with the cops. I resisted so much that they wound up beating me up a bit probably pinning my head to the ground with a foot or two (explaining the scrapes on my head and my aching body)...Well after I found this out I went to the police station to see if I had any resisting arrest/assault on an officer warrants which I didn't. I am so fucking lucky I didn't. I really almost ruined my fucking life on that one but nobody pressed charges...Anyway the short version is that I have no off switch and I'm tired of this bullshit and I'm back. ..I'm back and I know that I can't "control" my drinking. ..I've been talking lately with a friend of mine who is recovering from a heroin addiction. She is moving back to town soon but wants to go traveling. We're talking about getting some money saved up and hitting the road to explore the country and potentially find a new town/city to settle into but we mostly just want to explore for now. ..We've come to realize that we can hold each other accountable in recovery and enjoy each other's company and spontaneity without living our lives of addiction. ..So I'm excited and I'm hopeful and most importantly I'm back.
----------immediate responses--------

Geezus what a story!  I can't even imagine. So grateful you've gotten another chance when things could have gone horribly worse. Best of luck and welcome back! 
glad you're back but dude... of that whole thing this is what stuck out the most:..&gt;I'm very careful not to drink and drive because I absolutely refuse to jeopardize my license..
I'm so glad you're back. What a story! 
