-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y4w5f/so_i_broke_a_nail_this_am_and_now_i_have_a_test/

I used to bite my nails terribly back in the drinking days.  It was ugly.  Since I found recovery I no longer do that.  This morning on the train I reached for something and broke one of my nails.  My first reactive thought was now I have to bite it down to make it even!  I know better but as they say old habits...So now I have a test for today until I get home to some nail clippers.  It will be a fun test and one I am looking forward to actually.  Clearly not a big deal one way or another right???..So that is my TEST.  Do you know what is NOT a test?  **A test is not going out with my drinking buddies in early sobriety to places where the main focus is alcohol and seeing if I will relapse or not.  That is NOT A TEST.  That is just reckless behavior which proves nothing in the face of alcoholism and has been proven time and again to be dangerous.**..As you go about your weekend activities if you feel the need to give yourself a "test" go ahead and break a nail and see if you can go the day without biting or picking at it.  Just don't test your early sobriety.  Good luck folks!..**PS - yes I am a dude talking about my broken fingernails.  Feel free to joke... I welcome it.**  :)
----------immediate responses--------

I like this post. Some things just need to be said. I kind of wish we had a little "offmychest" SD version ;) But on second thought that could go bad very bad....
Damn Nika. I really appreciate this post. It kinda hit me square in the chest. I've been invited out to a lot of places by old friends now that I'm sober and "better". I've *actually* been considering going. And for what? So I can sit in a bar and watch my friends drink while I'm sipping on a tonic and lime and romancing what I used to be? ..No. Not today. 
Great post...Regardless of your road to sobriety....In the first several months "Sober people sober places" is a golden rule everyone should embrace. All my relapses were "accidental". Accidental that is if going to a bar with people that were drinking accepting a beer rationalizing that one would be fine then drinking it could be considered an accident.
Excellent post Nika.   Nice challenge.  ..BTW I tore a fingernail in the early days of being incarcerated.  It drove me NUTS. Because of the widespread fear of staph or worse among the inmates just find somebody who will lend you a pair of clippers--um not going to happen.  You had to wait it out until the bureaucracy of the prison let you open your commissary account and acquire your own clippers or form a friendship with someone who trusted you enough to allow you to use theirs on a guarantee that you would do your best to disinfect the little bastards with prison soap.  
I'll see you your nail and raise you my anniversary - not of our wedding but of our first date - something my wife insists on paying much homage to.  Today...I still love her greatly (gratitude) and share her happiness at our union but as a guy have some difficulty understanding the vast importance of this date and finding appropriate things to say and do.  I feel pressured to some extent and am afraid of not meeting her unspoken expectations. ..We are in the midst of a voluntary exile from winter in an amazing place she has picked a hike she wants to do and it is a fun one  we will then go out to dinner and yes they serve liquor in the restaurant but that is not the test.  Not at this stage...The test is maintaining my sense of humor and putting her first today... .. 
I feel your fingernail pain. I don't use a pick to play my guitar and it drives me crazy when a nail splits and it happens when i'm not home and the urge to bite it off is there but I know it will only make it worse.  My test though is to budget my money for my next two weeks off work while also taking care of my bills BEFORE they're due.  Sure it might mean I don't have a lot of money for my staycation but I will be doing what I need to do instead of what I WANT to do.
I guess I never thought of any trial as a test to prove my sobriety because my sobriety doesn't involve my doing anything. I literally have nothing to prove and if I did I would certainly fail eventually. Some people reading this will understand what I mean. Others will think I'm talking lame gibberish. That's just the way it is I guess. 
I remember on day 3 I went to my friends place where everyone was drinking as I normally would and decided to test myself. I drank tea the whole time and it was horrible. I came here posting about how awesome I was to go and not drink and I was met with replies about how careless that was and how I shouldn't test myself like that. I was bummed that I didn't get the replies of congratulations I was expecting. ..I'm so grateful now that I had you guys to let me know what I was doing was stupid because it was. It totally was. I probably would have continued putting myself in those positions otherwise and I probably wouldn't be here right now with 137 days beside my name. So yeah thanks! And thanks especially to /u/Nika65. I'm pretty certain you commented on that thread and shook some common sense into me that day.  
Lol Nika this is good. You know I have been forthcoming with my friends about my sobriety and they're reaching out to me SO THEY DONT HAVE TO GO OUT DRINKING on a weekend night!!! Lol!!..Really though the nails thing is tough. My nails stared to grow longer at the beginning of my sobriety because I wasn't picking at them because a weight had been lifted but I'm picking at them again. I haven't been going to enough meetings. Thanks for the teminder. It really is a fucking test not to pick. Ugh 
I still stay away from the bars it's not my kind of environment anymore anyway. I can go to functions where there is drinking as long as it's up to me when I leave. Most of my family and friends don't over-indulge around me (though I didn't ask for that) and that has made it easier. I live in a world where alcohol is everywhere and it seems I'm the only one in recovery most days. Though I don't mind seeing someone's bottle at their house I have no business in a bar so I don't go in. It's just one of the things I basically gave up and I don't miss it (especially the bill)
Hey man I can hook you up with one of those little swiss army knives to carry in your pocket. The nail file on it has been a lifesaver for those times I break a nail midday =)
Hi Nika65..I have a question for you and others with a large number of sober days under your belt...I am honestly curious how do you correlate your advice.... ."A test is not going out with my drinking buddies in early sobriety to places where the main focus is alcohol and seeing if I will relapse or not. That is NOT A TEST. That is just reckless behavior which proves nothing in the face of alcoholism and has been proven time and again to be dangerous.".....with Allen Carr's rule #10:.."Do not alter your life in any other way purely because you've quit drinking. Some 'experts' advise you to avoid pubs restaurants the company of friends and other situations in which you may be tempted. No wonder drinkers find it so difficult to quit using these tactics. The best policy is to go to a pub or a party immediately: to prove to yourself that you don't have to wait in order to enjoy yourself without drinking"..Do you just agree to disagree with this rule...or maybe it just applies to a subset of us?  I would really appreciate your insight on this seeming contradiction...Thanks!
I think I get what you're saying. Next week I have to travel to a conference at which there will be drinking during networking events. I'm not looking at hanging out with drinkers as a test because the last time I went to this conference I got so drunk and felt so awful that I will do anything not to repeat that. And a lot of these people are my friends who I believe will support my decision and even keep me accountable. This is what I think the test is: To handle my social anxiety with healthier tools than drinking so I don't just white-knuckle my way through the conference (I have to give a presentation too). So I'll mentally check my toolbox this weekend and make sure I have a plan. Couldn't really articulate that until I read your post. Thank you.
You could get a nail file and carry it. Or ask to borrow one from a coworker?.I would probably bite that mail off for you if I could get to itlol..Now that I am sober I see just how incredibly OCD I am..Total perfectionist..This works out well in my line of work (artist) because I will truly go overboard with attention to detail..But it daily normal life it is a little bit ridiculous...I have not tested myself by going to any places that have booze. But there is beer in my house and I notice I have just gotten used to it being there and I feel pretty neutral about it. I do however credit that mostly to the fact that it is NOT vodka...
Great post!  I had to buy nail clippers about a month ago because of a very similar incident.  It's ridiculous how I protected my finger and this hang nail and sought out a solution that would leave my finger throbbing.  But I wasn't always as quick to put as much effort into my sobriety.  But you better believe I wasn't foolish enough to go out purposely inventing "tests" for myself just like I would purposely go and split my finger nail.  
Dude.  I have a tiny chip in the middle of my nail too and it keeps snagging on my sweater. If I make it through until I get home to a file and clipper it will be a miracle.
I just learned how to drive so I was thinking going for a spin without my seat belt might be a good way to test my skillz.
Good post. Someone close to me recently suggested "testing" my ability to resist by allowing them to drink around me at my house even though it makes me uncomfortable. Yeah no. I have every intention of strengthening my sobriety to the point where I will be unfazed by crowds doing keg stands in circles around me but I'm not ready yet. It doesn't need to be "tested" because the stakes are too high. (Testing me was just a callous justification for the drunkenness of the person in question but I digress.)
You're such an inspiration. Thanks for this post!
