-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y6zw6/the_most_important_thing/

...is not to have that first drink...Reading the many relapse/badge reset posts this week along with having my very first drinking dream the other night has made me perk my ears and focus on this core bit of advice:  just don't take that first drink...I will not drink tonight no matter what happens good or bad.  I made the pledge with my SD friends this morning and I'm making it again as the work week draws to a close under an unseasonably sunny blue sky.  ..My kiddos won't be with me this weekend; that used to signal consuming a lot of alcohol and chasing escapism.  Now I'm at the beginning of my third month of alcohol-free weekends but only 12 days away from the last time I chased escape using a substance. ..Looking at the circle with a "1" in it is an important reminder for me.  I won't wind up anywhere different if I take the same short-cuts around intense feelings as I did over and over again in the past...Today I'm making a decision to stay sober instead of feeding myself rationalizations and lies that lead to that old familiar place ruled by hopelessness and shame...I've tested the waters enough times to know which way the wind is blowing to better days.  Like right now sane sober even if a little lonely.  But I don't feel alone in expressing myself because I read what you all write every day and I know you know what I mean...And that means a hell of a lot to me.  Thanks SD friends.  ..Sober life is where the living really happens!
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink tonight either.
Here's what I think I know... If I had that first drink it would open up a wide gaping insatiable thirst that would demand complete and utter obedience. It would be quick and complete. ..And that PP is why you're so right. I cannot - will not - have that first drink. Have a great weekend. My boy's in a tournament and that means a minimum of four hockey games!
Beautiful post and reflection my friend. What do you plan to do with your beautiful and sober weekend?
Your courage and strength shines through this evening my friend just as the sun shone on your sunny day. You impress the hell out of me. Just sayin. :-)
I'm saving this post to read again whenever I need it. Thank you. Won't be drinking today too :)
I like this post very much :) .&gt;I've tested the waters enough times to know which way the wind is blowing to better days.really resonates with me. I'm learning my lessons!
