-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y6z64/shit_this_is_hard/

So at the moment I am undergoing the hardest assault on my sobriety to date. I don't really post a lot here but I'm struggling today. ..At the moment I am on my cousins stag weekend. We are skiing in France. As you can imagine there is a lot of drinking going on. I spent the last 5 hours in a bar watching this lot get hammered and seeing my self become more and more alienated ( at least that's how it felt). I've not drunk though so that's a win for me but I don't know these guys too well and so I really feel out of place. ..I'm not sure where I'm going with this. I just need to put this in perspective I think. Thanks for reading...Edit: thanks so much all. Your comments really helped. Its 7am here now and I didn't drink. I feel great and they don't :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there! Youll make it and you will be proud of yourself that you did.
What if you and the boys compare notes in the morning... See who's comfortable then? Oh and stags aren't necessarily that great even at the best of times are they? Congrats on 200+ days!
That feeling of alienation sucks.  I can only imagine how much sharper it's got to feel in the environment you're in.  ..Can you take a walk/ get a break from your friends from time to time?  Any early-to-bed nights possible?  Escape strategies have helped me a couple of times.  So has thinking it through to what it would look like if I drank...I hope you get some wonderful exhilarating time on the slopes to help you burn off the feeling you're having right now!
Oh yeh that is a bitch. I was in similar situation a week ago drinking ginger ale while a half-dozen guys pounded down beer after beer.  I didn't drink though and now you don't drink and the rough moments will pass.  I agree w Morpheus there; when you compare notes in the morning you will be the happiest!
Once the drinking starts in earnest make you self disappear.  No goodbyes just disappear.  They will not notice. That is always what I do and no one ever notices but that could just be cause it is me. 
I just fuckin go play music mang. Or learn something. I &lt;3 RTFM. No one will notice dude.
I don't think I could do it. Try to get out of there if you can.
Thank you for sharing and coming on this board. Its good for the community we need to hear real stories of the struggles and its good that you're reaching out that means not all is lost...Can you turn their drinking into something fun for yourself? Draw on their faces with perm marker put signs on their back be a bad wingman make them take horrible shots? If not then can you slip away and go get a massage?
Nothing worthwhile is easy. It is always best to avoid these situations but often we "have" to go to them for family or career reasons...Best to just kind of escape quietly when the real stupidity begins. ..Or take sick pleasure in knowing what is going to happen over time to the people who continue down the path...
Great idea to just stay out of the bar as much as possible. Ski eat do other fun things with them. When they hit the bar say goodnight. You don't need that shit...Good luck and be well.
