-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2y9dj7/stopped_drinking_2_weeks_ago_struggling_somewhat/

So after having a week off work and drinking to excess every single night by myself I realised that perhaps it was time to give alcohol a break for a month. At the same time I have stopped smoking weed (daily smoker before) and I'm really struggling. .The weekends before consisted of getting high and drinking quite a few beers whilst watching tv. I felt relaxed and forgot about the stresses of work. Now I am finding it really hard to relax. I want to drink and smoke pretty badly not sure what to do with myself. Although I realise the health benefits of stopping drinking it doesn't really seem to help. I have also noticed that my depression seems to have got worse I have been far more inclined to stay inside or go to sleep. ..If anyone can give me any advice/support it would be greatly appreciated...
----------immediate responses--------

Can you leave the house and get a change of scenery? I also did a lot of drinking and watching TV/movies on the weekend and it really helped me to change up my routine in the beginning. Can you go out for a walk a drive see a friend work out? (Exercise felt like the last thing I wanted to do but it really helped relieve the built-up stress.) There's also the IRC chat if you feeling like talking. You can do this! The first two weeks were the roughest for me. 
I can feel the rawness in your post.  Can you call a friend you trust and ask them to hangout or go to the movies or for a walk or to the park?  Distraction is what helped me through the first several days/weeks/months.. Ok whom am I kidding? It helped me through seconds/minutes/hours LOL!..I slept a lot and wallowed in self pity anger resentment really fucking pissedoffness self loathing hate jealousy.. you name it I felt it.  At first I tried to stop it hide from it run from it but as the days and weeks ticked by I let myself feel it and just be with the emotion whatever it was. I slowly realized that it would just go away.  I still have trouble with shame but I am learning...Anyway rambling.. Try and reach out to someone you can talk to and be honest about needing the help and distraction...Check back in and let us know how you are doing.
You never came back.. how are you doing?
