-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ybejh/im_finding_it_very_hard_to_go_out_and_be_social/

Long story short Ive never been able to just have one drink.. one turns to two two turns to twenty. It's an affliction I'm sure a lot of you can understand. After struggling with heavy drinking for 13 years or so (I'm 29 now) I just can't drink anymore. I get hangovers that seem to last a week - I've had too many visits to the hospitals and ultrasounds to know that what I'm doing is killing me and I've made a decision to quit. For good. It's hard because I love drinking but I know I have to. ..I've tried to go to bars and socialize with people but I find it very hard drinking soda water or diet soda and not only being surrounded by drunk people but people who give you the gears for not drinking. I usually stay in now on Fri/Sat nights but it seems I've lost almost all of my friends because I quit drinking. I was always the fun party animal that was my identity. Now that Ive stopped my friends dropped off the wayside and now I find myself just staying in on weekends watching movies. Any recommendations? Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Hello! Congrats on making a wonderful decision. Have you tried asking a friend to do something with you that doesn't involve booze? I think sometimes we alcoholics assume everyone needs to drink like we did. It's not true! You may have to reach out to people and ask instead of assuming they'll come to you. Going to bars without drinking may not ever be fun again and for good reason. There's plenty of other fun things to do on the weekend though. Good luck and good work!
I can't go out to a bar and have that be the whole night. Spending your whole evening at a bar means you're there to drink that's what a bar is. I can still go to restaurants and watch my friends have a couple of drinks with dinner but just to go to a bar and drink soda while other people drink not so much. It's just really boring...If you are like me sobriety will take some getting used to. I still don't have plans every weekend...but I will tell you I have been more ambitious in meeting new people and trying new things. I drove about an hour and a half last weekend to play in a card tournament. Actually enjoyed the ride the mountains on the way there just getting out of the house it was nice.  The last couple years of my drinking I became more and more of a shut-in. Bars and the occasional party where I knew drinking was the main focus were really all I did socially...And as for your friendships kind of sliding certain directions I would  not take that personal. That has happened with a few of my friends but it's not because we don't like each other. They just drink...a lot. And I don't do that anymore so it's just natural...Ok long-winded comment. Hope you stick with the sobriety. I have been enjoying it. Be well :)
I was in the same boat as you when I first stopped drinking. I felt as if a huge portion of my identity would be missing if I couldn't go to a bar and drink as I normally did. The hard part was realizing that it was partially true- since going out on the weekends and drinking was a huge part of my life for so long it had almost become my identity. Ultimately I realized it was not the identity that I wanted. The hardest part of sobriety for me has been to discover my true self apart from the drinking. Alcohol stunts your true growth. It was hard for awhile because I wanted to go out with friends and I wanted that socialization that idea in my head that a night out drinking was the best thing ever. 92 days sober and I can think of many things that are more fun than a night out drinking. It actually seems quite insignificant which is a blessing in itself. My advice would be to just stick with what you're doing. It'll be hard. It'll get lonely but just stick with it. Ask your friends to go do something fun that doesn't require booze. You might be bored at first but eventually you'll find something you like doing. Pick up Allen Carr's "Easyway to control alcohol". That book really helped me rework the broken perspective that I had that alcohol is the only way to socialize/have fun. Good luck!
Being able to go out to bars AND feel comfortable AND not drink was a whole process for me. ..I remember the first challenge was about Day 3 when I went out with a friend and a group for his birthday. Luckily we started out at his apartment where I told him I wasn't drinking that night. Once we integrated into the bigger group it was nice to have someone understand and kind of be an ally for me -- "Oh no he's not drinking tonight!"...After that I found myself staying in more weekends. If people were making plans I would take stock of myself and see how I was feeling and how my energy was. If I felt at all tired or out of balance I would stay home. If I felt energized and excited I'd go out! Realizing how much energy I had to put towards not drinking in each moment was super helpful...I also started to take advantage of the times we WEREN'T at bars. A general night's progression is to start in someone's apartment to "pregame" then go out to a park with a bigger group then go to a bar/dance club. I turned the pregame into a place to practice my new sober social skills and really became intentional about how I interacted with others when we had the chance to actually talk and listen to one another...I didn't like the options of ditching my drinking friends or never going out to a bar again so this is how I managed that challenge. **Find an ally to help you explain yourself be mindful of how you feel the night you want to go out and take advantage of the quiet/not-yet-drunk atmosphere at a pregame.**
Go to a meeting? Plenty of people there young and looking for amusement...
I didn't go out where people were drinking until I had nearly a year sober. I lost all my old friends ended up making new friends who were stoked on me being sober as well as reconnected with a few old friends who were also stoked on me being sober and were willing to do sports go hiking go to brunch and shit...So yeah I pretty much ended up changing my whole life because like you my whole identity centered around being a party animal. Here was my experience with friends: my good friends didn't give me shit about getting sober. They enjoyed me that way. Everyone who gave me shit wasn't a real friend. That simple. Turned out to be 100% true for me. Anyway. ..It's never the same. I choose to sacrifice being a party animal so that I can live a long and meaningful life.
