-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ydiu2/sometimes_i_miss_drinking/

...but then I think about my badge and how I could never lie and not reset it if I relapsed. I don't want to reset it. So I don't drink. Sometimes my badge is the only thing keeping me from not drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

It's amazing how powerful a tool that badge can be
I see what you did there! I feel like resetting my badge means resetting my life. I am so fucking tired of resetting my life. NOT WORTH IT ANYMORE.
The badge is a visual reminder of all that we've been through and all that we have yet to go through good or bad...One of the tools that prevent me from drinking is this badge. "Is it worth it to reset it?" I think to myself. The answer is always "No I don't think it is.".
I'm still new to this but I feel ya. I kept the receipt from my last trip to the liquor store by my keys as a reminder that it isn't worth going back. I know that may sound a bit fucked but its been helping to keep me in check.
I had this very conversation with my wife this past Friday and Saturday night. Was wanting booze like no other. Beautiful weather chilling with our dog and music. Recipe for disaster...Told her I didn't want to reset my Reddit badge. She smiled and said whatever works what can I do to help? :)..Popped an Antabuse (from years ago...still have them) just for good measure. No reset = win. 
I had a dream just last night that I had one glass of wine and I woke up feeling absolutely devastated about having to reset my badge. 
I miss drinking too. There are a lot of triggers I wasn't expecting. Last year at this time just as we started seeing mild pleasant weather I'd open the windows air out the house do some gardening plan a meal enjoy the sun...of course all while drinking. I remember being relaxed and goofy the entire day. I keep telling myself that right now in this moment I'm creating next years triggers. Maybe by then they won't include alcohol.
