-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2ydxg1/the_fine_line_between_humility_and_shame/

Posting this so I don't take up 20 minutes at my next meeting you are a saint if you make it to the end and still feel like giving me any of your time. ..**Tl;dr: Handled job application stress poorly didn't drink but reached outside myself to cope; feel shame from different areas of my life as I try to keep climbing. I know the answer for me is to lift weights to stay sober but can't maintain a habit of going.** ..I've been in job application limbo. I have a job but its not quite in the industry I want (advertising). Nearly two weeks ago (end of Feb) I had a job interview and was so ready to crush it. Four people over an hour and a half and I think I did generally pretty well. But one person's aggressive line of questioning that I thought I was ready for and froze up on was the only thing that stuck in my mind. I handled the stress poorly not drinking but using legal stimulants to push myself to work harder; to put out more applications go harder at my current job put up a personal website and portfolio. And then came the crash following the rush and depressants to mellow myself out. A crazy manic/depressive week full of ups and downs all leading up to (this past) Friday the day I was supposed to hear when I got nothing. No call no email and I will have to call in tomorrow and ask. In short I don't know yes or no if I got the job. ..So last week I missed my meeting. I was too tired too worn out to sit and speak. And I missed that opportunity to feel humility; because of the shame I felt for how I was dealing with my situation. The same type of humility I hope to feel as I post in the presence of those on this board who have shown greater strength than I have in the face of their identical addiction. Although we are not face to face and the feeling is not as strong it is the same (PS - if you haven't gone to a meeting and are going all digital go in person.)..The second shame comes in when I find myself groveling to the same people at a company I'm applying at whom I excelled past in college classes. When the room was silent and they were reserved but I spoke up in group projects they performed well but were never leaders. And then I think these thoughts and I hate myself for being the one to think I'm better than them that somehow I am the worlds unluckiest man smarter and better than all the rest who have not experienced or overcame any struggle. Who am I to judge these people as someone who grew up in a good and wealthy family? What problems have they dealt with or overcame while I sit here reflecting on my inability to deal with my own substance use?..The third shame is the one I felt as I finally dragged myself to the gym this afternoon. Lifting weights centered my life; as I organized my life around the gym so followed my sleep cycle diet and social choices. So afraid I was to jeopardize my feeling in the gym that I would deny myself alcohol. That was at my peak in 2012 before things got bad in 2013 when I stopped lifting and stayed bad until the end of 2014 when I went to rehab. And here I find myself three years later reminding myself that the weight room is the thing that will keep me sober. So many posts I see on here are people asking for help when I have the answer within me and I deny myself the opportunity to go. "I'm too tired; its snowing and below freezing out; there are too many people; you will be lifting teeny tiny weight; you look fat; you look thin; you will never get back to where you were." I hold that shame within me as I post about my problems pretending that someone can give me a solution other than to be a big boy slap on my big boy shorts and go to the gym. ..As I was giving myself motivational talk at the lat pulldown I locked eyes with someone else a few years younger than me about the same size I once was lifting the same weight I once was. And in his eyes I saw something. Something that said "Look at that guy that's how I used to be. Look at what I've achieved." And as I looked back I gave a glance that could not have possibly conveyed all that I was feeling in that moment. The feeling of shame that screamed out ."I have been where you are do not stop exercising DO NOT DRINK do not go down the same path I did. GOD FORBID you lose your progress and sit in a bed drinking poison letting your muscles atrophy."..So my 188 days may have been 188 times or more that I said no to alcohol. Its a big number that would have scared me 188 days ago that as I am congratulated of I feel humility for. But the shame I carry is the 188 times I said "no" to going to the gym or the 188 times I said "yes" to a shortcut that wasn't alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

You have a lot of great things going for you and you are doing a lot of positive things.Try to let go of some of the guilt you can't change the past. Work on today...Also you mention stimulants. Legal or not I think avoiding them may help you.They definitely heavily contribute to manic episodes and anxiety particularly when combined with stress and lack of sleep.Which they cause. Take care of yourself and keep up the not drinking!
:) Hope your workout went well today. 
You now know what you have to do the alcohol is gone for now but what about the rest.  Self medication is not the answer time to go to your doctor for a talk.  ..Action is your answer but you already know that!
Hi there. I read your post all the way and am sorry that you are having a rough week(s). One thing I don't get though is where the sense of urgency and strong emotions are coming from. Applying for jobs is a stressful thing and not getting a call back or not getting an offer definitely can mess with one's head. I go through all the "what ifs" before and after job interviews for sure. Still... you have a job right now so why do I get the sense that your back is against the wall? Do you feel like you need to get THIS job or things will crumble? ..I don't know what kind of legal stimulants you were using but right up until I got sober I had a terrible ADD med problem (got them legally through my doctor) in addition to my alcohol abuse. I only bring this up to say that when I used stimulants heavily my thoughts and emotions were seriously all over the place. If this doesn't apply to you then just ignore...It just seems like you have some strong emotions right now. I am missing if they are coming up for a reason that you can think of or if it's just one of those things that randomly happens. Any thoughts on that? My apologies if I'm getting the vibe of your post wrong... I just can't tell. In any case thank you for sharing and I hope this new week is a little bit better. You are still sober and that is an awesome thing to be. :).
Fuck shame it wants to get you to drink then convince you a toilet plunger is a sex toy.   Don't buy in to it...Second take the long view.  There are jobs coming up that may be better than this one my career stalled for years at one point and in truth it was giving me time to get ready for what was next. We are powerless in many arenas...Third never compare externals and fuck shame.
&gt;And in his eyes I saw something. Something that said "Look at that guy that's how I used to be. Look at what I've achieved." ..This is called "projecting".  You have no clue what was in this guy's mind and you are nuts to think that you do.  Even if you were right what other people think of you is none of your business...Just focus yourself the rest of life will fall into place.  And quit using stimulants you aren't really sober if you are relying on a substance to get through life.
