-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yhnmh/so_my_wife_kicked_me_out_and_i_got_a_dui_all_in/

I've been trying to stop.  I've been going to AA.  I resigned from my job at the beginning of the year b/c of it.  So I've finally hit rock bottom.  I've been struggling with bad depression for a while now (I finally got meds prescribed the day she kicked me out).  I'm scared and don't know what to do.  I've never had any major life problems before now.  This is not who I was supposed to be...I just hope I can make it through this.  I had intended on killing myself the night of the DUI.  But I got pulled over before I could get to where I was going...If anyone out there who's been through anything similar could share any kind of encouragement I would really appreciate it.  My wife said we could talk about me coming home after I enter a 30-day outpatient rehab.  So I'm just hoping I can turn this around...But it doesn't feel like it.  I feel like a loser and a terrible person.
----------immediate responses--------

Time to take action.  Never got the DUI but I was kicked out of everywhere I could possibly stay.  I went to AA and found out what others did and eventually made it into treatment.  I stayed the course even if I did hate it but it was a last gasp effort and eventually I made it to the other side.  I had shown I was committed to sobriety and got to sleep in my old bed again.  From there I have become the person I always wanted to be when I was daydreaming at a bar.  You can do this especially if I can. Time and effort is all it takes.  Best of luck.
Sounds like that DUI saved your life and potentially someone else's that wasn't ready to leave it all behind. It is possible to come back from this. Read the stories. Click on the Saturday Shares link. It *feels* hopeless but it's not. Don't let the thought of "never drinking again" intimidate you. Make it through this day. Make it through this hour this minute if you have to. You may have to say "not now" many times but very time you say it it makes you stronger. It sounds like you have a lot to hold onto actually. *Right now* is your chance. Give it to yourself. 
Sounds like you should do that 30 day plan. Do it to prove you still care. It will mean a lot to her and it will clear your head (and body)
Saving your marriage would be a great thing but I think you need to focus on your sobriety above all else right now if you ask me. You can't be the husband or father you want to be until you get your head on straight. Your feelings are probably going to be all over the place for a while and I'm not saying don't pay attention to them but they might not be a good way to make decisions for a while right? I can't speak for you but I know that my emotions are often way up and down and I can't trust them to guide me to where I truly need to go. I think making an immediate concrete specific plan for sobriety is the way to go from here. I sincerely wish you the best of luck and know that you can turn this around.
Sounds like the DUI might have been a blessing. Glad you're still here! Staying sober is not easy but it is worth it!
You may feel like a loser now and it may be for good reasons but that doesn't mean that you ARE a loser. You played with fire and you got burnt. Now you have to wash off the soot buy some new clothes and quit playing with fire. ..I don't have a wife or kids but I do have a dad like 100% of the people on earth. I can tell you that a dad that has hit bottom and is posting on the internet looking for help is better than no dad. Way better. ...You're like a captain of a boat with a hole. You would be correct in assuming that boats with holes will eventually sink so you may consider blowing the boat up with explosives to get it over with. What you should be doing is yelling to shore asking if anyone knows how to fix a motherfucking boat with a motherfucking hole.  ...You can get through this man!..
Try not to beat yourself up too much. The dui sucks I've had one before. But that was what I needed to BEGIN to realize I had not only a massive problem but also the disease of alcoholism. We have a sickness that wants to see us dead. But there is a way out my friend. Rehab isn't a bad idea at all and AA is a great idea to stick with. Try and get a sponsor asap I know that has helped me. 
"This is not who I was supposed to be."..Hey there's still time to change. Your wife said you can talk about coming home - that strikes me as very encouraging news. Take steps to better yourself and then maybe she'll notice that and all will be well. Or maybe it won't be but you'll still feel better for having tried and maybe something else awesome will happen in your life as a result of that...Focus on what you can do from this day on to make the situation better and then go from there. I'm not saying you're off the hook for the past but don't let it weigh you down so much that nothing positive you do feels positive...That would be my two cents. It could all be completely wrong but that's how I'd look at the situation.
I didn't hit rock bottom until I got my second DUI and my girlfriend broke up with me and even then I didn't *really* hit rock bottom until several months after I stopped drinking when I was in work release following my guilty plea. Really we hit rock bottom when we stop digging. You don't have to drink again.
Is doing inpatient rehab an option for you?
It took a while for my wife to even begin to trust me after my last huge fuck up-rightly so. Worth spending the time working on it. Good luck to you!
Your bottom's wherever you stop digging. You can go deeper or put down the shovel now. It's up to you...My story's very similar. 2 DUIs &amp; the wife asked me to leave our home. I went through several rehabs &amp; detoxes before finally moving into a men's recovery home for ten months after which time I came home and we tried to make a life together again. For three years we worked on ourselves and our relationship but we finally realized we were different people without me drinking and parted amicably...I'm eight years sober today and I like myself better today than I did yesterday - and this has been true for me every single day since I moved into the Men's Home...One thing I can tell you: there are no bad reasons to *get* sober but for me there was only one way to *stay* sober: I had to decide I like being sober more than I liked being drunk. And THAT meant intensive work in a program of recovery with guidance (the 12 Steps with a sponsor)...I was laser-focused on moving home for the first few months and I worked hard but probably missed a lot too. Back then I couldn't fathom not being with my wife - she was my whole reason for existing (and for getting sober). If I could offer you one piece of advice it would be to concentrate on where your feet are and worry about what's in front of you. Don't drink and the rest will sort itself out...God bless and keep coming back.
I got a DUI back in August. Blew a .32 after I backed into a car. Since then I've struggled with staying sober. I was good for a few months and then I back slid multiple times....And I've been sober again for over a week. I'm attending meetings I'm in court ordered rehab I take piss tests every 10 days or so. I've lost a lot of freedom. It's hard. Sometimes I just want to quit and spiral back into drinking silence my clinical depression with more booze....But that's never worked. Drinking has been the root of all conflict in my life. I'm 25 years old and I barely remember the last 7 of them. Through drinking I've lost so much freedom. Only in getting sober have I realized that. Maybe things suck right now. Maybe I work simply to afford the court fees rehab etc. But you know what?...It is SO much better than the alternative. For the first time in a long time I can think on my own take responsibilities for my actions and live a LIFE. Not simply exist....This too will pass. Things get better. ...If you need to talk about the DUI with someone who's going through the same thing right now feel free to PM me....Keep your chin up and keep sober. 
