-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yly94/this_is_the_longest_ive_been_sober_without_adult/

It feels strange.  I'm not super enthusiastic about it I'm proud for sure but I don't know how happy I should be.  I don't want to get too proud because it could lead to relapse but being sad (which unfortunately happened today I guess that's just early sobriety) could lead to relapse as well....It's interesting to see my reactions to emotions and situations change.  Before I quit I told myself to "keep it together until you get home" so I could slam the hard stuff and not be among the living anymore or at least the present.  Now I see how many options I have in terms of dealing with emotions: I have AA a friend who knows my situation a psychologist and you guys!  ...I like this community because it's kinda like a 24/7/365 AA meeting I can just pop in on my phone where-ever I am read and more often than not whatever urge or mood I'm feeling becomes less intense.  So some thanks is in order for all 25000 of you for just hanging around and talking :)...So who knows how tonight will go after the gym I might go to a meeting maybe I'll call my friend and we'll watch a movie or I might just order a pizza and get Hotline Miami 2...Because I like hurting other people :P...Regardless of what happens I know it won't be done with a drink in my hand....Be seeing you
----------immediate responses--------

Good job.  2 Weeks is great man!  I am still very new but remember **One Day at a time**
I think you'll find as you get more and more sober time under your belt you'll start to get easier on yourself. ..I absolutely felt the same way. "Jeez Ted. Sober 3 weeks? Big fucking deal. Congrats on not being a COMPLETE fuckup just a partial one. Such and such just got a big promotion at XYZ corporation. Let me know when you accomplish THAT."..That was the internal monologue I would have so often. Eventually the voice just kept getting quieter. I still beat myself up occasionally but it's gotten a lot easier to let those negative thoughts go...Keep doing what you're doing man. It gets better :)
it's ok to feel good about making 2 weeks in my opinion: good job!
Hey I just made 2 weeks too! Way to go! 
Thanks for the encouragement everyone!  It's nice to know that there's so many people on my side :)
Woo hoo! Good job man!
