-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yrw75/im_the_guy_known_for_crashing_vehicles/

So I found this Reddit on November of 2014 reason was I had just crashed my truck into a tree.  Some of you might have  remember that post.. Well I drove drunk and didn't remember almost anything from the accident. The next day a friend  came over to the house while I was still sleeping saw the imense damage on my truck and ran inside to see what the hell had just happened.  Anyway to get to the point I blacked out luckily I did not get a DUI and I remember the tree part.  So I went through the whole guilt stage after many years of alcohol damaging my life I decided that this had to be the moment I stop.  There had to be no more to prove than this moment to finally make me want to "change".  Well I did  I was dating a girl at the time that I began to grow strong feelings for she encouraged me to do better but at the same time  she had just turn 21 and was in the party stage of her life.  We somewhat liked each other  so she could not understand how I could not "Control" myself when I drank.  Anyway she lost a lot of interest in me because of the incident.  I was out to prove something to her and to everyone and "supposedly myself" that I could make this moment change me and finally do it.  Well I lasted about 40 something days until Christmas Eve... Got to the Christmas Party of the girl who I was dating. I had already survived thanksgiving without drinking I was cold set that I wouldn't drink. Nothing or no one in hell could have convinced me to drink that day ...... I mean  I was on top of the world for 40 + days  by the way I only attended 1 A.A. meeting did it all on my own of course I read a lot of posts here on Reddit to keep me fresh.  Anyway .. there was an exception to that mindset I had that night there was no one on planet earth that could get me to drink but this girl I was dating.. the girl I had deep feelings and love for.  She convinced me to take the first drink.  I behaved like a "normal drinker" that night  I drank 1 shot  2 beers and I wanted no more.  I wanted to try and control... well I succeed that night .. We usually went out on weekends to dance and have fun  so after Christmas it was easy for me to pick up another drink. I Controlled a 2nd time and 3rd time.. But then It happened ... New years  I was upset that I didn't spend new years with that girl and it all went to the old ways... I spent 3 days drinking called in sick to work 2 days while I was still going.  Fortunately I didn't lose my job.  Anyway there's more to this insanity...Guilt Stage again.  I make a promise to the girl that I can do this  I can beat it .. I explain my excuse and rationalize that the reason I drank the first drink was because of her.  Things get good again I get a few more days sober. 13 to be exact.  I can't remember what set me off this time but we went out to the club and I got drunk as hell big drama broke loose between me and the girl that night.  It was 6 am and I was still drinking and I had to work the next day.  She had to work at 8am  I was suppose to drive her home ... anyway she wakes up posed ass hell because she ends up waking up late and I'm drunk.  So I decide to take her so she can calm the heck down before this I take a few shots and ... I'm on the mode of blacking out once more.  Well I take her and we'll in the parking lot of where she works .. it's blurry but I hit a pole and crashed my truck for the 2nd time.  I made it home safely  went to bed woke up the next day and missed another 3 days of work kept drinking till I finally ran out of money and alcohol.  ..I sobered up  and guilt trip again... this stage is when regret comes in.  I start to strongly hate my actions and start planning and exit for all the shit with alcohol.  Luckily I didn't hit anyone again or get in trouble.  ..So since that last drink  I have been sober for 58 days.  I haven't went to A.A. once just been  determined to not drink.  I lost all contact with that girl because she wanted no more of me.  I have not talked to her for the same amount of time since I've been sober.  ..Some amazing accomplishments have been made  with myself at work.  I am number one in the company in sales I won an award for an accomplishment.   I lost about 15 pounds and gained some muscle.  I finally have some money in my bank account and I have been going to church here and there.  ..So the reason  I decided to write tonight is because I feel I need to continue to keep fresh.  I was told today that people ou there are just waiting for me to fail again. Because I have done good in the past and just relapsed to be the same.  I don't want to fail again. .. but I do need to keep fresh .. I hope what I share can help some of you.  Much love to everyone .. keep working everyday and any advice send it my way. Thanks goodnight!
----------immediate responses--------

(there are just waiting for me to fail)With his being true dont put any one before yourelf.Keep strong.You mentioned going to churchPerhaps you should think about going to AA regularily as that can be a great tool in helping with your sobriety.Remember its never too late to start over.Have a great straight thinking sober day and keep comming back.
Thanks for posting...The only way you can lose is to stop trying. I wanted real life accountability some folks can study online but I need face to face - its  the only way I get my home work done. ..I need the accountability - [what are you going to add to your support network?](http://i.imgur.com/6rC3VQ6.jpg)..We have your back. 
You know I crashed into a house once. It scared me but I didn't even try to control my drinking after that (you can read about it in my Saturday share if you'd like). ..I would not have been able to maintain anything like sobriety if it weren't for a *sober* support system. I'd say church could be a great source! I myself go to AA where I find exactly what I need in a group of drunks that I can most relate to. You're not alone in this and you can find sober support networks too!! ..I'm glad you're back. I'm glad you're still alive. Honestly you're fucking *lucky* to be alive. Do this for yourself this time. You're the only person that you can be sure you're going to be with forever. 
