-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yvsqe/alcohol_in_advertising/

Today marks 5 weeks sober for me and I thought Id share some thoughts Ive been having...Everywhere I go I SEE ALCOHOL IN ADVERTISING. ITS EVERYWHERE...Im not just talking about specific adverts for beer etc but in all kinds of advertising. Real Estate advertising always portrays your 'dream' home with having a breezy balcony overlooking city/country/ocean etc with a happy couple staring lovingly at each other with glass of wine in hand..... Picture perfect!..Thinking about going on holiday? Well of course that tropical Island getaway just wont be complete without that big carved out pineapple cocktail which contains 7 different shots of rum and a dash of coconut milk and is garnished with 2 umbrellas tropical fruit chunks and a swizzle stick in the shape of a palm tree ....Everyone in these ads are beautiful happy shiny glamorous rich stylish and just all-round good people!! ..No wonder we struggle. Its impossible to avoid and I find some days it really affects my thinking and my desire to have a drink..  
----------immediate responses--------

So annoying. I still think actual alcohol advertisements are the worst though. Everyone looks like they have 0% body fat with bright healthy faces and they are doing lively things. Notice the beer they hold is always full and they never take a drink though. They should show beaten down people crying into their beers for a change. 
If only these advertisements showed what drinking is really like. The possibilities are endless! But it truly is everywhere no wonder why so many fall accustomed to the idea of drinking everyday is okay. Wednesday night I went out to dinner with my wife and her friends and before we are even seated we are told all the happy hour specials. It's crazy how it really is everywhere but I like to think about how these advertisements are not real and the people in there didn't probably drink what they're holding. :)
Yeah I have noticed that too.  It makes me sad.
