-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yvuoq/youre_too_young_to_be_sober/

I've heard this a few times over the last few weeks and it isn't making this any easier...Some quick background: 21 F from Small Town USA. Started drinking before I could drive. I've been attempting quitting for the last year or so it always seems to end in a build up then a rash decision to drink. I can't do moderation I've tried that...It's been incredibly difficult to quit especially with the amount of peer pressure that surrounds a college town full of new bar goers. My "friends" don't get it they definitely add pressure to an already difficult situation.  Their solution to everything (bad grades good grades break ups celebrations..) is getting wasted. These kids tell me that it is ok to be an alcoholic when you are in college. ..It isn't ok though is it? It's a slippery slope I want to be able to be stable when I get done here and go out into the real world. The longest I've quit drinking has been six months. This is the first time I've really committed to it (reading this sub getting a badge going to AA  a few times a week finding mentors/counselors for support)...I have struggled through withdrawals this last time wasn't as bad. I still get the dreams and the cravings I don't know if those ever go away. I realize that they will get easier to handle as time goes on. ..I've been promising myself every morning that I won't drink and so far I've held that up. I've looked through the FAQ section and like I said I've been lurking on here a while. I don't know what I'm looking for with this post. Maybe just getting this out will help me cope with everything... I'm just really struggling. I feel like all of these kids here just don't understand or don't try to. I have a group of friends that don't go out but it seems like the majority do and if I want to attempt to be social going to the bar is where it is. Having the temptation all around makes it difficult but it seems sometimes sitting at home alone is almost as unbearable as fighting the temptation...Anyway I'm sorry if this was long. Thank you all for the time you put in to this sub and thank you for reading. Having a group of people (even internet people) that I can relate to has helped immensely already. ..Edit 1: Thank you all for the support and comments! It's been incredible already. Just having a little backing has changed my outlook on this. Being able to read your stories and see that others have been in this situation as well is fueling my resolve.  I feel dedicated again. I'll continue to post updates as the days go on. Thank you again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Too young to be sober? How about too young to be a miserable drunk? Or too young to die?
At what point does a person say they are the 'right' age to stop? We are always saying we are either too young or too old.... unfortunately it's just human nature to do so. I sometimes have thoughts that 'Oh well Ive been a drunk for so long I might as well keep drinking'.... its just ludicrous..Tell me what do you think the best age to stop drinking actually is if you have a problem? No-one really knows because its going to be different for everyone.
Dude fuck those people. Thinking I was too young to get sober kept me out a few months longer than I needed to be. And it played a part in me have crystal thrown over the fence at my rehab. I remember seeing the dudes that brought meetings in to the rehab and they were all 45+ so I figured that at 22 I had at least another 15-20 years before I really "had" to get sober. ..Everything started switching for me once I got serious about meetings looking for the similarities in stories going to different meetings to see what worked all that shit. My advice for you my dude keep going to meetings and talk to the dudes that're happy to be there. There's so much rad shit for young people in AA to do and the fellowship between young people can be the absolute best. Check out ICYPAA see if you can get added to the fb page and (if you're like me) get over the fact that people your age are nerding out about AA. ..tl;dr: YPAA is the fucking shit if you throw yourself in
I got sober at 16.  Part of the late 80s treatment push.  Went to treatment with a lot of other 16 year olds.  I'm still sober 26 years later.   After running into old friends who thought they were too young I can honestly say I made the best choice.  All I missed out on are car wrecks ruined careers and marriages lost opportunities and regret.
Great post.  Thanks for sharing.   Things do get better if you stay your course.
For many years I was "too young to be sober". Drinking ages you quickly though and steals your time away...I guess now I am "Too old to be drunk anymore".
Good for you for sharing this. Don't worry about the people who think you're too young. I'm in my 30s but live in a large city and there are tons of young sober people. Some of the AA meetings I've been to that reach as many as 100 people or more are at LEAST 50% people under the age of 25. I have a few AA friends who are between the ages of 19 and 25. Many of them are in undergrad or recently graduated. ..Keep it up!
I didn't drink much before 21 but I had other addiction issues and I so wish I had committed to recovery earlier and ignored all the people saying "don't worry you're not that bad." You know your truth they don't. So much wasted time...Volunteering help me make new friends maybe that would help? Turns out the people you meet at 9 am on a saturday in a soup kitchen tend to be very supportive of sobriety and quite capable of socializing without alcohol. They've taught me a lot.
It's amazing that you thought of this at 21. Never EVER crossed my mind. Only thing crossing my mind was drugs and alcohol...and books
I wish I was as smart as you when I was your age. It is wonderful that you are so reasonable so young.  Stay sober!
Last night I went to a recovery seminar on the campus of a university that consistently makes top-10 party school lists. There were 11 organizations presenting and 4 of them work specifically for or with students. About a quarter of the audience were students and several who commented were pursuing degrees in addiction counseling. There is a growing movement of people like you. There may be more opportunities and support than is immediately apparent. [This magazine](http://recoverycampus.com/) was scattered around the sober lounge but I haven't flipped through it.
[deleted]
&gt;These kids tell me that it is ok to be an alcoholic when you are in college...Man oh man. I remember saying and believing this when I was 20. I called it "temporary alcoholism" and would laugh about it. That temporary alcoholism turned into real alcoholism very quickly. I was so stupid... Maybe your friends will also look back one day and feel the way I do now. Even at 25 people still pressure me to drink but I am taking my sobriety seriously now. It's been easier to say "no" now especially since my health has already improved in my 12 days of abstinence. This is the longest I have been dry since I turned 21 and I wish I had been as smart as you at 21. I know it sucks that it seems that everyone is partying it up and having a great time but I've found visiting this sub everyday and also watching the movies in the side bar (like this [one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6vEe6eenpg) and also *Days of Wine and Roses*) have helped convince me that I don't want or need alcohol in my life anymore.
we could encourage you to do a daily post update like anther redditor to help and support you.  I wish i never would have started drinking  I wouldn't be having trouble losing my belly now at 33...(I'm sure) You can PM any of us on here anytime and we will listen and respond 24/7.
23M. I also got sober when I was 21 and had a lot Of friends tell me to relax and that I was only 21 and it wasn't a big deal. Push through and keep going. One of the best feelings in the world that I felt was when a year later those same people came up to me and said that they were proud of me and that it was a great accomplishment. ..Eventually you will change from being someone that is trying to be sober to someone that just doesn't drink.
My older sister started in AA at 23. She was always just partying in high school and college at some point she realized she was drinking to get back at people and it was destroying her relationships and her life. She's 10 years sober now married 1 kid another on the way incredibly successful and just an inspiration to me. ..I don't think it's ever a bad decision to not drink and never let anyone ridicule you for making a healthy smart choice in life. I've met so many people who have quit or just don't drink who are fun exciting adventurous people you don't have to be the "dos equis" man to be interesting. I often challenge myself to not drink/drink less and find it's hard to not be a little self righteous when people chastise that decision. I used to feel like I was being lectured by my sister about sobriety but in hindsight I was not being understanding of her situation and attempting to goad her into breaking her sobriety. I really was an asshole now I understand a little better and really appreciate her decision to stick with it. ..Good luck to you!
Look into ypaa events. Im 25 got sober at 23. There is one coming up around chicago called ?ilscypaa? Being sober has been the best thing ever. I have made numerous friends and have become a social butterfly. Ill be at the ypaa event in Illinois and will have a blast. I think i party harder now that im sober lol. Many plane trips to random locations riding my motorcycle with a sober m/c with ties to the outlaws and a new career with no limits in sight. Your mileage may vary but the best part about being sober for me is being the best most kind hearted person i can be to everyone i meet. I love it.
Quit when I had just turned 20...best decision of my life...
You said you shouldn't care what they think...this is your choice.  So true!  You seem very mature.  Stay true to yourself.  I don't care how old you are you have a choice.  I have two teenagers who don't drink. I know they don't because we talk about everything...and they watched their dad hit rock bottom after drinking himself stupid every night.  He's now seven years sober.  They watched their aunt die at age 36 from cirrhosis.  Imagine if she would have gotten sober at 21...I'd still have a sister.  So no there is no age that is too young.  
