-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yx26v/need_to_share/

It's been quite some time since I've been active around here partly due to the fact that I returned to work at the beginning of February and partly because I've been letting certain things slip in my life due to being 'too busy'...Last night after work I experienced strong urges to drink.  For the first time in weeks I could picture myself drinking a beer and not feel disgusted or panicked.  I know better than to give into this evil little voice and it was a whole lot easier to dismiss it now than it was in the early weeks but it was a indication to me that I've been letting my recovery stagnate.  I'm going to make a bigger commitment to getting back into yoga and journal writing to share my thoughts and decompress from the day's strains and stresses...I'm going to be making a bigger effort to share my feelings and thoughts every day in some form so as to avoid isolation and the return of loneliness and darker thoughts...Sometimes it's easy to feel impatient in sobriety.  I feel as though because I've made these huge changes in my life that things should be evolving much faster than they are.  I tend to put far too much thought into the future and where I 'should be' instead of being present and experiencing life as it unfolds.  My impatience has caused me a lot of anxiety in the past few weeks...On the positive note it's been 118 days sober and 58 days without a cigarette.  I feel healthier than I ever have.  My appearance has improved even though my energy isn't quite there and I've been working out at the gym very frequently as well as eating good foods for the most part...It's easy to forget the struggle of getting to this point but at the suggestion of a friend I'm going to go back and read my journal entries from the past months and find my inspiration again...Thanks for listening SD
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. Being mindful and staying present is definitely something that helps me as well in sobriety. Whenever I start to past/future trip I start to immediately give thanks for everything I am thankful for today. My health job stable finances relationships etc... For me isolation/loneliness went hand it hand so I have to be careful not to spend too much time alone and make sure I'm expressing my feelings to someone. One day at a time right? Blessings
I can definitely relate to this. I've gone through so many phases throughout my sober time where I've slacked and found myself returning to the same kind of behaviors and thinking that were part of my drinking/addict atmosphere... even though I wasn't drinking I was letting things slide cutting corners etc. ..Its great that you've identified what is going on and are tackling it. Exercise motion physical activity yoga etc. have all been immensely helpful for me in getting "unstuck" in these kinds of slumps for sure. 
Good job reaching out...3-6 months is a danger zone as your last hangover is so far in the distance...It gets easier.
Great job catching yourself and not giving in. 
