-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2yy9ft/day_50_and_the_cravings_are_stronger_than_ever/

So here i sit on day 50 and i feel great. Down a lot of weight noticing a big change in my mentality and very clear headed all the time which I love. One reddit user mentioned a state I am in as a "well what is next" kind of thing and i can definitely empathize with that. ..I work for a college and it is friday night before Spring break where I have 16 consecutive days off. I am struggling with how to keep myself busy during that time and keep my mind off of drinking....I have to admit with this nice weather and all the time off I have been thinking about going and buying beer and let the edge off. What edge...I don't know. Part of me feels like i deserve some sort of "reward" or "I've gone this far already its okay to have a bit here no harm" but I know that I really don't want to wake up hungover and feel like shit etc.....Any words of advice to someone around my stage? At first the time seemed like it was flying but now its 50 days in and I'm all like "wow not even 2 months yet?!"
----------immediate responses--------

[J00 cayn dew eet!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZ2HcRl4wSk)
Reconsider!  Find a hobby hobbies.  Jog.  Run.  Bikeride to enjoy the new weather.  Read.  Make a concerted effort to do something to better yourself or those around you.  Build a tire swing for a kid or catch up on some movies.  It can be lonely (a fact I can attest to) but it's just.......well.  Almost anything is better than the alternative...50 days is a long fucking time.  You are doing great and it definitely gets easier even if it takes much much longer than we'd like.  ..Keep your momentum going!..edit: I have spent the better part of these last 3 years of soberness teaching myself a few computer programming languages.  All it took was some books the internet and an abundant amount of newly discovered free-time.  :)
Go read through some newbie posts... And tell them to stick it out. Tell them that those first weeks of sobriety are rough. The utter shame and disgust with urself is almost unbearable. But you pull through. And it's hard to think that you were once in that deep dark place. .Now ask yourself if you want to go through that again. How disappointed you will be with urself in the morning? Don't forget to ask for a new badge. .You got this!!! Do I need to break out all the quotes? "This too shall pass" "one day at a time".. But honestly it's one moment at a time sometimes. So don't start all over.  You came here because you don't want to drink. You can do whatever you set your mind to.. And you don't want to drink. 
Agree with /u/soberwaitress. The newbie posts keep us all accountable. I'm sure mine helped veterans here when I was a newbie and I try to comment on at least one newbie post a week now.
What you are describing is completely normal.   I just wanted to make sure you knew that.  Somewhere around the 2 month mark the booze is really out of your system so you forget how much it sucks;  a new season shows up on the calendar and you feel like making a change (hey let's go back to drinking!);   and the thrill of waking up without a hangover is gone because it is now routine.   You might even feel anxious about your newfound ability to fill the voids in your life because that takes some work...I threw away 40 days before for some of these reasons and I was an idiot.  Please do not be like me.   It was such a demoralizing waste...The key to defeating these thoughts is that booze is not a "reward" in any sense of the word.   Drinking it is in fact the single very worst thing you could do to yourself.   There is no upside.  It will not relax you it will stress you the fuck out.   It will not make you social it will have you drinking alone and hiding it.   It will not give you confidence it will make you ashamed.   It will not give you fun it will make you miserable...Everything it promises is an outright lie.  It can take work to see that.  But please try to do that work.  If you succumb to the lies you may well waste a year like I did.
I think things got easier after 90.  However then the thoughts of oh well I'll just have one or well I quit this long so I can stop whenever start to show up...Also stop counting days.  Just try to get through one at a time.
[deleted]
16 days in a row?! I'd kill for 16 days off in a row! I totally agree with the last post. It's not too late to take an epic road trip last minute flight somewhere exotic or just start something positive you've always wanted to do. Remember it only takes 2 days to start a bad habit 21 days to create a good habit and 66 days to change your life!
I have some time off coming up soon as well 2 weeks off in the spring. In my drinking days this would of been my let the wolves out drinking blitz work hard drink hard reward.  ..I love backpacking so I'm planning a 8 day back packing trip this spring rain or shine. I'm really looking forward to it this time around because it's going to be a sober trip like discovering camping all over again with a fresh perspective and I'm taking an extra spiritual approach to it. Recharge my soul. I leave one day after my holidays start. I'm looking forward to it. I just started the planning of it. My days will be busy out there 4-6 hours of hiking a day set up camp collect fire wood eat turn in. repeat. Then I get home and take a one hour shower and order a pie. Work out and a holiday...Find a hobby you love to do or get into a new one. Go to a local hobby shop and have a look around. 
