-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2z25pc/im_two_weeks_sober_i_cant_stop_this_selfpity/

I'm having a really hard time right now. I've pushed away a couple of good friends I've had to move back in with my parents. I hear my boyfriend tell me all about his fun nights out that I'm not invited to anymore because I'm always an asshole when I get too wasted and they are sick of it. I feel this sense of relief from them that I'm not around. It's making me feel really depressed just constantly wondering if they hate me or want my boyfriend to dump me (I think they do). They are obsessive thoughts that make me angry and jealous. I don't know how to stop it. Why can't I just be happy. Thanks for reading my rant.....Edit: I've been back and forth in this sub-reddit I've had quite a few relapses. I'm going to try harder then I ever had this time. Any advice would help so much. 
----------immediate responses--------

hey funny right around the 2 week mark I was struggling BIG TIME with self pity I've been told not to post links here but trust me there is really good stuff out there google "drinking and self pity" and similar there is a GREAT article from alcoholrehab lots of good stuff it helped me out of that maze good luck
I know exactly what you are talking about. Hugs and my very best energy to you. And to all of us in this  boat. 
I am going through this exact same thing as I type. My SO has a friend over and they're going for beers afterward. I'm hiding in my room "sick" because i can't stand the thought of facing anyone right now. ..I *know* his friends want him to break up with me too. I've pissed each and everyone of them off multiple times. I've cried and lost sleep over this; Asked my SO to leave me. ..Honestly though the more i think about it the more i wonder if i ever really like any of his friends... i think i was always overcompensating (more than usual I'm definitely an alcoholic) when I'm around them to a scary degree. Then i realized i only ever do that when I'm super stressed out. They stress me out. I don't like hanging around them sober.... ..I still don't really know what to do with this information. But I'm learning new things about myself with each day sober. I have to look at this from the positive side these moments are laugh or cry. ..One day at time. 
Don't be hard on yourself. Thoughts like this can easily spiral downward. Focus on you right now. You are important and that's all that matters. 
I'm hearing fear resentment and anger. We all experience these when getting sober. Stop beating yourself up and show yourself some compassion and love. You deserve it and if you can't give it to yourself it's hard to expect it from others.
It's incredibly brave and awesome of you to have decided that "this just isn't for me anymore". Don't beat yourself up. It's really easy to fall back on self deprecating thoughts because you have to reckon with yourself sober. You may feel like an asshole but think about the fact that if everyone in your group is usually drunk chances are you weren't the only one like that. ..One reason you might think they may be pushing you away is because you remind them too much of their own bad habits. I remember in college parties there would always be those that went too hard too wild. People would judge but I would easily say that half of them went the same way it was just a matter of time and who was watching. ..When I think about some of the people I might have pushed away because I went overboard I'm grateful that I at least don't remember much. What I do there's nothing I can change. There's no going back and editing events. Things happened. People may or may not remember. But if they have decent lives whatever my grievances were can't be worth obsessing over. All I know is that if they hung out with me chances are they have their own list of regrets that's just as long. If people want to waste their time judging things that happened in a blurred state long ago that's on them. I have new things to focus on. ..Also I'm glad at this point that I have people in my life I don't have to be inebriated to tolerate. When you can have fun with someone without having to worry over your mental state that's when you know it's right. If someone goes one way and you go another you can't hate yourself if it's in a better direction. Also you're not the asshole for wanting to be better. If people can't reflect and support the better you then they must not want you to be good at all. Some people are just spiteful and don't want to see someone who struggles get back up. ..There's nothing you can do but be you in all it's imperfect glory. People sometimes like to believe they're invincible and "screwing up" is for the weak. It's really easy to say that until it's you. Like I said they might have their own demons they're trying to avoid. ..I went from one spectrum of life to the other. I used to be utterly straight edge and then that went out the window. Now I'm gaining my balance back in terms of things that I know I should not do and things that I've learned to moderate. There are many many many many many many stories - all of which probably differ depending on the friends of mine you ask. I've made an ass out of myself numerous times but I've also succeeded a lot too. I have a lot to be grateful for and it's growing everyday. ..It's human to feel like you're "the bad guy". But before anyone vilifies you they better make sure they've never made any mistakes in life. It's like the phrase "We've all been there and if you haven't than you haven't lived". Going into a meeting you might feel bad for the things you've done or said but chances are there are people who have always done "worse". I like to think they've been more "thorough" in their self realization there's no judgement. ..Bottom line is don't hate yourself. You're flawed just like every other human being. People can do a lot of insane things but one of the biggest we all struggle with is admitting we're not perfect. I'd rather do that then pretend I am. ..It's courageous of you to take this step. And if you step away from negative people who at their "best" only liked you when you were far gone; you have to decide what's the most beneficial to you in terms of continuing mending or ending that relationship. . .For them drinking may be an amusement park ride. It's a fun ride. Lots of people yelling and getting crazy. But once you've taken it so many times some people get sick of throwing up. Once you know all the loops turns and tricks you have to ask yourself if there's anything else out there. There's still time in life for surprise mystery and adventure but getting it this way - is it really worth it? Are we taking it just to stay amused? Some people want to stay on and ride it out until the possibility no longer exists that's their decision. But everyone has a different choice in when they want to get on or off this roller coaster. Be proud that you've learned all the thrills and are choosing to get off when you do. It's a learning process it's life and it's your life. It may not be the one for everyone but it is yours. And if booze can't take it away - don't let all the assholes out there do that either. ..Things fall apart to get better. Don't let the bastards get you down. You're on the right path stay strong.  
Congratulations on making the choice and effort to be sober. That's a big step! ..Does your boyfriend know that you are not drinking? If he doesn't want you drinking around him and his friends because you are annoying and embarrassing (which I totally was too) then maybe he could do more to support you in your not drinking? ..Have some sober weekends in with you? Or at the very least not share the details of his drunken evenings with you. Have you talked to him about how hard it is for you? ..If he loves you he should be supporting your recovery and doing things to help you. If he is not a source of support then maybe you should take a break and work on your recovery away from him. ..Obviously I don't know your situation very well but it concerns me me that he would tell you all about his "fun" nights out drinking when you are having a hard time abstaining. That doesn't sound supportive. ..Anyway congratulations on 2 weeks and good luck on your journey! If you haven't already definitely look into meetings or D&amp;A counseling or something. "It's dangerous to go alone."  
Stay sober just for today. Actions speak *way* louder than words. 
Hang in there OP. It can and will get better...Holding onto jealousy or anger always brought me down harder than the person I was mad at. For me I found that when I started meditating and learning to use deep breathing to release those feelings (what I thought I *needed*) I could feel more peaceful most of the time. It's not a perfect solution but it is one that comes from within and that kind of peace can't be stolen by anyone. It has helped me a lot. If you think it would interest you (and I take no offense if it is not your thing) you might seek out meditation restorative yoga or yoga nidra practices in your area. If you prefer something more private in your own space there are a lot of wonderful guided meditations in MP3 form or on YouTube.
Well hello former me. ..I went through this for erm longer than I'd like to admit...Here's my suggestion: Go to AA meetings. Get a sponsor. Work the 12 steps. I know AA is sort of chanty and cultish and weird but the steps are actually a great way to deal with that "OMG I was such an asshole then" feeling and to mend those broken relationships. ..It was an amazing experience being able to let go of things and forgive my drunk self and to learn how to deal with relationships and work and well *life* without alcohol.
