-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2z3gzw/introduction_post_for_lack_of_a_better_title/

Hello guys. I'm 25 and new to this subreddit. This is actually my first post on reddit ever! Although I'm definitely no stranger to the Internet...I guess I'll start with an introduction. I started drinking in my late teens (it didn't help that I moved out at 17 and that my group of friends at the time often used alcohol and other drugs to party.) In the beginning it was all just for fun. Around the age of 18 - 19 however it took a turn for the darker. I began using alcohol as a way to deal with depression and anxiety (although I haven't been officially diagnosed with any mental illnesses I've dealt with a lot of symptoms since childhood. I still plan to seek treatment but due to various factors I haven't gotten there just yet.) ..Fast forward several years and many life changes later: by the time I turned 21 the drinking had gotten completely out of control and remained that way through my early twenties. I managed to retain stable employment for the most part but it resulted in (directly or indirectly) many detriments to my life including struggling financially losing my first car (not due to a DUI but the financial inability to fix it and city ordinances regarding inoperable vehicles - though I now own another one) and living in a lot of unstable unhealthy situations. For years straight I didn't go a single day without alcohol. ..I attempted quitting about a year ago and made it - I believe - 46 days. I convinced myself I had gotten over the problem and that I could drink moderately again. Bad idea. Within weeks I was drinking just as much as ever if not even more. I averaged probably 7 - 10 drinks per night every night. The following summer (2014) I had even more problems surface including some of the worst self harm I've ever done in my life (which maybe needless to say happened while I was drunk.)..Finally on October 1st 2014 I decided I was done for real. I don't remember that much about the first few weeks of sobriety but I think it was easier than I had thought it would be. Although I haven't been perfect I can count on one hand the number of times I have drank since then and 4/5 of those times I had only 1 or 2 drinks...I know exactly what brought me here today - last night I slipped. I bought a 6-pack of craft beer (which was for the most part my drink of choice) and drank 4 of them. Afterwards I ate drank plenty of water and was in bed by 11 but I've still felt out of sorts today. I regret having made that decision but at the same time I know I've made an INCREDIBLE amount of progress compared with where I was a year ago and I don't want to feel as though I've thrown it all away over a 6-pack because I know I haven't. I may have made a bad choice but I know I'm not that person anymore...I know exactly how easy it is to go from "I can drink every once in a while" to "full-blown addiction" because I've been there before and I refuse to let it happen again. That realization is exactly what brought me to this forum. ..Starting in October I went over 110 days without a single drink (before starting to "cheat" here in there in January and February.) I am posting this here to reaffirm my commitment to making it even longer this time. It's also rather cathartic to get it out because almost no one in my life knows about my problems with alcohol dependence - not my family my coworkers only 1 - 2 friends really know the depths it reached...To anyone who actually sat through reading this: thank you. Any comments are appreciated even if it's something I might not "want" to hear...I hope all of you are doing well tonight and I wish you all the support in the world on your path to sobriety and a better life. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there! Good way to spend your Saturday night. This is a very active and very supportive sub. Very respectful and not preachy in the least...That said you will find very strong opinions on moderation. So many have tried and failed at it and they can explain what went wrong on their journey. ..For me I'm grateful that they share with us. It has helped me acknowledge that no matter how badly I want to have a healthy normal relationship with alcohol I very likely never will. ..You will also find endless examples of how and why that is perfectly ok. Some people are allergic to cats....i have horribly bad reactions to alcohol. ..I'd never have been able to get there on my own without this wonder group of complete strangers...Edit: some congrats are in order for only letting yourself slide so far. You've totally got this. Just stay close.
Welcome! Sounds like you're in the right place. Your story is familiar which I hope you find comforting. I know I found great comfort finding people who could relate to me and my struggles. This sub is an amazing little gem so check in often!..My only advice you already know: stop "cheating" and make a commitment. You play with fire every time you have a drink. I know without a doubt where one drink will lead me...sounds like you do too...Thanks for sharing your story.
Welcome back!..Are you accessing a support group in real life as well? Try SMART or AA. I'm suggesting this because it's not clear if you have been already. If you've proved what you did before wasn't enough to stay stopped - do something different. ..Keep pursuing your recovery. For me it needs to be my first priority. Without exception.  Before work without sobriety I don't get to keep my job. Same for family and friends. 
