-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2z4cpz/3_weeks_in_rehab_so_far_feeling_strong/

Hello all it's been a while since I've posted here. Am currently in rehab in Thailand. It's a bit cushy because they let us have phones and wifi and things that are not usually allowed in rehabs (so I hear anyway - this is my first)...I've been sober since 21st February (my badge may be wrong... just requested a reset). I'm learning a hell of a lot finding the cognitive behavioural therapy helpful where everything else has failed. ..I feel clear minded for the first time in a year and have been able to make the decision to end things for good with my toxic boyfriend who is definitely a trigger and threat to my recovery. Best part was when he said he didn't give a fuck about me and called me a "disrespectful little c*nt" for not wanting to stay in contact I didn't feel worthless or depressed at all. I know that all this time the alcohol was what was making me feel low enough to take the abuse. Helluva drug but hopefully after I get out I'll be free forever!..Waking up every day not hungover is amazing. I'm feeling social instead of isolating and I finally have real hope that I can do something with my life and not be found three weeks after my death from alcohol-related causes lying on the kitchen floor partially eaten by my dog...I'm looking forward to a much brighter future. I'll be sure to post and comment more in /r/stopdrinking when I'm back in the real world - I'll need it! Best wishes to everyone struggling with addiction - I know we can beat this!
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you. Big step going to treatment in Thailand.  Moving on from the past can be hard but it was necessary for me.  Ending things with the toxic bf sounds like a good plan.  Enjoy your stay in rehab.  I did mine in the a very different kind of place.  To say I am envious is an understatement.
Congratulations! And keep up the good work. We're all pulling for you.
Cross my fingers for a brighter future for you. there is lots of space.in the real world for you. Stay golden.
