-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2z4e6o/giving_it_a_go/

So I am working this out one more time. I have tried in the past and failed obviously. I was doing decently and then when I started a new relationship she was a mild drinker and I had a few with her on occasion. Now its getting to be a problem again. I was drunk at work on Friday. Luckily I came away without any suspicion and got away clean.  But now its got to stop. I told my girlfriend that I am on a new workout plan and will stay clean for 6 weeks. She doesn't know my struggle because I feel embarrassed about it and its a new relationship still. .She will be told someday the struggle I face with alcohol and how one drink for me can snowball into something such worse. But at least she knows that for 6 weeks I will not have a drink and she can keep me to that even if she doesn't know for the exact reason why I'm doing it. .Anyway thanks for listening. My exercise has always been important to me so I know that if I commit to a new cycle I can stick with it and avoid the alcohol. Hopefully in 6 weeks I can just continue the trend of no alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone has to start somehow. Finding myself drunk at work was a tipping point at one time and got me to see the madness of my condition. Just make sure that for the next 6 weeks you aren't dreaming of that next drink....it's a progressive illness and I would just be right back where I was 6 weeks before. Try to find your solution during that time and a reason not to go back to what you know is poison.
Ok...Generally new relationships in early sobriety are not recommended because you are going to be in for a roller coaster of emotions and forcing that person to join you on a roller coaster isn't really fair. Which leads to my next point.....This person is *unknowingly* going on this roller coaster because you are going to keep the very serious truth about yourself from her (omission can be considered lying). You are putting immense distrust and stress on a fragile nubile relationship? Seems odd...Thirdly what are you going to do in 6 weeks? What are you going to do today to not drink? Do you have a support group? I know you don't have the true support of your SO because she doesn't know the truth...Sorry to be harsh here but you need to take a hard look at this plan. You were drunk *at work* and now you are trying to play a game at not drinking and not telling your new girlfriend. Does this sound like rational thinking? I am not here to tell you what to do but I want you to understand what I am saying comes from a place of caring and fear. Fear for your sobriety.
First off good for you for recognizing what is going on and making a plan of action! That is huge and exercise is a great way to hit the ground running in sobriety... ..I am a little concerned about two things... first your 6-week deadline. Left to your own devices you may find that by the end of those 6 weeks you will have convinced yourself that you "didn't really have a problem" and "never intended to stop for good anyway" and resume drinking as if you had never stopped... That happened to me several times after setting goals like "3 months" etc... Everyone is different but its worth considering. Getting some support (AA therapy whatever works) might be a wise move to help yourself stay on top and stay committed. ..Secondly IMO keeping something like this from your SO is not fair to her. Granted I don't know you or her and this is just my opinion but getting sober is a big deal and being open and honest with your partner is important... Being evasive and dishonest is exactly what an addict would do and that's not healthy for the relationship or fair to your partner. ..I can definitely understand the reasoning behind wanting to keep your situation to yourself but feeling comfortable discussing what you are going through and having her support could make a huge difference for both you and her... Anyway just my thoughts... ..Best of luck and keep us posted on how you are doing! 
