-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2z8h8t/what_are_some_other_things_you_enjoy_what_are/

TL;DR My SO and I built a buffet table/cabinet from scratch over the past weekend. I can do this now because I'm sober. Image: http://imgur.com/2JHKQ4D..Hey y'all this is a brag post. I don't want to come off as arrogant; I'm posting because I created something as a direct result of my sobriety which is a direct result (in part) because of this sub and the people here...One of the questions that perplexed me the most in early sobriety was "Other than drinking what do you like to do?" My initial thought was usually "Shit if I know that's why I'm here right?" Finding new hobbies and revisiting old ones did not come easily to me. Still I committed to trying new things if for no other reason than I had plenty of time to fill since I wasn't inhabiting a bar stool any longer. To get to the point: thanks to my brother-in-law's interest in building furniture and his willingness to share his workshop I've built 3 pieces of furniture for my own place and 1 that we sold to a friend. It's been wonderful and I've learned that I really love creating and woodworking. I actually found a new hobby in my 30s...If anyone is struggling with being bored the idea of finding new things to do or just answering the question "What do you like besides alcohol?" I want to encourage you that with a little work things get better. Specifically putting a little effort into trying something new can result in finding something you love and something that you find fulfilling. ..I want to be clear: this wasn't easy and it didn't come naturally. Countless times in early sobriety and even during my final drinking days my SO or a friend or a therapist would ask what my hobbies are and what I like to do. The answer was always "drinking and drinking." Once I quit drinking I had to fill my time with something so I actively tried to revisit those things that used to bring me joy. I go to a lot of movies now. I take walks. Sometimes I just close my eyes and sit. Then I saw my brother-in-law's desk and thought "I need a new desk...maybe I could build one like his." I spent a little money asked for some guidance and I built a desk. It took a little effort and a little commitment and it really worked out. This may not happen every time but it sure did this go-around...Things can be great. I hope they are for you and if they aren't right now then I hope they get there soon. Keep doing good!
----------immediate responses--------

Very cool!
That is gorgeous!  thanks for such an uplifting message!
That's really cool you have found a new hobby in your spare time that is producing something you can enjoy for a long time to come.  Hand made furniture is awesome.  
This is a great post (and a lovely buffet cabinet)...This question comes up a lot (or the popular "I'm bored!").  I love this discussion...I've done this before but I'm going to do it again:..Here is my last week:.Sunday: I woke up early on Daylight Savings Time day and played an early mixed doubles match (tennis) with my wife and some friends.  Then I played another mixed doubles match in the afternoon.  And ended the evening with a men's doubles match (and a big win)...Monday: Went to work and had a productive day of GSD (getting shit done).  Had a meeting with my therapist that went very well.  Then I had a men's doubles tennis match in the evening.  And won.  BOOM!..Tuesday: Dropped off my car to get a new bluetooth add-on for my stereo installed (streaming music from my phone yo).  We had a monthly company meeting where great news was shared with us all.  And I took the evening off from activities to have a relaxing enjoyable evening at home with my wife...Wednesday: Got to work a bit earlier so I could go to Krav Maga class at lunch.  Met my wife for a quick dinner after her tennis clinic at 6 before my tennis clinic at 9...Thursday: Got to work early again so I could do yet another Krav Maga class.  And had a great practice match after work.  I did have to head back into the office... WHY CAN'T WE REMOTELY FIX BROKEN HARDWARE YET?  R2D2 WHERE ARE YOU?..Friday: Got to work early again.  Krav again.  And my wife and I won our first USTA mixed doubles match together.  \o/..Saturday: Another tennis clinic.  Then an afternoon/evening watching a movie (Kingsman was pretty good) dinner and playing Cards Against Humanity with our best friends...The only day I didn't have a jam-packed day was Tuesday.  I have a whole week of *stuff* to do and I love it...This week will be very similar I think.
That's awesome. Thanks for the inspiring post...Things I want to do while sober:..* Make lots and lots of art.* Write (blog) more.* Go do nature things (camping go to the river etc).* Re-watch movies that I've only seen while still drinking..And really whatever else I can think of. As it turns out there's very few times/places/events where it's even appropriate to be drinking and even fewer where it's appropriate to be black-out-drunk. So the world is full of possibilities for sober people.
For me I definitely do more paintings/artistic things and go on all the hikes and walks I used to talk about. When time &amp; money allow it I buy and repair old turntables...and if I don't become too attached to it I'll even sell it afterward lol. Also now that spring is coming I'm really looking forward to the garden. All these things I seemed to talk about but never do when I was drinking daily. All stress relieving for me and things where I can involve my SO. There's an endless list with this huge amount of time I have created in my life and there's nothing I'm afraid to try. This is literally the opposite of my drinking days. I've definitely changed my mindset from boredom being my enemy to having free time with a purpose
Nice cabinet for sure. Well done!..Spring is finally starting to pop here in Toronto so my thoughts are turning toward my veggie patch and the awesome things I'm going to grow there! Can't wait.
Cool cabinet! I've been doing woodwork for the past three years but my hands are less shaky now :) I make everything from tea light holders to shelves mirror frames to coat racks. I do a bit of decoupage too and have even tried cross stitch when laid up in bed. I've just got into making catapults/slingshots. I love wood but I'd love to be better at working with it. (No woody jokes ;) )
I love making my own furniture! I'm not good at it yet but I made and designed my own kitchen table and benches to fit in my apartment. I made a console table following a plan I love it!..I'm a girl in her mid-twenties so it's not that common to be into woodworking but I really love it. Asked my mom for a miter saw for christmas two years ago. :) 
This is awesome! I've picked up a new hobby recently that keeps me happy and busy while being sober...doing my nails/painting friends' nails! I used to be bummed out because I didn't have a hobby and I tried things like knitting and making birdhouses and just didn't love it. But then I stumbled across /r/lacqueristas and thought hey! I wanna do that! So now I do. ..Here's a [before](http://i.imgur.com/Pa6Owlw.jpg) of what my nails would look like while I drank and painted and [here's](http://imgur.com/CdPFSoU) an after of what they look like when I put more time and energy into them as a sober hobby. 
Great post. This is pretty much why I ended a 60 day Sober streak. Boredom. I had the weekend off and my family was out of town living life. Too much time for temptation. Time to start doing things that I used to love. I have to break out of the routine that drunk me used to have even though I am sober. Thank you for this insight.
Got two dogs focused on my education got really into skateboarding while I was early in sobriety play guitar hang out with friends go out to eat started dating.
music i love finding new music and i spent a good part of a year and a half organizing my itunes and external. i know it's not for everybody but for me this was the ultimate help. it helped me stay focused on quitting drinking and gave me excuses to stay in when i didn't feel like going out.
I definitely have a lot more time to work on projects/hobbies now adays. One of my hobbies is building Radio Controlled aircraft of all varieties. Here are a few pics of a TopFlite P-51 kit that I'm slowly getting through. The engine runs on Nitro fuel however i have a gas engine that I might install instead. http://imgur.com/a/1PH02..I like to build and fly electric engine planes as well as multirotor aircraft. They are all fun in their own way. 
I try to play my instrument daily and I'm looking into RC planes (such as this: http://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/comments/2ur0dk/radiocontrolled_millenium_falcon/). Also nature things camping and such would be nice. If only there was someone to go with would be nicer. Cooking is kinda fun too I'm currently getting excited about Asian kitchen and vegetarian food (should help with the "few" extra pounds I've managed to get). 
I was able to save and buy a house which has now become a home for many many hobbies...* I built a recording studio in the basement where I compose.* Healthy Cooking.  Just began cooking in my living room fireplace.* Just getting into woodworking.* Mountain sports.* Water sports.* Home improvement.  I can kill more hours at home depot than the bar.* Getting fit.
Professional Pyrotechnics...pgi.org
I don't enjoy much or have any real hobbies. I play a lot of Destiny currently but that just feels like a waste of time a lot of the time. Tried to get into drawing but I don't have the talent to even make something decent if I keep going for a lot of years so gave up on that. Used to love watching movies but sober it's never the same. The strings show so to speak...I can quit drinking. It's not fun but it's certainly doable. The hard part is just being a waste of space looking at the clock ticking... While sober. That's when it gets tough.
Thanks for posting this that looks amazing! .When I was drinking I always complained that I needed more hobbies and how bored I was in my spare time.. Now that I'm sober enough to actually focus I have some. Funny how that works.
I love learning languages and admiring the beauty of our planet through photography :). 
I'm working on a writing a full length doom rock opera that takes the exodus story of Moses and Pharoah into the 30th century with Moses being in a spaceship God as a computer terminal leading the ship and the Egyptians as computer viruses. I'm not that far into it but I've lots of the musical themes and motifs written. I'm hoping to just have a straight up rock trio to tour it. ..Yep. I'm a fucking nerd. 
I have no hobbies interests or skills... at least that's what it feels like. 
