-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zat4k/sick_and_tired_of_being_sick_and_tired_need_some/

Dear reddit..I could type an essay about how the past 8 years of my life (already?!) has been spent in increasing amounts of hangovers and depression. But I won't. I will say though that I've hit my limit in self loathing. I have a loving boyfriend of two years - he doesn't know just how much I struggle / drink when I get home from work. I don't get beligerent or angry but I get SUPER depressed about being hung over ALL the bloody time... I've done some pretty amazing will-power-esque things in my life... But this.. This is a pain to kick. I can do a master cleanse for a whole month but liquor? 3 weeks tops. I wake up cough like crazy usually puke up some bile brush my teeth find some gum do my make up - try not to look so rosey... No breakfast eat at lunch - come home - drink whilst relaxing (talking about a mickey of vodka a night on bad nights) hit the hay wake up etc...I'm sick of it I'm 29 and should have my 'shit together'... I almost asked him for help since I'm ready to cry with frustration with myself. But I didn't.. I'm one of THOSE people who wants to conquor this solo... It drains my wallet (zero savings) makes me fat (hoo yea them calories!) and I get sucked into some self-loathing depressed state - it's messed up! ..I HAVE however managed to kick it for about 3 weeks cold turkey back in Oct - lost 10 lbs! Then winter came I stopped running and boom started hibernating inside with the sauce. Sometimes I even switch liquor stores so that they don't see me come in almost every day after work...Recently I hit such a no efs given I called in sick to work and just moaped around the house... Feelin' all I SUCK WTF AM I DOING WITH MY LIFE!! I've got 30 lbs of fat from drinking I have lead a great job great realtionship but this stupid crutch! I think i drink mostly because I'm bored as hell most of the time - I have a very over active mind. On top of that I wasn't really taught any self-discipline growing up so when I do something I'm a pro for a few weeks then fall off whatever hobby or health kick wagon i'm on at that time....The boyfriend doesn't truly know sure he knows I can put it back and in high volumes but he thinks I'm still sick from a cold we've been trading. I've been waking up just SLICKED/COVERED in sweat feeling like crap many a time. Today he was concered after feeling how boiling hot i was while still in bed. He really doesn't know to which extent I've tortured this body - like I said i'm not a beligerent mean drunk just a happy go lucky one who drinks while bored to make things more 'interesting'. ..EDIT: When I quit for 3 weeks I had one co-worker come up to me and say that he didn't know what I was going through or wasn't going to judge but he could tell I made a change - the skin was different - apparently THAT much... God is it THAT noticable??..TL:DR - I'm just looking for some encouragement or advice other than AA... Today is day one - I did AMAZING in Oct and even lost 10 lbs! My skin stinks looks like crap and i'm tired of looking so bloated! It's becoming spring here so I want to rock shorts confidently you know?!
----------immediate responses--------

Staying sober from pot pills and booze has given me freedom. I don't watch TV anymore. My priorities have changed. I have a host of friends. No drinking from me since Dec 2013. Things are great. Hope you find what I've found.
[deleted]
I quit without AA. I was raised in the AA environment so i know it but I'm not doing step work. I'm not sure where the determination and will power came from but i made it through day one and just kept going. I had to make conscious decisions to not drink and kept myself out of situations where I'd be tempted. ..I will say though that the longer i go without drink the more i realize that i have some shit to work through and I'm considering doing some steps and sort this emotional baggage out. Not sure yet but the thought is there.. Anyway rambling.. Good luck!
Your story is so similar to mine it's scary. So many things you wrote about were me. Even down to the 30lbs weight gain...I really really REALLY had enough one day. Nothing big happened. No rock bottom. I just couldn't do it anymore. I was so sick and tired of barely being able to look at my face in the mirror cause all I saw was a huge stupid fat failure of a human being...Everything changed when I finally stopped drinking. Everything! What if I told you that it's possible the weight would start dripping off and you'd be 30lbs lighter in 4 months? That you'd love waking up again? That you could feel the accomplishment of a lifetime and be so freaking proud of yourself every day that it makes your eyes well up with tears?..I sucked it up and forced myself to do what I never thought I'd do. I went to AA. How bad does your life have to get for you to do whatever you need to do to get yourself you of this mess?..Good luck with your journey.
