-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zjfxv/seven_hundred_and_eighty_days_the_latest_update/

Wow. Two years r/stopdrinking. Two years. 780 days. Without booze. Sitting here watching Simpsons with my husband being perfectly content falling asleep and waking up to another day of kicking ass and taking names. I have recently been accepted to the program that will further my career. I have created so many memories that I actually REMEMBER. ...How the hell has time passed without alcohol?! I wish I could sit here and tell you it was a breeze and I had no struggles but that would be a blatant lie. There were so many times I doubted I would/could win the battle. And it's still a struggle. Sometimes that little voice whispers in my ear. You could have just one. Just to remember what it tastes like. SHUT THE FUCK UP you little asshole! Then I remember waking up and dreading the checking of my phone to see who I called or texted. Waking up to find my husband sleeping on the couch because of some fresh assholery I pulled when blacked out. Not remembering what was said but with that deep pit of dread and huge ball of anxiety that I just couldn't shake until I had that next drink. The insane amount of gum I went through to try and mask the booze smell as best I could in hopes that I wouldn't raise red flags around my family. ...Recently I have been very open about my struggles with alcohol on the Facebook. The flood of messages from friends that are struggling makes me realize how fortunate I have been to be able to stop and not only that but encourage my friends with my own story. ..So my dearest r/stopdrinking I thank you yet again. For believing in this little  WeirdAssJamJar. I have chosen not to drink for the last 780 days and I will continue on to 781. Please believe me when I say that if you want to quit you can. ..And before I forget here's a pic of my tattoo: http://i.imgur.com/D8voDT3.jpg..I decided for my two year sobriety anniversary to get this tattoo. I have identified with the term "Teetotaler" much more strongly than anything else. If it wasn't for my new found love of tea I don't know how well the last two years would've went for me. Mrs. Potts just seemed to be a perfect fit as well so I went with the English spelling of Teetotaller and couldn't be happier with my choice. "Finding You Can Change" is the epitome of my entire struggle with alcohol. Always remember you CAN change. This is your life and how you proceed is ALWAYS your choice. 
----------immediate responses--------

[Woooo!](http://mtv.mtvnimages.com/uri/mgid:file:http:shared:mtv.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/clock-candle-beauty-beast-comediva-1426533083.gif) 780 congrats to you and thanks for the inspiring share!
So very proud of you.
Thanks for sharing your journey and congrats on two years!!
such an inspiring post! thank you and congrats on 780 days!
Congratulations! What a fantastic tattoo :)
I can't even imagine seems like I would have an easier time reaching the summit of Everest at this point. Congratulations on you're life change. 
Congratulations! 
love your work WeirdAssJamJar!
Now I have 'Beauty and the Beast' feels.
Fantastic! Its so great to hear from those who have made it for so long! You are an inspiration!
Awesome :)
Wow! Congratulations and well done. A very inspiring post!
&gt;Sometimes that little voice whispers in my ear. You could have just one. Just to remember what it tastes like. SHUT THE FUCK UP you little asshole!..YES! This is it exactly! That voice is a fucking asshole dickhead tell it to fuck right the fuck off. People usually want some zen-like wisdom "secret to sobriety" but that's the closest thing I have to a secret. Recognize that voice is an asshole tell it to shut the fuck up...Congratulations on your 2+ years! Keep it up.
[deleted]
TWO FREAKING YEARS?! ahhhhhhh. CONGRATULATIONS!..Thank you so much for this post!
Great post
You are TRULY an inspiration. It's hard to see the light in a tunnel of people who don't believe in how drinking can steal your life away...physically mentally emotionally. .To see someone go from being an alcoholic to becoming confident and successful is really meaningful. .Alcohol steals choices. Choices that you can't even see the next morning...you give up your ability to drive and leave a potentially dangerous situation..A few tragic horror stories.... .An ex boyfriend of mine left a party in a bad mood and got into a car accident...he broke his back and lost the use of his legs. .I have been really stuck before. I was once out camping with a guy and didn't have cell phone reception. I didn't have the keys to the car and I couldn't drive anyway. But we got into a fight and I told him to fuck off and that I would sleep in the car and he could stay in the tent. He ended up head butting me in the face. Blood splattered everywhere. I was just screaming and crying. He shoved a tea shirt in my face to soak up the blood. He hugged his arms around my arms in a way that kept me from flailing. I was exhausted and drunk. We just fell asleep in the car..(Luckily I got out of that really toxic relationship and became sober for over a year.  Last year I decided to drink beer with dinner. That turns out to be about 3 now. I want to slow my roll AGAIN. ).And  now an acquaintance of mine is going to prison because she left a party drunk and ran over two pedestrians. Killing one of them.  ..Drinking is like wandering around in a dark room.. The lights go out and I forget what the room looks like.  It starts to get scary and confusing. I start looking for a way out when the light switch just needs to be flipped on...it turns out with the lights on the room is actually amazing and I want to stay in it...I get to drink for free pretty often in my home town bars. It's a toxic environment so I can't wait to get back up to Colorado and find a good gym and yoga class. I'm ready to commit to the sober life.
