-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zphpe/whats_with_all_the_relapse_posts/

Look I totally understand that this is a sub for those who either quit drinking and/or would like to quit .. but what's with all the relapse posts?  Has it always been this way and I'm just noticing this now?  Don't get me wrong this is a really supportive group and I don't want that to change and I totally get that relapse happens to many of us (me included) and it's nice to have a safe place to come and get support however I'm starting to feel like this sub is a relapse sub instead of a stop drinking sub. Is it really that easy to throw away sobriety because you had a bad day?  Is it really that easy to 'forget' that we are alcoholics and that we should never have that first drink?  It sounds like many like the idea of not drinking but are not ready to actually put in the work and maybe that's what it is.  In my opinion relapsing is a HUGE deal and it's not okay and it's something that should be taken very seriously.  I don't think relapse should be sugar coated with "don't be too hard on yourself" etc. This is what alcoholics want to hear when they mess up at least it's what I wanted to hear when I was a drunk and messed up. It's starting to sound like I did when I was a drunk apologizing and making excuses to my husband about something I regretted doing or saying in a black out state of drunken stupor the night prior.  There is no excuse for relapse.  If you quit drinking and you relapsed it's because you chose alcohol.  My relapse lasted a painful 4 years and it almost killed me and it nearly ended my marriage. I take it very seriously. I feel like we're losing sight of why this sub exists. Or perhaps I'm simply outgrowing the sub which makes me sad because I like it here.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel like relapse posts are pretty steady and I try to read SD every day. On the topic of going easy on those who relapse... I've thought about this a bit and I think that some people might relapse and feel so much shame they never come back. It's like they stumbled so there's no point any more. For these people it seems smart to calm them down a bit and help them regroup. Others post things like "I relapsed and I'm happy I did" (exaggerating slightly but not that much). With these people I think they need to be given a reality check that relapses can lead to decade long binges for some people. The problem is it's hard to know where people lie on this spectrum. I personally lean towards being more gentle but I think different view points help...If I ever relapse I will post here and I hope to get some tough love. Hopefully that never happens though. Not drinking today. :)
I worry more about the people who relapse and never come back.
If you're looking at it on a whole it can depressing I agree. However if you look at each post individually where is that person really at? Do you know how far down in the pit they are and how far they have yet to go before they reach the one that sticks (if they do)?  This sub is filled with people *in every stage* of recovery (or not recovery). But they came here. Some are thinking about it. Some are trying. Some are poking it with a stick. Some will do anything to get out. It's not my place to judge. It is my place to offer support based on my own experiences and if that helps someone then I'm delighted. I also look at the tone of each post I respond to. Are they covering up for themselves lying to themselves not quite sure *where* they actually want to take this became overwhelmed and gave in because they are human?  There is a lot to relapsing. I think it would be a shame if you left because you've "outgrown" this sub but maybe you didn't have the same ride as others. The wisdom of the long sober here is priceless. As are the different approaches each uses when commenting.  The insights and struggles of the newly sober are equally as important. They are a reminder and a source of strength and commonality.  Guilt is what keeps many people in the bottle. I think there is a big difference between giving a fresh relapse some hard truth over a dose of "just stop doing it".  One is much more helpful than the other. 
Many people probably lurk until they feel desperate enough to seek help which may happen right after a relapse. Isn't r/stopdrinking a place for that (among other things)? From the time I first tried to stop I have relapsed 10 or so times varying in time from 2 days to 2 months. I DID have an excuse....I was an alcoholic who couldn't be honest with myself about my problem. I stopped drinking 392 days ago I don't need to stop again. I'm only here because I want to help others like me and stay sober in he process. I really thought there would be MORE relapse posts here. The more posts we see about relapse the more people are being honest about it. 
I know when I had my final relapse one of my friends made a huge deal of it and the other was serious but kind. The one who made a huge deal never heard another word from me on my struggles because I thought he was compassionless; the one who was like "Don't be too hard on yourself" got honesty because I trusted him not to kick me when I was already down. And I never did relapse again. But if I had guess who I would have told? ..It works differently for different people. Going on about how someone fucked up might feel like kicking them when they're already down for one person but might feel like fortifying motivation to another. Being too embarrassed to admit to a relapse though is extremely likely if people are quite harsh about it. 
Everything is easy (once you know the answer). Looking back my relapses were a necessary part of my recovery...In my IOP they taught us how to deal with and learn from relapses. The "WHY AREN'T YOU PERFECT?" method has fallen out of favor in that medical community.
Relapsing is part and parcel of alcoholism and attempting sobriety. it happens people need to talk about it. People handle recovery differently and what works for some doesn't work for others there's no easy answer. ..I've taken my relapses very seriously. And learned a lot in the process. I Just hope me posting about them helps someone else in the same situation and I take a lot out of identifying with other people's relapse posts It's good to know I'm not alone in this struggle. 
I really do think it IS that easy to forget or just ignore that we shouldn't have that first drink...I haven't relapsed but I maintain respect for the possibility. Scumbag brain is always lurking.
I find that a lot of the people who post about relapsing here don't have much IRL support and that's dangerous. If this sub is your only support it could be perceived that relapse isn't as bad as it actually is. Having real people in my life witness my recovery is what makes me understand how essential it is to fight against a relapse. ..Thanks for this post it got me thinking :)
[deleted]
