-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zq039/pancreatitis_almost_killed_me_part_2/

Hi folks. I haven't been back to this subreddit for a few months. You may or may not remember the [Saturday Share](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2rs0k5/pancreatitis_almost_killed_me_15_years_alcohol/) I posted back in January. Just wanted to give an update on what's been happening to me the last two months.. .First the good new is I'm still alcohol free. Coming up on 2 years in April. Now for the not so good news.. . .I was feeling pretty good back in January. I felt that for the most part I had pretty much recovered from the alcohol induced pancreatitis that almost killed me. Was also feeling like my therapy was starting to work. Sharing my story hear and visiting a few times a week to receive and offer encouragement to others was really positive as well. I was feeling for the first time in many years that I could put my life back together. Then the unexpected happened.. .The last week in January I started having abdominal pain. Didn't think much of it until one day it started to spread to my back and got progressively worse over a 24 hour period. Went to the hospital and had some tests. Pain became even worst. I could barely stand it. I was completely devastated to learn that I was having another attack of acute pancreatitis and I also had a fluid collection (pre pseudocyst). I did not see this coming at all being alcohol free since my first episode of this disease. I was hospitalized for 2 weeks with nothing by mouth but ice chips and an IV. The doctors initially questioned if I had been drinking again since that is the most common cause of a relapse of pancreatitis. My wife and I assured them that I had not and that I'd been following all their advice.. . . . No one is sure what caused the second attack. The doctors kind of came clean and told me that since my pancreas was so badly damaged the first time that this kind of thing could continue to happen to me out of the blue for no discernible reason. Basically a huge number of factors could have set it off. The biggest being that the 1/3 of pancreas that I had left was still healing and atrophying from the initial attack and those changes alone could cause another attack.. . .The one good thing about this second episode is that it was very mild compared to the first. It hurt like hell but I didn't wind up in the ICU. Like I said I spent 2 weeks hospitalized without any food but ice chips. Before I got sent home they placed a post pyloric feeding tube down my nose and throat past my stomach all the way to my small intestine. This way I could be fed without stimulating my pancreas. That was my only source of nutrition for  a month after I was discharged. . . . I still have the feeding tube but have started eating real food again slowly. A few times I have started having pain again but it seems to eventually go away and then I start trying to increase my food intake and see how much I can tolerate. The goal is to get back to a full diet and remove the feeding tube which will hopefully be some time in the next week or two... . .Then I will have some more tests and see how much damage has been done see if the fluid collection has gone away or formed into another pseudocyst.. . .So basically my life has been turned upside down again. The possibility of another percutaneous abdominal drain or surgery is a real possibility. So is the possibility of more random acute pancreatitis episodes. It's pretty depressing when I think about it.. . .I owe all this to my alcohol addiction! Almost 2 years sober but I'm still paying for it! Drinking was so NOT worth it. Trying to take things one day at a time and remain positive and alcohol free. Just wanted to stop in again and give you all an update. I'm hopeful that someone can learn and benefit from my story and pain.
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes when I'm feeling so much better now away from alcohol it's easy to forget all of the *could haves*.  They become vague again which is dangerous.  Thank you for this post.  I hope your body continues to heal.
I have to ask how long did you drink for? This is insane. I'm glad to hear you are okay though and getting better.
I hope you get better. How old are you by the way? 
Sorry to hear you suffered another attack even after having been sober for a substantial period of time...Thank you for sharing though and congrats on almost two years...Good luck.
Thank you for posting this! Often it is easy to forget about the really shitty times. I hope you fully recover.
