-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zqg3o/this_bothers_me/

I hate seeing a post by someone that seems to be in trouble.  Struggling.  In pain.  Reaching out.  Then they disappear and we never see another post...I just assume that they slipped back into the black hole and it worries me...Anyone else have these feelings?
----------immediate responses--------

That's my biggest problem with this sub I read so many things and wonder what ever happened to that person. I need face to face contact with other alcoholics on a regular basis to stay sober and to actually see how that person is doing rather than reading and wondering.
That's what happened to me (under a previous username). It is troubling to think I missed the opportunity an anonymous community could offer before going back out. I never even checked back in to see how folks responded...Just glad I made it back...Today I'm not going to take a drink. No Matter What.
Yep me too. The ones I really notice I try to follow up with a pm if I can. I also take comfort in the fact that sometimes they are doing just fine and are so busy living that they may not have the *need* to pop in once in a while. I always hope :)
Yes it is definitely troubling. However we have to focus on ourselves. I've seen a lot of people relapse because of things that are out of their control - like other people relapsing...Focus on you. Don't drink today. Good for you for sharing how you feel :)
There's a guy who goes to meetings here who regularly makes the point of reminding us that This Is What Alcoholics Do: they disappear. As fucking terrifying as it is that's the territory; that's the nature of what we're dealing with.
This is what happens with the disease of alcoholism. The only person I can control is me. Focusing on my own sobriety keeps me on the path to recovery. Yes it is sad to see people struggling but worrying about them doesn't help anyone. ..Kudos to you for two weeks! 
If we had a sure thing here... a sure way out of drinking... I was going to say we should bottle it but that's not quite fitting. Anyway there's no sure thing. ..I think that it's just part of the path for many. Show up disappear show up disappear then maybe finally show up and stay. Not just stay here (SD) but stay among the nondrinkers and the sober people. Become one. ...or not. ..We can offer a hand to others but that's about all we can do. ..I'm glad *you're* here. 
I feel you Detroit.  Every morning I read all the posts on the 24 hour pledge and notice the usernames of who is posting and who is missing.  When regular posters fall off I get that knot in the pit of my stomach.  I've sent "glad to see you posting" kind of messages when people pop back in but I haven't gone so far to send PMs to check-in on folks that disappear -- I have to watch out for my sanity and remember that I can't save anybody else...I'm happy to see YOU posting.  Congrats on 14 days -- that's awesome!  :)
Welcome to the front lines. The longer you're around the more you'll see. It is best to not get personally invested in anyone's story. We give out around 200 new badges every week.  In one month's time 90% of those people will be gone. That's just how it goes. I've seen at least 100 people let it tear them apart. Don't let it happen to you. ..The only person you can control is you. Recovery rates are low across the board. But anyone can choose to succeed. Most people will not make that choice. And there ain't a thing you can do about it...If you've told your story in an honest way you've done all you can do. As they say in some circles you carry the message not the person. 
Some people do stick around even if we don't post all the time. My 131 is legit but I'm in no way a regular poster...Most probably do disappear but there are probably a fair few who just read regularly and keep on keepin' on.
