-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2zti24/with_sos_that_drink/

What advice or insight am I missing for accepting life with a drinking spouse?..I wanted to get the question out before I start rambling and it becomes convoluted. My husband drinks often but I don't think he's an alcoholic. I don't think he obsesses. I know he can go days without and not give it a thought. When he does drink it's quite a bit but not to the point that he makes bad or cringe worthy decisions most of the time (out of 12 years I would need no more then my two hands to count them with fingers to spare). But he does love the bar environment. He loves drinking with his friends.  _insert event_ and 6-8 beers equals a great night.  Alcohol is a given factor for many occasions just a part of the overall experience. ..So when I started sobriety again I didn't ask him to change. Though occasionally I suffer a craving participating in life as a result of his consumption it's manageable. When I have to remove myself because of it I don't lay the blame on him. He's been wonderful and he's proud of me. I don't share my struggles to any more extent than "it's a little tricky for me today."  I do share the benefits I've encountered in short bursts so I don't sound like I'm preaching. As far as I know he doesn't resent me *not* drinking with him though he's had to go alone to some things when he wanted me there with him. ..So the new problem I'm having is that I want him to quit too but not because it bothers me that he drinks. Our marriage has had a major disconnect in the last few years over other issues and though it's healing I still feel like we're strangers sometimes. My drinking was making it worse and that was a big factor in me quitting.  I'm just getting used to inviting him in again and I guard myself in a lot of areas I probably don't need to anymore.  But I was shocked to find out this morning that I want him on this journey with me.  Not for my sake. Not because I think he needs it. Because I want us to share this rejuvenation of spirit. I want us to be on the same band wagon. I want this to be a point of connection between us. This is the most important thing I've done in many years and despite this awesome community sometimes I feel very alone. ..He's a sports nut. I'm not. I could learn sports and cheer and be there with him and that would make him happy but it's not the same as if we shared sports as a common passion. I suppose for him it's like his favorite team winning the play offs and he looks around for someone to cheer with and it's just me with my obligatory high five *because I just don't give a shit who won.*. It doesn't ruin the win for him but the celebration is not the same as it could be if I were on the same wavelength. ..Maybe writing this and sharing will be enough to push past this feeling of sadness and isolation and his drinking will never bother me again. A lot of times "getting past" my issues work that way. I just want a key something to put down a wish that won't happen and leave it there. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have a drinking spouse.  She very frequently drinks two glasses of wine 3-6 days a week.  ..I deal with this by doing the [Baby Steps that I talk about in a lot of my newcomer posts.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  What I mean is this I make a deliberate daily decision that I am not drinking TODAY and alcohol all alcohol is out of my movie for the day no matter what.  Anyone else's decision to drink or not drink has NOTHING to do with me.  ..I admit that in a perfect world what I choose to do or not do should cue those around me to comply.  But not having the power to control others means I need to find the power within myself through my actions--to take alcohol out of the equation.  I do this with the daily decision not to drink then I live and let live.
&gt;  My husband drinks often but I don't think he's an alcoholic. I don't think he obsesses...Just my personal experience and opinion for me I'm a full blown highly functional alcoholic and I don't obsess as long as I'm not around it. In a dry house I'm fine. Different people's addictions effect and drive them in different ways. Your husband sounds a lot like myself in that while he doesn't obsess he obviously has an issue with moderation and self-control...To be quite honest 6-8 beers in one sitting even spaced thruout an entire evening is binge drinking. Even if you go days in between binges it's still most definitely a form of addiction and/or alcoholism...&gt; But I was shocked to find out this morning that I want him on this journey with me. Not for my sake. Not because I think he needs it. Because I want us to share this rejuvenation of spirit. I want us to be on the same band wagon. I want this to be a point of connection between us...The fact that you are willing to accept your own issues with alcohol and still let him have his fun time is quite commendable from the standpoint of being a supportive and amazing spouse... but you need to eventually put yourself your own disease and your health first... and honestly it appears that there is some sort of a conflict of interest when it boils down to it...I'm a sports nut too but I don't *need* alcohol to enjoy it. I'm a rabid sports fan and my heavy drinking (especially during game times) was destroying my ability to follow the game as closely. I was still "watching" the game aware of everything going on and enjoying it... but my brain wasn't processing and cataloging all of the information and player stats etc as much as it usually would...Good luck on this it's a very tough issue to handle for sure. This community is amazing stick around and keep us updated!.
I guess my first question is whether you've asked him to quit? Or at least tone it down a bit? Maybe his reaction won't be the negative one that you're anticipating...Statistically a lot of marriages don't survive sobriety -- folks get sober to save a dying marriage or sober up and realize they really have nothing in common anymore when drinking is taken out of the equation. You struggled with disconnectedness when you still had that drinking bond. Part of me wonders whether you might be grasping at the hope that the awesomeness of your sobriety experience might somehow strengthen a bond that you may just not have anymore....On the more pragmatic side would he be willing to take some of his drinking time and invest it in a sober activity that you can do as a couple to make memories? Does he know that you're feeling this disconnect/loneliness again?
