-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/303law/getting_sober_at_a_young_age/

 I am 21 years old a senior in college and I am coming up on my 1 year anniversary. ..When my mom first told me that she thought I had a drinking problem I thought she was crazy. She would take me to AA meetings and I would hear all these old men and women talk about how their drinking caused them to lose their kids their house their jobs and their marriages. I heard people talk about being homeless and I heard people talk about going to prison and rehabs. In AA they say "identify do not compare" but all I did was compare my life to theirs...When I was in my denial stage I would compare myself to the ex-cons and the homeless people at the meetings and say to myself "Well I am not *that* bad...I've never even been arrested!" And even once I finally came to terms with the fact that I *might* have a drinking problem I told myself that I was too young. I didn't have any kids husband or job to lose I was only in college. I knew that I couldn't be a mother a wife or keep a job without getting sober but I was only 20 so I might as well keep partying. I didn't need to get sober yet. I had nothing to lose. ..Boy am I glad that I snapped out of that. As a young person who is new to AA coming to their first meeting I can be REALLY tempting to compare and say that things have not gotten that bad or your life is not as horrible as that person sitting to the right of you but it doesn't matter. Some of us young people have only been drinking for 3 or 5 years we CANT have the same experience as a man who has been drinking for 20+ years. It's hard to relate to him and identify as an alcoholic if he is all we have to compare ourselves too. Identify with his story...look at what you two have in common don't just look at what you don't...So if you are new if you are young or if you are just stuck on comparisons remember...you don't have to lose everything...and don't you think you have lost enough?..EDIT: This post isn't only relevant to those getting sober at a young age it could be relevant to anyone who is struggling with identifying as an alcoholic and might be comparing themselves to others. I would change the title of this post if it were possible :)
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 23. You hit the nail on the head. And trust me just for the 3 years more I drank than you I sure as hell lost a lot. Alcohol is nothing to mess around with.
Keep it up I am 43 and trying to quit.
Your title fits like a glove -- folks your age (and yes any age )need to here this. And there may be just maybe one or two who need and want to hear your experience and put it to practice in their own lives.  ..That's all any of us do anyhow spread the seed of our experience strength and hope yet it is not up to us which ones take and grow.
[deleted]
I got sober at age 22 and I relate to your story.  I was a senior in college at the time and I recall that someone at a meeting questioned whether I was truly alcoholic because I was so young and to outward appearances my life wasn't "that bad".  ..In retrospect I am grateful for that judgemental asinine question because when he said that my stomach went cold with fear that I would have to drink again.  Though I hadn't much wreckage as compared to someone with a longer drinking career I was absolutely at my emotional bottom and was suicidal and desperate.  That person's question really threw it in my face and helped clarify for me that I did need help and did not want to keep going the way I was going...Plus it's nice to be 43 years old and have 21 years sober.
I love this post. I'm young and sober as well.."I didn't need to get sober yet. I had nothing to lose."."You don't have to lose everything...and don't you think you have lost enough?"..REALLY spot on analysis of some of the stuff I went through as well. Thanks for posting. And congrats on almost a year!
I got sober at 20. I'm 22 and a senior in college and happier than ever now!
I stopped drinking at age 22. I called my dad (who's been to rehab) and asked him if he wished he had stopped earlier. He said yes and now I'm 7 months sober. 
Great post! I'm in my early 30s and wish I had stuck around when I first attempted sobriety in my mid-20s. I did way too much "comparing" and didn't change people places and things and went right back to the bottle. Took me 5 years to come back...Keep up the good work!
I also got sober at a young age. Just a couple of months before my 22nd birthday I took my last drink. I'm 23 now so I don't have a lot of time but I can definitely relate to how you felt in your denial stage. My sponsor really likes to talk about "yet." Like when you say "I won't do THAT drug not THAT way" or "I haven't lost all of THOSE things" you should always add "yet" to the end of the sentence. It helps me remember that this disease isn't gone it's just dormant and it will stay that way contingent upon my maintenance of my spiritual health (whatever that means to me).
Good job on taking action early.  Most have to experience it the hard way and don't realize how bad their situation is until they are looking from the bottom up.  Alcohol is a dream killer.....
I'm also a senior in college and have been sober for 8 days. Despite withdrawals symptoms my head is starting to clear. One of the tough things about college in my opinion is that it's extremely easy to make excuses. You don't have the same responsibilities you do in the real world and for an alcoholic it's really easy to think "well everyone else is drinking." Things like hangovers blacking out etc. can also get glamorized.. But when I look back at the past couple years it's embarrassing to admit that my sole focus has been alcohol. I'm not entirely sure how it got to this point; as you said alcohol isn't something to mess around with. Anyway congrats and stay strong! :)
Thanks for sharing your story. I got sober at 25 and felt the same way. I had never been married never lost a job (yet) but I kept comparing myself to guys who were living on the streets. It was just my way of telling myself that I was different than all of you. When my head cleared I started to realize that by 25 I was a daily drinker with regular blackouts. Thanks again for inspiring the young folks!
