-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/304z23/wondering_if_i_can_get_some_words_of_encouragement/

Hey everyone I'm new to this subreddit but it's topic is very relevant to me. I've had a problem with drinking since about July 2014. Since then I've just about destroyed my relationship with my wife and gotten fired from my job (not directly related but I'm sure my drinking had something to do with it). I can't seem to stop wanting to drink. My poison is vodka and fruit juice. I was actually able to go for 48 days without drinking at all but have completely relapsed since then and have been right back to my old habits again. ..My wife is at her wits end with me and has been doing her best to try to prevent me from drinking by monitoring our finances and checking the receipts of all of my purchases but the restrictions just make me frustrated and upset. I'll get cash back from our debit card and buy more vodka with it knowing full well she's going to see the account and wonder where that money went. I'm just denying I  made the purchase and getting mad at her for questioning me.  To make matters worse by drinking at night and being on Adderall/Celexca for my ADD and depression/anxiety I keep falling asleep/passing out in the evening and am not awake to pick her up from work. Which has not only caused more problems between us but ends up being incredibly embarrassing for me and causes me to get all angry and defensive at her which has always been my irrational defense mechanism. ..I honestly feel so trapped right now and feel like I can't stop the drinking at all. Hell even as I am writing this out I've taken multiple sips of the cocktail on the counter behind me. ..I would really appreciate any words of encouragement or PMs right now. I have agreed to go to my first AA meeting on Thursday night but in the meantime I truly believe I still want to spend every waking moment drinking until then. 
----------immediate responses--------

Some words of encouragement - If you stop drinking right now this feeling you have can be your bottom. Your wife doesn't have to leave you you don't have to end up in the hospital (or worse) and you don't have to kill anyone (including yourself) while blacked out. And just speaking from personal experience you may be able to get off celexa (that was my SSRI) after some time sober. NOW here's the bad news. You're an alcoholic who needs real help. AA is a good place to start but you'll only quit drinking if you want to make the right decision and follow a plan....a plan which starts with complete abstinence from alcohol. It may not feel like it now but you are actually ahead of the curve....you KNOW you have a problem and you still have a place to live to sort that problem out. Now get to sorting. Stop making decisions while you're still drinking because they mean nothing to the people around you. Stop drinking today and don't drink tomorrow...or like many of us your world will crash down on top of you hard and it takes a long time to get back up. It's not too late! 
Welcome. Glad you've posted. They say it's darkest before the dawn. That meshes with my experience quitting too. From the sound of it you're just a few seconds away from the sunrise.....I'm not sure what it takes for someone to finally quit beating themselves from this. I know that for me it took seeing no other way out. I wish it wasn't the case that I could say that I cam to my senses or had some insight or forethought but that isn't how it went. Basically I drank until it was no longer an option...The great thing is that what I thought was going to be the end of my story - my quitting the one fun thing left in my life - was actually a brand new beginning. Life today is much more than just something to be endured - I get more enjoyment out of a day now than I ever did when I was drinking. I had no idea what my life was going to be like but I had wrongly assumed it would be awful. It's not - it's amazing. This is something that it's important for me to remember: I'm not very good at predicting my future self's attitudes...The thing that AA is going to tell you that you can start learning how to do now is to stop struggling and learn to let go. Trust this process and whatever it entails know that you're probably not very good at predicting your future self either so you might as well surrender. If you don't let go the saying goes you'll just get dragged until you do so don't be stubborn. If I had tried to see how things were going to go for me when I quit I would have undersold my life by a lot. Don't do the same with yours. Expect big things and they'll come to fruition. You can do this - if I can do it pretty much anyone can.
I encourage you to get some fucking help.
Don't drink for today. Maybe tomorrow but not today. 
[deleted]
