-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30gbnp/struggling_but_still_sober_seeking_strength/

Things have been rough to say the least. Work has been stressful as all hell. I miss my kid. I don't get said kid back til the weekend and it feels like forever til then. I can't tell if I'm going through withdrawal symptoms; I was drinking pretty heavily before I stopped a few days ago now. Normally I would still be out doing stuff with people but I came home early to wallow under the guise of "getting some stuff done". I haven't done much. I ate dinner and guzzled a club soda and wandered around my house a little before succumbing to my other vice reddit and ultimately found myself here again...This weekend I've agreed to go to an exhibit with a fellow I work with who is going through a divorce and has an energy about him that implies at least some interest in me. I'm hesitant to spend any non-work related time with him but agreed all the same. I tend to act on my emotions and make sexy mistakes. Usually ones fueled by alcohol. There is a work-related function to attend afterwards where my other coworkers will most certainly be consuming various (vast) quantities of alcohol. It'll be a trigger but it's a going away sort of thing for someone I actually care about so I plan to make a bit of an appearance before feigning some sort of sickness and ducking out early...I also spent a good chunk of time on the phone with my mother earlier cried and had her spill her guts back about how miserable she is and how awful she's doing. She's going through some medical problems (possibly contributed to by years of alcoholism herself) and is suffering greatly. I didn't feel much better after talking to her but claimed that I did...I really really want to drink right now. More so now than in the last few days. I want a frosty cold beer so badly I ache. It would be so easy. But I confided in another friend recently. And we're going to the gym again. So there's that...I don't know how you guys do it. Life is so stressful and hard. The reality of my problems and depression has hit me like a suffocating wall and I still don't want to deal with anything but now there's no drunken haze colouring my indifference. The guilt and shame and frustration and now anger seems to be overriding any and all positive emotions. I'm feeling really really down. And I don't know what to do. But I suppose not drinking through it is better than nothing.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Try to remember that you will feel much better tomorrow if you don't drink or maybe try to think back to any embarrassing or stupid things you have done under the influence. Every time I get the urge to drink I have plenty of dumb and embarrassing moments to use as ammo to stop me. 
I spent my first 6 months in nightly AA meetings and going to the gym. I did not go on dates and was not around alcohol. I believe this has helped me stay sober for almost 4 years. 
I couldn't have done it alone. It was way too much of a struggle. I lied to myself constantly. AA helped no end. Haven't had to drink in 21 years. One day at a time. I  still go still love the life A.A. has given me and there was a time I thought you'd be better off dead if you stopped drinking. Greatest gift ever. You are not alone. Search for **essentialsofrecovery**.
