-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30l9cr/50_days_in_and_im_really_struggling_with/

In the sober light of day its been really difficult for me not to get caught up in the shame and guilt of my addiction and Im really struggling to just accept 'me'. I don't like myself very much. Im trying to change a lot of things about myself at the moment but my mind is getting really sad lonely and depressed.. I am second guessing myself and cant help feeling like "what is the point??" ..In my drunken life ive done and said so many terrible things to so many people. Maybe Im just a bad person and being sober wont change anything. I don't know. I feel so overwhelmed...Im sorry for being a downer but I was wondering if this is 'normal' and just a phase? Maybe I need antidepressants? I really need to learn some coping skills to help me deal with stress. I have a tendency to over-react.  I want to change but im worried its just a character flaw and Ill never be able to control myself and my reactions. 
----------immediate responses--------

The point is: you don't know subjectively but OBJECTIVELY you see others who stopped drinking and their lives got supremely better as an incontrovertible result and you want that too.  That is unless you are not associating with other sober people.  ..On SD we can tell you (and if you scan the [Saturday Shares](http://is.gd/rsdss) link) see for yourself that our individual lives got better and in some cases spectacularly better.  If you are anything like me you want that too.  So how do I improve my subjective perception of the value of sobriety?  I run with those I want to be like--I create a network of sober peers and pals and we support one another.  That's what we do on r/stopdrinking but we can do it IRL by getting active in recovery...Finally 50 days into sobriety my emotions were all over the place.  So feeling as you do is NOT unusual.  Don't drink TODAY and it will get better.  
It took me a long time (and a lot of work) to feel any semblance of okay. AA has helped me deal with the shame and guilt of my drinking and taught me those coping skills. 
[deleted]
Yeh I'm not as far as you.  But everyday I recall sh*tty things I did.  I remember people I alienated contacts who could help me whom I've lost embarrassing behavior.  I figure all I can do about it is behave like the sober person that I am now.  I don't go to AA I just use this site.  But I think they have a thing about making reparations to those whom you've hurt.  Are you in AA?
Totally normal man.  I still get that way but it is improving for sure.  I just kept powering through the days telling myself that I'm still relatively new to sobriety and it's going to be a while before I stop feeling this way.  I kept dragging my ass to the gym tried not to eat like shit forced myself to socialize with healthy friends even when I wanted to curl up and away from the world and tried to explore new hobbies (chess drums comics).  It's getting better everyday.  I'm feeling more natural and like myself when I talk to people.  I'm enjoying and looking forward to meeting new people (have made several new friends in the past couple months just through being a bit more comfortable in my own skin).  ..It'll get better.  Just keep pushing forward and try to do right by your health in the meantime.  Let your mind and body heal itself.  
I had to do AA step work to rid myself of the feelings I carried about my past. I know it's not for everyone but it was the way for me. All I can say about my past is...that WAS me then living in addiction. This is me now in recovery. 2 different people. If you are the better person for long enough everyone(including you) will get over the past. If I dwell on the wreckage I created I am doomed to swim in it and my insanity will tell me that's a normal comfortable place to be. Sobriety isn't about making a more comfortable cage for ourselves...it's about opening the door to the cage and experiencing freedom for the first time. 
Give meditation a try.  You really need to try and forgive yourself. If that requires apologies or just writing out the problems you deal with do that.  It's not gonna be easy but you made a change for the better and you need to accept your past mistakes and move forward.  Good luck friend. 
Hey u/stopwining I've felt the exact same way. I actually just posted a thread with similar thoughts yesterday. However something that helps me is remembering that the point of life is to grow and learn. It's not to be perfect (doesn't exist) or successful (think of how many successful people are addicts/unhappy); it's about continually becoming better at being yourself! This is not meant as some trite cliche; I really mean it. If you make mistakes you have to suffer the consequences. But then you get to move on and be better; failures don't have to define you as a person. 
I very much relate to the feelings you describe.  My biggest struggle (even pre-alcohol) has been the voice in my head that criticizes me tells me I'm not good enough questions everything I do tells me there is no point to what I'm doing tells me I'm fundamentally bad and flawed etc.  The only relief I have found is through my new relationship with my higher power.  I developed that relationship by going to AA meetings nearly every day for four months; getting a sponsor; working though all 12 steps; and praying meditating and writing a gratitude list nearly every day.  I don't believe in a traditional God and am not religious but viewing myself though my higher power allows me to be okay with my past present and future and kind loving etc. to myself.  It has been magical.  I pray (i.e. tell my self) that I'm exactly where my higher power wants me to be right now.  When/if that really sinks in I'm able to accept the present moment believe that things are happening for a reason look for positive signs of the path set out for me and be grateful for where I am right now.  Without this shift in thinking I have no doubt that my usual way have thinking would have led me to relapse a long time ago.  With this shift in thinking I am starting to live in a new reality that doesn't make me want to escape into a bottle.  Best of luck to you 
