-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30npr8/its_been_five_days/

I'm fucking exhausted. Two jobs plus university plus hours of laying there at night before I finally drift off to dreamland. I'm worn out; as I write this I'm yawning and my head hurts from physical fatigue and trying to get through the day in some kind of alert fashion...I've also had no urge to drink like my old habits dictated. I still can't tell why that is except for that it feels like a light switch flipped. My routine used to be go to work or school get what I need done by 9pm and have tallboys at the ready for when I get home so I have a solid 3 hours of getting a hard buzz on before I go to bed...I am no longer home at 9pm. I'm at the gym till eleven most nights picking things up and putting them back down. Regardless of how tired I feel. After a heavy deadlift that makes me dizzy I can't help but look in the mirror and smile. I'm happy with me for the first time in a long time. It's non-negotiable. I don't feel afraid when I can't sleep I simply think of happy thoughts which sometimes pertain to pretty ladies. Why not? I know I'll sleep eventually...I've been through some crappy turns in life but that's okay and there are plenty of people here who can relate to pain. We all know what it feels like. For the people who are struggling or constantly second guessing their decisions I'm not a therapist or counselor. But I want you to think about what you think about when you are battling your urges. ..I'm happy I've made this choice. I own my past I own the decisions I've made and I own my current path and you know what? I feel I fucking deserve it. I also feel everyone else does and should feel that way too...Think of your choice as a journey to making decisions you enjoy again and how marvelous that would be because you really really want to. It's okay you drank and made bad decisions. You've made the hardest decision already. You've stopped doing so. Give yourselves the credit you deserve!!! Everyone here is a wonderful person in their own fashion even if they can't see it right now. It's time to start thinking you are exactly that. A person with something to give to someone some kind of mark to be made in your lifetime...I hope I don't come off as egotistical or arrogant that is the last thing I want to do. I'm simply proud of making a decision that has taken four years to make that was literally previously the most fearful part of my life. Drinking to shut off a part of me I couldn't control and it made me so afraid of facing it...Here I am now telling the old me.. fuck you for taking so long..Lastly thank you to all who lurk and post.. my accountability is with you and my well wishes hoping you all find your happy place!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I completely understand the feeling that someone flipped a switch. I honestly can't remember a time since I turned 21 and could drink that I haven't at least thought about it. But here I am! 
Glad to hear you've turned a corner. Keep up the good work.
High five
