-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30r4h9/monday_is_the_first_day_of_the_rest_of_my_life/

Today is that day that begin my struggle. I've battled alcoholism for the past 5 years of my life. More importantly the past 2 have been particularly aggressive. I've been depressed suicidal and completely misguided. The worst part is that I've literally never told anyone out loud. I don't know whether I'm embarrassed ashamed or both. ..As of today I will not have a sip of alcohol for the rest of my life. ..I'm hoping I can find motivation and guidance in this subreddit. I do not post much but I plan on doing so regularly. I look forward to beginning a dialogue. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Glad you're here.
Awesome! Remember take it one day at a time though. It makes the whole process a little less stressful.
I will join this endeavor with you. I got drunk this morning and I'm finally coming back down to the sober life. I am tired of this circular life I'm living right now. I always digress when I drink and have to move on. Day 1 starts for me tomorrow 
Awesome! I'm glad you've decided to join us. Welcome to the team.  ..You said you hoped to find some guidance so please permit me to interpret this as an invitation to offer some.  ..First deciding is great don't get me wrong but decision needs to be accompanied by action and right quick. I urge you to DO something and the first thing I suggest you do is get in touch with your doctor. Quitting booze comes with some pretty serious risks and I suggest you don't take them lightly.  ..You've already set upon the best course of action there is....you've reached out to others that have managed to accomplish the goal you've set for yourself. You don't have to be ashamed here or embarrassed. We've all done some sorry stuff in the past and a big part of a 12-Step program is repairing the wreckage in our wake...WHEN THE TIME IS RIGHT. You'll feel better about this down the line I promise you.  ..As far as suicidal is concerned many of us have been there as well myself included. Personally I found that alcohol was a big contributor to my depression rather than a solution to it.  ..Stick with uswe'll help you make it and you can help others as well. As valuable as this subreddit is I find I need face-to-face interaction with other alcoholics as a part of my recovery plan. I find mine through AA have you considered attending a meeting? There's usually plenty of them in every major city but even if there isn't one near you you can still Google a phone number to the nearest big center and talk with another alcoholic over the phone. Trust me you won't be bothering anyone. You'd be helping the other person with THEIR program by allowing them the chance to speak with you.  ..Just DO something that's the best guidance I can give you. Do some little thing then some other thing.  ..Heard in a meeting:  ..**"There's 3 birds on a wire. One decided to fly away.How many birds are on the wire now?  ..Three. Until that bird spreads his wings and lets go of the wire his decision is meaningless."**
Good luck.
I was right there with you about a week ago! The changes I have seen already are quite amazing. I too held it in and never reached out to anyone. Posting on here has helped me tremendously and reading other posts helps as well. You're not alone! Welcome!
I just want to emphasize what /u/PJMurphy said about seeing a doctor. Quitting alcohol cold turkey can be very dangerous and is best when done under supervision of a medical professional.
[deleted]
Be strong friend every sober days better than the last.
[deleted]
