-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/30vjnu/anxiety/

I mainly only have it after drinking. Resets yet to show up. My vision gets kind of blurry and things feel very unrealistic and I guess I feel like "I'm dying". ..After I drank I went through and deleted three weeks worth of posts on here. Paranoia maybe? Do any of you guys get unbearably anxious after drinking these days if you relapse? This never used to happen until I started going through really bad acute withdrawal a couple years ago. It seems to take a couple days before it levels itself out...I wasn't a light drinker at my low point and realize I've done some damage though. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think that's part of kindling. The physical and psychological withdraws get worse every time you drink...Are you trying to quit?
Yup...I had some massive anxiety for a few days after drinking...it was very uncomfortable...I had what I can only describe as a panic attack (a mild one I think)...All went away once I quit "priming the pump" with alcohol...haven't had a bout of EXTREME anxiety since...I still get nervous when talking to certain people or in groups...but that is normal healthy anxiety...not to be eradicated chemically but to be eliminated with practice and confidence..
Yes. I had terrible anxiety with every hangover. I've been consciously reinforcing the association of a drink with anxiety in my head. That makes me not want a drink at all because anxiety is about the worst feeling in the world to me. At this point I already see an enormous dropoff in anxiety and I hope it will go away completely. 
Yes and I get it really bad.  To me it is kind of an out of body experience and i have these irrational thoughts like having nightmares while awake.  I made my first real attempt to stop drinking and lasted 48 (or 45 - can't even remember now) days and the anxiety was way betternot totally gone but manageable.
I had terrible anxiety when I was still drinking. It was a trap that kept me drinking. If I had known that a few weeks of gritting it out would essentially eliminate acute anxiety from my life (which it absolutely did) I would have quit sooner. Just know that the anxiety is only heightened by the drinking even if it might not feel that way. Going to see a doctor and possibly getting a prescription for anti-anxiety mess could be a good call. The anxiety will pass though. Hang in there and keep posting.
