-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/310uuk/69/

Getting there. One day at at time...I feel like I've come so far that to turn back now would be terrifying. The idea of withdrawals again of kindling of destroying what I have left of my brain to save. ..I'm young. 23 I'll be 24 in a month. If I get out now- I think about it- imagine the life I could have. I could maybe be happy someday. Get out of debt. Never see the emergency room again except for actual emergencies like normal people...Sobriety has so many promises with it. You'll be able to get that promotion. Your boss will notice you're the only employee with no sick days. You'll get to the end of that Netflix binge and actually remember each episode...Really though I think that's the biggest one. You remember your life. Each and every day I know what I've done and realize whether or not I'm building myself up or tearing myself down. It's great to have a clear mind and work towards a solid goal...I feel fear going into the unknown. As long as I've been fully conscious I felt alone and went to drugs and alcohol for comfort. I'm going into the great uncharted territory of living life with the few vices I can still afford but facing my emotions full force. It's really freaking weird. ..Once the journey of sobriety has begun it's like departing the shore in a rowboat by yourself. Each day you complete is another stroke towards the sea. When I would relapse I had to turn back and destroy just as much as I put in to advance myself away from my old ways. Now 69 days out if I turned back... it'd be stupid. To keep going on with each day advances us towards a new shore a better life one not full of chaos and instead helping yourself and others. I'm not going back to that old land that I'm already 69 days out from...Anyways sorry for the preaching. Another sober day. Thanks friends...
----------immediate responses--------

Keep on rowing!
Congrats! I ENVY YEW. Wish I would've made the realization at 23!! At 23 I was up for several days drinking and partying this time of year no doubt not giving any fucks about sobriety.
I love seeing posts from other young 20 somethings in here. Man we've picked the perfect time to quit alcohol. We're in our prime and this is one of the biggest investments that we can make. I see a bunch of older fogies in here (ha ha love you guys) talking about wishing they did it younger. We're it man. ..&gt; You'll be able to get that promotion. Your boss will notice you're the only employee with no sick days. You'll get to the end of that Netflix binge and actually remember each episode...It's all true. Cheers to venturing into the unknown.
