-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3127vd/i_relapsed_last_night_am_now_beating_myself_up/

Damn. 83 days down the toilet...I'm feeling super guilty upset at myself mad just shitty in general. It was so stupid just a few beers is all I had. It wasn't worth it...God damnit. I suppose I should reset my badge...Any advice/words of encouragement are very appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

So you slipped -happens to the best of them. Now you know how disappointing you are in yourself and how nothing good came of taking a drink. Just look at it as another tool to use going forward. The next time you get the urge to drink just think back on how you feel today...Keep your head up. You made it 83 days that's nothing to laugh at. 
So hard but it's a waste of time to dwell on it. It's in the past time to move on taking it one day at a time. I'll join you on this Wednesday and not drink.
Its not the end of the world when we make mistakes we are supposed to learn something from it and move forward with that knowledge. 83 days is a great accomplishment! Don't waste time beating yourself up I have seen it said here before "Just because you fail a test in High School does not mean you have to go back to Kindergarten" I had 110 days and slipped tried the moderation thing up to 149 days and said F*** it reset my badge and began anew. You have choices. It is totally up to you how you treat your slip you evidently have learned something by this post. You are now free to move forward with a clearer vision of where you intend on heading. Keep your head up and keep posting! Best wishes for success!! 
Do you know why you relapsed? I ask because I seem to see mine coming at least a week in advance sometimes longer. Personally I still have to work on strategies when I see that happening. ..As far as 83 days down the toilet? I don't believe it. Maybe if this caused you to give up and turn away to never try again. You've given new habits 83 days to form 83 days of learning of new ways to think and approach life.  Those aren't wasted unless you choose to throw them away.  It doesn't sound like you're doing that.  Pick yourself up dust off and lets go again :)  I'm walking it with you. 
I had 261 days and went back out without a second thought. That relapse gave me the opportunity to see a problem- Alcohol was still one of my options as a way of relief from stress. I have learned since then to have MANY other options available to me. Now when I look at the path in front of me I can visualize several options every time a problem comes up. The hard work was getting my mind to a place where alcohol wasn't one of the options. I found if I live in a constant state of fear over things which I'm powerless I am always just a few wrong steps away from taking the path back to my demise. Visualize your life as a path. Alcohol is a path that takes us backwards often back over ground that already injured us. Move forward and take another path.
...April fools?..but f'real. What were you doing to stay sober before and what are you going to do to stay sober now?
Personally I think solitary and first relapses if just the one incident should be put in some kind of personal escrow. If you fuck up again fine beat yourself up but if not well it was a blip on a lifelong learning curve. Ha sounds like I'm giving myself a way out for a nights drinking :) I'm not.... Get back in the saddle CDC if that's where you want to be. Onwards and upwards!
It happens...The trick is to learn from it and to keep on trying. Don't give up don't ever give up! :)..I had 18 months in before my last relapse....and actually it helped me look at my alcohol issue from a different perspective. .
[deleted]
Not to encourage it but I kind of feel like everyone gets the first one free. Trying booze again and failing really drives home the point that stopping is the best option.
