-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/312m9p/social_anxiety_and_isolative_behavior/

I'm a pretty shy and reserved person.  Right now I'm working through moderate depression anxiety and some OCD.  I go to AA meetings almost daily but struggle to make good connections with people.  I know this is mostly my own doing for whatever reason I'm a very avoidant and do not open up to other people very well.  ..I usually share in meetings and get to talking with people about recovery but that's where it usually stops.  I'm not good at small talk and shooting the shit with others fellowshipping is usually an ongoing borderline panic attack for me crippling social anxiety.  I'm probably not very approachable because I usually look like I want it to rain fire from the sky and I'm too shy/insecure to approach others. ..At the same time I imagine a lot of this is all in my head and most people would not describe me as I've just done...I don't quite know what I'm trying to say but I'm struggling and I'd like to hear from anyone else who can relate.  I'm moving in two months and am pretty nervous if I don't reach out and socialize better I'll end up isolated and even more depressed when I move which if it gets bad enough will take me back to drinking.  Even lately a drink has started to seem like more and more of a good idea it instantly lifts my mood and I can talk to people once again.
----------immediate responses--------

My suggestions: (since you asked ;) ..1.  Instead of trying to appeal to the group - is there one person you kinda like and can relate to to go have coffee or ice cream or dinner?  ..2. Share this in a meeting.  Maybe others are feeling the same way and are also too shy to approach others. You could confess you'd really like to do things like xxxxx (insert your options) and hopefully someone else would like to do them too...3.  Do you like to hike/ walk or anything?  Do you have Meetups in your area?  I used to attend a lot of Meetup Hiking Groups when I relocated because I could be in a group the small talk was 'non-personal and non-invasive' - and I met people that often went out for lunch or coffee afterwards. ..I have a beautiful friend that has terrible (aka the 'crippling') social anxiety you describe.  Thankfully she eventually confessed this to me - and it was only then that I better understood how hard it was for her.  Once I knew this I made better efforts to reach out and include her in things...Sometimes we don't understand that it IS social anxiety.  .But hearing it might motivate a few people to want to help you by taking greater steps to get to know you. ..Hang in there!     ..
I can totally relate. I was crushed with anxiety and depression early in sobriety. I couldn't talk to anyone. Little by little I talked to people shared got a sponsor. I have a couple of years now and I am so much better. We are not unique. Reach out and tell someone I'm sure they can relate
I tried this - I called a sober friend to meet me one-on-one for coffee or burgers or such and said "I'd like to talk about X."  That way I could limit the conversation about the subject I had prepared myself to discuss rather than attempt to engage in free-form social interaction which could cause me to freeze up mid-conversation...Drinking will not solve anything.  If anything it will exacerbate the problem because it will reinforce the idea in your head that you can't do this without an intoxicant.  ..You can do this.  Just take it in small doses.  Nobody especially others in recovery expect you to be a butterfly coming out of a social cocoon.  Time and space.  You need it we all need it.  Accept your limitations and you will be surprised at how easily others accept it too.
If you're like me whatever underlying issue that lead you to seek comfort in alcohol is still there waiting to be dealt with...Some folks seem to think the steps help with that but for me therapy and meditation has been much more useful.
