-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31dosz/relapse/

I've been alcohol free since February 18th.. Until Wednesday when I had 1 beer (and only the one beer on Wednesday I have not had anything since then). I know that may not seem like a big deal but I think it might be a bigger deal than I realize. I've been trying to figure out how my mind tricked me into doing this after all I've been through the last month and a half (almost all positive). How could I let myself trick myself into thinking it is "just a beer". I thought I knew that I'm incapable of regulating my drinking in a responsible way. I'm not guilt tripping myself I'm just curious as to how it happened and how to prevent it again. I feel like a lot of this is happening on a subconscious level and I'm not really in control which scares me. It's one beer at a bar but I really wanted to go 3 months 100% clean (short term goal) and that is not possible now. 98% or whatever isn't bad but it's a disappointing stain on progress. I have to remember not to be overly black and white about this process because I know that's not the point. Anyway thanks for letting me vent and any insight you might have with a minor (or significant) relapse incident and how you fared afterword and learned.. will be appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I really wanted to go 3 months 100% clean (short term goal) and that is not possible now. ..Sure it is. Start over today. 
This happens to folks here myself included... went 110 days and then on New Years Eve of all things I drank. Spent the next month on the so called "moderation" jag and got fed up with it all. For me at this point I'm gaining ground more determined and I think what I learned when it comes to the "Beast we all take it "one day at a time" but depending on the circumstance it may well be "one moment at a time". I choose consciously not to drink and realize that if one lets down their guard it only takes one second to find yourself on the other side of the fence. 2 weeks under my belt feels great and not drinking today. Staying the path.
&gt; it might be a bigger deal than I realize...Very smart to have this perspective. It's not so much the one beer as what it means. What it might mean is that the program that you were doing--that got you about 6 weeks of not drinking--that program needs to change. That's not a bad realization--you've had some success--6 weeks!--but now it's time to up your game...What does it mean to you to improve your game? What have you been doing for your non-drinking plan? And what could you add to that plan or change? For example why did you find yourself at a bar in early sobriety? What choices did you make that placed you there and what choices did you make while you were there?..The problem with one beer--at least for me--is that not having drunk for a while your reptile brain might tell you *Hey one beer! No problem. As long as you drink just one beer... OK maybe two... you're OK. Proved it just now.* It just makes it easier to have a beer or three... in a few days. And then a few more and that's how it goes until we're back at square zero. *That's* the problem with one beer. ..So--what are you thoughts about your current plan and what might need to change?
The most important thing is that this slip did not fool you into thinking that you can moderate. You came here because you want to stop drinking. Take this experience and learn from it. What are you going to do differently to ensure you don't do this in the future? Don't beat yourself up. The guilt and shame serve a purpose. ((Hugs to you)) 
I had a similar thing. I had gone almost a month and then I had two beers last week. I didn't really feel bad about it - a little bummed I lost my streak - but I considered it a success that I only had two didn't turn it into a whole night of drinking and then got right back to it the next day. I also like you knew not to let this turn into a "I'm cured of drinking problems! I can now moderate!" - I knew not to let myself fall into that trap...To be honest the only thing I reset was my badge on the sub. I got on the chat here too and I have two badges on there one for "positive changes" where I'm currently at 37 days and one for 'sobriety' which is 9...But on my own calendar at home I still go by my original date. I don't consider those two beers a 'reset' and I think if I did and I told myself I had to go back to day 1 it would have been way too discouraging. ..It's up to you how you want to want to handle it. I knew I wanted to have that as a one day stumble and to *keep going* not to "start over". 
