-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/31is2k/relapse_observation/

I have been actively reading this sub for over two years now. Note my days doesn't correspond with this. I have had reset my badge more than I could count. Anyways just a quick observation. I have NEVER read a post by somebody who attempted to drink again and was happy about it. The only good thing people say about attempting to drink again is that they learned a lesson. So my unscientific observation if you slip up and have a drink you have a 99.9% chance failing.
----------immediate responses--------

Well if someone slipped up and was happy about it they wouldn't post it in this sub. 
In my case 99.99%. 
Are you still running? 
There's a quote that's stuck with me in the past: No one has ever regretted quitting drinking. It keeps me going when I feel weak.
There's an older gentleman who I see at meetings.  He's a straightforward guy no bible talk and claims to have stayed sober for 18 years simply by attending meetings.  Every week he says the same thing:  "I've been sober 18 plus years but if any of you go out there and find out it's better than the last time please let me know I'll be the first one running to the bar."..It's been close to two decades and he's only heard bad reviews.
Agreed! Well put :)
Those that drank and enjoyed it are still out drinking. It might work for some people for a while but eventually they will come back because as alcoholics we can't drink like normal people. 
You might want to look at why you have to keep resetting your badge. What could you do differently? For me I started going to meetings got a sponsor and worked the steps. 
This is always worth remembering thanks for the reminder.
What do people think about the word "slip"? I've always been taught a relapse is long in the making. A slip makes it seem accidental. 
[deleted]
**if there is no recovery it's not a relapse it's just starting drinking again**...I've done the *just not drinking* thing without recovery and drank again...I'm doing the *recovery* thing this time through....JeeazOflipppian! All those wasted years! I didn't know what I didn't know!...I had to go through what I had to go through to become willing to do what I never wanted to do and get to a place where I'm happy to do it....Sobriety is worth my life.
a few years ago I didn't drink for 12 months when I started it was fun for a while again. The Effect was different my neural response was like a memory from drinking when I was 16 but it quickly faded and it just became this depressing thing again soon. Maybe you can do it in a very controlled way but at that point it's maybe easier to just keep not drinking. It didn't work for me in a cheat style way anyway.
I have had a relapse moment in my past and the next day I was so full of regret and shame I didn't leave my own house for the entire weekend. I do remember sitting there the night of the relapse punishing my taste buds as I drank awful vodka and thinking to myself "when did I ever consider this fun? I'm just bored and now I can't see straight." I am glad that I wasn't able to enjoy the drunk at all and it just serves as another bad memory I had with alcohol. 
