-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3232ov/earned_my_badge_and_im_gonna_use_it_almost_7/

This is my second time posting on Reddit and first time posting about my alcoholism -- I've been scared to even call it that...My last drunk night was back in February after a big snow storm and my sister's baby shower and it's not even a good story.  I wouldn't call it a breaking point.  I was always a good friend to alcohol calling on her when I needed her.  On this day in February champagne lunch turned into cocktails at dinner turned into a night drinking beers at a concert.  But I've had far worse nights that concluded in far more dangerous traumatizing outcomes.  I've used drugs been raped passed out got in fights woke up with bruises blacked out ruined relationships almost lit the house on fire passed out on the floor with a room filled with smoke vomited for hours...alcohol has helped me self-destruct for years...Since being sober one of the biggest lessons I've learned is to come to terms with my social anxiety and face it head on rather than drown the nerves.  It's tough but at the end of the day I'd rather feel slightly awkward drinking water realize no one even cares than wake up with a hangover and hate myself for drinking too much again.  I was scared to live through all of the situations that made me feel overstimulated: parties concerts weddings restaurants bars dates meeting new people -- and guess what??  I did Every.  Single.  One.  Of those things in the last 6 weeks completely sober.  Every time I conquered an event I once feared I felt *incredibly* proud of myself.  ..I've turned to yoga and meditation in the past to help me and they are coming in handy now.  Being honest and open about it is helping too.  I'm navigating this new world every day with fresh eyes.  It's a gigantic blessing to have a second chance and this clear view on the world.  I sometimes feel like people don't take me seriously for quitting and I'm practicing moving away from entertaining those friendships.  But largely the reaction has been incredibly supportive and understanding.  I don't know what I expected but that wasn't it...My mental capacity is coming back my memory is lengthening and I feel more confident than ever.  Losing 10 lbs doesn't hurt either.  If this is how I feel after only 2 months I can't wait to see what the future holds...Mostly though I learned that it's okay to have an army on your side.  It's okay to reach OUT for help and strength if you are struggling to find it within.  I feared that speaking out and seeking support would fill me with a sense of failure but instead I have entered into a community that celebrates how great it is to have our lives back and helps one other deal with obstacles that test us in many ways.  I haven't had a day of craving since I quit but I know that day will come and I am thankful that I now have *this* army on my side...I want to be there for others and provide support to people going through the difficult transition to sobriety so I'm choosing to become a more active member of Reddit and this sub.  I know this wasn't the best written thing I've ever put down but I just wanted to share and say thanks to everyone for constantly being open and lending compassionate ears and warm hearts.  Your words mean so much to so many people.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your share. I just hit my first real nasty feels day and so I am really taking heart reading all the positive shares today. 7 weeks is so cool! I want to try regular yoga soon when I get a job :)
&gt; I know this wasn't the best written thing I've ever put down..Allow me to disagree that was a lovely and well written post. I identified with so many things in it I don't even know where to start. Thank you so much for sharing.
7 weeks is great. I'm at a few days myself. Im a pretty introverted person and drinking has been one of my crutches. Thanks for the inspiration. 
Amazing. Congratulations! Thank you for sharing your positive experience it is very heartening to read. You sound like you're in a much happier and more grounded place. 
WooT!
Congrats on your success. You and I have very similar stories and day counts. ..Keep it up!
