-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/323k4a/sober_since_1995_relapsed_last_year_1_week_after/

Done the AA thing I respect it but feels kinda preachy to me.Spent 1 year in 95 in VA rehabwhich saved me but that is not an option now. Bills to pay yah know. Functioning but sliding back 1 yr ago was 210 lbs now 155. When drinking have zero appetite. 6'4 btw yes i look like a twig now. :( 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
There are people who post here who went on welfare in order to be able to go to rehab and save their lives.  There are always options. 
First I think you should call whoever prescribed the medication and tell them what is happening. It seems to have been harmful not helpful. Antidepressant prescription seems to be guesswork - they try one drug and if it doesn't work they try another they adjust the dosage...That much weight loss sounds alarming. I hear you about the bills to pay that's the world we have to live in. But how much longer are you going to be able to work if this goes on? 
Get help now any way you can.  The bills aren't going to get paid if you keep on drinking...Sounds like you need serious medical intervention.  Call now.  Otherwise the "preachy" shit is going to happen when you can no longer hear it.    
Similar story here: 3 years without a drop of booze prescribed prozac 1.5 years ago and BOOM drinking a 12 pack per night. Not sure why but I'm only now getting back on track (and unmedicated; I'll tackle that after I get the booze under control)...See your prescribing doctor and tell them what happened. My doctor screened me for a mood disorder since some ADs can trigger that in some patients. 
My AA stresses on the God part being whatever greater power is out of your control that is up to you to decide. There are infinitely greater things as far as humans can see that are out of our control no denying that! Sometimes you need the preachy but right now you sound like a medical case but that's just me. My suggestion is to go into rehab yo. /internethug YOU GOT THIS
So "bills to pay" is more important than your life?  ..Are you willing to go to any lengths?  Or just what doesn't inconvenience your financial situation?..Maybe all you need is an attitude adjustment coupled with appropriate action.  Hmmm those all start with A's.  
What are you willing to do? Are you seeking help in any other way? Have you considered in patient rehab?..What are your thoughts on recovery outside of AA?
Try [Smart recovery](http://www.smartrecovery.org/). Less preachy and I find it very helpful. One of the things they say is "If you're driving from NY to LA and get a flat tire in Denver you don't go all the way back to NY and get your tire fixed and start over. You just get your tire patched and continue on your way." This is your flat tire. Get it fixed. Don't allow yourself to go all the way back to NY.
&gt; Bills to pay yah know...I don't want to sound harsh but when you're dead or totally insane money doesn't help very much. As an ex-addict this is obvious to me now...I guess to detox safely from 5-bottles of poison a day you need to be in a medical setting. What's less clear is what to do after that. It is necessary to make a plan to save yourself that doesn't include becoming addicted to *any* substances at all - including pharmaceutical poisons. Why?..Because contrary to what the pharmaceutical peddlers are saying *drugs don't help.* None of them. Not the ones that are legal nor those that are illegal. All they can do is mask the symptoms of your problem for a few hours while the *cause of the symptoms* remains unaddressed and festering. And of course when the drugs leave your system your circumstances are more horrible than ever. (I know from doing extensive research on myself.)..I think it's time to consider doing something really radical get to the bottom of it once and for all and learn to live a sane and happy life the way we are all meant to live. This is what I'm doing for myself and it's working far better than drugs.
What helped you quit before bud? 
Intensive Outpatient helped me. Three days a week after work. Lots of co-pays but was lucky enough to have insurance...Good luck. When I picked up after 10 years w/o it was off to the races. Self medicating got me through the night but the next day the anxiety was so much worse. I had to break that cycle.
What pills are you on? Some pills can have serious side effects if mixed with alcohol you need to consult your doctor right away. If it's citalopram I was on them and my drinking increased you might want to look at getting your medication changed. 
Hey man - I first sobered up in 1994 made it 16.5 years doing the AA thing before relapsing and I totally get where you're coming from about not wanting to go back.  ..I went back and it was cool to see some old friends and get support for not drinking but it just didn't fit with my life now.  I'm not sure how to describe it because I've got nothing but love for AA but I just couldn't bring myself to dive back in 100%...Some people on this subreddit pointed out the books on the sidebar.  I bought the Allen Carr "Easy Way to Control Alcohol" book and started reading it.  I thought it was cool - it's not really preachy or patronizing.  I thought it actually did a good job of explaining the situation and how we do have power over our drinking (something AA doesn't believe).  It read like I was having an adult conversation instead of being talked down to like a child...There are plenty of other programs out there and books to help you keep from drinking if that's what you want.  I personally found that some of my AA stuff helped me get to a point where I really wanted to quit drinking.  You've likely heard the phrase "I was sick and tired of being sick and tired".  Well it's true and I was totally depressed with no excitement for the future or anything like that.  Life was just one long boring ride where all I looked forward to was drinking...In the midst of that depression one thought really rang true to me and that thought was "Man I know I've been happier in life than I am right now.  I think the thing I crave to make me feel better alcohol is actually the cause of all of this."  I had to be honest with myself that alcohol was no longer "harmless fun" that while it may make me feel fantastic for a short period of time it seems to cause way more times of feeling like shit.  Once I started to see that clearly I didn't want to invest anymore time in drinking.....it just started to become boring to me and I asked myself "Why am I still drinking if I'm experiencing the same things over and over and over and over and over again?  Why not just set it aside and enjoy life?"..So here I am now at 100 days and life is nothing like it was but at the same time it's exactly like it was.  Most days I feel better than I did back in December.  I'm interested and excited about life again. I'm looking forward to accomplishing things in my life and all that.  I don't fight the not drinking I just don't want to drink.  ..I also haven't been to AA once in these 100 days and I'm beyond thrilled that I found this subreddit because the people and resources here have really helped me...Hang in there - there is hope there is a way to get and stay sober if you want to.  In fact there are many ways!! YAY!! :)  That's something we don't hear about in AA and for me that was VERY good news.
Have you tried a different anti depressant? 
[deleted]
Get help. See a doctor be honest with him/her. AA meetings are free and plentiful. Some meetings are preachy some are not. My advice is to try them all and keep going back to the ones you like best. (Or hate least.) There are other support groups and there are other medical detox options that aren't inpatient. You know you can't live like this you also know you can live without it. No excuses take advantage of any help you can to get over the hump. 
What kind of damage to your body does 5 bottles of vodka a week achieve?  Here I'm worried because I had been drinking liquor a couple times a week.  This seems brutal.
6 months ago I was having suicidal thoughts. I was put on benzo's SSRI and Zopiclone. ..I felt physical withdrawal from the benzo's after 2 weeks. The SSRI medication stifled all emotional response and I (in my great shame) started to abuse the zopiclone. ...So I fucking manned up started to actually WORK the program got off all the drugs and use running instead of medication. It is possible to get out of that fucking mess of pharmatoxicology. I was suggested the psyche ward as well. Didn't go. I work AA like a motherfucker and it seems to be working for my drinkin' and thinkin'.
Have you read Allen Carr's book?
&gt; Done the AA thing I respect it but feels kinda preachy to me...Mate I've got to give you some tough love here...Who the fuck cares?   Are you looking for a more palatable flavor of medicine?..Do you care what color your life preserver is if you're drowning?..Action my friend.  You know it as well as I.  Get your feet moving towards a meeting or get to a re-hab facility....You're no newbie you know what's up and you know what you have to do.
Do a google search for.SSRI and alcohol craving side effects.You may or may not be shocked...It is hugely under reported (IMO) that a well known side effect of many SSRI drugs is blood sugar issues known in many cases to show up as alcohol cravings. Big Pharmas answer to this horror is to put a warning in very small print that it is bad to drink on these drugs.
A good psychologist if you can afford it will help you loads with this.  AA is great for some but doesn't "work" for everyone -- and that is okay.  Good thing is that you were sober for many many years so you know that a better life is accessible to you.  If you're up to 5 bottles of vodka a week you might have serious withdrawals if you cut cold turkey so seek medical assistant when you stop.  Be honest with your provider and get those anti-depressants altered so they start working for you -- that's their job...Know that you haven't failed.  Take a deep breath and one thing at a time.  Glad you have reached out here.  If you need help I am here for you.
I just got out of rehab after a similarly heavy relapse. My recommendation is to at least give rehab some consideration while you're open to drastic measures. It's clear that you need help as all addicts do. Rehab worked for me and I know it can probably work for you too.
1. Fuck your bills.2. Your life is more important man. 
You need professional now or you are going to end up very sick.
Fuck it sounds preachy?  Good call holding out. I would rather die than be near a preachy person. You'll be dead one day and they'll feel soooo bad. Way to teach them a  lesson.  
