-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/328xlm/how_i_ended_up_in_aa/

Nothing is ever perfect...It took me forever to get in the mindset that AA could actually help me. I have never really been one to talk about god or a higher power. It took me until about the age of 20 to finally be comfortable rejecting the notion of a christian god...or any god for that matter. I wasn't raised religious but my parents were and they would occasionally teach me things about the christian religion when I asked or when they were explaining holidays like Christmas or Easter... I could tell they wanted me to believe but they also understood the importance of me deciding on my own. I can remember the day I told my mom that I don't really believe in god or an afterlife... or rather that I just had accepted the fact that every religion is solely based on faith (and mostly blind faith) which I just don't have or seem to think is an illogical way of thinking. She seemed...distraught. Not angry. Just...disappointed. I could tell she was blaming herself which hurt more than anything else. I was able to soften the blow by explaining my reasoning...which I won't go into (its too long and I'm not trying to change anyone's views on religion). I don't bash people for believing in anything. In fact I am often envious of people with faith. They seem happier less afraid and less lonely. If in the end all of this doesn't matter then who gives a shit if you were wrong and believed in something that didn't exist. You aren't there to care..So how did I end up in AA?..I went to a meeting around a year ago... I was finally classifying myself as an alcoholic and doing this on my own just wasn't working. I could string a few sober days or weeks together but I would always end up drinking a bottle of bourbon watching Netflix in my underwear. I went to a "beginners" meeting which seemed to be appropriate and which I now think is a really dumb idea for a first meeting. Anyway...I fucking hated it. Despised it. Felt weird. Felt awkward. They actually asked me not to share because it was my first meeting. I was pissed...All I wanted to do was talk about it. There was one person that seemed to be like a judge. Mother fucker had a gavel kept talking about god and called the meeting to order like it was a fucking town meeting. I sat there and listened to other peoples stories. Related to them somewhat but a lot of the people were older and had let alcohol fuck up their lives way more than I had. Lost jobs. Ruined Relationships. Been to Prison. Crashed Cars. They also wouldn't shut up about God. God this. God that. God saved me. Gods plan. God God God. They weren't like me. I was just some kid who was tired of waking up everyday hungover and wanted to stop making bad decisions like getting into fights passing out at parties getting an AI's and sleeping with fat chicks. Alcohol wasn't ruining my life like it was with these people. It was just a minor inconvenience by comparison. "I'm not an Alcoholic...I just have a problem controlling myself."..Fast forward about a year. Drinking has become a daily thing. I was now one of these people. Alcohol was a daily ~~occurrence~~ need. I needed it to function. I needed it to sleep. I needed it to talk to girls. I needed it to relax. I needed it to keep my sanity. And it was causing problems. Reduced output at work. Anxiety. Panic Attacks. Extremely fucked up nights out where I often wouldn't make it home and would wake up in random apartments with strangers or on a park bench. Drunk driving became trivial...which still scares me. I couldn't stop drinking. There was no doubt. I was no longer just "classifying" myself as an alcoholic. I was an alcoholic..At this point I rejoined this community. /r/stopdrinking not AA. You all have helped me more than words can describe. One day I posted about a relapse and some one responded that one of my triggers seemed to be loneliness. Haha no shit. I already knew that but I don't have a lot of friends because its really hard to be friends with a drunk and if you are friends with a drunk... you probably enjoy drinking too and suddenly I become less fun to hangout with when I'm trying to be sober. Anyway He/She then recommended AA to remedy loneliness. Oh here we go again. Another AA pusher. But for some reason I couldn't get the comment out of my head because... I was lonely. I did drink to stop being lonely...Over the next few days I researched AA. I found a movie called "My name is Bill W." which is about the founder of AA and his struggle to get sober. It's really cool to watch because nonalcoholics seem to sympathize/relate with the wife and alcoholics like me sympathize with Bill. I was really surprised to find out that Bill wasn't religious at all. He was like me. He didn't really care for the concept of a god but was able to accept the fact that he might not be the biggest thing in the universe. He believed that simply talking with other alcoholics about alcoholism was how people remained sober. Non Alcoholics just don't understand. They don't get it because they haven't experienced it. To them... you are just whining. "You are throwing yourself a pity party." My mom fucking said that to me after I was trying to talk about how I felt after a week of sobriety. Her father was an alcoholic! And she watched my fathers dad struggle to get sober. She had grown up and experienced alcoholism in her own family but she still doesn't understand. She has no idea how fucked your mind gets when its on or coming off of booze because she doesn't abuse it. I needed to vent to alcoholics. So I went back to AA. Picked a different meeting and had the exact opposite experience. The crowd was younger like me. They didn't really talk about god like me. They had problems like me. They had thoughts like me. They understood. They got it. I wasn't whining to them. I was being strong. I was being brave. I was battling one of the most difficult things in my life. I was trying to save my life. After the meeting it seemed like everyone wanted to talk to me a bit. Not in a weird creepy way but like a caring "what are you here for?" way. It was like walking into a group of instant friends who care about you and have the same goals as you. They actually invited me to a group get together the next day which probably saved me from drinking. (I texted my best friend about hanging out. He responded with "oh. I already made plans to go out drinking with ****. Sorry. You are welcome to come if you want but I understand if you don't.")..Now... not every meeting is good. Not every meeting is perfect. I actually had a bad meeting last night. Everyone is hounding me about getting a sponsor to work the steps with and it's getting frustrating trying to explain why I haven't. I'm not drinking nor do I desire to drink and I kinda want to take my time...It's gonna happen eventually but I don't see the point in rushing into everything when I don't feel ready or a particularly strong connection to anyone with a decent amount of sobriety. Oh and I got my one month chip...or so I thought. I got home and realized they had given me a 24 hour one by mistake. One bad meeting. That's all it is. The next one might be better or it could be worse. Who knows but I am going because for some reason. It helps...TL;DR: I finally figured out why AA can work for me despite not being religious. People in AA understand what I'm  going through and talking about my struggles in a judgment free zone where everyone understands make sobriety easier...and honestly better. I've been going for a month and god hasn't been pushed down my throat once. Although...getting a sponsor is staring to be. Some meetings are good. Some are bad. Don't make judgments based on one meeting. Alcoholics come in all shapes sizes and colors. They all have different backgrounds and experiences but nothing I say is gonna seem weird to them and that aspect alone is nice...Edit: Paragraphs
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome. And hey here's a translated non religious version of the 12 steps I've found to be helpful...Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head..Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers.so I'll ask for help..Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given..Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life..Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others..Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life..Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal..Step 8: List everyone I have hurt..Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm..Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors..Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people..Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me.
I too was an underwear drinker. You are in good company friend!
So do you have to do the 12 steps and stuff? What if you just keep coming for the company of sober folk? Do you get kicked out of are you like a lesser AAer? ..I'm asking because the formality of the whole thing always threw me off but I like the idea of being around sober people sharing experiences (which is why I love this subreddit so much). 
