-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32ay73/closet_drinker_looking_for_some_advice/

Throwaway b/c a few folks irl probably know my main account. I'll try to keep this as short as I can I hate wall-of-text posts...The short version: It's been about three years since I started drinking for non-social reasons. I drink only at night. My parents know (but not the extent) and a roommate may or may not. After realizing that I've been experiencing withdrawal symptoms I've finally accepted this is a problem...Hi my name is... nope I'm not doing that. But here's the deal: I've been drinking and I want to stop. When I started I told myself that it was so I could sleep (medication made it hard to fall asleep). However before this I remember a few days when I really just wanted to skip ahead to the part where I could crack open a beer and play video games. Next I told myself it was because I was bored (ignoring the obvious cause and effect). Life has actually got better and more interesting lately so that excuse didn't hold anymore. Now I've told myself it's simply habit and I'm doing it to avoid withdrawal. Which of course doesn't excuse the amount of consumption I've kept up...A quick google search just told me that the "second hangover" as I've been calling it is in fact withdrawal symptoms. Eyelid and muscle twitches along with headache mostly. I even told myself I was drinking to avoid withdrawal yet I didn't realize I had already experienced it a number of times before. ..Anyways now that I realize this I'm feeling more serious than ever about quitting. About a year ago I stopped for three weeks and alcohol didn't even really cross my mind after week one (until relapse). I've had a few other occasions like this as well. I can and do drink socially without feeling like I need to drink till I'm wasted. Yet drinking at the end of the day seems comforting easy. Is this normal?..Anyways I'm looking for some advice. I keep telling myself I can and will stop just not today. If anyone can relate let me know what helped you to finally quit for good.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Is this normal?..Do you mean normal for someone with a drinking problem? Yes. I was able to drink reasonably in social and business situations. I own a company and I can comfortably say that my employees have never seen me drunk not at any of our social gatherings (holiday party BBQs and others) or casually. I rarely drank at all in business situations such as a dinner meeting. ..But after the event same evening I'd cut loose. ..I've been doing this a lot lately but how about taking a 30-day challenge to see what's what with you? It might clear out one huge set of complications and help you figure out what else you're dealing with. You'll figure out if it's hard for you to stop which is important information. Plus how you sleep feel and function without alcohol in your system. But it has to be 30 days no drinking at all. 60 or 90 days would be even better...At the end of 30 days assess. Then decide what's next for you. If you decide to do this I suggest you embrace it completely. By this I mean take advantage of not drinking at night by doing something *other* than simply not drinking. Hit the gym go for a run pick up a neglected hobby or a new one go to a play--something different so you get a sense of how life *can be* different. ..What do you think?
I was physically addicted and toward the end of my run I was seriously just drinking not to feel bad.  I would dry heave shake and sweat.  I was so ready to stop the madness but so afraid to go through a complete withdrawal.  I sought help at a local clinic where I was given a course of benzos for three days to safely and comfortably get through it...it worked.
I remember my first time experiencing legit physical withdrawal symptoms. I had been laid off from work for 6 months and as soon as I got my first paycheck I just got hammered for a week straight...Prior to that my drinking had never seriously affected my life (it was affecting me but not to the extent that it has since then) and I should have recognized then that I had a problem that needed addressed...I didn't address it and 5 years later I'm trying to pick up the pieces of my life after going completely off the deep end. I have trouble getting through an entire work day without having a drink now...I highly recommend snuffing this problem out before it gets out of hand if you think you might have a problem.
If you're not up for AA how about other support groups? Fwiw- I find it easier to maintain sobriety if I have others to lean on and relate with. 
