-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32ckri/what_i_have_learned_at_the_90_day_mark/

The people who don't drink or drink every now and then are apparently doing way better (financially at least)  than those who regularly over do it..Family and friends who have lots of drink in the house often buy it because we are visiting and rarely drink it themselves..I look better and slimmer..I feel more confident..I can't think of an upside to drinking..Any struggles physical or emotional have all but gone..I am a non drinker.
----------immediate responses--------

i'm due at 90 days soon :) ..the amount of money i've saved by not drinking makes me very happy .. and also the bit of weight i've lost. ..definitely pros of leading a healthier lifestyle!  congrats on 90 days!!
Awesome! I'm noticing my alcohol-ravaged body starting to come together too. Can't wait until 90!
[deleted]
Congrats on your 90 days and many more to come! 
This is awesome! Congrats! 
AWESOME!
Congrats on the 90 days...All you lucky buggers losing weight ! I'm going the opposite direction I've put on 5 lbs. At least it's gone to my gut I think my face looks less swollen. 
Thanks for all the kind comments and thanks for this community that has been key in helping me to make this life changing decision. Oh and I have only just started to lose the weight as I'm still enjoying the  ice cream and sweets. 
I'm at 99 days...I've lost 10 pounds....but I'm still eating really bad lol...but my financial stability has been great...still adjusting to making friends without the drinking...in due time I guess...to another 3 months 
Congrats btw!!!!
I've lost weight and saved money. 
Yay Miss Non-Drinker! Excellent observation there. I try not to look backwards at the time I've squandered towards my future (financially) and instead working on what I can today...I'm super proud of you! Thank you so much for being here on SD....you provide such balanced  thoughtful and insightful comments. :-) Congrats on the 90!
Congrats on 90 days that's a big milestone.
I certainly don't mean to be a wet blanket and I am not an expert just another guy with a problem but.... I was right around 90 days and in an early recovery out patient addiction recovery program and feeling great when the doctor said what I was experiencing was a Pink Cloud. I vividly recall how annoyed I was at the notion that this great feeling was somehow risky. I'm happy that you're feeling good just stay vigilante and recognize that this might be a peak to a valley..Again I am not an expert just relating that it can really be a wild ride.
I don't look any better which confuses me but I do enjoy not showing up to work hungover and living a decent life. 
