-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32ehga/well_hell/

I quit drinking because drinking wasn't helping me deal with what wasn't right in my life. Because it was destroying my health. ..I've been thinking about drinking for the last well I hadn't stopped thinking about it but in the last month it's been more teeth-grittingly on my mind. ..Hey hold on to that thought brain. Just let it pass and all will be well. But wait says the brain. Hey I can totally just have one tonight. What about just that hike/brewery thing this summer. That's legit right? ..No no no no no and then the no stopped...I had two. I wanted to keep going. That part is a bit overwhelming on introspect but at least it's not like last time where I went on a bender for three days and then just started drinking again. I didn't want just two. I wanted to get trashed. ..I stopped drinking and yes it's been good. But I've also been struggling with the desire to drink and replacing it with fooooood. I stopped smoking cigarettes and that's not helped either.  I do exercise but it's shit. I'm not getting anywhere with it because I'm arm gnawing hungry for  something . My brain wants that endorphin rush and food is it for the last two months. I have had zero luck with being a good little SDer and using myfitnesspal religiously. .. For some reason either the weather the meh weekend or I was just fucking all done I was craving a smoke. I went to the store bought papers and walked home with two ciders also. I wanted to drink. I looked at SD and thought about reaching out but I wanted to drink. That part makes me feel pretty shitty. ..I'm finding it hard keeping my head sorted out when I'm stressing about money work my bf and not drinking or smoking. I am very unhappy with the weight I've gained since I quit smoking and drinking. I feel self-conscious. I am unhappy. Unhappy valerianrose is a valerianrose that wants to drink and hide. That wants to just curl up in a ball and sleep all day and not talk to people not interact with anyone that feels shitty about her self and hates being a blob of blech. ..I feel like what I need to do is just my own thing for about a month. Where I get a routine of eating well sleeping well and exercising well. I worry my bf will feel hurt. I worry that it won't work. ..Sigh. ..I'm in the crazy cage at the moment. Not the bad she needs a hospital kind. Just the normal argh kind. .
----------immediate responses--------

You are a really good writer. Have you thought of writing a book?
&gt;  I am unhappy..This was exactly my problem. I had some success with not drinking in the past but I always came back to it because I never dealt with the underlying issues which were causing me distress. Now that I have started tackling those issues sobriety is coming a lot easier to me I still have tough days but I have been able to deal with them so far. If I get to where I don't feel like I can handle them I have a plan in place. I go to the gym post here and I have an AA schedule handy. I do not attend AA but I have a plan which involves hitting a meeting before hitting a bar. Finding a great therapist has worked wonders for me (it took a few to find the right one). I hope you at able to find what is troubling you so that you can work on it and find some peace. Best of luck!
I normally don't share this fucking shit - but whatever we're friends here right?..When I was very young I had a really tragic traumatic sexual experience that made me interpret everything that happened to me as I was somehow a 'perverted child.'  I was raised in a good home but that motherfucking secret shame chased me all the way from 6 years old right up to about 200 days ago - and yes my badge is correct.  Just stopping drinking did fuck all about why I drank but First Things First.  About 200 days ago (give or take) I went to a therapist (completely destroyed by self-harm fantasies) and I systematically listed off the three most traumatic events that happened to me starting with that awful secret I could share with no one.  i was completely honest and held nothing back.  ..The last 200 days has been the only time in my life where I could look in the mirror and not feel as if I had to drink not feel as if hanging myself was the best option and not feel like I was marked by a scarlet letter of shame...I'm not sure if that's going to work for you but with /u/coolcrosby encouraging me to work (and it was work!) my goddamn AA program and do steps 4&amp;5 I finally nailed that fucking lid shut to that coffin and I've been living a drug&amp;alcohol free life since then with no desire to go back and retreat into an alcoholic fog...Good luck man.  I know my posts always come off slightly 'serious' but for me alcoholism was the only thing keeping me feeling good.  When I took away the booze holy fuck I was worse off than ever.
Unhappy unemployed single guy here.  This is probably overly basic but I just get by knowing that while things aren't all roses they're a hell of a lot better than they'd be if I was drinking.  It's a pain in the arse putting in seemingly endless job applications and getting nothing back but I just remember that if I was drinking I'd be too obsessed with where my next drink was coming from to even bother applying for said jobs.  And even if I did and managed to hear back I wouldn't be in any condition to take the job and excel at it anyway...So while drinking hasn't improved certain aspects of my life it has definitely given me the *capacity* to do so.  A capacity I absolutely would not have if I was drinking.  And that's something to be happy about...Definitely think about how you could do your own thing for a month too.  At a certain point you have to be somewhat selfish about this whole thing.  In the grand scheme of things what's worse; being miserable and white-knuckling through things or your BF feeling like you've put him on the back-burner for a little while?  Of course it's easy from my point of view all the way over here on the other side of the internet but I think objectively the second one is the lesser of two evils.
