-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32iyml/getting_dumped_in_sobriety/

My boyfriend (ex boyfriend...?) hasn't spoken to me since last-last Tuesday. I guess it's over. We had a three year run. It was good it was bad I'm really struggling right now. Just wanted to come talk to you all and hear from you. I don't have a lot of social support right now. ..**tl;dr** my story is in comments but I'm more interested in your stories. Anyone wanna share their stories about losing a relationship in sobriety? Anyone wanna share tips on how to handle the pain? Anyone wanna share tips on getting through it?
----------immediate responses--------

.I'm drug sober but not necessarily emotionally sober (like how in AA we talk about 'alcoholic actions' like getting angry and yelling etc). I am an extremely emotionally sensitive person and I got drinking because it was easier than numbing myself emotionally/intellectually by sheer will power. I'm having trouble coping with the feelings that are coming up. I've shelved them for now because I really really just need to buckle down and graduate so I can work on myself and sobriety this summer but I'm scared putting my feels on the shelf might be bad for me in terms of emotional processing...Every other breakup or mishap I've drunk or drugged through. This will be the first time I'm doing it sober. I have a lot on my plate and this hurts. Honestly I basically have a massive wall up between what lil bababby is really feeling and how I am functioning - I'm almost totally numb the heartache as long as I don't think about him. I keep oscillating between relief and deep fear/wanting him back. ..It's hard. One day at a time. But it's helpful to hear from others and have the reminder that I'm not alone or unique in experiencing this. ..Thanks
2-yrs before i got sober my gf moved out. (Smart woman!) We still saw each other though a couple few times a week...Then 2-yrs after I got sober we broke it off for good. Her doing because "I don't know who you are anymore. You've changed so!"..So there it is-- she couldn't handle me drunk she couldn't handle me sober!  ..Hurt like hell. Loved her a lot. Still do. Funny thing happen some years after all that she married. Guess what? She married and the guy turns out to be an alcoholic also! ..She calls me up crying the blues. Told her what I had asked her to do when I first got sober and that was go to Alanon. This time she agreed to go and I even took her to her first few meetings. Then I backed away-- this was her gig not mine...Well the guy got sober and they're going on now married for 15-yrs or so. I am most happy for her. ..But! Yeah but... now and then I sing my own blues why couldn't it have been us? Such is life dammit. lol..The pain? I walked through it. Sober. I let myself grieve the loss. Knowing that time will heal. It has..Too I stuck close with other sober friends who understood what I was going through. They were/are my life preserver just as down through the years I've been able to return in kind...Sober is the key here Ba-ba please do not loose sight of that.
Recovery is very hard on relationships our partners have a role to play and it's a big one. It's tough on them because They have to process A LOT they have to decide if they are up to it. At times they don't walk away for fear that you will go off the deep end and feel responsible. They see a different person now....and if you stick with it that difference will grow. I am NOTHING like I was at 90 days. I joked that I changed everything but my height which is now a lie since yoga had netted me about an inch taller!..For me the difference created much higher standards and I'd look over and think.....there is no way I would have even dated this person sober.....but is it worth a divorce? (Breakup) for now just concentrate on you he's done you a favor by leaving so you can now get laser focused on sobriety without walking on eggshells. ..I got dumped a year ago while 12 weeks pregnant.....by my badge number you can see that I made it through without drinking over it looking back he did me a favor my life is nothing like it was or imagined it could be today. ..Chin up!
Might i add a bit more? ..No expert here that's for sure. Yet something in Zen or Buddhism what ever--- sometimes the more we seek something the more it keeps getting beyond reach. Likewise the more we try to be rid of something the more power we give it so it stays near...This is how I look at feelings. So I don't try to fight nor seek them rather just to let it. As what I meant when I walked through the pain. These are my feeling I own them I allow my self to feel. Ah am a human after all! ..Too daily life continues. So part of being is caring about and caring for my being. We all know the opposite of not caring enough about ourselves. So hey just gotta pick myself up by my own bootstraps and continue on. This no matter what comes down the pike which we rarely have much control over anyways when come to other people eh?
