-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32qdg7/first_ever_aa_meeting_tonight/

So I've been trying to get sober for maybe 18 months now with some success (Thanks to the people of SD) However I keep having the odd relapse sometimes for no apparent reason. I'm not an every day drinker more of a binger 3-day-bender every month or so kinda guy. But I've known I've had a problem for a while as when I start I can't control it. And I'm obviously drinking to escape real life...I've kind of come round to the idea that I need help I can't do it on my own and I do really want to be sober and make a better life for myself. It's taken me a while to realise it but that's the point I'm at now...I started going to a support group (Non-AA) a couple of months ago and that has really helped and put me in touch with some great people and a good support network but I know that isn't enough. I need to work some sort of programme to fix my spirit and grow into that person I want to be...So I did it I went tonight with an open mind. I know there is a lot of talk about the religious or cult-like vibe (I am not religious AT ALL!) but I put that aside and thought to myself 'What have I got to lose'? ..It was odd I was nervous obviously. It was bizarre and slightly surreal but in a *good* way. Lots of different type of folk there but everyone was very supportive and people came to speak to me and made me feel welcome. There was talk of 'God' and the 'higher power' but someone shared and made the point to me that your higher power can be faith in anything *you* choose...I Haven't quite made my mind up if AA & the 12 steps will be for me but for now it helped to connect with all those people and listen to the shares. And I will go back...Just thought I'd share in case it helps anyone else on the fence about going to AA like I was.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm happy for you man. Great attitude. Willingness and an open mind is all that is needed. Congrats on being willing to put yourself in a potentially uncomfortable situation knowing that it may be good for your recovery. Stay strong!
Thanks for writing to us about this hopetochange.  ..I haven't been to a meeting (yet) this time around but I keep my ears perked especially when I see posts like yours.  This helps me...Nice double digits you're sporting there by the way.  :)
I don't know anybody who ran to AA with open arms wanting to be there. Keep coming back it works if you do the work.
Awesome man! The first one is always weird and uncomfortable lol. Glad you decided to give it a go.  
We have similar drinking patterns and I too am on the fence about going to AA. Thanks for the post I think you convinced me. Good luck with it.
Personally I never wanted to go to AA. ...But when I figured out - even without alcohol I acted like an alcoholic I realized maybe I needed help with not only staying sober but acting sober. ...I haven't meet too many people that walked into AA all happy to be there.  I have met many though that eventually were glad they went.  AND many of us were surprised we stayed...I didn't WANT to be an alcoholic.  .But I am.... ...I went to get sober...I stayed to get sane. .
[deleted]
