-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32w8qv/top_post_on_roffbeat_right_now/

...is about a woman in AA. Or trying to be. The second paragraph in [the article](http://www.indystar.com/story/news/2015/04/15/georgia-mom-arrested-teen-sex-pot-party/25848869/) is what I find the most disturbing and I feel like y'all will get that more than anyone else. Ninjaedit: relevant quote...>[Lehnardt] was arrested Monday after her new Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor alerted the Columbia County Sheriff's Office on Saturday following a meeting with Lehnardt according to the investigation report...I've gotten sober in AA. I go to a meeting every day. It's an integral part of my life. Early on if I told my sponsor I fucked up and he went and told my probation officer about it I'd feel violated. I certainly wouldn't be in AA today. I realize there were minors involved in this relapse but shouldn't we who sponsor others hold ourselves to standards similar to counselors/therapists (don't notify authorities unless they have stated an intention to harm themselves or others)?..I realize I know next to nothing about this situation. Maybe she told her sponsor she planned on doing it again. That'd obviously change things. Anyways I got home from my nightly meeting saw this and felt like discussing. Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

You raise a good point and before I read the article I thought that for the most part I would expect confidentiality to be maintained unless a child was at risk. And that's what sounds to be the case...Where I live all adults are mandatory reporters whether we are professionals or not professionals sponsors or sponsees. If a child is at risk of harm we do have to report.
I think because there were minors involved the sponsor made the right choice. Plus the rules of privilege don't apply to self help groups - so if the sponsor was later found to have knowledge that a child may be at risk the sponsor could also be charged...Even if this was a privileged situation (with a counsellor) the involvement of minors still pushes it into an area where reporting would be required. The safety of children is always put above the privacy of an adult's confessions.
In a meeting I heard a man share once and though all the dots were not there big red flags were flying.  We came out of that meeting saying "Holy shit WTF some are sicker"     ..Months Later saw in the news he was arrested and convicted for killing his parents.  His sponsor apparently had a part in the arrest- after giving him time to turn himself in if I remember...AA is not about letting people get away with murder.  ..A small slip while on probation sure cheat on your wife hey I am carrying around some big secrets and my job as sponsor is to tell my sponsees that secrets will often try and get you drunk try to kill you one way or another.  If nobody is in danger my job is done  ..In this case with minors involved somebody had to drop the dime.  
These children were at risk! She's trying to be cool mom but is doing damage. ..Sponsor was spot on.
[deleted]
When I'm preparing to hear a 5th step I make a point of mentioning to my sponsee that if they have illegal shit they have to talk about it might be in our best interest if they share that stuff elsewhere. If you pay a lawyer for a consultation everything you say to them in that hour is privileged and confidential. So is anything you say to your reverend or priest and to your doctor. Because this is what my sponsor did with me and because if you admit to illegal deeds to your sponsor you've just made them an accessory after the fact. I've heard people talk about infidelity about cheating people out of money about lies big and small about all sorts of shit of the type drunks get ourselves into. Crappy and harmful stuff but not criminally so. Unfortunately this went well beyond what a sponsor can handle. In my opinion the sponsor made the right call as tough as it must have been.
