-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3304q7/my_2_weeks_rant/

A few months back I was a hopeless drunk pretty amazing place to be stuck in as a Christian man it sucked.  For years the only time I wouldn't drink was cause I was pretty much physically incapable of continuing to drink.  Sober up a couple days start feeling good again and go right back at it.  Getting drunk to be normal rather then to have fun.  I honestly can't remember the last time I had fun drinking.  Man what misery we put ourselves through and still we do it for me I guess it is all I new drinking became what i was and really had no defense against it...Finally one day I had enough no friends no hope no life no job luckily not homeless.  So I started attending AA meetings actually listening to people longest 21 days of my life they where all good days just long.  Man what a glimmer of hope I found at AA when I was younger I was forced there through courts etc.  so basically I learned absolutely nothing...And then I relapsed I really got no excuse or even remember why I relapsed but you know what that first beer took me weeks to put down again...I believe those tools in AA brought me back though I sure was ashamed of my relapse I didn't even show my face through those doors until after 7 days sober again no matter how bad I wanted to go.  (I think other people should go as soon as possible I just couldn't cause of shame)...So here I am 14 days sober I goto AA meetings every single day excitingly work the 12 steps and love to hear other peoples stories about there walk in life.  Man when I was a kid stuck in there on orders of the court if only I had turned on my ears I could only imagine where my life would be on this day...Anyhow that's my 14 day rant I hope to make many more rants in the future.  I love getting closer and closer to my higher power everyday.  I can't believe I have never read the Big Book of AA before it really is amazing how smart people where back in the day...Peace
----------immediate responses--------

Great job glad you're here. Keep the rants coming.  We like to hear from you as much as you like to hear from us.
&gt;that first beer took me weeks to put down again..So well put the time watp of that first drink. Definitely one to avoid!..Glad you're back :).
"I honestly can't remember the last time I had fun drinking." So true. I just reminded myself with a short relapse and drinking like that just isn't fun. Nothing good comes from it.
Christian here - drunk as well.  ..Go forth and sin no more!
