-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/338xv1/well_last_night_i_relapsed/

I went 30 days. A whole month no drinking. I felt so happy did so many productive things. Then around Easter i was with family and my SO who has been my greatest agent in fighting this shit wasnt there i had 2 beers. That made me think I was in control. The next day I downed a 26er. Made it I think a week... maybe and relapsed again yesterday. Is it normal to struggle after relapsing? I know each person struggles in their own way just seeking people who have bee  here i guess...Edit: restarting badge. Sorry everyone...
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Is it normal to struggle after relapsing?..I sure struggled with it. I once went 104 days decided I could now moderate drinking and then spend the following two miserable years struggling to put more than 10 days sober together...One of the biggest motivators for me to stay sober today is that I don't ever want to have to go through quitting and early sobriety again. 
well do you want to stay stopped and if so what are you going to do differently?
&gt;Is it normal to struggle after relapsing?..Yes! After that *first* beer--that one where we say *hey no harm done just one...*..--that would be a *great* time to say instead: ..*What the FUCK. My program isn't working. I need to change the program and up my game!* ..But we don't because it's just one beer and it seems like maybe we have this under control. The lizard brain wants us to think like that. We all do it rationalize the first step on the slippery slope again and again. ..But you got yourself a good month. That's great. The question I'd ask is: why did you decide to drink and what can you do differently so you won't make that decision next time?
It took me 2 years to get more than 30-something days. I was relapsing every 3 weeks or so and COULD NOT stop for the life of me. It was hell. It does gets easier though just hang in there. 
[deleted]
I had similar experiences.  I once stopped for 60+ days went back to drinking slowly at first but was back where I was before pretty quickly and took me over a year after that to string together 40+ days then went back to drinking and took months to finally quit for good this time...I don't want to or even know if I could go through all that again so I am not testing it.  Thankfully I worked hard to change my perception of alcohol so I no longer desire it even though I am around it a lot of the time.  I don't know how I would not drink if I still desired it.
