-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33batv/dont_want_to_give_up_drinking_but_can_i_learn_to/

As the title says I don't want to give up drinking completely and no longer have any issues with drinking too many nights a week (which I used to struggle with though I've since gotten a handle on it). My biggest concern is every time I plan to have any drinks I end up drinking way too much. I intend to get moderately drunk but can't seem to pace myself and end up blacking out nearly every time.
----------immediate responses--------

Probably not.  I don't know many people who both A) are able and B) ask for help.  But  everyone's different. 
I learned that the only sure way of being sure of not blacking out and regretting my evenings activities was to cut out alcohol completely.You say you don't want to cut it out completely.How about a compromise? Try cutting alcohol out for an entire month and see how you feel.Make note of when and why you think you want to drink. If this is difficult to do it may just be good reason to rethink not wanting to give it up and if alcohol is benefitting you in any way.
Ooohhhhhh I don't know. Possibly? Moderation is debatable around here. Most of us have tried it in some form or another and failed. Whch is why we end up hanging around here! But I can't say that it won't work for you...Off the top of my head I'd say that shooting for the goal of "moderately drunk" probably isn't going to work for your purpose (avoiding blackout drunk.) Being drunk at all made it difficult for me to stop drinking because I felt *good* and drunk brain wanted to feel *more good* so clearly more alcohol was gonna make that happen. But back to you have you considered aiming for a drink limit per session? Drinking just one or two drinks at a time and seeing how that goes? Just keeping an eye on the number of drinks you consume per day might help you see what your actual limit is before things get out of control.
Why can't you stop drinking before you blackout why can't you pace yourself? 
[deleted]
Think about it like this. When has anyone ever gone out with the intention to actually black out do something foolish get in trouble? How about you personally? I for sure never wanted to black out. Where's the fun in that? ..Yea I found ways to avoid it most of the time. I never touched tequila because I was convinced that was the only drink that would make me black out. Sure enough I'd still find ways to. So yea I agree with the others. Probably not going to find the answer you were hoping for here.
&gt;My biggest concern is every time I plan to have any drinks I end up drinking way too much. ..Only you can say for sure but does this not answer your question?
Drink till you learn to not black out. And of you get tired of getting blackout stopdrinking :)
I think every one of us started our journey thinking we could get to a point where we could drink like normal people. That evolves into "I'll only drink on special occasions like birthdays" before finally deciding we can drink like normal people anymore and quitting completely. For an alcoholic I think it's pretty much impossible to drink moderately. 
Not me.             .Not any of the hundreds I've heard say they tried.     .maybe you are different...The reason the vast majority of us are here is because once we start drinking - the off switch is disabled.  Maybe not every time but once is enough to give us an education on things like dui felonies divorce unemployment homelessness and a host of other things we are much better off not knowing all the details of...Is the buzz really worth that?
Probably not gonna be a popular answer but if you are set on drinking socially still.. what I used to do back in my crazy college days is set an alarm on my phone for every 30 mins or so. It would go off and it would be a reminder to slow down or have a glass of water along with my drinking. ..Often I find the reason we can't slow down / not blackout is after you've had a few you FORGET to worry about it and just go nuts. ..Nowadays I have to cut it out all together though
