-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33bpsq/the_art_of_hating_oneself/

I've known that I've had a drinking problem from anywhere from a year to three days depending on my willingness to lie to myself at some given point. I'm a twenty-two-year-old senior at a top fifteen university in the northeast and in my time here I've found that alcohol has provided the remedy to myself I'd always felt I needed. I can't remember a time when I didn't have cripplingly low self-esteem and neither I nor my therapist really understand why. I'm incredibly fortunate in so many senses: I have a loving family mostly tremendous friends and an innate love of learning that's gotten me far. ..Maybe I should blame sex. I've been struggling with my sexual identity since I was probably fourteen and was effectively outed as bi   at least that's how I marketed it   at a time when in hindsight I wasn't ready. While the correlation isn't consciously obvious I don't think it's a coincidence that my drinking (and smoking weed and recreational drug use) has increased heavily since I was publicly forced to confront a reality I hated...I graduate in a month. I have to quit drinking. I'm at a point where it's no longer just the preface to a problem: I've burned numerous bridges and seen a serious decrease in my productivity because of how I drink. I start to drink and literally cannot stop. Four years of a perpetual hangover have made me feel chronically stupid anxious and even more self-loathing. My anxiety is narcissistic; I panic when I think about myself. I worry that the bouts of binge drinking (and weed etc) have pickled my brain and that the one thing I ever had going for me   my intelligence or at least my faith in my intelligence   is gone or at least damaged for good. Writing has been my passion since I was a kid and now I'm in a place of depressed flatness that never seems to offer any inspiration. The fear that alcohol/drug abuse has killed the thing I once loved the most makes me even more unhappy...I think the core of the problem is that I drink to escape. I drink to escape my insecurities; I drink to escape the fact that I hate the fact that I like men. I've had wonderful sincere relationships with women and stupid blacked out sexual encounters with men and my inability to soberly and honestly confront this issue has left me perpetually unsure of who I am (which in turn probably makes me drink more.)..I suppose I'm writing this because I've spent the last hour reading posts on this forum and feeling myself filled with some flicker of hope. It brings me joy that so many of you have confronted your demons and ideally you'll be able to help me confront mine. I'm dying to quit drinking but I'm scared shitless. I'm scared that quitting will shut off social opportunities for the rest of my life and that the reality of being sober and addressing my own personal bullshit will drive me crazy. I'm scared that I'll never be able to stop hating myself and that without alcohol (or any other drug) I'll only find relief in some other vice. ..I guess I don't expect responses but it would be nice to hear from anyone who's possibly going through something similar. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey you are making trouble for nothing all the things you have described are fine. But the thing is you feel like no one feel the same or the way you do. Is normal you are on a depression but you can change you can stop drinking and hating yourself. For me AA is the solution give a chance to the program go to some meetings and stay sober ask for a badge. I'm here to help 
I have some similar experiences but I'm just on my way to work so I'll reply later unless I think someone else has covered what I was gonna say... so look out for me!
I'm in a similar situation atleast somewhat. Intelligence has always been my favorite aspect of myself and I know that 3 years of on and off binge drinking at college has hindered it atleast temporarily. I may be less functioning as I'm having to take time off and stay at home. Grades were always a priority at my house and I was self conscience at a new college. When I first noticed the social benefit from it I started using it to escape from my worries. I later extended drinking to alleviate my grade apprehension which effected my performance furthering my anxiety.  .I don't know the solution (if there even is one) but I'm going to be active in looking for one. I'm going to AA this week and see a psychiatrist to learn CBT.  It's only been roughly 36 hours so I'm still withdrawing and the (probable) prospect of never being able to drink properly again makes me want to go take a swig immediately.  But a family friend (AA for 18 years) talked to me a lot today and one thing in particular really stuck out: just take sobriety 24 hours at a time. And that oddly really comforted me. I prefer to be a planner (execution is my weak suit obviously dampened by alcohol) but when I think about just not drinking today it doesn't seem too bad. Obviously the plan will continue tomorrow and so forth but just focusing on today makes the situation a lot less scary
It sounds like you've had to struggle unnecessarily with a lot of anxiety particularly about sex... almost that it's been difficult for you to just be yourself and let your feelings free and that alcohol helps mitigate that anxiety somewhat. ..I think whoever you have feelings for whether they're a woman or man is the person who is right for you. It is terrible that society brushes these emotions aside or makes you feel that that is anything but normal. Unfortunately alcohol won't improve the situation and may make it much more complicated. ..Also while many artists and writers have struggled with alcohol use I think it's much more true that creativity is dampened by drinking (as you point out in your post). If writing is important to you it certainly sounds like you have the intelligence to make a go at something that is your passion.
Alcohol is certainly great for avoiding difficult emotions.  I should know because I've used it for that very reason for most of my life.  ..Frankly who cares if you like men?  That's cool.  You're not hurting anyone and it's just a fact of life for you.  Why drown that out with drinking?  What if for one day you just accepted that and didn't drink.  Then write back to us!  
I don't have much time to respond - I have to rush off to work - but I want to say one thing about your fears of being sober shutting off social opportunities. It will close off some let's be honest. But those are going to be mostly with people who are stuck in the delusion that getting fucked up is living life to the fullest. It's going to also open others. Healthy functioning adults won't judge your worth by what is in your glass. I know this is harder the younger you are it seems like everyone in their 20's is into the bar or club scene. ..The one thing that has brought me the most peace of mind was realizing that the positive aspects of drinking were already lost to me long before I stopped. I lost nothing good by getting sober nothing. It was already gone at the bottom of the ocean. ..Drinking the way you describe where you can't stop once you start is what is really going to destroy your social life. How many agonized posts I have seen here from people who are losing their spouses or fiancees because they have had enough of being with an alcoholic! How many from people who are facing the bitter truth that their friendships are too damaged to be saved. Alcoholism is LONELY. Imagine a couple of decades locked into your despair you and a bottle of liquor. I have done it and it was ghastly. ..Everyone is scared when they get sober scared shitless. It's OK. You are young and you show a lot of self-awareness and I believe that you already right now have great courage in confronting your issues and believing that it is possible to get better. Facing them sober is not going to drive you crazy. It will be painful at times. But it is the genuine road to learning to love yourself the world and other people...I do this little thing to combat depression etc where at the end of the day I go backwards from the night to the morning and I think of every thing I did that day that was positive and that I can feel proud of. There have been a few days where the only thing I had was I didn't drink today I believed in myself and in recovery and in the future and I made that commitment real by action. That one thing can bring so much relief and self-acceptance because I know that it is the critical thing for me. Any other problem can be solved or accepted then...Best wishes to you - I hope you stick around and that the sub helps you as much as it has helped me.
Keep reading here keep posting here if you want..You are not alone.
I went through virtually all of the alcohol-related things you are discussing.  ..Alcohol is a parasite that I invited to take residence in my mind because I wanted "to escape."   I looked around my life didn't like what was up and decided "Hey I should drink this.   It will make everything go away."   I liked the feeling of having everything gone so I kept drinking more and more to experience the good feeling more frequently...Inevitably and unfailingly the good feeling got replaced by a bad feeling until all I was left with was a substance addiction...The addiction is the parasite you have to starve to death and rip out of your head.   Without doing this you are paralyzed.   Scary?   Hell yeah that's scary because it's been in there for so long you think it's a natural-born part of your brain.   It is not.  It's the enemy.  Worse it is feeding you terrible thoughts that doing this is impossible or pointless or will kill you or make you crazy. ..None of these thoughts are true.   ..&gt;"I'm scared that quitting will shut off social opportunities for the rest of my life and that the reality of being sober and addressing my own personal bullshit will drive me crazy. I'm scared that I'll never be able to stop hating myself"..Nope.   Quitting will give you your first real social opportunities in a long time it will give you the joy and confidence that comes with actually addressing your own personal bullshit and it will give you the chance to forgive/love yourself because your own brain is finally running the show -- not the parasite-addled one...None of that is easy but all of it is true.   I've babbled enough.   Have a great day and good luck to you.
Hi there and welcome. I can totally relate to the flurry of negative emotions that alcohol seemed to help temporarily alleviate but really just made them much much worse. My life got stuck in a huge negativity loop and any friends I had left would definitely have described me as a "cynical asshole". Quitting drinking was the best thing I've ever done in my life and probably saved my life - no joke. Not from dying of withdrawal or liver failure but from slowly ruining my life and just giving up on everything...You *can* stop hating yourself and work through these things.. you really can. I thought the shame doubt insecurity self-hatred etc. would never go away but they did - or they became manageable. Are you ready to give sobriety a shot? What do you think about going 30 days to test drive this lifestyle? :)
I can't tell you how much I related to your post...I'm a gay male and hated/maybe still hate it. My problems around sex are a constant source of frustration and anxiety for me. I also always fancied myself the smart one. After a good amount of heavy drinking and drug use I feel like I am a shell of what I used to be. ..That being said my mood has gotten much better since stopping drinking/smoking/using. The self-loathing is there but I can quiet it better now. Keep coming and browsing SD and maybe try an AA meeting worse thing that happens is that it isn't for you...Hope you find some solace.
