-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33dppo/109_days_sober_but_am_i_an_alcoholic/

Hi Everybody..I've been hovering around this page for a while dipping in and out to read about your experiences with/without drinking and those of you who stay sober through AA or other ways. Not sure why I picked today to post but I just wanted to introduce myself to everyone. I'm grateful for this page the Mods who built it and all 26K+ drunks/former drunks who participate. ..Today is my 109th day without a drink. In September of last year I experienced a traumatic event that could have most definitely been avoided had alcohol not been in my system to the extent that it had *become* my system. After that event I said to myself (sotte voce) that I could never have another drink or it would kill me or worse someone else...The easiest/surefooted-est path to me seemed to start with AA meetings. I was so desperate when I came in in September then again in January (post-relapse) that I threw myself into it like I would drink toward the bottom of a bottle of rye; with conviction. I relapsed on my 98th day in mid-December and was out for two weeks. Those were dark days. Not blackouts mind you...So now that I've made it into triple-digit days I'm in uncharted territory. What's been coming up over the last few weeks is that I'm not entirely sure AA is right for me. I've looked into other programs but haven't talked face-to-face with anyone about other them or attended another meeting. I did participate in a group therapy that focuses on trauma and the substance abuse that stems from it but found it more annoying than anything. I'm all for people trying to figure themselves out but it's difficult to listen to people go on and on about how nothing is working out when they're sucking down a bottle of wine a night or sparking a joint every time their boat gets rocked. One thing I've heard in AA that I do believe: "If nothing changes nothing changes"...I'm not entirely sure that I'm an alcoholic. As someone who participates in AA and has gone through the first three steps my saying this today would probably baffle everyone I've come to know not the least of which would be my sponsor. My truth is that there have been many times throughout my life where I will cross a threshold while drinking that others will stop at. It's like falling into an abyss while the abyss falls into me. When I go that distance I am no longer myself. Something changes and not for the better. Knowing this makes me scared to ever have another drink. But to walk around in fear is no way to live. ..This is why a spiritual existence is attractive to me. Before I stopped drinking I became attracted to Buddhism. I didn't jump into it with both feet but I read a bit about it tried different methods of meditating and found it very effortless for me to adopt and feel adopted. There is still much I have to learn about it but I can say from what little I've experienced it's felt the most grounded and comforting approach to maintaining and expanding my life...The irony here is that I'm leaving shortly to lead an AA meeting where I am to share about my experience strength and hope in joining AA. Yet for all I've given of myself to this program and others in it I do not see how my life is that much better for it. Could it be worse? Absolutely. Very much so. But there are certain pillars of the program that have bothered me since Day One and the bothers continue. One of them is "The Promises". I don't want to go down a point-by-point skewering of them but I do want to say this: aside from death and taxes (you'll forgive the clich  because it's true) there are very few promises that are ever kept. The Twelve Promises of AA make me feel as though I'm being goaded toward Utopia. All the complexities of my flesh bone and blood will fall away and I will exist only as orbs of translucent light...Bollocks...All I want is to be the best version of myself that I can be. Sometimes -- many times -- alcohol has become an obstacle for that goal. Not every moment of my drinking caused havoc. Does that mean I should never drink again or does it mean I should at the very least curb my usage and learn a way to manage my drinking? An example: I was once an unskilled driver. I never caused an accident but without practice and lessons I would not be the skilled driver I am today. If I kept causing havoc every time I drove a vehicle of any kind certainly anyone would be right in saying that I should never operate any kind of vehicle ever again. I feel this metaphor applies to my drinking...Glad to have finally chimed in here and look forward to getting to know you all...Be well.
----------immediate responses--------

Why don't you tell the group this? I think that AA is the best when I hear about the struggles. Drunkologues? Boring. Sobriety=Happy? Really I don't buy that. ..I work AA but don't connect with it? Now that's interesting! ..One of the best things that I've heard (6 months ago) is don't go up there and say things are going great when it's awful.
Welcome! Glad you posted. It's interesting; Buddhism is probably the faith tradition that best fits my experience too but I've had a really easy time reconciling that spirituality with AA. In fact it's been through Buddhism that I've come to better understand what my family's religion (Catholicism) is really about...Have you tried searching out Buddhist approaches to recovery? Noah Levine and Kevin Griffith are two names you might look for. There are actually a fair number of practitioners withing the traditional AA community too. In my town there are at least a couple of Buddhist meetings as well as a number of "freethinker" ones too. The world of the spirit is a roomy one allowing for anyone who wants in...As for your beef with the promises I'll only note that each of them describes *internal* states. They all describe feelings not circumstances. For instances it doesn't say "financial insecurity will leave us" it says "*fear* of financial insecurity." That's a different quality of a promise and probably more easily fulfilled if you happen to not believe in a higher power that signs and delivers checks (I don't). 
&gt; Not every moment of my drinking caused havoc...I could say the same...&gt; Does that mean I should never drink again or does it mean I should at the very least curb my usage and learn a way to manage my drinking?..Once after 104 easy days of sobriety I began questioning if I was an alcoholic and decided that I must be able to moderate my drinking now. I was wrong and had a very difficult time getting sober again. For me there's no curbing or learning to manage it though. I've tried over and over again. I either drink or I don't. I continue to choose not to drink because my life without alcohol is spectacular and I never want to go back. No occasional drink would be worth risking that. YMMV...Weigh your decision carefully though. It's very common for people in recovery to have these questions around the 3 month mark. Since you are currently reaping the benefits of sobriety maybe the best questions at this point would be "What possible benefit could alcohol bring to my life? How would drinking a moderate amount of alcohol help me be the best version of myself?" If you answer honestly it'll be tough to come up with a good reason to start drinking again.
I don't know.  You may not be an alcoholic.  You may just be a heavy drinker...It's just as normal for alcoholics to doubt their alcoholism as it is for heavy drinkers to think they might be alcoholics.  The distinction between heavy drinkers and alcoholics seems to be in their ability to stop on their own. ..It might help to look at a few definitions.  The [DSM IV](http://www.alcoholcostcalculator.org/business/about/dsm.html) contains definitions of alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence.  The book Alcoholics Anonymous also describes a "real alcoholic" in [Chapter 2](http://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/en_bigbook_chapt2.pdf).  Since this seems to be important to you I would recommend you take the time to read all of that...Lastly someone once told me "If you can control and enjoy your drinking at the same time you are not an alcoholic."
I had those same thoughts after I hit the one year mark.  I didn't have any outside consequences from my drinking and it was the first time I had ever tried to quit.  It turns out that would be normal addict thinking.  I decided to not risk it and have stayed clean another year.  
Hi! You mention that you have gone through the first three steps but to me it sounds like you need to think more about the first step. We admitted we were powerless over alcohol and that our lives have become unmanageable. For me this is a giant fact. I am so so SO powerless over alcohol. I can still remember that feeling of needing another drink as soon as I took a sip of the first drink. I have no doubt in my mind that will never change. It sounds like you agreed about this at one point but you've changed your mind now. Can you possibly revisit this with your sponsor? I am also finding that step 4 is where the "magic" is really starting to happen. I am learning about why I am like I am what is it about me that makes me prone to this disease. I hope you continue on with the step work because you're so close to getting into the nitty gritty heart and soul of the program. ..Thanks for sharing all of this and your honesty! 
Maybe it is time to try something different like SMART.  There are tons of programs out there many of them self help which o prefer that don't use the terminology of once an alcoholic always an alcoholic and don't shame someone of trying out moderation or having a drink occasionally (when ready of course!) there's a book I read that was really helpful.... Something along the lines of when AA Doesn't Work For You. It helped me identify why I didn't much like the program and helped my find other options and ways of looking at things. Good luck with leading your meeting you sound like you have experiences to share that could really help someone connect :)
There is only one person who can answer that question. You should look into a mirror and ask them...Alcoholic or not sober or not you are still a living human and will have the successes and failures that we all do. When I am sober the success far outweighs the failure...Easy choice to make.
I wonder the same thing myself.  My days of heavy regular drinking are behind me.  I've been drinking every two or three weeks at home...three or four.  But wife says my three or four is half a bottle or two 22 ounce strong beers is what worries her.  ..At this point I'm going straight for a specific goal and going to jump through all the hoops I have to to get it...but the requirements of AA and a sponsor I find over the top...as I said I'm drinking once every two or three weeks....working two jobs...training for two marathons...three young kids...trying to remodel a house in what little spare time I have.  I'm definitely a heavy drinker most of the times I drink.  I can have one or two beers and call it.  I prefer to feel the effects of alcohol when I drink though.  Sometimes you drink for taste and sometimes you drink for effect.  But I don't think that makes me an alcoholic.
