-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33edhg/bipolar_and_drinking/

Have any of you guys been diagnosed with Bi-Polar disorder and struggle with drinking? I was reading about links between this disorder and substance abuse and wanted to know what you guys have experienced. I am going to the doctor here soon to talk about possibly having this disorder after realizing that I hit all the categories pretty hard.
----------immediate responses--------

I have family members with bipolar and know a couple of people in recovery who have it. It is **extremely** common for people with bipolar to abuse alcohol and drugs. Are you seeing a psychiatrist or your primary care physician? I *highly* recommend going to a psychiatrist for bipolar especially since the diagnosis can be a bit tricky...I don't have much else to share with you other than to say that I hope you are able to find relief from treatment.
Yes. I'm Bi-polar and was a terrible binge drinker. I don't know how I lived. Honestly. Sometimes when I look back on those "episodes" I still cannot distinguish between what was real and what was a delusion. 
I've been diagnosed Bipolar for about 6 years now.  Sobriety is still a challenge as the delusions get me thinking I'm drunk even when I'm not drinking.  Being able to escape a low through drinking is something that is hard to let go of but overall the moods are more stable...I could go on about it for a while PM me if you're interested.
One of my close friends is bipolar and when I disclosed to her that I'd quit drinking she said she'd recently done the same and was finding it helpful. 
Yes my sister is bipolar and she unfortunately self-medicates with alcohol weed and adderall (not sure what else).  She's been prescribed meds for her dx but she would rather abuse other drugs. 25% of the time she is ok to be around. 50% my family and I walk on eggshells as to not "set her off" and then the other 25% she is horrible and mean.  For the little time before she started drinking and smoking heavily she took her bipolar meds had less severe mood swings and seemed to feel much better.  I used to be one of the few people she would confide in but we haven't spoken in almost a year due to some fight that I don't even know how it started.  I miss her and I hope she is being safe.  ..Overall I can definitely see how being bipolar can drive one to drink and take other drugs to help "fix" his/her racing thoughts and uncontrollable mood swings.  Heck I just have adhd and I feel like that is what drove me to drink in excess.  Burying your emotions in alcohol seems like a great quick fix but you and I both know it isn't! I'm no doc (my fianc  is and he believes my sister has the most severe case of bipolar he has ever seen) but I would recommend seeing a psychiatrist and limiting alcohol intake. ..Good luck to you!!! Sorry I kinda went on a little rant; I just feel very strongly about psych disorders especially bipolar 
