-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33fj57/does_anybody_know_of_published_studies/

So I struggled with problem drinking for a good 10 years before finally getting sober. For the most part I was a binge drinker rather than an everyday drinker up until the last couple years when things started getting seriously out of control and I knew I had to stop before I killed myself. However even when I wasn't drinking every day my weekly total was usually well beyond what would be considered dangerous especially for a woman. Easily a case of beer a week and often more. ..I stressed terribly over all the harm I was certain I must be doing to my liver pancreas kidneys heart and everything else. Toward the end I had a constant burning in my stomach all kinds of digestive problems mysterious pains under my ribs all that stuff. ..However much to my bafflement when I got blood work done during a routine physical last summer at the height of the worst of my drinking (and not long after a particularly bad binge to boot) absolutely everything came out normal. Liver kidneys cholesterol blood pressure blood sugar everything. Normal. I couldn't fathom how that could possibly be. ..When I finally decided to quit I worried about going through all the stuff I'd read about: shakes sweats insomnia anxiety cravings. But instead from day one I started feeling tons better. Slept all the way through the night for the first time in years. No sweating no shaking. My head quickly started feeling clearer and my emotions started calming down right away. I didn't feel the need to go to any meetings but I did start seeing a therapist once a week which has been a godsend in helping me understand what my problems are why I was trying to use alcohol to solve them and what I might do instead. ..Anyway my point to all this is to wonder: how is it that some people will encounter horrible health problems and dependency after a decade of heavy drinking and others don't? I read that only a minority of heavy drinkers will actually develop liver disease for example. Only a minority have serious potentially life-threatening complications from withdrawal...Does anybody know if any studies have been done to investigate possible reasons why this might be? Genetics? Lifestyle factors? Something else? By rights I should have suffered far worse consequences than I have (of course I'm well aware that some consequences may not show up for some time yet) especially because women have been shown to be far more susceptible far sooner than men to alcohol-induced maladies of all kinds. So I've been scratching my head wondering what might have made the difference. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sure genetics environment socioeconomic status comorbidities and other substance abuse all play a major role in how one is affected by and recovers from alcoholism...I think this is a burgeoning field of inquiry though. As this [study](http://www.jmolecularpsychiatry.com/content/1/1/11) states "[It] has to be kept in mind that studies investigating epigenetics of withdrawal are currently very limited so conclusions should therefore be drawn with caution."..The moral of the story: We should all consider ourselves extremely lucky to have gotten out relatively unscathed.
Same reason some kids get leukemia and some smokers live to be 100 years old. Good things happen to bad people and bad things happen to good people all the time just got to take what you've been given and live life to the fullest. Best of luck!
Why don't all smokers get lung cancer at exactly the same age?  Why do some people live to age 100 while others die at 45?  I don't understand what has you scratching your head. ..
Like others have said it's a crap shoot.  There was a twenty something on here who shared the excessive damage he's done to himself including cardiomyopathy which will lead to serious heart problems.  ..I'm in my late thirties and much like you haven't suffered any permanent damage.  Though as people are fond of saying in meetings - "Yet". It's a progressive disease and much like legal consequences it most likely will catch up with you (and me) given time...Personally it's not just the length of life but quality for me.  You might make it to your seventies but have ten years of pain immobility etc.  So there's that.
Genetic lottery.
They probably just drank more. A case of beer a week is a lot less than a fifth of vodka a day. 
A case of beer a week! I wish! That's not healthy..But to me that's case of beer would be 2 days worth!.Plus add couple bottles of vodka to boot!.I'm also female and got off lucky and glad to be sober! You are very smart to have stopped! 
