-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33henu/should_i_be_here/

Hey I am new here ..I decided to stop drinking completely (I am 23) and so far I have only been a social drinker. And refused to drink 2 days in a row. ..I seem only to drink in order to take social anxiety away not because I like to drink but I like to socialize. I have gone 19 days without drinking before and those days felt odd but good. Relapsed because I got emotional and needed to 'drink the tears away'. ..Most of the post in this subreddit seems to be about more severe alcoholism so should I be here? Or into some other sub?..
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone is welcome here. 
First off this is a place for people who want to quit drinking.  If that is you it is the place...  One thing I've heard - "If you are asking if you need to be here or are an alcoholic there is a good chance you need to."..  I also drank once a week but it's still got to where I thought about it and wanted to.  If you need to drink to take away social anxiety it seems like you need some help to be social without drinking this may be a good place.  ..  But we can't force you to stop drinking unless you want to.  I got a DUI and know I could do it again if I got drunk enough and want to know how I don't get that drunk?  Not drinking.  I liked to get really drunk and after 3 or 4 beers I would just keep going.  So if I have 0 beers I will get blacked out drunk 0 times.
Welcome! Why not try going 30 days without alcohol to assess how you handle it? If you find it really difficult you can rest assured you belong here. Many people not just "alcoholics" could use a 30 day break to get some perspective on their drinking.
Welcome. SD is a great place and if you are looking for a support group that does not drink no matter how they perceive themselves you will feel good about being here. 
Welcome!..There are lots of subs for people that identify as alcoholics..This one is for people that kinda think/ worry/wonder/ that they might/should/ want / try to Stop Drinking.  (for LOTS of reasons!)..Some people have goals (like 30 days) and some do not.  .With that said most normal/ social drinkers don't really wonder if they have a problem with drinking. ..What I found interesting you said this:..&gt;Relapsed because.....Normal drinkers don't 'relapse' because they never felt a need to stop.  Nor would they consider having a beer a 'relapse' because they hadn't really 'stopped' whereas they considered drinking AS a 'relapse'.  ..Also - (and I say this with amusement) normal drinkers tend not to count their days between drinks.  I am curious WHY you did?? ..Many people 'abuse alcohol' from time to time.  .That does not mean they are alcoholics. ..Stick around and see how you feel about YOUR drinking.  .Only you can decide if FOR YOU there's a problem. .
"This reddit is a place for redditors to motivate each other to control or stop drinking." - Sidebar..With that said the overwhelming majority of people are here to quit altogether.  Of course you are welcome here.  They haven't kicked me out and I'm a complete asshole!  Whether you have a drinking problem or not you will increase your understanding of alcohol and it's associated problems.  As the say in AA "take what you want and leave the rest"
Going 2 days in a row without drinking is not some huge deal to most people (it is to me though... so congrats on that). Also you know the exact length of time you have gone without - 19 days - a very specific number. Ask your other "social drinker" friends how long they have gone without a drink in the last year and see what they tell you (even if it's less than 19 days I bet it will be more vague...). ..Anyway welcome. :) Anyone with an interest in trying to eliminate or control their drinking should be here. Also I am not trying to define your alcohol use for you in the above paragraph... maybe you are just a person with extreme attention to detail in all areas of life. But most social drinkers don't keep day counts! ;) So I suspect you will appreciate the discussions here at the very least.
Hey Thanks for all the comments! I feel very welcome here now. Please allow me to set out my reasons for wanting to stop drinking. ..First of all I never ever felt really 'right' about taking a drink. It was always either social pressure or self-medication. The 19 day break I took earlier made me feel so much better about myself that I know that I need to go on this path. 
