-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33k2l4/day_72_check_in/

Hey everyone! First some quick updates on the goals I set myself for the first 90 days of sobriety way back when:..Goal #1 Seeing a therapist: I mentioned sometime back that I'd decided to fire/break-up with my therapist (both of those terms seem overly dramatic...what's the word I'm looking for here?) Anyway I just didn't get around to it before the next session. And actually that one went well so I decided to stick with it for a while. We aren't making any progress on working through things but it is nice to have someone to talk to who's not involved with my life and who I don't have to reciprocate with. It feels good to vent. And we're only doing appointments every other week now which is easier to manage schedule-wise...Goal #2 Answering my phone: Has totally gone to shit. Well not totally but I am avoiding phone calls. For no specific reason even. ..Goal #3 Check in here daily: I've gotten back on track with that...Goal #4 Attend an AA meeting daily: I'm not doing them daily but I am doing them most days of the week. I didn't hit one today but I've got a new one to check out tomorrow which sounds promising...Overall I feel like I've been treading water for the last week or two. Getting sick really threw me off and I've struggled to get momentum going. And to be honest I'm just being immature about a lot of things. I'm realizing that at least at this stage of recovery I've got to keep making progress and work on my sobriety or I'm going to slip straight back into my old habits and ways of thinking. Coasting is not really an option. ..I am now ready to start on my 4th step which I don't really want to but I think that that will help me get out of this immature mindset where I want to avoid hard things. ..In other news I have realized that I need to give up caffeine completely. I got somewhere in the neighborhood of four hours of sleep last night because I'd consumed so many caffeinated beverages over the course of the day. The way I drink caffeinated beverages reminds me of how I drank alcohol. And I've fallen into the same trap of drinking more today to compensate for how shit I feel because of everything I drank yesterday. ..Plus I've been struggling with health issues and fatigue. Which is part of how I've justified this huge level of consumption to myself.... but it has dawned on me that the caffeine is almost definitely making my fatigue worse. ..Moderation is not going to be an option for me. But I don't think I can hack total cold turkey (or at least I don't want to.) I got an app that tracks the amount of caffeine consumed over the day and I got my baseline today. Moving forward I'm going to keep tracking my consumption and slowly taper. I probably will have to go cold turkey at some point but I want to get the levels down a bit before then so it's not so brutal. ..Anyway that's me. Take care everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to phone call avoidance. I don't like to check voicemail either. No good reason just a general sense of dread when the phone rings. 
I think youare doing great.  Don't overload yourself with too many goals.  Rome wasn't built in a day. 
Some of our friends are involved over here http://www.reddit.com/r/decaf/ it may help with the caffine thingy.  I haven't made the brave step over to that sub yet but I may one day.  I try to drink decaf after 9 pm. Not really sure if it works though. 
