-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33kfcw/can_anyone_recommend_anything_to_improve_memory/

Ive just started taking B vitamins. I really thought my memory and concentration would have improved a bit more by now but I seem to still struggle with both short-term and long-term memory. I also get easily distracted...... Oh look a squirrel.... 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd love to know too! I take supplements and leaving the house is still a frustratingly iterative process. I sit in the car and work out what i need to go back into the house and get. Shoes.... ..Back to the car. Oh I can't see need glasses......Back to the car. Now where's my phone gone?.....Back to the car. Where did I put my keys?! Oh there they are at the bottom of my handbag. What are they doing there? Now where did I put my lunch....?..It's a miracle I get to work some days especially if I try taking something extra like a gym kit.
B12 is good.  But the brain is like a muscle. The more you push it the stronger it gets.  No fast solutions just hard work. 
What does your sleep look like? Are you getting 8 hours regularly?..Are you hydrated?..Do you have unmanaged allergies?..How stable is your blood sugar?..Do you exercise?..Have you been through any life changes/stressors emotionally exhausting events or trauma in the last 6 months?..All of these have a role in attention and memory. Sleep is the most obvious one a lot of people miss. Allergies were the biggest key for me which was surprising...And my phone isn't giving me the amount of time you have sober but PAWS is another likely culprit- post acute withdrawal syndrome. 
Take up birdwatching. Same tree as the squirrel Seriously. ..Take the focus off of yourself.  Relax don't try to measure the healing process and understand that it has much to deal with...You have 76 days!!!  celebrate that
Congratulations on your sober time!  As for memory I am of an age where memory declines anyway so I' happy for anything I remember.
Practice practice practice...You don't take B-vitamins to improve your math or spelling...you practice those skills and learn them. Memory is the same way. 
Never drink again (and do that one day at a time).  That's my plan for improving cognitive skills in general.  :)  It's also my plan for improving my health relationships career etc.  I think it's working. 
