-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33l9wp/minimize_your_needs_and_maximize_your_contentment/

About a month after starting a new career as a yoga teacher is when I finally decided to get sober. My practice was one of the things I leaned on most heavily in early sobriety. I'm always looking for interesting items to read to my students during meditation and recently re-read BKS Iyengar's *Light on Life.*..I came across a passage I'd highlighted in the section where he is discussing what is required for a yoga practice: ** We minimize our needs so that we can minimize our attachments and to maximize our contentment. **..It struck me the first time I read that because it was when I was still struggling to let go of alcohol. I wanted to hold on to being able to drink  like everyone else  so much that I was willing to try literally everything except giving up alcohol entirely...And it occurred to me quite clearly at that moment that as long as I felt that way there was an external source dictating my happiness and contentment. I started noticing it in other areas of my life too. Sure I can have preferences for clothes or foods I like or where I'd like to practice yoga but none of those dictate whether or not I'm happy. How I felt about drinking was different. I felt like I needed and deserved  to be normal  so much that I was willing to blind myself to the extremely negative consequences it brought into my life...To sit down and say to myself  I need or deserve alcohol to relax or escape  immediately put me in a position of disadvantage. I put barriers up to my own sense of contentment. This can go for a lot of things: I need this specific job to be successful I need this food to feel better I need this car to be happy etc. Sure some of these things have less harmful consequences than others but all of them base the sense of self-worth and accomplishment on something outside of just being a decent human being. ..The fact is that people get laid off that special bakery goes out of business or that car breaks down at some point. Why allow your contentment to be tied to what will most certainly change? If I ever find myself saying  Oh I could never be happy without X  I ask myself what I'd do if X was gone. It might sound morbid but it's a good reality check...We are resilient strong creatures who pick ourselves up after unimaginable loss and pain. There are few things in life that are constant but one thing we have the ability to shift at will is perspective. So instead of focusing on how unfair it felt that I couldn't drink like my husband or friends who do it moderately the perspective became how freeing it was to decide that my happiness was not contingent on the consumption of a particular substance. Not unsurprisingly that shift has been what's allowed me to feel comfortable sitting in a bar or at a big family meal where there's free wine everywhere. Instead I know I'll enjoy myself remember the conversation and be available to get myself and others home safely if needed...I hope this resonates with some of you as it has with me. **Minimize your needs and you maximize your contentment.**.
----------immediate responses--------

This resonates quite strongly with me. Thanks to some nudging by others on this board I thought about this concept of being happy without needing external crutches. This week has been a course in refining my thinking and the ideas you mentioned here dovetail nicely with all of it. Thanks for sharing this. ...
You are singing my song! Happiness comes from within...Protip  [Blow up your TV] (https://youtu.be/whpf4Xs2ww8)
Yup... giving up a lot of people places and THINGS... have made my life much easier! ..Less expectations mean less disappointment. ..The Keep it Simple approach works pretty good for me! ..Thanks.  Nice post! .
Every morning I've been reading this sub and every morning I find something useful I can take with me that helps shape the rest of the day I create for myself...Thank you for this post. 
as a fellow yogi this absolutely rings true with me as well! great post and thanks for sharing your insights =)
good advice for anyone
