-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33licn/i_turn_here_out_of_desperation/

Last summer when I was drying out and attending AA meetings I had a very stressful life change. My boyfriend suddenly wanted to move to a different house citing his belief that the house we were renting had mold that aggravated his allergies. The house where he wanted to move smelled badly of cat and dog piss but he said we could clean it up fix it up and possibly buy and resell the home. (We are on a rental with option to buy contract and the house is priced very low especially for its location and the fact that it is structurally sound.)..So while I was going through my early withdrawal we were painting walls thoroughly saturating the basement floor which was the source of the smell in vinegar patching concrete etc. It was hard for me and as my sobriety progressed I went through my pink cloud phase then felt utterly exhausted. I could barely make it through work...In December I had a minor relapse but I had been sober since January that is up until last night...Our landlord allows pets and owns a pet store. My boyfriend asked me what I would think about getting a dog. I told him I believed in adopting a dog in need from a shelter but he insisted he wanted a shiba inu from the pet store. We got her. I became very attached to her because I do love animals but a month later I came home from work to find him with two more shiba puppies. He wanted to keep them both. He finally got me to agree to one and at the time he agreed that we would not get any more animals. We already have four fish tanks besides. So we got [our girls](http://i.imgur.com/AkTM9Wv.jpg) and I love them. They are a lot of work though and I sometimes feel overwhelmed...So every time we go to the pet store he sees another animal he wants and asks me what I think even though he had already agreed that enough is enough. Every time I tell him he knows what I think. In the meantime he got the idea that we should have chickens. I reminded him that chickens are prohibited by city ordinance but he kept bringing it up. One weekend I visited my dad who does live in the country with a hobby farm. He was incubating eggs. I suggested to my boyfriend that he could borrow my dad's incubator hatch some eggs then give the chicks to my dad. I thought this would make him happy. Nope. Even though he is hatching chicks he still wants to go to the farm store and get more. He has even talked about creating diapers for them and keeping them in the house. "No one will ever know..." according to him...Keep in mind that he brings this up daily. Meanwhile I was trying to stay sober and actually doing quite well...Some other animals he wants:..* a pig..* a rabbit..* guinea pigs..* another dog..* he wants to breed one of our shibas and have puppies..* cats..Okay so that last one. Cats. I used to have a cat and I gave him to my brother. I love cats but I don't like litter and I hate cleaning up after them...Monday he was in a bad car accident and has to wear a neck brace now. Monday and Tuesday were hell for me because I was so scared something would happen to him. I felt like my head was going to explode from the stress...When we returned to town he discovered that a dove had been caught in our wire fence and injured so he got some supplies to help nurse her back to health. OK I would have done the same...I researched doves and learned they can eat parakeet feed. So we went. To the pet store. And he returned with two cats. "Don't worry we're just keeping them for a trial to socialize Peaches and Hoshi (our dogs)." He said he didn't care any more if I didn't want them he was going to get them...So I'm at home with two dogs and two cats running all over the house I just cleaned which has to be cleaned every day btw and I'm the one who does it. My boyfriend doesn't seem to notice the mess...So my stress level was 11/10 and I was sitting stunned taking drag after drag from my e-cig. My bf asked me what was wrong and I just said "We have two cats two dogs and four fish tanks. What will be next."..He responded "I know you want to drink. Just get some wine. Get me something too."..So I did. I drank the bottle he drank his bottle and for a couple of hours I felt at least somewhat relaxed...This morning I was eating breakfast before work the cats were meowing the dogs were battling for my attention. I usually hug them and pet them but I didn't even feel inclined to do so...Then he got up and I made the mistake of confronting him calling him an animal hoarder and telling him I was afraid this would never stop. I reminded him that our plan when we moved to this small homophobic town was to gtfo after five years of resume building and that we wouldn't be able to find a landlord that allowed the number of pets we currently have. I even blamed him for not caring about my sobriety. The agreement that Hoshi was to be our last animal. Why can't he be happy with them? Etc...He responded that maybe he should leave me. I feel like my whole world is falling to pieces. Just when I think I couldn't be under more stress more comes. I feel like I am losing my mind...Maybe I am crazy. I do love animals. I'm vegetarian ffs. But I also know my limits. To be fair he has given our dogs extraordinary veterinary care grooming and exercise but he can barely afford it. He is biting off more than he can chew. This is more than I can handle...I am seriously considering drinking again tonight. Last night after drinking I was no longer worried about any of this. On the other hand I don't want to do this. I have been advised that my sobriety has to come first...I love him. I really do. But this many pets seriously disrupts our future options and the only thing that allows me to survive living in this community is the idea that we will one day be able to leave...His physician has noticed some of my bf's obsessions and she has referred him to a psychiatrist. I want to stand by and support him but if I do or say nothing I can't imagine the number of animals we will have in our home. We worked so hard to get the house in shape but the dogs have caused some damage and everything is coming undone not just in the house but in my mind...I want to write a tl;dr for this but I have no idea how to summarize what I don't clearly understand myself. I'm desperate. I don't know where else to turn.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow....lots of stuff.  Good luck with all of this.  If I may say....you need to take care of YOU.  You need to make sure you are sober and you are happy.  This behavior by your boyfriend is incredibly selfish imo.  ..Honestly when I think about it his behavior is eerily similar to the behavior I know all too well as an alcoholic:  co-dependent manipulative selfish and self-centered.
Sorry to say this but I don't see this guy changing his behavior any time soon. He might be in the process of getting help but the damage he's doing to you isn't in the future it's now. This is extremely self-centered self-serving behavior. I'm not trying to take sides here but this aren't the actions of someone who is taking your wishes seriously. Don't wait for him to someday become the person you deserve today. You're going to have to take care of your own needs yourself. I don't think he's going to look up and notice what you need anytime soon.
Is there room in your relationship for what YOU want and need?
Two shibas in itself is a lot. *One* siba is a lot. There's a breed specific rescue for them near me which always has a ton of purebred dogs with no real issues. They're very pretty and smart but the amount of exercise and training they take is too much for most people. ..Has your boyfriend followed up with the psychiatrist? It sounds like he is willing to do whatever it takes to protect his behavior including getting you drunk. I used to be willing to do whatever it took to protect my drinking so I know the feeling. However he is showing total disregard for your feelings and wellbeing and the way he encouraged you to drink to quiet your objections is unsettling...I also know the feeling of drinking to make an intolerable situation feel tolerable for a couple of hours. It never works in the long run because it's hard to stay drunk constantly...Remember that you don't have to do anything you don't want to do. You always have a choice even if it is to make alternate plans for yourself. Which is easier for an outsider to say than for you to do but that is the direction I would be heading.....Do you have insurance? It sounds like you might benefit from speaking with a therapist just to help you untangle this and come up with a plan to move forward...Good luck with all of this and please keep us posted on your progress.
Wow. ..So in my opinion and it is just that - take it or leave it because you know what is best for you - you need to get out of what appears to be a toxic relationship or give him an ultimatum in the hopes of salvaging it. You have sacrificed so much already but you need to put yourself first selfishly. Especially in early sobriety I feel...We're here for you; keep us updated if you want more advice and good luck!
Getting sober is as selfish as being drunk. You need time for you to stay sober.
EDIT:  I read through the thread and my opinion has softened somewhat.  I was going to delete what I wrote but it's a good lesson for me and my knee jerk reactions...I still believe you have every right to be hella pissed off..........OH LORD!!..My heckles were rising just reading this.   Who adopts multiple animals without talking to their SO.  And then steamrollers them when they do object after the fact?...I would have packed a bag as soon as he walked in with those cats.  That is absolutely unacceptable behavior....And now you're going to drink to relive your stress but it will only make it worse when you're hungover tomorrow....You poor poor thing.  No one should be treated that way.  Especially someone who is looking to lean on their SO for support during a difficult time....I am very sympathetic with SO's not understanding or even road blocking our condition.  How could they possibly understand it?...But your guy is way beyond that.  If you'd never had a drop in your life I would still tell you to kick him to the curb...What a motherfucker!!!
I agree that you should pay attention to your own recovery at top priority. I live with a similar situation to yours and the SO wanted to get a cat. I caved and said "OK" as long as you take care of the litter and shit. Guess what? It's now my chore. That cat will most likely out live us both. The SO is also a bartender and a horrible drunk to boot..It's the one reason if any I stopped drinking at it has had some positive effects in our relationship. The SO is totally OCD and as I see it I fall pretty low on the scale of priority. 1. Dog 2. Cat. 3. Bar-tending/drinking 4. Me. It's sad but true and although I hate feeling that way I can live with it only because I put myself and my sobriety first.  My therapist told me long ago that I need to stay on my side of the fence all I can do is work on my shit and there is no changing the SO so I don't wast time and energy in this area. The SO will or will not discover the consequences of the choices made. Above all put yourself first and don't allow yourself to enable his behavior if at all possible. So be it if the shit hits the fan it sounds as if it will only because of his obsession with critters and he needs to be accountable for his choices. That is not your job! Good luck on this one and remember you have a choice every minute of the day!! Oh by the way I am in a Married/Gay relationship as well.
