-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33lw96/3_days_in/

I have been a long time lurker on reddit as a whole and on this sub on occasion. I finally decided to create an account and post because I just felt the urge to "just go get a little something to drink" to "take the edge off." I thought posting here would help me get past that urge. As a matter of fact as I write this I realize that drinking is the worst thing I could do. ..At any rate I have struggled with alcohol for since I was 21 (am 30 now). It started after some bad things happened between a friend and I.  One night after a particularly bad bout of drama I thought to myself "I'm going to get drunk to get this of my mind." That was the first time I bought a bottle of alcohol took it home and drank the entire thing to myself in one night. This behavior came and went but fortunately it was not too regular (though still bad). It became worse years later when I was in law school. The stress was really getting to me and I relied on alcohol to "help." I graduated law school in 2012 and am now (fortunately) gainfully employed. However I have continued this almost constant binge drinking. As recently as Monday night I bought a bottle drank the entire thing and woke up knowing I can not continue to do this. I have had similar realizations in the past and usually I get about a week sober and then binge - cycle restarts. Now I'm trying this subreddit (along with other things) to try to stay on track. ..I appreciate you reading this.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  I have found that regularly checking in here and reading all these similar stories of struggle and triumph and all the support and encouragement to be hugely helpful on my sober journey.  Good luck!
Hello Good Luck on your journey.  A lot of people takes a death family leaving or the law to bring them here.  Glad to see for you it didn't.  One thing I think is really helpful is finding some local like minded people to chat with.
Great! I also started an account to help me stop drinking! Keep it up!
Glad you're here! Don't drink today and you'll have had a successful day!
Hi closing on three days myself.  I know that pattern well realization sober week than binge.  I had something of a revalation today while reading the 24 hour pledge thread.  I see these people with large numbers next to their name and I imagine myself like that how I want to be there and all of the sudden I thought "woah let's not put the cart before the horse 24 hours first anon."  Something kind of hit me with that thought.   There is a lot things I want and I can have a tendency to not put in the work.  The work for this is to not drink today and then repeat.  I know it might be a rough road but I want that high number next to my name and I think I understand a little bit more of the work to get there
Way to keep at it!  I know that it is frustrating and depressing to see how the alcohol seems to control you as oppose to you controlling it. I lived with that for quite a while as I wanted to stop drinking but couldn't.  In fact for me it got to be that every single day I decided to stop but ended up drinking. It was this site that helped me to stop.  You keep on trying that's the secret to success!
This is the first place I came when I realized I had a problem. Before I decided to actually quit and before I went to my first AA meeting I created an account here and I posted almost every day. I found so much encouragement. This is a whole different world of people just like us. Keep coming back!
