-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33s4cp/i_cant_do_it/

It's been years of struggle and my health is deteriorating.  But I can't stop wanting.
----------immediate responses--------

You don't have to stop wanting you just have to stop giving in. The will comes with time spent resisting. 
For myself I would add a small edit: I couldn't do it *alone*.  Have you tried seeking medical help or going to a meeting? 
[deleted]
I highly recommend the Allen Carr book.   It helped me to stop wanting.   
I was at lunch the other day &amp; I couldn't stop wanting what was on some other guy's plate.  I didn't stand up and rudely take it from him.  Just because you want something doesn't mean you have to act on that want...The longer you go without alcohol the less you will want it.  I made a chart of all the hours in the day &amp; crossed off each hour as it passed.  [Here's the chart.](http://i.imgur.com/9WumIUV.jpg)  I knew that as long as I made it through the hour without drinking the want would get further &amp; further away. It worked...It's hard to get some distance between you and alcohol.  But you've only gotta do it once.  You weren't born in this world craving alcohol.  You don't have to die this way.  But it all starts with you.
Get a shot of vivitrol or ask your doc for naltrexone. Alcoholism is just a symptom of a deeper problem. The tip of the iceberg- it's how I cope with life
It took months for my desire to go away completely but it lessened considerably when I surrounded myself with people in AA who were in the same boat I was. They taught me how to not drink for one day and they told me exactly how to go about it. I followed their instructions as best I could. I could not tell you the day the desire left me all I can tell you is that I realized one day that it I had not wanted a drink for quite some time. I didn't do it perfectly and still don't but so far it still works for me one day at a time...You don't have to stop wanting right away but be assured that it can and will go away if you do what I did.
I just needed to find something I wanted more it took some time but it turns out there is millions of things I want more than alcohol. I pursue those things and I go to bed fulfilled. There's something out there for you you just have to take the time to search it out. Best of luck!
