-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33t05o/a_thought_on_usernames/

I wonder if we shouldn't pop a little piece of advice regarding usernames in the sidebar...I think many of us particularly newbies create a separate username for this sub. Many folk seem to make these names in the depths of despair during the worst hangover of their lives which can lead to quite negative names. /u/Imalwaysfuckingdrunk /u/nevergoingtobeabletoquit and /u/constantlybloodyrelapsingIshityounot. That sort of thing....It can't be healthy to your attempt to go sober to have that sort of username that you have to type in every day. I've noticed for example that all the high number guys have neutral or positive handles. /u/coolcrosby and /u/offtherocks come to mind. ...Those folk with negative and or positive handles do you find it makes a difference to your mindset in the sub? 
----------immediate responses--------

Mine surprisingly has nothing to do with alcohol but to each his or her own I guess. Plus I think a lot of the long ones like you mentioned above just end up being throwaways.
I changed mine :)..It does make a subtle difference to me. Not that my previous choice was terrible it served its purpose. I just chose a different anthem.
Mine started as an alter but eventually I said "fuck it" and started using it as my main account. If I post on another sub and someone wants to go digging through my post history they'll see I'm a recovering alcoholic.  But if someone IRL goes digging into my past they'll learn the same thing so I just accept it as part of my identity now. I may be ashamed of some of the things I did while drinking but I'm sure as hell not ashamed to be in recovery from addiction...Crap... i went way off topic. I chose a name that would constantly remind me of what is waiting for me if I ever pick up a drink again. I think it's important to remember the despair it avoid romanticizing the good ol days. But yeah if someone is earnestly working a plan and getting sober the time will come when they'll have trouble continuing to identify as u/patheticdrunk.  
I do agree when I see some of the names here that they were probably chosen by someone at a low and desperate point in someones life and might not be the greatest choice.Whether it has an affect on someones recovery one way or the other I can't say...I look at mine not as negative but just matter of fact.I picked it a long while after I was sober based on fact. I drank away a shit ton of money messed up relationships lost a lot of memories and failed to even try to create others. This is just something I have had to accept and move forward. August will be four years sober for me which may sound like a lot to people new to quitting the drink but is barely over 10% of the years I drank. My mind is in a pretty great place today but it is an in my own face reminder that if I lose focus I really could end up drinking myself to death.
I made this username specifically for this sub (though I don't have another name that I post here with on other subs - it's all r/SD all the time baby!) I'd lurked here enough to know that I wanted something neutral for the exact reasons you mentioned. And my username doesn't mean much I just had some ginger sprouting in the kitchen that I was considering trying to plant in a pot...I'd suggest putting something in the sidebar or the FAQ about this but then we'd have to figure out how to get the newbies to look at the sidebar or the FAQ.... Oh well...On a sidenote I suspect that many people come back here a couple of times under different names so /u/sooooodrunkishityounot eventually becomes /u/stairclimbinghero when they're ready to really quit.
I could not agree more with you about the user names.  Thank you for saying this.
This is something I've often pondered.  Negative user names enhances negativity I think.  If I had a negative name I'd read it each time I logged in.  Each time I posted.  Each time I see my flair in the sidebar.  It would remind me of what I didn't want to be not of who I wanted to become...Just like getting a badge is committing to sobriety I think picking a positive user name can be a tool of commitment...In my case this is basically my only reddit account.  In past drunkenness and in present sobriety it is me online.
I'm using my real username. So I guess you guys will be able to learn that I like motorcycles and Kings hockey and taoism and those people in those subs can find me out as an alcoholic also. Its like AA to me; we aren't ratting people out but someone can still see you walk in ya know? My Sunday morning meeting is on the beach next to a bike path. Probably about 1000 people see me there in the bright sunshine every week sitting in a big circle talking about being an alcoholic. At some point it doesn't matter what others think of me or my choice to be sober I am not ashamed of getting help instead of barreling towards oblivion with a bottle of whiskey in each hand...And I picked this name when I forgot my old reddit login ha!
Went on some username generating website months ago to get mine. At that point I had no intentions of getting sober - I just wanted a new account. But now the name seems fortuitous!
I've always used my real username - I like that there is some accountability with it and I sometimes suggest this sub when drinking issues come up on other subs I read.  If someone was nosy they could go through my post/comment history and see that I was a real person dealing with this issue...I have a separate username for some personal throwaway style matters which I keep well away from this one.
I finally decided to make an account for SD this morning. I know I didn't choose a very creative username but I think it's what I need right now.
Mine has been mine since high school in the 90s.  I chose it when I was an angsty teen and I love the anonymity of it. Just some neutral person I could be any other.
Mine's my quit date and a reference to my hair colour :)
I see my name as pretty neutral (Feel free to argue with me :) ). I did make it just for this sub. And it does directly translate to Methylated Spirit which is how many people refer to alcohol here ("He's really on the metho tonight!" / "Nah I'm off the the meth")...But then:.."Denatured alcohol also called methylated spirits or spiritus is ethanol that has additives to make it poisonous extremely bad tasting foul smelling or nauseating to discourage recreational consumption. In some cases it is also dyed."...I don't feel that it really makes a difference. To me I'd be doing the same thing regardless. Plus I don't really like usernames (for me that is) like "Staying_strong_1111" or whatever.
