-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33t34m/this_cocktail_tastes_of_rum/

*After 130 days of being sober I relapsed hard...* Is what I might have typed up in a submission to this sub or perhaps /r/tifu had I not realized that the sip I had just taken from the cocktail in my hand (named after my zodiac sign and with pineapple juice if you must know) which I had explicitly requested be of the virginal variety was laced with a egregious amount of rum. I'm positive the waitress heard what had said--maybe she just forgot. Who knows? Point is I was sitting there with alcohol numbing my tongue in a loud crowded tavern with three of my friends at a table. ..I quickly excused myself and made my way to the bathroom which fortunately was empty. I spit out my un-swallowed mouth's contents into the sink and made my way back to the table. One of my friends asked what was up and I proclaimed my drink had alcohol in it and that I was going to ask the waitress for a new one. Another one of my friends who just so happened to be my latest ex expressed interest in drinking it herself. Why not? She and the two others end up splitting my pineapple juice rum cocktail in addition to their own cocktails and beer. I was content with my water and nachos. The one who had originally asked me what was up spoke up and inquired why I didn't drink. I told her that the last time I drank I fucked up really bad..."What happened?" She asked..."Well I drank too much and messed up. I did some shit I regret and I decided that I was going to stop drinking." I tried to say nonchalantly...All the while I glanced knowingly at my other two friends--my ex and her roommate (he's adored by almost all including myself). They were drinking their cocktails but I didn't pass judgement upon them nor did they upon myself. For a brief moment if felt like my ex and I were back together. In fact that whole night we were smiling and laughing together just like before... Before I did what at the time seemed like irreparable damage to my relationship with her and my friendship with him the cool roommate...Part of me is tempted to get back together with her but a larger part of me knows its too soon she wouldn't go for it and I don't know if I myself would be ready. I mean she did treat me kind of poorly and called herself a bitch for it but I also fucked up big time (more than once surprisingly) and was kind of an asshole. We're only human I guess. .."That's cool. A lot of guys say they're never going to drink again but end up doing so anyway." Our friend continued..."Not me. I made my decision." I said with confidence...The moment those words slipped from my tongue I felt like I had gained the respect of my ex her roommate and her friend but most importantly a whole lot of self respect. I imagined my ex and her roommate felt a bit of relief as well knowing alcohol will no longer be a factor in how I behave around them. ..I then became very aware of the fact that I was sitting in a tavern surrounded by alcohol people drinking alcohol and that I had even gotten alcohol in my mouth earlier yet I was able to persevere with my teetotal commitment. The band that was there was playing some groovy sweet tunes the company was warm and delightful and you know what? I was happy....*Edit: For clarity*
----------immediate responses--------

This is such an awe-inspiring true life story.  Good on you!  If your ex treated you poorly maybe you could move on.  But still I think you can do whatever you want with that kind of strength. :)
&gt;I realized I was happy...That makes me want to cry...Great job!
that is awsome! I hope to be that strong one day :D
Good save.  Really glad you are happy with who you are and you deserve the respect you got that night. 
This is such a great story! Good on you for keeping a clean sheet!.Onwards and upwards : )
[deleted]
[Mmmhmmm](http://images.rapgenius.com/a0fw7gppl3vf89k4ncfuoj34d.552x464x1.jpg)
Congrats man- why did you use the word "relapse?"
Congratz! That was no relapse in my book...A relapse starts before the first sip which is intentional.
[deleted]
yo. brush those teeth. Those virgins are sugary as all hell. Good job.
Awesome post...Family members still don't believe I'm totally done with alcohol. It's ok they'll believe me one day. Or they won't. I can live either way and thrive now that it's out of my life.
