-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33thpf/honesty_i_messed_up_guys/

Hey you all. ..I've quit drinking. For a hundred days. And then a little more...And then the insanity kicked in. There was this party I was looking forward to for a long time. And weeks before. I was proud. Because I was going to be sober. I had a friend who knew I wouldn't drink and I was so freaking sure I wasn't going to. ..But days before my walls slowly broke down. I went to a meeting. Discussed my struggle. Doubted about not going to this party at all. ..But the voice inside my head this whole saturday last week.. I screwed up. I had only had a few sips of my first beer and I was already thinking about my next glasses of wine. ..And then I woke up. In a room I wasn't supposed to wake up. Having no memory about leaving the house a few hours earlier. Having almost no memory at all. ..And then I walked into a kitchen. And saw an almost full bottle of wine. ..And all I could do was take a sip...I hate this. I hate how I can put so much pieces back together. Make my life better. And still (willingly) go back to that awful point...When I quit in December I swore to myself I was never ever going to be physically addicted again. Yet that's where I am right now. Because I didn't stop after that sip of wine. I went on and on. And right now I'm shaking and crying and off to my doctor...Sorry for the ramble. I just really don't know what to do anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

Start over. It's the only option. We can't stop starting over and whacking away at it til we start getting it right. One day at a time. One rule I made for myself early and I still stick to it is this: Don't go where there's alcohol being served unless there's a very goddamn good reason. I just don't expose myself to it or to people whose primary purpose is to get stupid. Been there done that out of it at least for today and grateful. My hopes and prayers are all with you friend.
Yeah that is a bummer...I feel for you...Time to start thinking about the future: What are you going to do differently this time? What triggers were there that you didn't recognize / mitigate? What are you going to do now?..We're still here...glad you're back in the game /u/MyHeartStillBeats!
Oh man yeah. Relapsing last year taught me a harsh lesson about how addicted I am. I find it hard to quit the next day too - or stay quit for more than a day or two. That part is part of the addiction and the screwed up thinking that got me to believe that drinking again was somehow a good idea - that's part of the addiction too. Unfortunately the addiction doesn't go away even when we stay sober - though it sounds like you learned that for yourself. That saying about your alcoholism being right outside doing pushups waiting for you to come back out - it didn't seem literal to me until I went through it myself. ..Don't be too hard on yourself right now quit and get well. You've done it before and this time around you can use what you learned about your drinking and yourself to avoid the things that tripped you up last time. I'm now seeing a therapist and going to AA because I know I've got to do more than I did last time if I want to stay sober. But you'll figure out what works best for you. Take care and be well!
You're being accountable instead of giving up and continuing to drink. That's really strong and shows you gained a lot in those 100+ days that you haven't lost. ..Today your job is to not drink. You know you can do that. Yesterday doesn't matter anymore just don't drink today. Take a few breaths and then get back to the work.
Now you know there is a line in the big book that says something along the lines of "a bad case of the jitters may be what you needed".  Time to move on. You posted and that is important.  Kudos for that and good luck.
its said that we send a few people out to check out what the drinking world is like so they can come and report back to us. Thanks for doing that research and keeping me sober today. Now you know. And you're back. In SMART they talk about the difference between a lapse and a relapse. Do not let this become a relapse. 
Learn from this experience. One thing that has been different this time around for me is I do not put myself in situations where I know there will be alcohol. I have had to miss many parties Thanksgiving with friends and work functions because of it but it's worth it. My sobriety is my priority. 
[deleted]
That is a sad story alright. But I don't think it is the end of the world.  Like that old Song says ' pick yourself up dust yourself off start all over again"!
