-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33u4uo/5_days_today/

Today marks day 5 of sobriety. A couple years ago I recognized that alcohol was a problem in my life and stayed sober for 4 months until I relapsed. Boy did I relapse hard. I'm a definite binge drinker but when I'm not binge drinking I have about 3 drinks a day...Last December I started drinking again heavily. It was after I had been to a few AA meetings and decided to wallow in self pity at my inability to stay sober. Since then I've been binge drinking about 3 times a week and blacking out usually one or two of those nights...Saturday night/ Sunday morning was my final wake up call. I ended up in the hospital because I overdosed. Scariest part was waking up not knowing where I was with all kinds of tubes and IVs sticking out of me. Almost lost my job and definitely lost the respect of some of my friends. But I found some comfort knowing that above all else they were just worried for me...I didn't think I would be hit so hard with withdrawal symptoms since I don't always drink every day... shows what I know. Shakey hot flashes no appetite insomnia.. and I'm SO INCREDIBLY EMOTIONAL. One thing's for sure I never want to experience this again. ..I know this time my quitting is for real. I know because I am speaking this truth into existence.. and also because I am actually at peace with the idea of never drinking again. Last time I went to AA I was dreading not being able to drink again but this time I really want it. I WANT to be sober. I'm happy I've made this decision...Just needed to write that all out.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here save this post so you can easily get back to it and remember why you want to be sober. I'm already forgetting from time to time and I haven't really been at this very long. Good luck!
Yeah withdrawal is terrible I had an awfull one a year ago. I was scared straight for about 3 weeks till I picked up the sauce again..Insane.
[deleted]
