-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33vusc/im_sorry_im_such_a_failure/

Im on day 9 and as i was called in the irc  chat  im a "chronic relapser"I feel like such a failure.I don't think peoples opinions of me can get any lower than they are now.I'm doing online SMART meetings and they are helping i just need to sort out my depression so i wont feel the need to turn to it when i feel sad.I guess im just asking for  tips on how to prevent a lapse apart from going to  AA.How do i ge a thicker skin? being repeatedly told you are something one starts to believe the stuff  they are being called in my opinionwell for me anyway.I also would like to apologize if i offended anyone on irc .
----------immediate responses--------

Viota it's okay. I'll probably relapse too. I was a chronic relapser. Most people are at one point. Don't listen to people's hate or bitterness...Honestly time is so stupid and irrelevant. The 93 days I have is the same as 1. Just 93 1's and honestly every day sober is a victory. Don't think so much about the past or the future. Stay in now. I can't advise much besides maybe a new living situation. One where you aren't alone and maybe are around people you can trust to help keep you accountable...I really wish you the best. I've known you for a long time and know you can achieve sobriety.
If people are mean to you in the irc chat you may want to report them or not subject yourself to that by leaving. ..Everyone stumbles the fact that you have 7 days is wonderful. ..I have tried to quit drinking probably 1000 times. ..Eventually it stuck and once you get beyond ya know... a year...? it gets easier i think. 
I would stick to this sub and avoid the irc then. This sub is really positive. 
[deleted]
Nine days is a great start! What's going to keep you motivated to make it 10 12 19 30...? For me the CBA was a powerful tool. Other friends got a lot of value from the HOV. DO ONE. It takes motivation to deal with urges and cravings. Its easy to give in until your motivation is strong...I didn't go to meetings until I was motivated. I quickly learned strategies that work for me-urge surfing distraction delaying labeling and disputing were helpful early on. There are lots of strategies to choose from. Its just a matter of figuring out which ones will help...And one things that's cool about SMART's use of REBT/CBT? The same methods are effective dealing with depression. meds are helpful. mine are like a life preserver that keeps me floating in the middle of the lake. I still have to swim to shore and tools like the ABCs get me there.
&gt;i just need to sort out my depression...Have you been to see a physician? This was step one for me. It was only once I got this sorted out that quitting became even remotely thinkable. Then it was surprisingly easy (so far).
&gt;I guess im just asking for tips on how to prevent a lapse **apart from going to AA.**..Why?
You get a thicker skin by working it out. .If you don't want to relapse anymore I have good news: you don't have to. ..If you're willing to do anything to quit and stay quit you will take the action necessary to do so. If you need to get your depression sorted well most antidepressants don't work as well if you drink with them. Taking a depressant while being depressed won't get you better. ..Have you considered inpatient rehab? A structured outpatient? In the US each state has a fund for uninsured and low income folks to get help...Would you be willing to walk and sit down in the lobby of a hospital or police station every time you feel that craving to drink and stay there until it passes? ..How invested are you in getting better? I don't mean that in an accusing way at all but as a reflective question you can ask yourself. When you have that terrible craving are you willing to call someone and tell on yourself rather than drink? ..Willingness real active willingness is important. Not just thinking you're ready but deciding to act like it. ..The only opinion of you that you have control of is yours. You can't control what other people think and what they think doesn't define you. Other people don't have the power to make you anything- to make you relapse to make you give up to make you stay sober to make you happy. The only way other people "make" us do things is when we've given ourselves to them. Which is our doing not theirs. You get to choose who you give your power to. You get to choose whether a stranger is worth getting upset over. It may not feel like you have that power because you may never have used it before. But that's a muscle to start working out- your boundaries your power. And when you get to a point where you can say "you know this person doesn't know me. Their opinion isn't the most important one in my life right now. Mine is. What they're saying about me it's about them and their bad day." It feels really really good. And it makes sobriety a lot easier. 
So what? I doubt that there are very many of us who woke up one morning decided to get sober and stayed that way...I took me years of miserable failure until I got it through my thick head that what I thought would work didn't work at all.
Good on you for posting in here any who posts is not a failure.  At least they are trying.  Keep at it. 
Your last goodbye post was about the IRC as well.  Maybe you should stick to the main board in the future..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2xhr5i/goodbye_for_now/
Hey! This is Sally! I care about you and know you can do this. You have lots of insight and other positive qualities you can use in your recovery. &amp; I love seeing you in chat.
