-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33w8w0/sobriety_is_getting_easier/

Now as am closing in on 100 days (who would've known) I'm starting to notice my brain has completely different ways of solving emotional pain....Before if I hurt I drank. If I lived I drank If I cried I drank whatever whatever you all know. Now if I'm upset I think ok. Maybe read a book. Play a video game. Make some music....Drinking does come to my doorstep to haunt me still sometimes but I tell myself if anything that's the last resort. Try all the other things on my list before I take a sip of anything. Use IRC. And before I know it I have another day of sobriety...The hardest temptation I've had so far is well I work at a hotel and sometimes guests leave alcohol behind for house maid's as a tip. If the maid doesn't want it they leave it in a closet for employees and anyone can take it. I saw a cider the other night and took it. 5% alcohol not bad I thought. Maybe I'll hold onto this until I relapse...I'm sad I even took it I didn't have to but tonight I decided to give it to my friend. He was happy and didn't think too much of it. He knows I'm trying sobriety but I don't think he cared too much I held onto that drink for a night. ..So I kinda gave into that temptation but then again didn't. I'm realizing sobriety is a huge journey. It's not just "Oh I'm fixed!" woo!!!! Nope.  Every day is a battle. But it is getting easier...Thanks all. Love you guys...
----------immediate responses--------

You're doing great man. I hope to see a shift in your attitude of expecting to relapse though. You don't have to relapse ever again! It's up to you and you can do this. You *are* doing this. Relapse isn't necessary. That can all be behind you now...Keep up the good work and congrats on 3 months!
Nice job giving the cider away.  See what your brain was doing?.... ....same thing that mine does all the time...trying to rationalize why it would be ok to even consider drinking again.  Only 5%?  Or with me "by now you can handle it".  You did a great job not giving in.  Bravo!  I won't give in either..Congrats on your almost 100 days.  Glad you are finding healthier ways to deal with day to day life.  Stay strong xxfivefiresxx!!    You got this.  You know you do!
I'm right behind you and I totally get the "who would have known?" sentiment. I still have people that find out I quit and say "Festyballs?? Really?". I was at a music festival a couple weekends ago and had numerous drinks put in front of me. I couldn't sit down or hang in someone's camper without a drink sliding towards my hand. I didn't drink and I didn't want to but the temptation was there. Thanks for sharing your story and letting me share mine.
Can't wait to read your 100 day post. Sounds like you have made a breakthrough. You made the choice not to drink. That's huge. There is nothing more important than that on this journey.
i just posted something similar! it's nice to see that another person is feeling the same way I am. at about 3 months I really started feeling awesome and well  free. ..but you're right we'll never be out of the woods. ..good luck to you and awesome job at staying sober
