-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/33yjzr/a_year/

Hey everyone. So it's been a year for me...In January 2014 I went to see a therapist because my life had become unmanageable - really there are no better words for it. The therapist asked about my relationship with alcohol I told him he informed me that my inability to cope with the challenges of everyday life might well be due to my alcohol consumption. ..During the three months that followed his words kept echoing in my head. I tried (but often failed) to limit my alcohol intake to four beers per night - anything beyond that and I'd wake up the next day to thoughts of self-loathing a sense of doom and the desire to go back to sleep and never wake up again..I'd sit on flights on my way to an assignment and think that a plane crash wouldn't be so bad really. I'd still go to the uni library on my days off to read but hated the sight of all these bright-eyed students who still had their lives ahead of them - unlike me who at the ripe old age of 31 felt like life was pretty much over...A year later I'm kinda like a duck - doesn't look like it's doing much but there's a lot going on under the surface. That is my life hasn't changed drastically but I'm catching up on some long overdue emotional growth (complete with growing pains). Sobriety - not a silver bullet but rewarding in so many little ways...I'll close with a quote by Aldous Huxley that kept popping into my head over the last year whenever I was struggling:..It's dark because you are trying too hard. Lightly child lightly. Learn to do everything lightly. Yes feel lightly even though you're feeling deeply. Just lightly let things happen and lightly cope with them. I was so preposterously serious in those days Lightly lightly it's the best advice ever given me. So throw away your baggage and go forward. There are quicksands all about you sucking at your feet trying to suck you down into fear and self-pity and despair. That's why you must walk so lightly. Lightly my darling.
----------immediate responses--------

When I stopped thinking about getting to a year (etc) and changed my thinking to why not just not drink today that is when I started to make real strides.  Congrats on your year an awesome achievement.
Top notch post.
I love the quote. Thank you so much.
Wow way to go! Sound like a lot has happened in the past year. It makes me happy to hear you have grown emotionally. Keep up the hard work :)
I love this post. Congrats and thank you!
Congrats! Thanks for your post and helping me stay sober today. 
Congrats thanks for sharing and helping me stay sober today. 
congratulations on your year an invitation to dinosaursinrecovery is tiptoeing to  your inbox.
What a beautiful quote.  Grats on one year.
Amazing quote. 
Good job. 
This is so great. Congrats!!
4 months here. Feeling great and at the same time it's so hard to feel and face everything I used to drink away. Thank you for sharing the perfect quote!
Love the quote. Congrats on a year!!
Nice one... Thanks!
Wow it sounds like you have learned a lot about yourself over that year. To go to the therapist search out the source of problems then commit to working on them shows you to be a very strong and wise person. Also Aldous Huxley rocks!
[deleted]
Congratulations for your first year of sobriety :)
Congratulations!!!  Pretty cool when all those one day at a times add up to something pretty darn substantial. 
&gt; catching up on some long overdue emotional growth..Same here... Better late than never. Congrats on 1 year!
That quote was exactly what I needed to hear today.  Congrats on your year :).
Way to go!  I had a drinking-dream last night where I referenced my pending 1 year of sobriety as a reason to not drink.  But in waking life it's all about looking ahead - I really feel that quote thanks for starting my day off on a good note.
This is a brilliant post congratulations on your fist year out!! I love this quote it resonates so much. I will be treading lightly from now on : )
