-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/346joi/i_am_scared/

I can barely type this I am shaking so badly my throat and mouth are burning ffrom vvomiting. My last drink was sometime yesterday evening. I was out in the sun all day and I got pretty burnt. My body is shaking and I can barely keep any water down. I am so ashamed but I am also kind of scared for my health. I don't want to go to the doctor I don't think I could drive. i don't know why im writing  this. I just feel so helpless and alone in my addiction. I reached out to my sister who struggles with booze too but I kind of got the impression she doesn't want to deal with me. Not that I blame her I have been here before. I just want my mom but I don't want to tell her that its this bad again. I am a mother for fucks sake. How could I get like this again? My son needs me. His father had to take him to daycare because mommy was so sick. Enough is enough. I have to get my life together and confront my issues. I can't live with the guilt of not giving my boy the life and mother he deserves. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you had to detox in the past? Every successive detox gets a little worse. Not saying that to make you mad just to hopefully keep you from having to do this yet again. If you can stick this one out it will be the last time you have to do this. Hope that it is...Shakes are an early withdrawal symptom and are usually gone by day 2. You've got a ways to go yet and it's going to get a little worse before it gets better. Try to stay hydrated and try to stay fed. If you're having trouble keeping anything down you might try something easy like fruit. I've heard that banana has some good qualities for your situation. You might also try to get a little sugar in your system - it's good for cravings. A spoonful of honey might help. Other than that just try to stay occupied try to stay hydrated and keep talking to us here if you're bored or worried. You might also check out the chat room - there are always people in there. Good luck.
First of all: please see a doctor! Depending on how long and how much you drank alcohol withdrawal can kill you (not trying to scare you). They can help you through the initial stage and possibly give you something to alleviate the symptoms...Now that that's out of the way: welcome and thanks for sharing you've come to the right place! You are not alone and there is hope. I know how hard it is to be truly honest about your condition. I know that getting sober and inner healing will allow you to truly be there for your son and the rest of your family. The beginning is always the hardest. Stay strong and blessings.
Hey there as a fellow mother I know how very very hard it was to find myself in such a bad way over and over again.  The guilt was crushing.  /u/coolcrosby's Baby Steps post helped me get started and I return to them every day...Right now I'm concerned for your health and safety.  Please reach out to someone who can get you to some help.  None of us can do this alone...Self compassion and not taking that first drink practiced over and over again accumulates into real positive change over time.  I know you can do this as desperate and awful as you might feel right now I know you can do this...Reach out in your real life just like you did here.  Help is there...I hope you keep posting.
Hi and welcome back.  That feeling of being alone and scared truly sucks!  I am sorry for you...Have you thought about instead of focusing on how alone you are right now this might be a good time for you to go seek some real help and support?  I am talking about getting yourself checked into a competent medical detox facility.  Is there anything that is really keeping you from going out and getting serious professional help?
I have probably lost my job. I am currently hiding in my house not answering phone calls coming in from work and other responsibilities. Financially I know we can't afford for me to lose my job. I know I am going to have to start answering for this bender and I am dreading talking to my boss and other professionals about the extent of my drinking. It feels like I have really fucked up. I just want to hide away. Clean my house and dry out in peace. Starting to feel more human but now the depression and self loathing will set in. What a pathetic mess I am and my perfect beautiful boy will be home in a few hours and how can I face him? I feel like a fraud. I binge hard on the weekends and then act perfect all week. This time it finally caught up with me. Its a wake up call. Thank you all for being here. Helping me get my game face back on accept that this is my situation and start doing the work and getting sober. ..
It's hard to face our mistakes. But think of it this way look at yourself from the outside what would you tell yourself if you could talk to yourself to call your job your dad your son and talk to them with the honesty you have here about changing and implementing something everyday to help you. Or would you 
Look at this from the outside  if you could talk to yourself wouldn't you want to tell your your yourself to talk to your boss your dad and son with the honesty you have here about your mistakes your want to change and implementing something everyday to remind you of what you really want? A change? And you even know the problem. That's great. Im asking a lot but I know you can do it. At the very least I'm glad you are here. Message me anytime for support if you need. My twitta is Humblejunkie 
Ok so from experience you need to see a doc.  You aren't along in this we'll help as we can but you also need to take care of yourself.  Think about it from this perspective you need to get healthy for not just yourself but for your son.   That's one of the reasons I did it because I didn't want beer breath to be the smell that the associate with me.  
I was just in the same boat.  I just got hove from the hospital and I'm shaking pretty bad.  We can do this and stop the madness.  I hope you feel better and I would agree with the poster that said go the the hospital.  Maybe someone can drive you? 
