-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34bwkn/so_far_roughly_half_a_month_sober/

I'm just checking in for now.  As my title says I'm around half a month sober as of today.  I appreciate all the responses and I like reading about other people's stories...One of the huge benefits I've noticed is that I have a bit more money than what I did have.  I had enough to finally buy a PlayStation 4 and some games.  I've been saving for it for months but alcohol happened quite a few times and didn't get it sooner.  Also waking up and not feeling like there's an axe buried in my skull and feeling nauseous all day is great as well...However it still hasn't all been rainbows and sunshine.  I feel like I'm getting pissed off more easily and I'm getting into depressive episodes at times.  I guess I'm not coping well in that regard.  Also today I had one of my more serious urges to drink again.  The sad thing was that it wasn't even a beer or glass of wine.  I was craving a fifth of vodka with something orangey.  Yeah I used to make screwdrivers with stuff like orange soda or orange Gatorade.  Luckily all I did was try to think about how badly hungover I would be tomorrow and even got a little sick thinking about it...On another note I really haven't told anybody about my decision to control my drinking.  It seems the rest of my family and friends can enjoy a few beers and cocktails and still be fine.  I seem to be the only one who struggles with it.  I feel like the only reason I haven't been drinking is the support from here and the little bits of code known as my badge.  For some reason I'm not sure if I should pursue lifelong sobriety or moderation.  It just seems like everything is bugging me...
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man congrats on 16 days! That little bit of code is very important to me i hold it close... 0b110011010 ;)..Yeah when you're 17 days in you are still adjusting to not having that chemical in your system a little anxiety/depression is normal just keep on truckin man. You bring up that bit about the vodka brings back some memories but I don't think about being hungover i think about being drunk and how *that* was the bad part -- out of control -- you aren't yourself -- i mean the hangover sucks too takes a lot of effort to be alcoholic... how we get up for work hungover i'll never know - couldn't do it now. ..I am sad you haven't chosen lifelong sobriety with maybe a hint of jealously i'm not sure -- i just know i can't go back to drinking in moderation i've tried so many times and it never works out. But i'm not missing on anything too important i don't think drinking alcohol is a big deal -- i've been hanging out with some new people and guess what... they drink in moderation -- and don't care that i don't drink -- i'm just another person you know? So think about that lifelong sobriety isn't a prison sentence it's just another way to live. 
Hang in there with me CloudWolf.  Drinking is not nearly as great as it seems to you. In fact it's very unpleasant.  And of course you are bugged more easily; you're not sedated!  without being drunk you may be more easily stressed but you will find also that you will be enjoying things much more after a while.
[deleted]
Also in the same boat. Telling someone (my wife) has made this process easier and a lot more rewarding. Is there something holding you back from telling someone in your life that you're trying to stay sober?
