-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34ejad/anyone_else_had_this_experience/

I'm not even sure how to explain this! So I was almost 4 months sober when I relapsed last year. I have never felt more guilt and shame in my entire life and since then I feel like something has clicked. It's such a weird feeling. It's like my brain literally changed it's way of thinking since then. I've heard that relapse is a part of recovery and I guess my question is have you guys ever had a relapse that changed EVERYTHING? While in the moment I felt horrible and overwhelmingly helpless only good things have come from it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you had a major breakthrough. Congratulations. 
This is precisely why I think badges need to be personal affairs. There was a post here in the last 24 hours from someone whose sponsor was trying to get them to change their sobriety day to when they quit smoking two weeks after they quit drinking. That sort of thing irritates me as the whole concept of counting days should be personal. Making arbitrary rules like that especially for other people to follow is arrogant bullshit. ..The same goes for resets. In my view if I was to have a beer with mates and it didn't progress further that would still be sobriety. If I was the unicorn who could return to moderation I would still celebrate the time since I made the decision to stop drinking destructively. Similarly if I had a single binge blip that acted as a wake up call I'd also be willing to see this as a part of the recovery process and not reset. ..But if I returned to the drinking patterns that brought me here then I'd need to reset and start again. ...I totally get that a lot of what I have written above could well be interpreted as permission to drink by other people. That depends on the person. You know in your soul if you are drinking appropriately or not. And for many of us that would mean no drinking at all. 
I haven't had an identical experience but I can entirely relate to the brain switch. I don't completely trust myself still and I don't make any promises (one day at a time and all) but I feel differently today in my dedication to sobriety (at least freedom from alcohol) than I ever have. And yes it is weird. I'm happy for you and wish you the best in this new outlook. Just stay vigilant! &lt;3
