-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34i77d/fired_my_sponsor_this_morning/

I thought a lot about whether I should post this. Ultimately I decided that I need to reach out and showing a white belt that a person with 15 months knows how to reach out when struggling is more important than an ideological debate. ..I fired my sponsor this morning with an email explaining that I've decided to leave AA. Two things: I am grateful to AA for providing the support I needed throughout super-early sobriety (the first six months) and I will not hesitate to go back if I feel that my current plan isn't enough. ..SMART is just simply a better fit. I've talked it through with my therapist and close friends and they all agree that I'm doing the right thing for me. I didn't make this decision lightly or on a whim. ..So why do I feel sad? ..I'm staying sober today and I am deeply committed to sobriety and recovery. And I'm hoping tomorrow will be better but even if it isn't I still won't drink. It's not even an option...To any new people who might read this: I'm happy I tried AA instead of writing it off as not for me. I learned a lot about what I do and don't want from a recovery program. Nothing is perfect or without flaw even SMART :-)..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your honesty and willingness to move forward with what you believe is best for you!  I hope this new path brings you all the happiness you deserve.
I think it's a sign of good self-esteem when you make a decision like this for yourself and in such an upfront way.  Whereas I tend to avoid confrontation and my life gets tougher for me.  Still I've just made 30 days so I've got a while to grow yet.
Good for you. Taking charge of your life and your choices is very important!
I had a Sponsee fire me.  15 years a later we are still in touch and both of us are just fine!     ..Honestly - l don't really care what 'someone' does to recover as long as they do SOMETHING if they have a problem. 
&gt;I fired my sponsor..When did you hire him &amp; what was the salary?
What made you decide to email instead of doing it in person?  Did your sponsor know that you were considering quitting AA?
My mother (11 years sober) said that when a lady asks her to be her sponsor she does a little dance of joy because she can help carry on the message of AA and support a struggling alcoholic. When she's fired by a pigeon she does a little dance of joy because now she has more free time. Don't feel bad. If they're a good member they'll understand that you need to put yourself first. Good luck!
&gt;So why do I feel sad?..I expect that you feel sad because there is a closeness implied in the sponsor/sponsee relationship.  A lot of what goes on between the sponsor and sponsee is based on the emotional states of mind that they both have.  Telling a sponsor (or sponsee)  'how you feel' is important...If you had instead said "I quit a job today that might have had a lot of potential but wasn't the right fit for me"  or  "I stopped seeing someone because they didn't have the same beliefs and goals that I had"  similar feelings might have been expected...Good on you for being honest about your decision to move on.  I hope you have great success with your recovery!
&gt; So why do I feel sad?..Because it's a change--end--of a relationship with another human? One that has a lot of emotional import and not a change you undertook lightly? Dogmatically you're making a dangerous choice and you've been involved in AA long enough that I bet you've encountered that view. Did my rambling touch on anything you hadn't already considered?..Thanks for laying out your struggles and thoughts. I too hope your tomorrow is better.
What I like about AA is the network of sobriety. I love fellowship and AA makes my sobriety strong. Even if you don't go to AA keep in touch with the sober people. I would be lost without mine. 
Congratulations for doing what is best for you..
