-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34kv9v/this_is_day_1_my_life_is_a_mess_but_i_can_do_this/

I've had problems with drinking for a few years now. I was never a big drinker and didn't even start drinking at all until I was 22. It soon became a crutch that I just got more and more addicted to. Between a struggling relationship untreated depression and anxiety and being a caregiver everything has just gotten out of control. ..There is something that has given me the motivation I need to stop though. I've been taking care of my mother since I was a teenager and over the years my responsibilities as a caregiver have grown so much that it's a full-time job now. Constantly seeing my mother in such a sick state has made me want to be as healthy as I can so that I can continue to take care of her. I also don't want my own problems or health to ever become an issue for my children should I ever have any or my boyfriend. I also want to be healthy for myself as well because I feel life slipping away from me. I don't want to wake up one day when I'm older and regret my entire life because of alcohol. I want to actually live and enjoy life as much as I can because you only get one chance...I just thought I'd make a post as a sort of accountability that I'm serious about it. I'd love some support advice or tips as well because I really don't have a lot of that and will be going at this mostly alone. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Remember one day at a time. You have got this:) 
Those are all really great reasons to stop. It can be really tough taking care of a parent. Now you can get some tlc as well!
Hi.  I'm on day 2 so I can't offer much advice but I so appreciate your message.  My prayer tonight is that the step you're making today will be the first of many to make sense out of the things you're working so hard to correct.  Blessings to you for the care you show to your mom.  You're an awesome person regardless if you feel it right now or not.  :)  Hugs to you.
Grab yourself a badge to record your progress.  The thought of getting to 30 days really stopped me when I just wanted one little drink!
