-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34o392/for_those_that_have_some_time_and_have_had_tried/

I've struggled multiple times over the last couple of years and have come back saying "this time it's different!" and have heard at meetings and have seen it here too. I'm sick of hearing it although I am hopeful that it is different this time for each and everyone. In a way it's like hearing a child ask "are we there yet?" but instead it's a quasi adult declaring "I'm there now!" For me this time around I haven't been saying that it's different (and I suppose in that way it actually is) and that I'm just treating things as they come living my life day to day and I suppose not getting so tied up in the emotional highs and lows...I'd love to hear your thoughts and feelings on the matter but I kind of just needed to get that frustration out too.
----------immediate responses--------

I am working out I did a half marathon yesterday...I am hanging out with good people helped an old friend with decorating his apartment today...I am paying my bills this month I won't have any more collection agencies...I am planning good things I am going to a foreign country and climbing mountains...I am telling bad people to go fuck themselves giving me more time for what is important...I am losing weight no longer fat. Replaced my clothes too as none fit...I guess there is even more. I signed up for studies I am going for a 585km bicycle ride. And I have plans.
It's different for me now because I'm scared for my health. I've been having health scares and I know if I don't stop now I will die from this. I have actually sat down and written goodbye letters to my daughters and this act was heartbreaking. If I am lucky enough to survive without serious health implications I have made a promise to god and myself to stop doing this awful selfish act of drinking alcohol
Decided I liked myself enough not to kill myself slowly and regardless of any outside influences inflecting what I *should* do such as marriage kids and job. At my age it became an existential question: to be or not to be. So I'm gonna be. 
This time is different because I finally realized I can't do it alone
I struggled to get off the ground initially. Wouldn't call them relapses because I was never really sober for more than a few days to a few weeks. I needed two things. The first was proper medication for my bipolar disorder. That stabilized me... But I also needed to just stop drinking. Emphasis on taking action. Not "decide to stop drinking" which is how it is commonly phrased. I kept getting caught up in trying to find a solution that would keep me permanently sober. Made it waaaay too complicated in the beginning. I had to focus on what was keeping me sober in the moment; I also had to make the executive decision to place not drinking before anything else including a lot of the introspective work that some insist should be done in early sobriety. 
The level of embarrassment is definitely much higher this time. The last time I got sober I thought I could go back to drinking like the normies. Well that level of imbibing didn't last too terribly long. I'm sure some people would disagree with this but every time I think about drinking I also think about how the decisions I made when I was drinking made me feel the next day week or month.
I realize that I'm not unique just a garden variety drunk. don't want to die and abandon my family. I want to be fully present for all that life has to offer.
