-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34p2ge/only_destroying_myself_no_dependents_so_why_does/

I occasionally drink alone when I'm upset. The vast majority of the time I am simply after a fuzzy-minded buzz but I sometimes deliberately set out to get drunk as some kind of weird self punishment. Tonight I've been trying to resist the urge to down a few beers. I know this is unhealthy drinking hence resisting the urge but I'm struggling to care. I worry about hurting my parents and compromising all of my professional success but that's it. If they died and my career went south I honestly wouldn't give a damn about what alcohol could do to me. Is addiction even immoral if the effects are isolated to you?
----------immediate responses--------

It matters because you matter.  
addiction isn't about morality. addiction isn't something that is isolated. addiction is a compulsion of the mind and an illness of the body. there are many good people who are addicts just as there are many immoral people who live sober lives. the thing is addiction/alcoholism is a disease that ravages a person a family a community a nation and the whole world. you don't even have to know an addict to be negatively effected by addiction.   .  .think about all the money that is spent on addiction. not just treating addicts but loss of productivity incarceration homeless shelters packed full of suffering addicts children in foster care due to addicted parents...these are just a few examples. who pays for that? the nation does. our community does. think about all the people who have lost loved ones to drunk drivers. an alcoholic doesn't have to have kids or a significant other or parents they are hurting to cause harm to another human being. think about the fear alcoholics and addicts foster in their community. you ever drive home sober on New Year's Eve and feel worried that the person in the oncoming lane is driving "tipsy?"  .  .so what if you could truly isolate yourself? would it matter? if you had neither family nor friends to worry. this could only happen if you never ever meant anything to anyone. isolation from friends doesn't mean that they forget about you. it just means that you are an empty spot in someone's heart. your absence is noticed and you are missed. I learned this the hard way. still if you could somehow go back in time and erase yourself from the memory of anyone who ever cared about you would drinking and/or drugging yourself into oblivion matter? I think so. I believe that we are all pieces of matter that combine with other matter to form the fabric of the cosmos. we are all connected to each other. right down to the atoms that make us up. no one of us is a completely independent being. we all came from many things formed into ourselves  and will one day become many things again. you are a part of the world and the world is a part of you. you are a beautiful being part of an amazing universe. don't let addiction tell you otherwise. you have the ability to live an amazing life. oblivion isn't living. we can never escape our demons. all we can do is turn around face them accept them and move on. you don't have to be a prisoner to yourself anymore. there is a different way of living out there if you choose to accept it. all it takes is to be willing.
The problem is that we get to a point were we are so deep in the bottle - everything takes on the tint of the glass often shit brown...Get help.  Reaching out here is goodbut in real life find  a therapist AA Smart something.  Life can be so much more well everything it is not right now...It is not too late one phone call one google to find a meeting just saying "I need help" will start you going and one day you will write one of those bright cheery posts here that today you just can't believe..
Yes it is immoral because your life has value far beyond what it does for you.  And you are destroying that value and literally pissing it away...It sounds like you can't see that value right now and I once had all of these same questions.  In my case it was basic depression.   I don't know if you fall in that category.  And I don't know how to convince you...But that's the short answer.  You have immense value to the world in some way.  Something would be very tragically lost if you were either gone or just drunk in a room all day.  It would be immoral if you were to cause this to happen.   I am 100% certain of this.
It doesn't "matter" in the same sense that really *nothing* matters-- life sucks and then you die. Alcoholism is as immoral as having the flu.
