-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34pjm6/sunday_morning_ramblings/

Just been for a run in the rain and it felt so good. ..I wrote this to my sober pen pal earlier today and thought I'd also put it here as a reminder:..Been struggling a bit with my motivation. I don't know why I really don't. I guess it's the alcoholic voice telling me it wasn't that bad I'm not bad enough to have to stop. My husband also tells me this eve though he told me I was drinking too much before. How bad do I have to be? What would be the line? Daily drinking - done that. Secret drinking - done that. Drinking at work - done that (when I had to work late and no one was about). Drinking while looking after small children - done that. Too hungover to look after small children - done that. Too hungover to go to work - done that. Embarrassing myself by flirting drunkenly with my (female very straight and married) boss - oh yes done that. Drinking while pregnant - shamefully done that. Self harm while drunk - done that. Walking home in unsafe situations - done that. Feeling unable to get through an evening at home without a drink - yep. Drinking before going out to prepare myself - done that. Feeling panicky if I couldn't have a drink - yep. Swearing I wasn't going to drink today and finding myself buying alcohol - at least 1000 times. All this is just in the past 5-6 years not even going back to the utter craziness of my 20s...So what exactly would make it bad enough???  Jail? Serious illness? Putting my children at risk? Children growing up thinking daily drinking is the norm? Having my children taken away? What would make me finally admit that it's actually  bad enough ?..Found this that I wrote on a forum in November 2013:  I've slipped back into drinking every night and now I feel panicky if I can't drink. I hate myself really when I'm like this. I've had sober periods in the past and just like myself and my life so much better without alcohol. I'd like to get back to that place again.  Says it all really...If I drink a bit it's very quickly back to drinking (or wanting to) every day. And that's shit. That's not how I want to live my life. I want to live it like this - sober no hangover running in the rain present for my children facing life as it is and as I am without hiding at the bottom of a bottle.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for posting this. I need these reminders of the insanity of our (shared) disease. I relate to the inventory you shared. I too had a spouse (long gone now) who hammered me about my drinking and then when I got sober told me I wasn't so bad and didn't need recovery. Thank God I didn't listen to her. Instead I listen to people like you. Be well and take care.
Excellent post. Thanks. It's easy to forget how bad it actually was as time goes on perhaps because it's quite painful to remember e.g. puking all over myself while driving down the road one morning or doing shots while I was supposed to be working from home. And thinking hey someone else is worse it's not like I'm waiting for the liquor store to open in the morning with the toothless street guys. So I'm OK.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts; really struck a chord w me. 
Really good post I have a similar resume...It is a shame when those close to us seem to play down our problem to us. I guess they were practiced at turning a bit of a blind eye to it. But we don't need anyone trying to persuade us we might be able to return to drinking. Thankfully there's no bar to pass to choose to stop drinking. ..If it comes up I explain to them that my mind is made up I'd value their support on this matter and that suggesting moderation etc. is unhelpful to me as a relapse could be of indeterminate time and destruction. I'm choosing abstinence it's the right path for me and the only way for me to take responsibility in my life.
