-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34sctu/elective_surgery_and_sobriety_a_question_about/

Plain and simple I want a cosmetic procedure that involves A couple weeks of pain killers in recovery. I've been planning on this procedure for three years I've been fantasizing about it for a decade. Basically this isn't a spur of the moment "I'm sober gotta make my life interesting somehow" thing. ..Painkillers along with booze were (are) my issue. My painkiller thing was fairly lighthearted as far as painkiller things go. ..Questions for myself: Do I no longer get to have the surgery? If I use the painkillers as prescribed does it count as not being sober? if I like being high on them while taking them as prescribed does it count? Do I wait a few years unyil I'm more sober? What do I do? Can I take them as prescribed and then stop when the doctor says to? Can I take as prescribed without relapsing after?..**questions for you all**: how have you coped with surgery or being prescribed drugs you used to abuse? Where have you drawn the line of sober be not sober for yourself when you've come into contact with drugs for medical reasons? Has anyone here not gotten cosmetic surgery because they couldn't trust themselves?
----------immediate responses--------

[Most people here have not had a painkiller addiction in the past.](http://sd.bot.nu/survey/2014/drug_use) Though many have--I think you'll get some informed responses.  Still it's probably a good idea to ask about this over on /r/OpiatesRecovery too.  
Are you married or do you have any family that could administer the dope as prescribed? That is how most people I know do it give the drugs to a loved one in close proximity to manage the dosage. Do not be afraid to communicate if you have issues with triggers after being on them for a bit. This is a common problem and many get through it with a good support system and a plan. Good luck!
Hey there. In addition to my alcohol problems I am a former opiate/benzo addict quit in 2007. In 2012 I had to have surgery done and after I went as long as I could without taking anything but it was agonizing pain. I finally gave in and filled the percocet scrip they gave me. I felt in that situation that I was taking them to alleviate a serious quality of life issue and that was it. I wasn't abusing them(yet) I wasn't going to a dealer and buying them illegally I was taking them so I wouldn't literally pass out from the pain and suffer. ..BUT. By the last few after I was feeling better again I was chasing them with a beer or 2. I didn't pick up after that scrip was out and I wasn't worried about really relapsing(being 5+years clean from pills gave me lot of perspective) but I saw how easy it was for me to go from actual needing for pain to just taking for the buzz. I would talk to your doctor about pain management options and be honest about your concerns. You don't have to let it deter you from getting the surgery just be aware of the potential for misuse with your past use history. .
[deleted]
I have been in AA a long time and some of the worst stories I have heard are relapses that start with prescribed pain pills.  At some point a drink or other drugs happened and then Oh Shit. ..These were ended up living in a cardboard box under a bridge stories near death a month in ICU stories...It can be done and it counts as still being sober but my suggestion is that it be done with conditions; the doctor being informed of addictive tendencies exploring other pain management techniques  accountability - a sponsor or someone who has to "sign off" on each pill (if only to hear yourself and see if it is you or your inner addict talking) and understanding there is no need to take each and every one of them - doctors often give more "just in case".  ..
My primary DOC was opiates with alcohol running a close second. I had to have surgery when I was about three years sober. I sat down and had a long talk with my doctor to figure out the best approach. He decided to prescribe a lower dose for me than he would normally with a much smaller prescription. I also ran it by my sponsor and my family. I was never in charge of the meds and when I took one my SO carefully wrote down the time. I wasn't allowed another until the 6 hours had passed as prescribed. I only needed the meds for three days before they were flushed. It was a very uncomfortable experience because I could feel the monster awaken deep inside. I went to a lot of meetings and it took about a month to get back on the beam...It can be done but with great care. Make sure your doctor has a good understanding of the situation. Mine would've normally prescribed 10mg Percocet but he decided my pain could be treated with 5mg hydrocodone. Either way your brain will tell you to take more. Having to take meds was one of my worst fears. It's a little different when you've been addicted to a particular substance before. For example I've never met a doctor that prescribed me one beer every 4-6 hours as needed. 
Personally I always advise my doctor that I have had addiction issues in the past which for me include percs and morphine. I did have them administer morphine for me when I was hospitalized with what turned out to be meningitis but that was extreme pain. I did not have an issue with that as they were sparing with the IV drugs knowing my history and concerns...I had a C-section without using pain meds afterwards (though I had an epi during the surgery) they all thought I was nuts but I stuck to Advil and it was fine. Same thing after another painful procedure. Sucks to go through discomfort but honestly it's better than the alternative for me...Basically I let every medical practitioner know that I have concerns about narcotic medications and only want them administered when absolutely necessary.
