-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34wyco/i_just_got_a_naltrexone_shot_and_its_blowing_my/

A note here: This is day one. I got the shot this morning. So this isn't representative of a long period of time. And it's just me not a double blind placebo controlled trial. With that out there.....So my sobriety days on my star are not accurate at all. Basically I subbed here in December of 2014 when trying (again) to get sober in the program. I have tried and tried and tried with AA. I think it's a great program and I value what it has taught me about alcoholism and about myself but I have fallen into the category of those with "grave emotional or mental disorders" who can't get sober. Read: I don't have grave emotional or mental disorders but I have been unable to give myself over to a higher power and have been far to critical of the steps to be successful in AA. So over the course of the past year and a half I've put together 90 days here and there and then relapsed. My longest stretch of sobriety was 114 days before I relapsed. ..Then I heard about naltrexone. I read [this article about alcoholism](http://www.theatlantic.com/features/archive/2015/03/the-irrationality-of-alcoholics-anonymous/386255/) in The Atlantic and immediately knew that I should give an alternative form of treatment a shot. I wanted initially to get the pills and try the Sinclaire Method and so I went to see an addiction specialist to discuss. He recommended I go for the shot because he was concerned I would opt not to take the pill and then get drunk. Fair enough. So I got the shot at 11a. ..I got back to my house at 8:30p Pacific and I went out to buy some beer. I popped one open and took a sip. It felt more or less like any other time I had done so. But then something strange happened... I didn't take another sip. For a long time. My mind went through the same thought process it would had I wanted another sip. I thought "I should be drinking more. I'm not sure if I have enough beer in the fridge for tonight I might need to run to the store before I'm too drunk." But physically I really just didn't want any beer. I wanted some tea instead. So I drank some tea. ..I finished that single can of beer over the course of 90 min and while my mind said "okay quick open the second can" I really just didn't want another one. It's now 11p PST I started drinking at 8:30p PST I've only had one beer and *I do not want anymore.* Truly. It just doesn't sound good...I have never had this feeling in my adult life. Hell I remember wanting more when I had a sip of beer at age 8 or 9. I wanted more when I was stealing liquor out of my friends parents cabinet at 13. Right now I want no more. Not because I know that one more drink will kill me not because I'm afraid of what I'm going to do if I get drunk but for no other reason than it just doesn't sound that good. ..If anyone's interested I'll try and do a follow up post. I know that on this sub there will probably be a lot of AA apologetics and generally uneasiness at the notion that an alcoholic can have just one drink--I mean you no offense. I think AA is a great program. It just didn't work for me. Keep on keeping on one day at a time if that's your thing. ..I'm not a doctor so I won't officially recommend this to anyone else but just know that at least for one night I don't have to worry about getting blackout drunk even after having just one beer.  
----------immediate responses--------

I truly am happy that you have found success tonight. Isn't it a great feeling to not have to worry about alcohol? I  hope that the Naltrexone continues to work for you and that you find a sober life that you specifically love to live. ..That being said I just wanted to point out (since YOU mentioned it) a couple things that might cause (so-called) "AA apologetics and general uneasiness" to be stirred up. Firstly as I said while I'm glad that you've succeeded in your goals for the evening and have found comfort my scientific mind can not accept one single night as proof of any long-term pattern. Secondly while I whole-heartedly agree in using whatever is at your disposal to get and stay sober a large portion of this community is either not able to access things like Naltrexone or aims to find sobriety in a way that does not require outside medications. So don't be surprised if people analyze your post and give their own viewpoint. :)
How long does the shot last?
Removed.  There are ways to tell your story without attacking others..
