-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34yy5g/how_do_i_tell_my_family_that_im_moving_into_sober/

(x-post /r/leaves)..The house I'm in right now is a bad place for my recovery. I submitted an application to a sober housing community last week and was notified that I would be put on a waiting list. I just got an email an hour ago that they have a spot for me and I have 48 hours to respond. I didn't expect such a quick turnaround time...I don't have a support network at all. My family doesn't know about my addictions (I'm also an alcoholic). They also don't know that I didn't take classes this semester. They don't know I failed most of my classes last semester after relapsing. Clearly they'll need to know why I'm changing addresses mid-semester...I don't even know where to begin. I feel like I went about this the worst way possible. I am scared that they will be upset with me for not telling them earlier for not seeking help earlier. I want to use so badly right now. There is free pot and alcohol 10 feet away from me; the only thing keeping me from using is the fact that I am quite sick with a fever and I need to be healthy for work tomorrow...How should I do this?
----------immediate responses--------

I would focus on getting better if I was in your situation I can't control how other people think or react.
"Hey I am moving into a house better equipped to handle my problems in life. &lt;insert loving child remark&gt;"
Don't worry about their feeling right now. You are in a desperate situation that needs tending too. You are making a wonderful choice. I highly doubt your family would be upset you are making a wonderfully responsible decision for yourself and if they are that's their problem. You need what you need. Get healthy and worry about everything else later.
Easier than telling them you've moved into correctional facility or hospital
Simply tell the truth. Just as you have here. Even show them this what you have written here and others repsonces. ..You'll find in rehab whatever program it incorporates will likely involve getting honest with yourself and others.  ..Might as well start clean to help stay clean and sober. And your reaching out here and going into rehab is a damn good start.
Step 1: Respond and say yes. It sounds like it is an excellent choice and you've made up your mind even if you don't know it :)..Step 2: Take a breath...Step 3: Find a time that is calm for you and family to talk. Schedule it. Sit down (or pick up the phone). Then just open your mouth and say it. ..Step 4: Stay clean and sober...Not being silly here I just want to share the actual steps because I know how easily my brain can over think things that are not actually easy. An overwhelmed cantremembr is a drinking cantremembr...I just told my family about a week ago. No one was really surprised or upset. They were happy to hear but didn't really seemed overly concerned. It was a short convo actually. Since then it has come up a few times and I've just been honest but succinct in my sharing with them. I have a support group with AA I rely on for the messy details. Good luck...Edit: I forgot step 4!
