-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/352okp/got_out_of_detox_on_sunday/

Hi Everyone.Just wanted to introduce myself and say hello.  I started drinking around age 14 and was always a party kid.  Mostly on the weekends until my early 20s when I started working in bars and restaurants.  It was mostly wine and beer until my later 20s when I started with the vodka.  I kept it "under control" though until my early 30s when it got out of control.  I did a couple outpatient detoxes following relapses.  ..Well I had a year sober and I felt great life got better in almost every aspect.  For whatever reasons that aren't necessary to explain I relapsed again and for the last 5-6 months or so I was drinking a fifth of vodka EVERY DAY.  I felt like crap every day.  Drinking in the morning on my lunch breaks at work then when I got home it was on.  ..I have been an avid surfer since I was 8 so I never really gained weight and saw no real effects on my body.  My last recent 5-6 month bender I stopped surfing every day only on weekends.  I got fat at least for me.  My face got all red swollen bags under my eyes my entire body started hurting and I gained about 20 lbs.  ..Each day was just drudging along waiting for it to end.  That's not the curious creative nature loving surfing every day self.  I hated life.  I was lonely completely undateable.  What was I going to do if a girl wanted me to stay over and wanted to spend the next day together without my "medicine"?  So I'm just a lonely mess.  Depressed...Checked myself in to inpatient treatment last week and was discharged on Sunday.  I haven't magically gotten my physique back yet but the bags under my eyes are disappearing quickly.  Daylight savings means I can surf after work every day again so I am hoping the weight comes off quickly without the extra 1700 poisonous calories every day.  It is lovely to wake up and feel pretty good.  I was prescribed trazodone so I have been getting some good sleep and waking up feeling rested...I am hopeful.  I could not afford to do a full 30 program but I am going to AA meetings.  Still not sure how I am feeling about it but I am going to at least give it a real shot...Anyway I am glad that this sub exists.  Nice to meet all of you.  :)
----------immediate responses--------

I should also note that my AST levels were 195 (normal is 10-40) and my ALT levels were at 240 (normal is 7-56)...Doctor said my liver wasn't enlarged but I'm pretty scared about that.  :(..He did say that he wants to test again in a month to see how my liver is doing.  He said that it's a pretty resilient organ but I have to admit that I am a bit freaked out by that.
Welcome and thanks for sharing..Congrats on the week!
Great to meet you man.  A fifth a day is a special kind of pain.
You'll be surprised how quickly you bounce back. But I don't have to tell you that you've done it before!  Welcome back brother. 
Hi and welcome! Thanks for sharing your story with us. I am surfing my way through sobriety too it's a gift that not everyone has. Shit gets real and then I paddle out and I am able to breathe :) I have found AA to be a priceless resource. Even when I hate the program and can't stand my life off I go to a meeting and I feel better. And I don't drink. I hope it is a good resource for you too. See you in the water!
I lost 40 pounds in two years only by stopping drinking.  You were on a fast track to say goodbye to surfing altogether.  And I know surfing is the thing that you love the most because I'm a surfer too and I know how it is...if the booze takes surfing away (and it takes everything away) you become a Zombie.
