-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/353wd6/100_sobriety/

Today is the day 1 of my recovery. I quit earlier this year but fell off the wagon recently. I can for see the biggest hurdle going forward being the thought creeping up that I can drink one. Before relapsing I had the idea that after a couple months of full sobriety that I'd be able to implement a "one and done". I now know that the right number is 0 and that must be a lifelong commitment. Any suggests to sticking with that concept and fighting the notion that "one and done" is an option in the future?
----------immediate responses--------

Hey /u/Shawder11..Say it with me "i will never drink again" -- sounds scary to you doesn't it? A little intimidating? ..Well I say it now a year plus of sobriety -- and I don't feel anything no apprehension no negativity went out for Cinco De Mayo yesterday - had a wonderful time -- had four waters -- I am never drinking again. ..Say it with me. 
&gt; Any suggests to sticking with that concept and fighting the notion that "one and done" is an option in the future?..A few things that helped me:..1. Alan Carr's Easy Way book. It helped change my perception of alcohol's role in my life and sobriety. I just don't want it anymore so the idea of having even one is generally repulsive to me now...2. Separating the alcoholic voice from the rest of my consciousness. Thoughts like "I've been sober 14 months. Certainly I could drink moderately now." do not reflect my true feelings. It's the alcoholic voice trying to trick me again and it is indeed cunning baffling and powerful. When it gets noisy in my head I try to remember that the AV's only goal is to feed my addiction and draw me back in. It NEVER has my best interests in mind so I don't listen to its bullshit rationalizations anymore...3. I never want to go through early sobriety again. I had a hard relapse after 104 days of sobriety and spent the following 2 years in misery as I failed over and over again to string even a couple weeks sober again. Now I'm free. If I never let a drop pass my lips I never have to go through that again. This is closely related to "playing the tape forward" for me...4. I count my blessings. The benefits of sobriety have been even better than I expected. There is no drink in the world that would be worth throwing them away...5. Acceptance of the things I cannot change. I experimented with moderation after a period of sobriety... many of us did and had the same result you did. I accepted that for me it's either no drinking or daily drinking. There's nothing in between for me and I cannot change that. Once I accepted that I quit chasing that moderation unicorn and began learning how to enjoy living sober...edit: Almost forgot if the notion of never drinking again seems scary don't worry about it. I certainly never intend to drink again but I can't predict what the future holds. If my goal is to never drink again I have to achieve that one day at a time. I don't worry about tomorrow next week next month or next year because I'm not going to drink today.
  Any suggests to sticking with that concept and fighting the notion that "one and done" is an option in the future?  .It's not.  Do you want to drink a bottle of vodka today and wake up hangover tomorrow?  That's the choice you have to make.
&gt; Any suggests to sticking with that concept and fighting the notion that "one and done" is an option in the future?..I don't know about you OP but I don't want one drink.  I mean sure I *think* I want one but if I'm being honest I only want 1 because it gets me closer to two.  Which in turn gets me closer to three.  Etc...What I want what I really want is *all* the drinks.  I don't understand these people who want one drink.  What's the point?  Who would just have one drink?  It makes absolutely no sense to me...I've had "just 1" drink before.  It SUCKED.  It sucked HARD.   I want all the drinks or I want none of the drinks.  ..Given the choice between 0 drinks and 1 drinks I would rather have 0.
I never tell myself I can never drink again. But I wake up every day and pray for the strength to get through TODAY without a drink. I believe that for myself no amount of alcohol will ever be enough. That's why I have to say no. .One day at a time.
