-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3573kj/dealing_with_the_shame_of_relapse/

I started abusing pain killers when I was eleven years old and started my long downward spiral to heroin at fourteen and in college used about everything under the sun. I am 25 now and went to treatment for 6 months and was out for a little over three months when on Sunday I got drunk. Needless to say I feel like a giant turf and now have four days sober and I told on myself the next morning that I slipped but I feel a overwhelming sense of shame as well as humiliation. Any tips on how to overcome these feelings and to start to feel like I did when I had 9 months sober?
----------immediate responses--------

Personally and I'm no expert... I would think of it not as the days/weeks/months since you were last sober but of the feeling of being in control that it provides. Even if you just put down your last drink ten seconds ago. You've done it before you can do it again. And the act of making that decision being proud of it is what I would focus on not the feelings of shame from relapse. You can't change the past but you can take charge of right-now be proud of it and move forward with life...For what it's worth our stories are really really different... But I also had my most recent drink on Sunday night. Hang in there be proud of those 4 days. I sure am. :)
I was sober for 15 continuous years and I relapsed.  The relapse took me out for 7 long and hellish years.  It was only by some miracle that I ever made it back alive.  My antics while in relapse cost me my professional license and resulted in my going to federal prison (which I did sober).  Yes I felt guilty (I was guilty) and ashamed but I can honestly tell you shame and guilt are worthless unless you are motivated to change.  I have and I am a better person.  Also I am not worried about relapse as long as I continue to do the simple sober actions I do every day.  
you aren't a bad person you are just a human that has the ability to make poor judgements from time to time. Don't beat yourself too bad just write down how it didn't make you feel better only worse and the next time you feel like going on a binge read that letter to yourself
list to /u/coolcrosby..but my advice:..Hold on to that shame. Go to a meeting. Be honest. No excuses interrupt at the end if you have to tell people what happened your situation and tell them you want to stay sober. ...Then in the future when you've just got off of a long day of work and just want to relax and say eh I don't need to go to a meeting I don't need to do step work I don't need to do XYZ to keep me sober. Pull that shame back up. Remember it. Feel that awful feeling in your gut. ...Get's me to a meeting when I don't want to go any way.
There is a saying that I like .."Pain is the touchstone of all spiritual growth." ..Use these feelings. Experience them this is what real life is with no filter. You will feel like you have nine months sober...when you have nine months sober. There is no shortcut no magic bullet just time and work. Do the work get the dividends.
Emotions exist for a reason.  Part of the reason you feel the way you feel is that your body would prefer that you don't do it again. ..In treatment for 6 months out for three you relapse and you ask for tips on not feeling bad about it. You've got way bigger problems than how you feel right now. I have seen this story unfold a hundred times.  What are you going to do to salvage this thing?
Welcome back. I was always ashamed and extremely remorseful after a slip myself. As I type this I still remember the last time. I got to today by just not drinking each day no matter what happened. It wasn't easy but I remember feeling exactly how you describe. The guilt will subside just dust yourself off and keep coming back. I'm glad you're here. just don't drink today It will be okay. It took a few tries for me to get to this point It takes what it takes though and each of us are different in terms of what it takes. What are you planning on doing different this time? Peace and good vibes.
