-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/358pyj/negative_self_talk_advice/

Hey guys I still lurk here but just don't have as much time to post as actively as I did previously...I don't want to get too lengthy here but I have been having a great run not drinking for the past 8 months. Lately maybe because it is summertime right around the corner I have been feeling a bit bitter and jealous of others. That is tough to admit and not a feeling that I like but it is there. I also have a lot of negative self talk going on. I have always had that negative voice in the back of my mind I know we all do but it drives me nuts with some things...Today at lunch I was just listening to people talk about how they were out partying the night before it was wild you know the routine. Well half of me was like yeah whatever they skipped their workouts and got wasted what a waste. The other half just felt left out and was like "well it's too bad you don't have the self control or ability to kick back and have a good time like that." It was a strange brutal attack on myself out of nowhere. I was kind of shocked at how quickly that thought came out of nowhere and attacked me...Summed up any advice on how to tell my ego to be quiet and get a more positive dialogue going? I am generally a very upbeat positive person but I can be a perfectionist as well and my ego takes advantage of that and brutalizes me over any mistakes I make. It can be frustrating at times for my sobriety and some other weaknesses in life that I struggle with...Either way thanks for listening and thanks for any advice not tempted to have a drink just a little frustrated with my inner dialogue sometimes. Hope anyone reading this knows they aren't alone with this stuff we go through. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow - this is some deep stuff. ..Okay - I went out to a retirement party tonight -- i'm 29 guy is what 70 probably. A lot were drinking some weren't -- a 21 and 26 yr old i sat next to both didn't drink. We don't drink -- the other half of the table well yea they were drinking but who cares.....So let your ego stop there - you don't drink - period-- does it progress beyond that? Is that helpful? 
I believe that the negative internal monologue needs to be beaten down as quickly as possible before it over takes me...I use a book called 'Mind over Matter' that greatly helps. ..I believe that the negative self-talk is something that I taught myself because it served a function somewhere/somehow.  It's possible to minimize it but it's always there. The more work I do on the little core of me that still hangs on to shame/past/failures the quieter the voice is. ..G'luck. It wasn't until I took coolcrosby's advice to seek help with a trained therapist was I able to reclaim my head space as mine.  
Mindful meditation helps me with this struggle as I can recognize the thought and let go of it much easier. 
It sounds like you are doing a really good job on many fronts and are just being hard on yourself at the moment. A few thoughts came to mind when I read your post perhaps thinking of my own negative self-talk and things that are sometimes helpful for me. I've noticed that the negative self-talk is more likely to occur in times of stress most notably when I am running low on sleep or my schedule is to full of obligations and not enough me time. .That simple awareness helps remind me that I can't necessarily trust my brain on those off days and I try to focus on surviving the discomfort and trusting that my centered brain will return after some rest. .You already have the positive self-talk going as you mentioned. Just repeat that stuff over and over to yourself. Say it out loud if you have to. It helps me to think about all the bad things about alcohol and what pain people who use alcohol might be feeling - even the "normal" drinkers. I also think about how much alcohol burdens society as a whole and remind myself that I want to set a different example not contribute to that..Also congratulate yourself constantly on your sobriety! Make a list of other things you do well..A gratitude journal helps me immensely. I can disarm negativity by being grateful for the very thing that is causing me pain/discomfort. 
