-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/358qig/i_am_not_going_to_drink_tonight_no_matter_what/

I say this every morning once as part of my morning ritual and once on /r/stopdrinking[1] . The actual commitment to this choice is how I got to today sober..Both before and after I got out of prison I was attending a lot of AA meetings including a professional meeting under the auspices of the Ohio Lawyers Assistance Program. There I met a young lawyer Nathan W. who had been practicing in Oklahoma but who was moving home to Ohio. Shortly after meeting Nathan I began sponsoring him and for a number of months he really seemed to get it together and despite some underlying severe mental health issues resumed his professional life. One morning Nathan showed up at coffee with a young newly sober woman he had met at meeting and the two had spent the entire night "talking." Within weeks and despite my emphatic suggestions otherwise my sponsor-ee and his girlfriend were off to the melodrama of relationships relapse and eventually despite dramatic phone calls Nathan W. disappeared. When I last heard from Nathan it was nearly 2 years ago..Tonight after I got home from my AA home group I got a call from Charlie L. a sober lawyer from the OLAP group with the sad news that Nathan W had shot himself to death overnight. According to my friend Nathan had moved to Florida for awhile and was involved in a high speed crash on the interstate somewhere near Tampa and a woman in another car was killed. This once handsome young man was disfigured and blinded in one eye and according to my lawyer pal who visited him in the hospital wracked with guilt. My lawyer pal Charlie received a call from Nathan's mother who said that Nathan W shot himself..There will be many posts and comments to come in which I will draw the obvious lessons from this tragic loss but tonight I am just going to be sad about Nathan W. but I will go to bed sober because even tragedy and sadness are no reason to drink.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry for your loss. I'm not going to drink tonight. 
Suicide of someone close is hard. Being not able to say something to them ever again is tough because sometimes they would be the ones to understand it. I am sorry for you and Nate but maybe your friendship helped him through something at one time or put a smile on his face. I would squeeze your shoulder and say thanks from him if I could.
Sorry CC. You must really be hurting. 
I'm so sorry CC.  I hope you know we are here for you if you need us.  I won't drink tonight either my friend.
Sobriety can be a fragile thing.  Asking myself would one drink be worth dying for?  It seems so innocent a thing but it doesn't stop there.  I'm sorry for your loss CC.
I'm sorry for your loss. I will not drink with you tonight. Please let us know if you are okay with what happened
So sorry for your loss crosby. I will not be drinking tonight with you.
God I am so very sorry to hear this Crosby. What a tragedy. Sending you peace tonight. 
&gt;I will go to bed sober because even tragedy and sadness are no reason to drink...There is nothing more that can be said or written after this but I just want you to know that I hear you and I feel the truth of those words coolcrosby. ..Thank you for sharing this truth with all of us in the midst of your grief.
So sorry for your loss. 
How saddening. No drinking here. My condolences to the loved ones of the deceased.
Really sad sorry to hear this.
I'm sorry CC. Grateful to be sober with you today
Thanks for this post. I am slowly starting to understand that the experience of *feeling* the pain and sadness of such an event actually adds to the meaning and experience of my life. Why would I want to diminish that with drinking? Thanks again.
I'm sorry for you loss. You're in my thoughts. 
Tragic story thanks for sharing it and I'm really sorry for your loss /u/coolcrosby
Yes my sobriety is not contingent on the actions of any one else.     .I grant no one THAT much power over me.
[deleted]
Sorry to hear this crosby. Thanks for telling us about it. We have to get involved with people at high risk of hurting themselves in order to stay well ourselves and also simply to do the right thing I guess. I appreciate you framing this in terms of sobriety for all of us despite the pain you must feel. Take care. &lt;3
Thank you for sharing this with our community. I hope you find some peace and I hope Nathan's story goes on to help someone else. ..For anyone that may be lurking and going through difficult times know that it does get better. Please know that suicide is not the way. There is help available. ..[U.S. National Suicide Prevention Hotline: 1-800-273-8255.](http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org)..Or go to your local emergency room immediately. .
