-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/359irg/i_dont_know_what_to_do/

I really don't know what to do I got drunk on my own last night again no body knows I do this I desperately need to stop I feel such a failure and I feel so paranoid that my housemate noticed. I do this everytime I wake up from a night like this say I desperately need to stop but then by the evening convince myself it's not so bad I feel so utterly depressed I struggle with my mental health anyways and I know I'm just making this worse which makes me feel so stupid and the paranoia of secrecy on top of that is even worse. I guess I needed to vent but I also really need help I just don't want anyone I know to know and I'm very certain on that. 
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly letting others know may be best. It's very tough to ask for help but asking the right people will provide a support system for your sobriety. Even if that is just by talking to people in this sub. Heck I'll be that guy if you need it. I'm fairly new in my sober journey struggle with major depression and have seen nothing but positives come from saying no to alcohol. Message me if you'd like to talk. 
I see you have a badge with a good chunk of time on it so I'm going to assume this is a relapse. Take a deep breath. You have a lot going on here. Here's step 1 and 2:..Step 1: Stop drinking. Reset your badge you aren't going to drink for the next 24 hours. One day at a time...Step 2: Tell someone who you can trust and will understand that you have been drinking again. The paranoia the guilt will only fuel more pain and make things worse. This sub is a good resource for sharing with others and learning from each other but we're still just text on a screen. Getting it off your chest with an actual human being will feel amazing. Can you go to an AA or SMART meeting today or tomorrow? 
You say you don't know what to do but I think you probably do. You get serious about not drinking and you try again.  I don't really know you're story but you seem like you've tackled the first major battle knowing you have a problem and that you need to address it. Do you want to quit drinking?  Make a plan.  That plan might and maybe should include telling someone/having some sort of conversation about alcohol with a party who is supportive of you quitting.  Personally I don't have a social support network right now any friends or family who might be supportive live very far away.  It fucking sucks but I use this subreddit and I talk to my therapist.  If you're drinking to deal with depression or anxiety seeking some sort of therapy or other human connection isn't a bad idea either.
