-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35k7ko/a_long_vent_after_yet_another_embarrassing_night/

I'm hung over and full of shame and regret so it's time to vent...I've been drinking and doing coke a lot in the last few months and it's feeling more and more hopeless. I'm on a monitoring program at work because I came forward and told my boss I had a drug problem a few years ago got sent to treatment and then relapsed. So now I'm on a last chance agreement and I get drug tested at least once a week and when I've got coke in my system I have to use a fake urine sample to pass the test which is always nerve racking. I've got a lot of debt zero savings and if I lose my job in this economy it would be a real struggle...Losing my job isn't even the biggest consequence though. I know I could make ends meet if it came down to it. The biggest consequence is how bad I feel. Chronic paralyzing embarrassment from things I've done and said while intoxicated is probably the worst feeling. Constantly replaying those moments in my head of random weird or stupid things I've said or done to people while intoxicated nothing criminal just stupid and embarrassing. The pain of remembering how many people see me coming and race to get away or who just give me a polite  hello  and then walk away is unbearable. Feeling rejected by so many people is crushing. I know deep down I'm a good person but I also have a crazy side that is out of control. I feel like I'm severely emotionally and mentally handicapped and people can sense that. The feeling of having people treat you like an injured child instead of an adult they could have a friendship or relationship with is also unbearable...This situation is so crazy. I've tried everything I can to  get help  and none of it resonated with me enough for me to stick with it. I found AA to have too much negativity shame guilt unfounded claims and self limiting attitudes and language.  Treatment  was really just a minimum security prison to keep me sober for the duration of my stay with repetitive messages telling me stuff I already knew. I know that sounds arrogant but CBT and the principles of AA aren't that complex and I've been researching this stuff online for years trying to overcome my substance abuse issues...I've got counselors right now too which my employer required I attend as part of my return to work contract. At first I liked going to the counselors as it is a group therapy session and it kept me accountable. Unfortunately it is a twelve step centered group and the counselors are both members of AA so I've just tuned them out and am only attending in order to keep my job. AA is not for me and all they've got to share with me are reasons I need to attend AA. ..Basically I've come to the conclusion that it's up to me. However I wish I had people to confide in and to help me along the way. That is where I liked AA but all of the dogma and weird cultish behavior repulsed me so I've stopped looking for that camaraderie and support in  the rooms ...The hopelessness is the next worse feeling after the embarrassment...The hopelessness of having tried and failed so many times is actually terrifying..The hopelessness of knowing that no matter how painful this hang over is and no matter how much I promise myself I'll make the change today I know deep down that in a few hours or days I'll be tempted again and give in. No one around me can help me stop. My family all drink or use and I'm not even the  worst  one in the family and they've all spent so much energy dealing with a sibling with extreme addiction issues that they've just can't invest any more in me. It's a detachment thing because my family has been through so much pain. I understand it but it's  a pretty big wake up call to know that even my family can only do so much for me...If I knew I could feel ok without drugs and alcohol I wouldn't have an issue quitting forever. But I have a lot of issues outside of substance abuse. Things I can remember being a part of life since before I ever drank or used. Obsessive compulsive thoughts chattering away in my head almost constantly as well as the accompanying obsessive compulsive behaviors. Low self esteem social anxiety impulsiveness fear of people fear of death chronic shame and regret overwhelming emotions hyper-sensitivity swirling thoughts. Day to day life is so difficult for me. I feel like I'm not allowed to say that in today's world. Like it's a victim mentality and that I need to be more positive. But I'm not if I'm being honest. It hurts to be me a lot. You wouldn't know it if you saw me on the street. I'm relatively young and quite healthy (when I'm not binge drinking I'm doing healthy stuff if that makes sense). I've got a pretty good job and an education. I have moments of utter joy where I can't stop smiling. I know that sounds crazy given the picture I've painted up to now of a sad lonely miserable drunk. But that's part of the prison. People see me smile and think  hey it's not that bad just keep doing what ever you're doing that makes you smile . Which to me is infuriating and dismissive.  It doesn't allow for nuance or human complexity. Like I can only be one way or the other. Yes I often laugh and can be fairly confident at times but I've had to fight so hard for those moments and often I just don't feel up to being confident or happy. I spend so much time in a dark dark place where I'm angry sad impulsive lonely and a while bunch of other painful stuff...I don't want special treatment because of  my issues . I just want to be done with them. I want to be confident sober stable and ok with my life and myself for the most part (I know I'll never be 100% of these things but I want to be as close as possible)...Not sure what to do or what anyone can say I just needed to take some kind of action toward sobriety and sanity..
----------immediate responses--------

The Miracle of Mindfulness- calmed my stormy thoughts. 
&gt; I've tried everything I can to  get help  and none of it resonated with me enough for me to stick with it. I found AA to have too much negativity shame guilt unfounded claims and self limiting attitudes and language.  Treatment  was really just a minimum security prison to keep me sober for the duration of my stay with repetitive messages telling me stuff I already knew. I know that sounds arrogant but CBT and the principles of AA aren't that complex and I've been researching this stuff online for years trying to overcome my substance abuse issues..I've got counselors right now too which my employer required I attend as part of my return to work contract. At first I liked going to the counselors as it is a group therapy session and it kept me accountable. Unfortunately it is a twelve step centered group and the counselors are both members of AA so I've just tuned them out and am only attending in order to keep my job. AA is not for me and all they've got to share with me are reasons I need to attend AA...It sounds like you're already an expert. For me hard-work humility and an open mind and ears were all required to start seeing real progress. 
&gt;I just needed to take some kind of action toward sobriety and sanity...Which is what?
It's sad really.  You are so close to a complete and utter crash yet you don't really seem to see it.   I read your post and I don't read the words of a person who wants to get better.  I read the words of someone who still believes he has some sort of control over his situation.  Good luck.
I went to my first AA meeting tonight. I didn't really like it and the preachy shit grates me and the higher power thing fucks me off. Seems like a cult. But fuck man I'm already in a cult of me and the other fiends. If I can not fuck my life up for the price of joining a pretty benign cult then fuck it I'll give it a go. .Just think. You're too proud to sit in a church hall with the alkies but you'll piss your life away in public. 
&gt; I found AA to have too much negativity shame guilt unfounded claims and self limiting attitudes and language...You are projecting. You are seeing in others what you feel in yourself. Your post is chock-full of negativity shame guilt. And extra helpings of unfounded claims and self-limiting attitudes...AA is no panacea but what is?
