-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35qso1/accountability/

Just posting for my own accountability.  ..One of my best friends who recently moved pretty far away is back in town for work and we are getting dinner tonight.  He was my main drinking friend and we had many many many drunken nights together over many years.  Ironically the last time I saw him was the last day I drank (completely unrelated because our families went out for brunch earlier that day and he had four or five beers and I didn't have any at brunch but later that day I got really drunk and woke up with my head and torso on the floor and my legs still on the couch)...Anyway he doesn't know I quit drinking.  Not that it's a secret and I have been out with him and others when I had tried stopping before this last time and I would only have club soda and no one noticed there wasn't vodka in my drink (funny how I used to be obsessed and worried about not drinking in front of others until I realized no one gives an F about what I am drinking).  He doesn't know because there is no reason for it because to me it's not a big deal and I don't go announcing it for no reason.  I just don't drink anymore...I really have no desire to drink and don't crave or want it but I do have to admit that going out with him feels a little strange to me now because we did so many things together and they almost all involved drinking somehow.  Whatever we were planning on doing we also planned the drinking around it.  We are getting steaks which always involved a martini or scotch (or two or three before) then a bottle or two of red wine followed by an after dinner drink before heading to a bar.  Also to add to the whatever thoughts I am having my wife is out of the country on business.  So I would be lying if the thought didn't cross my mind about how all these things are coming together (or falling apart depending on perspective)...I know he will be drinking and that's fine with me.  I want him to enjoy himself.  I just won't be joining him.  At the same time I am more than willing to do whatever and go out wherever if he wants.  He hasn't been back in NYC since he moved so I want him to have a great time and I don't want him to feel awkward drinking when I am not. ..Okay not really sure why I am posting other than to write out my thoughts which is usually helpful to me.  I am very much looking forward to seeing him catching up having a great steak but I would not be truthful with myself if I didn't admit that I am feeling slightly anxious.  Not anxious that I will drink because I have no desire just anxious about the situation.  However it is another false association I am looking forward to breaking...EDIT:  Thanks guys. Yeah I hadn't told him yet because I have not seen him in person since he moved and we never discussed drinking the times we communicated. Anyway dinner was great and had fun.  When the waiter came for drinks I looked to him he asked if I was drinking. I said no but you should. He ordered a martini and I got and iced tea and we had great steaks and a great time. .. Oh yeah I told him I had my last drink the last time I saw him before he moved.  He said that's great and he's really happy for me and he needs to do something about his drinking.  It's interesting to me how everyone one of my friends who were also heavy drinking buddies is happy for me when I tell them I quit and then also say how they want to do something about their own drinking. I always assumed they had no issues while I struggled for years (but guess they really didn't know I did either). 
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I'll love when you to come back tomorrow sober again to recount the awesomist night you had...Maybe he'd be interested in having a night out in NYC without drinking that place is wild man so much to do without booze. You never know until you ask but maybe he's deadset on getting ripped. ..Either way best of luck!
If it's not a secret why not just tell him? Stating your position could help with accountability and I'm sure a friend would appreciate your candour...Whatever you choose please check-in tomorrow!
Thinking of you can't wait for the update :) You got this!
Personally I would tell my friends I am not drinking anymore when I make plans with them. I feel like just showing up and being all like "not drinking but you can!" would make the ofher person kind of annoyed especially if they were expecting a night of drinking.  If you friend isn't prepared they might be more likely to try to pressure you into drinking cause they haven't had time to grasp the magnitude of it. But it sounds like you're very confident in your sobriety so be strong and have a fun time :)
