-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35rx7w/the_boredom/

God damn this is just like last time. I was sober for 8 months until March 29th relapsed for 4 days and now I'm sober again. It always feels like the right thing to be doing and the relapse certainly verified that but here I am again with the same old fucking problem I had last time: no friends I'm fucking bored all the time lonely miserable etc. ..(braces self for "fellowship" comments)..I'm doing all the right things. I go to meetings I talk to people I get numbers I text people I go to out-patient 20 hours a week live in a sober house with 4 other guys. So what am I doing wrong? I love people and being around them I love doing things I NEED to be doing something. Why is it so fucking hard to make friends at 25? I had all sorts of actual friends when I was drinking in Chicago that I had for years and years. Now here I am living in Minnesota since August and I feel lousy. ..In day treatment today we worked on a piece of paper that had outlying rings between us and society and we were to fill in the rings with people we had in our lives based on how close we were to them. I had like 6 people and 4 of them were family and only 2 of those family members live in this state. ..Blah blah blah pity party etc. ..I know what it all sounds like and that's why it fucking sucks because I just don't know what to do. If I was in group and someone said all of this I would be like "just go talk to strangers or something until you fit in." but when it comes to me I don't know what the fuck to do. ..I relapsed because of loneliness and it's just like why can't I fix this shit? 
----------immediate responses--------

[Have a gawk here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/bored)
What do you do for work?  That generally fills a pretty large gap...Also churches generally have a career&amp;college group that meets fairly regularly.  It's like church-lite.  There's actually quite a few atheists and agnostics who go to my brother-in-law's college Christian group to go bowling skiing and whatnot.  
Yeh I lost a lot of friends over the years.  Down to about 5 now.  But that's good.  For me the boredom kinda took care of itself.  I think your 8 months is fantastic!  You did yourself a lot of good in that time.  And now you're back so welcome.  And enjoy life.  Stay well.
I'm right there with you. I am 28 and always drank because I was lonely and miserable. I actually loved being lonely and miserable at the bar wasting money while playing sad songs on the jukebox. But now I am trying to get sober after getting out of rehab last month and I am just so bored. I haven't had a girlfriend in over 5 years and I have no friends left around. I offer no advice. I am just someone who is in the same boat. Take care.
