-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35uu82/something_amazing_just_happened/

I've been struggling recently...Yesterday I felt myself going through PAWS (Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome) I drank so much in my career that occasionally in sobriety during high stress moments I have the physical symptoms of early withdrawal.  I'll sweat get panicky my equilibrium is off.  And that thought kept running through my head: "I know how to stop this.  I just need a beer or two."..Instead of drinking last night I went to a YP meeting which was big and people seemed to know each other.  I felt out of place...Today I was still obsessing over a drink and went to an afternoon meeting hoping for some guidance.  I couldn't build up enough courage to raise my hand and tell the group that I was going to drink...I left that meeting and called a friend I met in the halls.  He was at work and could only talk briefly.  He gave me a few words of wisdom but nothing cut through to the core of my issue.  I was still heading for the liquor store...I parked my car and started walking towards the building when my uncle stepped out.  My uncle hardly ever drinks usually works on Wednesdays and every time I had gone to this liquor store in the past I had never run into him there.  He's also my parents next door neighbor...Suddenly my conniving and sneaky drinking fantasy was smashed.  Everything was out in the open in that instant...My uncle said "Hey just take a deep breath go home.  It's alright."..I told my family what happened and put it all out in the open.  I needed some kind of physical intervention to stop me from getting drunk today.  I needed something out of my power to lift my obsession and get it out in the open...Call it coincidence or whatever but I'm not getting drunk today.  I was given exactly what I needed.
----------immediate responses--------

Good work /u/analogfrog.  Now build on this and you'll be over a big hurdle in your recovery.  
I'm glad you ran into him it seems like you were meant to stay sober. 
Hi twin. Glad to hear this news! I had a lucky coincidence happen to me too (someone approached me after a meeting who I had been needing to get in touch with just as I was having some unfortunate sponsor drama that made me feel lonely) to keep me on the path. Hang in there today. Here's to 144. &lt;3
Oh my /u/analogfrog you had me worried there! I'm so glad your uncle was there...&gt;"Hey just take a deep breath go home. It's alright."..Can you keep this with you at all times train your own mind to say it to you? Please keep reaching out when you're feeling wobbly. 
This is awesome. Thank you!
I am glad you saw your uncle and have your 143 days intact.  However if it were me I would come up with another plan for the next time because if I was still struggling with cravings/urges I would not want to leave it to chance.
Phew! That was close! Good to see you're still with us! Take care out there :)
Wow awesome story! You got exactly what you needed
That's amazing.   Life really does cut us breaks sometimes.   Quite a lot actually.  It's helpful and good to notice them.   ..My first long sober period was triggered by something awful and embarrassing I had done.  I was dead-set on quitting.  But on the dreaded Day Three I felt a crushing wave of anxiety and defeat that I thought would never end.  So I had my keys in hand and was headed out the door for booze...But just then my kids started playing in the driveway out of nowhere.  They never did that.   And I found that I couldn't walk past them to my car; I had to wait for them to leave.   So I hid alone in the basement.   And my anxiety went away.   And I didn't drink for nine months...Life is good and does give us what we need.   Run with it!
Thank goodness! Glad you made it!
Wow. What a great whatever! That's amazing! Keep that number growing!
[deleted]
I hope you appreciate how lucky you were. Any ideas how you are going to prevent this from happening again?
