-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35wcoh/moms_drinking_tonight_but_not_i_reflections_and/

Happy Sober Hump Day friends! An update below. ..To start I relapsed for a really stupid reason a couple of weeks ago (before that I had 30 days under my belt). Currently I feel GREAT and am totally looking forward to many more days sober. Lots of great things are happening! YEAH!...But on Mother's Day my mom requested that we drink vodka and build a fire in the backyard. Luckily I could decline because the liquor store had already closed; NBD at the time. However she went out last night and bought a fifth of Absolut anyway "because it had been on her mind." Bear in mind that this is rare for her but you can probably see that the appletini doesn't fall far from the bar stool. (Or whatever. That was a terrible metaphor lol)...Anyway she's already gone through HALF the bottle and it's only night #2 (I know that for some of us that may not sound like a lot but think about how much poison that is!). That would have been me just six weeks ago... every single night. Seeing her drunk while I'm sober as a [insert your favorite simile here!] is really eye-opening and helpful. Her behavior is gross to me between her slurred words and ADD and irritability to her physical impairments while drinking including fun stuff like ruining dinner and almost knocking over our coffee table last night. (She used to drink like that constantly many years ago but hard liquor rarely is in the house. That is I don't anticipate this being a relapse of sorts which is probably why I'm not freaking out as much.)...Anyway I can't believe that that was basically how I operated for so long. I'm trying not to focus on the shame involved in looking back but WOW am I feeling enlightened. Here's to another great night of going to bed sober SD friends! We can do this together. And don't worry: I promise I'm not expending too much energy judging her negatively nor am I remotely tempted to drink. :)...I've been meaning to post on my progress for a while now but this situation just happened to prompt it finally. I'll be in better touch soon. Stay strong everyone! You got this! Thanks for all that you do. :)...Xo.NNP..PS: file under "Alcoholic Mindset 101:" my mom is basically drinking straight vodka with a couple of ice cubes and some cocktail onions thrown in and calling it a vodka Gibson. Because that makes it classy and acceptable right? WRONG! 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;  the appletini doesn't fall far from the bar stool. ..I laughed! Like...out loud. :P
Vodka with onions?? That sounds so horrible I can't believe it actually has a name! Your post makes me so happy that my children will hopefully grow up without seeing me drinking.
Good on you for not joining in!  I'm sorry that your mom couldn't be sober on MD to enjoy your company more.  I'm staying sober too!
