-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35wea5/done_fell_off/

Ugh I hate it!  I literally just went on a 3 week bender uh whoa!  So much money gone.  Luckily nothing horrible happened to me except today I called out of work which I hate to do and of course feel really guilty.  And then there is always that fear of being fired (I dont think I will this time but it will eventually come.)  I hate myself so much right now.  HATE.  Please send some positive vibes my way because the struggle is real.
----------immediate responses--------

Channel that hatred into positive change. Beating yourself up won't do you good now but using this experience to fuel your drive to get and stay sober will. You can do this one day at a time.
Time heals all. You'll certainly start to feel better as more time goes on from your last drink...On the bright side this feeling you are going through is likely very important for your future sobriety. Using this feeling of awfulness will provide motivation in the future as to why you're choosing not to drink. I just recently went through a relapse and ended up journaling a ton of the hangover/withdrawal symptoms. I suggest writing down as much as you can about how you're feeling. The worst thing that could happen to your future sobriety is to end up forgetting how you feel right now...Take it one day at a time and for today join me in not drinking. Stay strong!
Positive vibes have been sent you should receive them in 3 to 5 business days. Meaning this hatred like many other feelings shall pass. Happiness also passes. I try to picture where I'll be when it does and align that with where I want to be and hope to stick the landing. It's hard to stay mindful when you've got a bad case of the fuckits though.
How are you going to do something positive for yourself if you hate yourself? You have to love yourself. We can't love yourself for you. Make the choice to love yourself and you will do good things for yourself. It's your choice.
