-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/360ann/26f_150lbs_help_relapse/

Hi..I'm a 26 y/o female and I am an alcoholic. I went to rehab and am currently in a relapse. I am currently drinking a pint of vodka a day (for the past 15 days). Can somebody please help me bounce back? Or advise on the permanent health damages I am creating?.Thank you
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there. Welcome. Are you currently drinking or under the influence?
Watching this when I'm craving helps me bounce back by reminding me of what I could be if I continued. ..https://youtu.be/_dJ97Vwoup4..You'll have to ignore some of the "reality show" nuances because it is made for television. But there is very real behavior displayed and medical information that is quite scary and influential. 
Also I'm not a sponsor but am always willing (and happy) to take a PM or call from anyone who needs a distraction or let off some steam. 
Hi there recently sober here and vodka is my thing too.  I have relapsed a few times but then I always end up quitting again.  You know why?  Because I always remember how much better my life got when I was sober for an entire year...Saved money felt great answered the phone like a responsible adult could drive at any time of there was some sort of emergency surfed better worried less got really fit without even really trying my face and body looked great got girls had a clean apartment went on a tropical vacation because I could afford to my work improved and I actually began enjoying it my curiosity about everything came back my creativity came back I acted on ideas rebuilt bridges I had burned.........then every time I go back to drinking I lose all of that within a few months.  We all slip up...I shouldn't say all but most of us do and that's ok as long as you remember what it is like to be sober.  ..I am only a little over 2 weeks in this time and I am so happy that I did it.  I feel so much better already and I've already lost weight despite eating everything in the house.  ..Go for it!  Whether you do permanent damage or not you WILL feel better guaranteed.  :)..
