-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/361gdh/thoughts_on_nonalcoholic_champagne_wine_beer/

I was in the super market the other day and saw non-alcoholic champagne in one of the aisles.  I wondered whether it would be a good idea or not.  Am I playing with fire?  Like would it tempt me into drinking the real thing?  If anyone has any experience with this please share.  I use to drink vodka soda & lime a lot.  If i just switched it up to soda and lime is that pretty much the same deal?  I guess the bottom line is would it increase your chance of relapsing even the slightest bit.  I've recently cut down on my coffee intake and decaf coffee was a helpful crutch.  Or are the two completely different in this case?    .By the way I had a big WIN today i got a new job that I love.  I was really proactive about applying for it as well.  Like there was no job listing i just did a cold approach.  I'm 89 days sober and was recently having doubts whether being sober was actually contributing anything to my life.  Could it be just a coincidence that this happened.  Anyway it's my birthday today and i'm all excited about tonight.  I have a restaurant booking with my girlfriend and there will not be any alcohol :)  .  
----------immediate responses--------

[here you go](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=non-alcoholic&amp;restrict_sr=on)
[deleted]
I'm just going to ignore the point of this post and wish you a Happy Birthday! 
Hey congrats on the new job! That's fantastic! From my experience it's best to avoid non-alcoholic beer champagne wine etc. It's just too close to the real thing. I tried drinking only non-alcoholic beer for a while and that didn't last. I ended up going from the non-alcoholic stuff to low-calorie beer to normal beer and finally back to the high gravity beer. I'm sure that some people can handle it but for me there was way too much of an association between the non-alcoholic beer and the (false) good times that I had drinking alcohol. That's my 2 cents. Hope it helps :) .
I used "alcohol free" beer and wine as a crutch when I was a drinker on days when I was designated driver. I remember alcohol free wine being really yucky...I've not used it in my sobriety. I'm good with keeping things simple: water/juice/tea.
There is no definitive answer to this as everyone is different. But if I have to question whether something would tempt me or not I just avoid it. It's not worth the risk if I'm that worried about it just to taste a beverage. I use flavored sparkling water as a crutch in this case. Better tasting and zero calories. :)..Happy birthday and enjoy dinner!! Congrats on your upcoming 90 days too.. 
I think sparkling water or carbonated water is where its at. Try some San Pellegrino.
Happy Birthday and Congratulations on the job.  I drink an NA beer once in a while when I want to look like everyone else or am tired of the usual subs or know that drink would go better with the food.  I don't feel like I've had any problem from it. No increased craving no feeling of euphoria.
I reserve these kinds of things for special occasions.  .For example.... I drank the sparkling cider instead of champagne at my sisters wedding.  ..But that was 15 years ago and 'Today' - we have so many wonderful sparkling waters I don't even bother with Martinelli's anymore.  ..Here's a funny thing... towards the end of my drinking I'd start my day with a half bottle on Baileys Irish Cream in my coffee (and trust me... the day went downhill from there!) and To THIS DAY (20 years sober) I avoid Irish Cream / minty coffee creamers.  It 'triggers' me to want Bailey's (then whiskey) in my coffee...So for ME... I can toast with and enjoy an iced tea just fine.  And occasionally (maybe every 3-4 years) an occasion calls for champagne I just pick up sparkling cider or sparkling water so I can do the required toast and know what is in my glass.   (ICE crisp apple sparkling water is my current choice... but they didn't make it in my early sobriety.) ..Happy birthday AND Congrats on the new job!  .
Not my quote but I love it and I picked it up around here somewhere: "Non-alcoholic beer is for non-alcoholics." ;-)..That being said in my still-new journey I'm drinking the occasional PC  (Canada grocery store brand) NA beer - surprisingly refreshing and only 50 calories.  I'm also enjoying packing a glass with ice and having tonic water and lots of lime...BUT..I am very aware as you point out in your post that maybe I'm just fooling myself.  I aim to transition away from the 'mocktail' in the near future...Sparkling water (Sodastream FTW!) splash of lime and cranberry does the trick most of the time.  :)..Congrats on approaching 90 days and happy birthday!
I always vote "no" on fake booze. It seems like pretending to drink because you can't or won't drink. Stick to sparkling water because you DON'T drink...That being said sometimes I have sparkling apple cider not because it replaces champagne (because I always hated it) but because it tastes good. So I'm kinda a hippocrite.
I have a celebration and a BBQ this weekend spent ages browsing the 'craft soda' aisle and discovered there is a great choice of ginger beers etc. I bought some to try as a treat wouldn't normally waste the calories but as everyone else will be drinking I'd rather enjoy something that was designed to taste good rather than mimic alcohol. Happy Birthday!
What about ginger beer? Would be interested in everyone's opinions on that also. Yes I've had mixed drinks with it but I also drank a LOT of whiskey cokes and I still have Coke. It's something tasty to order in a bar like a Shirley Temple. I don't have them at home.
I know some people with long term sobriety who enjoy non-alcoholic beer etc. For myself I drank because I wanted to get drunk so non-alcoholic beers and wines wouldn't do it for me. I think everyone is different and that some of us do well with non-alcoholic beers etc and some of us may be triggered.
Something I've heard a lot is "non-alcoholic beer is for non-alcoholics". I'll just leave that there as a thought...I drank vodka like it was my job.  When I wanted to mix things up I'd buy citrus vodka.  Every time I drink any cheap lemon/orange/limeade (like the powdered mixes and similar) my mind goes right to that citrus vodka.  So I avoid those drinks like the plague because my mind goes right to "Where's the booze?"  My go-to mixer (when I'd use one) was diet coke so I also avoided that during my first year sober.  Again my mind went right to "Ya know what would taste good with this? All the alcohol." And that's dangerous territory for me...My overall opinion on this topic is that I should avoid anything that starts my mind reminiscing about drinking.  If it tastes smells or burns like alcohol I politely decline it...Coffee unless you spiked it regularly can be a different story.  If there's no mental connection between coffee and alcohol then there isn't really a comparison to be made in this instance.  I've actually been using decaf coffee to curb my caffeine intake.  I didn't cut back for sobriety reasons but I'm sleeping better which keeps me in a better mood which then leads to my having a more positive mindset most morning which does help in living sober. Kind of a "six degrees of separation" thing between less caffeine and more pleasant sobriety.
If you fake it you won't make it!..Belvoir Elderflower cordial or if you want fizz sparkling presse..It is my 'go to' soft drink or Arizona-pomegranate! Deeelicious!..Happy Birthday hope you have a great day :). 
If you want to hear the best safest answer then just read the other comments. Or click that link. Obviously it's best to avoid any type of trigger. Not only that but non-alcoholic beer still has a small percentage of booze in it. But whatever the point is it's a potential trigger...Now if you want to hear about the other side. Well I hang out in trigger situations at least 3x a week. I won't get into the details but I've got 217 days under my belt and I'm not going to change that any time soon. My "plan" is very high risk one but I'm managing. I'm not tempted often and when I am it's fairly easy for me to resist. That's just me though and I'm just laying that out there because this could lead other people down a dangerous path and that's not my intention at all...O'Doules St Paulis? and basically any non-alcoholic beer. They all taste pretty much the same. I tend to have them when I'm on my own in a trigger situation. I guess it's kind of bad because it's my pretending to drink and it shows that I do still feel uncomfotable at times but it's becoming rarer that it ever happens. Mostly I'll just do it to sort of mix it up while at the same time actually building up a tab. I hate wasting a bartender's time with club sodas when they're busy and even when they're not. So that's one of my reasons...Does it make me wish it were alcoholic? Nah. Does it taste good? Nah. To be honest it taste like shitty water. Does it make me chill or feel more comfortable sometimes. It doesn't really do anything for me. But that's just me. I wouldn't advise anyone to do what I do or even think the way I do. I'm just being the Devil's Advocate here and I guess being real. While it's probably dangerous as hell as well as uncommon maybe even rare it's not impossible to manage.
No thanks. Not for me at all. It is far to close for comfort and I remember how i was when drunk...I suppose if I wanted to fake it I could also snort cornflour and take a handful of baby aspirin..
