-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/363bip/can_someone_just_acknowledge_me/

Can someone please just acknowledge that there is still a struggle. There is no rainbow unicorns. My life is not "never been better" my health is not "never been better" my mind is not clear. I have over 600 days in and I still struggle. But no one cares. ....Add::I posted in tears on my lunch break. I am getting off soon and will be able to read more thoroughly. Most of the comments are spot on. I have not "fixed" the problems that I was medicating with alcohol. I don't even know where to begin. It seems to be getting worse each day and the only thing I know to do is medicate. I am driving home and will be back on shortly. Thank you all so much for taking time. ...EDIT TWO: thank you all so much. I went home last night and crashed. I am back at work and trying to reply. As some of you have mentioned I am just a "dry drunk" I really don't know where to start after acknowledging that. I am at work and haven't checked my pm's I will at lunch. I'm still in a bad place but I am hoping to discover some new tools. Will be back on later. Thanks again!...Final edit: I am about to leave for my first ever meeting. Thank you all so much for caring enough to speak up. Wish me luck.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry.  ..I keep reading this comment over and over and I want to share it with you:  http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35zqbg/is_aa_really_the_only_answer/cr9dlft..The super important bit for me:  ..&gt;But to quit drinking and doing drugs and replacing that gigantic hole in your life with nothing is the surest path back to active alcoholism and addiction that I know...Have you replaced alcohol use with anything?  Worked on the other issues tied in with substance abuse?  Besides abstaining what does your recovery program look like?..
For what it's worth I care. You don't know me I don't know you. You could be around the corner from me or half a world away we will never meet. However that does not preclude me from giving a shit about you a complete stranger...I agree with you completely. No unicorns for me either not even the rainbow ones. I haven't turned into some superhuman Hulk beast that could take on the whole world and I haven't entered into some "Inception" like state of mind where the entire universe unfolds in front of me. As for the struggle well I struggle as well even though my 200-odd days pales in comparison to your 600+.."No one cares." Wrong.
Seek out a program.  The substance abuse was just a symptom of the disease.
I'm sorry that you're struggling /u/thebusterleague.  At 600 days I was in federal prison so I've lived it.  But look my experience is that if I didn't drink I have hope that my life will get better and it did.  Notwithstanding I still struggle.  Some days even now the best thing I do all day is go to bed sober.  ..Are you accessing recovery help outside of SD?  AA meetings?  Counseling?..Good luck friend.
Nothing changes if nothing changes. Action is what keeps me sober and action for me means regular attendance at AA meetings and regular exercise. Why not try both of these things for 30 days and see how you feel?
So? What do you mean no one cares? Why are you so concerned if other people care or do not care about you? You are not owed anything by anyone and the struggle is real for everyone.   .  .Do you want to know the secret to "never been better"? It is as admission of contentment with where I am at this point in my life. Is there room for improvement? Fuck yes. Are there hardships? Fuck yes. That doesn't mean I can't find joy in my sorrows. I have a choice to be happy or to not be happy. **It is a choice you have as well.** If there is some aspect of my life today that I do not like I can take action and correct the aspect... Do you know why? Because a drink is not a good solution for any problem in my life. Blood sugar running high? Well my diet includes lots of soda and sugary foods; maybe I should cut back on eating out and focus more on eating vegetables. Am I forgetting things constantly and my mind seems to easily be distracted? I should start writing lists of Things to do and making a daily planner... And by writing a daily planner I can help my diet by informing my brain ahead of time that I will be eating Chicken Kale Fiesta Salad for lunch with 2 Tbs of raspberry vinaigrette. Then as my day goes on I will write notes of things that made me smile through out the day. If there was nothing to smile about I force a smile and tell myself thanks for not picking up a drink today.  .  .*If you find this rude and unhelpful well just know that what you are feeling will pass*
Yeah we hear you and as suggested there are ways to climb out of the muck And maybe one of the best is to ask for help as you did sorta...Ok now you've got our attention - start a dialog - in this thread or pm any of the responders. Start by blowing up the myth that no one cares - hard to care when we are unaware...
I can't offer any sage advice; the last time I even made it THIS far was because I was legally mandated to.  ...IMO the difficulty is made worse by the fact that nearly all pop culture glamorizes substance abuse.  "Cool people do drugs" "Manly men drink whiskey" Etc. . ...Being a big-time contrarian I fight this by looking at it as pop culture trying to tell me what to do.  That makes me resent the idea of drinking. 
I was expecting miracles when I set the glass down. I wanted the butterflies rainbows and kittens too. And I didn't get them. And it pissed me off. And I relapsed...But then I realized that just because I stopped waving a sledgehammer around it didn't mean that my house was going to magically transform itself into the Taj Mahal. All I did was stop damaging myself. I still needed to put a LOT of work into repairing the damage done by 3 decades of alcoholism...So there's my question to you. It's been 600 days sober what have you done in the past to make today better and what do you plan to do today to make tomorrow better? If you're just coasting you're going downhill...If you're honestly making a heroic effort to rebuild your life and aren't seeing results then that's one thing. But if you're not doing much of the work you're not going to see much in the way of results..
We care buster.  I suppose I'm guilty of only sharing the good parts of sobriety without dwelling too much on the negative.  Truth is I *have* to make a point to enjoy any benefit from sobriety I can see because it helps me keep sober.  Many things are complete shit for me but overall I do feel better.  Hope things look up for you soon!
I acknowledged this 2 weeks ago in a post about how great life became for someone. :: *FearOfTheLight 368 days 16 points 15 days ago* .To those of us who gained weight (I used to be drunkorexic) and had life shit on us recently --- It's still better sober. Don't compare yourself to others and get depressed I am in this for the long haul. Congrats to those who lives totally turned around that is truly great and I imagine it happens to many who get sober but if your life doesn't turn into a perfect dream - keep at it I guarantee you life is better even if you don't remember how bad it was. *..I just hit a year and was told last night by my SO that I was better as a daily drunk than playing video games as much as I do.  ???? . I get it but I also think the others commenting are right when they talk about addressing the issues that caused us to drink in the first place.  Drinking is just a symptom of the real issue..
I am not trying to be crass here but this really is the definition of a "dry drunk" right?
We care we are here we help I've been sober 20 years now and I can tell you that it's hard it's a struggle everyday thanks to aa and sites like this that help me stay sober don't give up the fight when your at your weakest be strong and go to a meeting or come here we're here because we've been there stay strong one more day 
People care and don't even know you.  You have 24 upvotes and 19 comments in two hours...What have you done and what are you doing to improve your life?  Why is your health not better?  What have you done to try and improve it?  I ask because that's the easy one.  Pretty much anyone can get into better health by eating better and doing any type of physical activity.  It's science.  So what have you done the past 644 days to improve your health?..My life has never been better but I work on improving it almost every day (should every day but I still get lazy sometimes and still procrastinate sometimes - the difference is when I was drinking I would get drunk in addition to procrastinating so instead of getting back to action the next day I was nursing a hangover or depressed and start binging and my goals would fall by the waste side).  I also put in so much work and learned so much to get to the point where I no longer struggle or obsess or think about drinking...We would need to know more about your situation though so I hope to hear more from you...Thank you for sharing and all the best.
Consider treatment for depression. I benefited greatly from these 'headspace' mp3s that I pirated a dickload of kinda guided mindfulness meditation dealies. Addiction boils down to self medicating essentially you're probably miserable because the issue that made drinking appeal so much is back in sharp focus. Shit sucks pal try not to wallow in self pity too hard its about as helpful as the booze.
I know how you feel.  I've been sober a long time so people think life is just peachy all the time.  It's not.  It's much easier to deal with my problems sober than it ever was drunk but it's not easy.  Life isn't easy...There are always going to be bad days but there are more good days now than I ever had when I was still drinking.  Please don't let anyone minimize your problems or your pain.  When you need help ask for it.  We all need help.  This game of life is no fun if we try to play it alone.  If you need to vent do so.  If you don't want a bunch of people giving you unwarranted advice (which is what's going to happen and what I'm doing right now...sorry) go to /r/offmychest add a NAW flair and get it out.  ..Keep fighting.  As I've heard many times before you've come too far to only come this far.  
When I first quit drinking it was almost like I was a novelty for my friends and family. They wanted to help they were always asking me how I was doing or telling me how proud they were of me. In time people forget and I just became a person that doesn't drink. At first I felt hurt that people were no longer acknowledging my efforts. Didn't they know how hard it was for me?? ..In time I realized that most people don't care and they shouldn't. You stopped doing something that you shouldn't have been doing in the first place. Other alcoholics on the other hand we get it. I care. I'm happy that you've been sober for 600 days. I know what it takes.  Think back to where you were 600 days ago and how badly you wanted to be where you are now. It's not all sunshine and rainbows but I know for me that alcohol can always make any situation much WORSE. ..There's some really good comment in here take heed to the theme of the advice being given and good luck. 
I care! ..One breath one day one moment... some are great some are shitty some are blah... you need the contrast for any of them to really stand out!
I care. Sending you rainbow unicorns in my thoughts.
I struggle every day. I'm right there with you.
Dude I feel the same way alot and its what always drives me back to drink.  I care about you and I hope that some day each of us will find a way to live without booze and somehow be happy with it. 
Oh man I feel you.   ..It was about 20 months before I really started feeling better. ..But!..I had to drastically change some other bad habits I had picked up along the way.  ..Namely a new sugar addiction.  It helped me get off booze but I started eating so much of it that I would get sugar hangovers. ..It also gave me depression for days.  ...Is there anything like that going on with you?   
There were a lot of things that I did because I drank that I had to stop doing before I could enjoy sobriety.  I still attend 10-11 meetings a week and milk them for all they are worth.  I never pray ever but I certainly think about who I am what I want and where I am going.  I try to help others whenever I can...just because.  I try to listen to others and find out what they are trying to tell me not necessarily what they are saying.  Once in a while I buy myself an ice cream cone.  I do not romanticise my drinking and even when I remember when times were good I ponder how little choice I had in my conduct and what happened.  A good friend told me it is all inside between the different factions that make up me.  If I do not do my best I will always fail.  Conversely it is only me so if I do my best I will always win.  Anhedonia and depression are frequent side effects of ceasing ethanol or other drug use.  It can take time to rally our brain chemicals after the rough ride we have been on.  I have weathered some really bad attacks of PAWS as recently as a few weeks ago but they get weaker. There is still a struggle of course but I am worth it and it is not all toil and tears.  Talk to your MD about anti-depressant meds.  They need to be looked at prudently but can work wonders.  There is a whole attitude thing that I try to cultivate and I similarly devote very little time or effort to negative emotions.  Sobriety is a learned habit and does not automatically result from cessation of drinking.  I found it was at the meetings AA and otherwise that I learned what I need to know.  The translation from explicit to implicit sober behaviour takes a long time.  For me nothing was so bad as being stuck in that endless cycle of drinking and temporarily not drinking until I was forced to drink again.  Life ain't sposed to be like that.
Really sorry to hear you're having such a tough time...My suggestion every day try to do at least one or two (hopefully more) little things that will have some positive impact on your life.  Going to the gym or for a run might be one or cleaning your home calling a friend or family member you haven't chatted with in a while or working on a new skill or hobby.  It really is amazing how quickly small positive activities and choices can add up to make a huge impact on your overall quality of life...It can also help to set a goal or a couple of goals in different areas.  Make them challenging but achievable.  Maybe a fitness goal or a goal based on learning a new skill or improving an existing one.  If the goal seems like it's going to take longer than a month or so break it down into smaller sub-goals that take less time to accomplish.  Then focus intensely on your goals.  When you complete one reward yourself!..These are the ways I keep myself positive and focused personally.  At least one or two little things a day to improve my life and building and working towards a goal.  ..Staying sober is great and absolutely essential to your being able to make choices and take steps to improve your life; but it won't automatically make your life amazing.  Little bits of effort day by day will though.
Try to find something spiritual perhaps? Otherwise life is basically just a list of ultimately meaningless achievements...I like zen myself. 
Hi. I understand. I have many years sober but that does not mean that the usual problems and troubles of life do not still happen. What it does mean is that I no longer try to hide in the bottom of a bottle from them...Since I have been sober actually over twenty years soberI have struggled with depression job loss health issues friends and family dying. I have lost a career my entire retirement gone bankrupt while both kids were in college and lost a home to foreclosure...Sometimes life is fucking hard...During all of this I have stayed married and stayed sober. Both kids are graduates now one a teacher the other a nurse...Somehow we get through the tough times also...You say you have not fixed the problems that caused you to drink. Why not start now? If I may be so bold to suggest a meeting I am willing to bet that you can find others who have struggled the same way you are right now but have come through on the other side.
Do you live in a city? If so you should have a community services board of some kind. They can hook you up with a therapist which really helps. Made a huge difference for me.
I have read in a few places recently that the opposite of addiction is not sobriety. It's human connection.  Are you connected?
This entire community cares about you. As someone with just under half the sober time you've logged can I just congratulate you for 600 days? Especially 600 days when you don't feel any better. I agree with everyone here- address those feelings and fill those gaps- but 600 days is a feat. 600 days with no apparent payoff is a monument to your patience and your commitment. On some level you believe in this- keep going. 
I know he's a bit played out but I've been on some weird binge of watching Russel Brand interviews on YouTube lately. Supposedly before his fame he lived in squalor and was addicted to heroin and crack. He now very actively speaks about it in public in an attempt to get the UK's constituents to give more attention to substance addiction. As he puts it:..You are never really absolved from addiction. You most literally take it one day at a time... forever.
some tricks I learned from the rainbow unicorns...[one](http://i.imgur.com/uao5dKi.jpg)..[two](http://i.imgur.com/Vk60Lq4.jpg)..[three](http://i.imgur.com/ngFxjbx.jpg)..[four](http://i.imgur.com/a4IOmf7.jpg)..and [five.](http://i.imgur.com/huCNyIw.jpg)..thats enough for now........
Stay strong friend...you're an inspiration.   I can't honestly see myself ever getting to 644....or even 64.
Look at all these replies? almost 50 replies I can't ever get that many when I make a post. Do you still think nobody cares?.Do you still struggle with staying sober or do you struggle with life? There is a term called "dry drunk syndrome" and I don't want to label you with it but I bring it up because it does happen to people. You might want to read about it. http://www.discoveryplace.info/dry-drunk-depth-explanation-dry-drunk-recovery  I am sorry you feel so down but did you know you can change your whole life if you change your attitude? If you think negative then you will feel negative. If you think positive you will feel positive. There is something magical about it. Try to stop thinking negative thoughts. Always think of the bright side of things. Think of rainbow unicorns and they will appear. Right now as I type this post rainbow unicorns are flying out of my butt because I put them there.
[deleted]
Commenting so I can read in the morning. I could have easily posted this...I hope you are feeling a little better tonight friends.. 
I feel you. Some things can't be undone. Life is always different after addiction. We see the world differently and they see us differently.
Here's a hug. *HUG* .People care. .Here's a question. What step are you on? .Here's a  thing. Today. Today. What can I do today? What's the next right thing Today?.My life's not a tingly bowl of fun but you know what? I don't have to drink Today..I've been through some stuff in Sobriety and am still going through some stuff that would have left me a pile of steaming ashes when I was still out there. Did not and still do not have to drink or drug to get through a day. Today. .Keep fighting. 664 days is awesome. .If you work the program of AA get a sponsor go to meetings and grasp the fellowship your life will get better. Maybe not Guiness Book of records better but better. .All I got for now but here's another hug. *HUG*
Life even without alcohol can be hard. I can think of some non-drinkers in my life they've never battled alcohol they've still got their own struggles...All I know is sober life is better than being a slave to alcohol. Any sober day trumps a drunk one.  To get improvements in our life we need to improve ourselves and this is only possible sober. That's why active recovery is important. Be grateful for your feelings and awareness for they are signposts to areas for attention and opportunity for growth...I think [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/364at9/after_1777_days_as_a_sobernaut_these_are_the_5/) may provide some inspiration
I acknowledge you! I also validate you and I empathize with you. You are not alone. ..A unicorn is slang for a privately held tech company worth over $1 billion dollars. To my knowledge none of them come in rainbow. So no there are no rainbow unicorns. OK now let's get serious...Can it be turned around? Yes! Those that claim success in sobriety--they're not all just faking it. Well I do fake it just a little because a) I want to be a good example to newcomers since sobriety really is overall a good deal and b) a lot of it is mindset. I had to reverse the polarity of my mind. Now I make molehills out of mountains...How to turn it around: Work a plan to turn it around. ..What kind of plan: it can be an existing program like AA or any other one that has worked for others. In my case it was a mixture of many plans. I hit it from the medical the therapeutic the spiritual and the physical realms. Even if you're not following a plan that in itself is a plan. By the sound of it you don't have a good plan. That's OK you can always change plans at any time. I used my own self-designed plan in the early years and relapsed at almost 1 year 4 times. My plan has changed greatly since then. ..How do you stick to the plan: Others motivate me. It's like a work-out buddy x 1000. We do it together. It holds me accountable and keeps me going...Does sticking to the plan guarantee me one perfect day after another? Of course not. There's plenty of horsesh*t on the road to improvement and I've stepped in more than my fair share. What I get is the best chance at self-actualization I could possibly hope for...Now go get another day of sobriety and then let's talk some more. :-)
[Was there any difference 200 days ago?](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2lhh8k/having_a_tough_time_all_of_a_sudden/) And what changes did you make? You got me burning the midnight oil wondering if you made it home safe. Enjoy your weekend
"When one's expectations are reduced to zero one really appreciates everything one does have."   Stephen Hawking ..
It's harder for me taking out life problems while obliging my alcoholism no doubt about that. It isn't a walk in the park and I still have life problems sure but damn if it ain't easier on my mind anxiety and body health!
Do something [proactive](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/35tn0r/tough_decisions_and_a_challenge/).  Take action.
You take a horse thief and get him sober you still have a sober horse thief...this means that you can take away the problem but now it is up to you to make the solution!
