-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3668ra/reset_and_questions_on_aa/

Relapses are daunting. I thought mine would have been contained to only one last week... I felt so horrifyingly bad clearly it wouldn't repeat itself...  But hell three in one week. They aren't event separate relapses really just one continuous spiral. I mean what the hell... I've been miserable and I do it again. I really did it this time too... I kept going till seven am consistently chatting up friends and family and making a mess of myself. Luckily I don't think I did anything too dumb except for making a fool of myself and potentially worrying those that care about me... But I guess this isn't anything new to me... ..What will be new however is AA. No more thinking or debating I'm going this weekend. I need to change something because I really want to change this drinking. ..Thus my question. I see like "open meeting" and "open discussion meeting" etc... What's the difference? Seems like I want the "beginner meeting"? What is this meeting type? Also have you ever shown up and been the only one or worse like one of two people? How did that go?
----------immediate responses--------

"open" means that the meeting welcomes non-alcoholics (such as friends and family). At this point I think any meeting can be useful for you but I suggest you look for "beginner" and "discussion" meetings where you get to hear many short "snippets of wisdom". Usually AA meetings are well  attended but as the founders  used to  say all it takes for a meeting is two alcoholics and a pot of coffee. It's a journey. Enjoy every second.
Open meetings welcome everyone even those who just want to listen (or aren't alcoholics). It's as close to a beginner meeting as you'll get. I've been to a few meetings with only 1or2 others and actually it helped immensely. I was able to ask more personal type questions about the program and get answers from someone who knew. You may find someone who at least temporarily wants to be your sponsor and show you the way. Don't be afraid of AA...the only requirement to be there is a desire to stop drinking. No money no talking no commitments and no god unless you decide that's what you want. Just go to listen chances are you'll hear your story come out of someone else's share. When you do find out how that person got better. It's not rocket science in there though I have seen miracles occur for many people who keep an open mind. I had to remember that these people weren't going to stop me from being able to drink alcohol if I wanted they were simply going to show me a way to live where alcohol isn't the answer any more. 
Hey! Just want to say good for you for recognizing you can't do it alone. In AA they talk about the two things that make us alcoholics:..1. The physical craving: once we have one drink we need to keep drinking...2. The mental obsession: even after swearing we'll stop our minds trick us into drinking again...Sounds like you fully understand these two things now. That's huge progress (even if it doesn't fee like it yet). Let us know how the meeting goes. I know that I have never felt such relief as I did after my first meeting. You are not alone. Meeting other alcoholics in real life changed everything for me...You can do this!
Welcome understand that AA is well different be prepared for more laughter than you would expect loud and seemingly inappropriate.  People are going to accept you as you are.  If you feel pressure just say I am here to listen...We all went to a first AA meeting - usually like you when we ran out of all the other options and the fantasy of controlled drinking was gone...Relax take your time people may give you books phone numbers advice.  they want you to call if you have questions feel like drinking want advice on meetings to go to - and understand meetings can vary greatly in tone temperament topic and size....
You have a terrific attitude! If something isn't working we have to try something new. That is what has helped me this time around. On the days that I wanted to drink I was determined to access every support available to me even the ones that I didn't like 100%.  But that group of drunks sure save my ass when I want to drink! Personally I get a feeling similar to the relief I feel following a 180 dollars an hour counseling fashion. So what if they say the Lord's Prayer at the meeting I attended even though I am an atheist. All that release of feeling and support cost me was a buck or two. 
[deleted]
&gt;I felt so horrifyingly bad clearly it wouldn't repeat itself...  But hell three in one week. They aren't event separate relapses really just one continuous spiral...I can relate. I find it difficult to stay sober after a relapse. I drank last sat after 451 days sober. I didn't enjoy it and swore it off again after only a few hours. You'd think after over a year aober that would be easy but nope. I am more vulnerable today than I was on my last day 6. It's just so much easier to again consider compromising my decision to quit after having done it once. From past experience I know I have to be extra vigilant in the coming days weeks and months after letting my own beast out of its cage...Good luck to you.
I think you are on the right track thinking AA. Good luck.
[This is my comment from the community FAQ on this question.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/34vu9m/faq_what_happens_at_a_recovery_group_meeting/cqyjjwe)..Good luck to you.
Hey bear. Confession: I've been ~~stalking~~ checking your posts from time to time ever since [you responded to my comment.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/32z80f/feeling_really_restless_and_self_destructive/cqg1f4r) I even made some more [bear drawings on Adobe Illustrator](http://i.imgur.com/y2y40qc.png) that were inspired by you. I wanted to create an animation where a bear and wolf were alcoholics that got into a fight one night only to realize that their true enemy was alcohol not each other. Cheesy but whatever. Never completed the full animation but I had fun making the character sketches...Anyway I know you're really into music and I remember seeing [this comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3583lj/feeling_tempted/cr2atry) when you'd had a pretty good streak of sobriety going  One line that stood out to me is this:..&gt;Maybe a more direct way to put it is that music and seeing these acts is more important to me than my sobriety...Is this still true?
good idea to try again and try something different 
"  luckily I don't think I did anything to dumb except for making a fool of myself and worrying those that care about me" ..That's the dumbest move of all when it comes to relapses. People care and love you and this disease has us thinking that's " not to bad" ou vey - wake up my friend
I would highly recommend getting a sponsor as soon as you can.  Its the only thing that's kept me sober this long.  Its super helpful with getting involved in the program and getting introduced to people to.  I found the whole thing pretty daunting by myself.  
