-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36dhq7/one_and_done_relapses/

I am curious whether anyone has stories of people who quit and literally never relapsed...You hear about relapses so commonly that it seems inevitable sometimes -- which can be bad for keeping up my morale / rationalizing. Here and there I find that little addict devil in the back of my brain saying: "Well it's gonna happen eventually why not now?" So far I've held off but it would be nice to hear that there is some precedent for stopping once and being done forever so it doesn't feel like I'm attempting the impossible...P.S. This is sincerely no judgment whatsoever of folks who have struggled with relapses -- I can understand the impulse 100%.
----------immediate responses--------

I made several half-assed attempts at quitting.  These were the types where I would make elaborate promises to people that "tomorrow will be the day I finally stop."  Other than using my amazing willpower I never really made any plans on how to achieve that goal of stopping.  With one exception I never made it past a few days like this.  **I do not consider any of these instances to be a "relapse."  In my opinion people throw around that word recklessly.**..On 10-6-10 I finally gave up trying to control my drinking my way.  I gave up trying to convince myself that I wasn't an alcoholic.  I gave up believing that I had any power over this.  I gave up lying to myself and everyone else.  I gave up living with guilt and shame as my motivation to find sobriety.  On that day I finally decided to do whatever it took to find sobriety and recovery.  On that day I finally decided to shut my mouth and start listening to the people who actually knew about this disease and no matter how much I disagreed with it I decided to do whatever they told me to do in early sobriety to get better...Since 10-6-10 I have never had another drink of alcohol.
I haven't relapsed and I certainly don't plan to!  I've never tried quitting before because I knew I couldn't do it. I just knew that any attempt I made would not be successful. What I did instead was I started going to AA meetings on my lunch break at work (normally I would go to the pub for a few beers). I went almost every weekday and I listened (and shared). I gathered evidence that sobriety was possible. I met the elusive sober people that I didn't know existed. They were happy and still had lives. I went home after work and continued to drink but drinking changed. Every time I cracked a beer I thought about what was said in the meeting that day. AA really does take the pleasure out of drinking. I went to meetings for over three months (bless those kind people that put up with my whining). Finally I figured I had gathered enough evidence and thought about it enough to give it a go. I planned for a one week "test". That week was so easy I just kept going. This method really worked for me. I had no cravings no withdrawal and I was already immersed in a program of recovery so simply removing the alcohol was not a huge change. ..Relapse does NOT have to happen. I understand it does for many but not for me. 
I sincerely hope to be a one-and-done candidate. I've never done this before I am committed to sobriety and recovery each day not just 'not drinking'. Relapse is something I'm aware can be part of recovery it's not impossible to avoid it it's never inevitable. I don't know what the statistics are on this but even if I did I'm still responsible for my own sobriety each day...Indeed the fear of relapse is one of my motivators - I don't want to weaken my wall or resolve I may struggle to build it again.
Contrary to popular belief relapse is not a condition of sobriety. My first sponsor came to in a jail cell thinking he had killed somebody while driving drunk. 32 years later his sobriety date has not changed.
