-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36f9z9/pairing_things_you_enjoy_with_alcohol_and_its/

Narrowing down on relapse-triggers how does one enjoy things they love to do that have been subconsciously paired with drinking?..Say sitting outside in beautiful weather has been paired with a cold beer playing guitar watching shows eating spicy food and going to concerts have been paired with drinking. Besides pure willpower how can someone remove these associations to where they can do things they love without craving alcohol?..Books videos speeches all the like are much appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

Regarding books videos etc. there is [this link to our ever expanding database.](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books)..As it relates to "pairing" or what I'd call situational drinking habits I do the [the things I describe at the Baby Steps post.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Specifically I do item 1. on the list that's there: I make a conscious deliberate daily decision upon first awakening that I am not going to drink TODAY no matter what happens good or bad.  With that decision alcohol drinking alcohol is out of my movie for the day.  Apart from staying in dry places and with dry people in early sobriety (and for the most part now) I go about my business.  ..Let me give you an idea about the goals.  I stop drinking and my sustained time sober heals my brain and my body and I feel better.  That is "not drinking."  SOBER is another degree of difficulty and for me it implies a set of values in which I form new associations relationships and habits all for the express purpose of finding a path forward towards my authentic self.  ..Good luck to you.
First spend a lot of time thinking on this one:  Are you sure you actually enjoy those things?  Are you sure you don't enjoy those things simply because they involve alcohol?  If you have been drinking for a long time can you really know?..When I was drinking I watched 20+ hours of football each week.  I'd watch all day Saturday all day Sunday MNF Thursday night the occasional Friday night game and I was big into fantasy football.  Here I am three years later. Guess how much football I watched this past season?  If you guessed "under 10 hours for the entire season" you guessed correctly.  Turns out that I don't actually enjoy sitting on my ass and staring at the TV screen.  Who knew?  ..Had I tried to force myself to watch a ton of games I'd have probably been thinking something like *This just isn't the same without alcohol.  I should start drinking again.*  Talk about your misguided actions eh?  It wasn't the football that I enjoyed.  It was the drinking.  (And the laying around hungover all day too.)..Second for those things that you actually do enjoy (I'm gonna guess that playing guitar falls into that category) the more you do them the less your mind will associate them with drinking.  It takes time.  I wouldn't just into anything like that right away personally.  I spent my first three months doing all sorts of things I didn't want to do just to pass the time.  Cuz ya know what "triggered" me?  EVERYTHING.  I was an addict who wanted his drug.  In that state one would swear that seeing a ladybug fly by was "triggering."  There ain't no such things as triggers at least not how most people envision them.  Triggers are just excuses that haven't yet been slain.  ..
&gt;Besides pure willpower how can someone remove these associations..I recognized that these situations triggered a thirst in me so I removed alcohol from the equation and endeavored to quench my thirst. I discovered flavorful mocktails and I ingested them at a similar rate that I had previously ingested alcohol (e.g. a lot)..I found these replacement drinks invaluable in the early days. Over time I drank them less and less. I no longer associate those situations with alcohol at all...Good to see you back /u/rustyMunkee. I'm not drinking with you today
This has been quite a challenge for me because many activities I used to pair with drinking aren't optional leisure activities. Instead they are things like cooking working from home etc. I just made myself do what I needed to do and simultaneously refused to let myself drink while doing these things until my sense of 'normal' adjusted to match. It is taking a while but even after only 2 weeks it is getting easier.
