-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36h1hd/feeling_really_alone_in_times_of_struggle/

I need support. I don't want to do this alone. I think the last time I relapsed was my fourth or so time. I don't want there to be a fifth. I need a game plan. I'm weary of AA but perhaps it'll help a little. I know that there are so many supportive and kind people in this community from prior experience so I'm reaching out again...Hi everyone. Let's do this together.
----------immediate responses--------

There is the IRC chat on the side which is helpful.  I enjoy AA for the locals while some people don't like it you will be local like minded people.  There is another program called SMART but it only appears to be in large cities.
AA is not the boogie man so many think it will be.  ..Yeah some mention God the books push it a little but most of the folks in it that I know are agnostics atheists and backsliders of some degree and those with faith generally do not push it...Beyond that it is a social phenomenon that has to be seen to be believed egalitarian anarchistic with no real leaders and a collection of amazing people. Some are confused puppies some are jerks but by in large they are well beyond ok.  I am a natural born isolate and have friendships I never dreamed possible
If you think a face-to-face meeting would help you could try one out. Whether it's AA or something else will depend on what's accessible to you first and then your preference if there's a choice. 
Hey friend it can be really hadd but you can do this and it is worth it. Youve got my number use it
Hey Electrax. God that loneliness is the worst. My dad used to say that I needed to get comfortable sitting with myself. It always pissed me the fuck off. Like you get comfortable with yourself asshat. ...Really he was right. I think the biggest obstacle in my sober journey is learning to show myself compassion and love. Being around the loving people in AA has definitely helped. I know I was a little weary at first too. It can seem a bit cultish at first but has been really helpful for me. SD is also EXTREMELY helpful. Everyone here is awesome....I hope you feel better soon. 
