-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36w5f1/nothing_is_so_bad_that_relapse_wont_make_it_worse/

great reminder as we in the States head into a holiday weekend
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Nothing is so bad that relapse won't make it worse..Truer words have never been spoken typed written or telegraphed...Have a great holiday everyone!    Make your life better in some small way.
Thank you I agree
So true thanks for this
Damn right man...I'm going climbing tomorrow with a bunch of normals and the climbing community really loves its beer. Fortunately there is a sober active community here where I live that is very well known within the city so I'll be wearing my shirt from them as a flag of "Hey I'm in recovery and we can climb bike hike and lift without drinking or drugging any more." Not that I would ever tell them they can't drink! If you can have a couple beers on a sunny day go for it! I just can't. ..Good luck all!
/u/bigndfan175 - you are such a positive influence on this board. ..
Excellent and timely reminder (it's bank holiday weekend here in the UK too bbq and beer time). Thanks for this. 
Also: nothing is so good that relapse will make it better.
Right on!
Wise words. 
Thanks I needed this today. Had such a bad day at work. My loader is apparently the only loader that wanted to work today so I had to do 3 loaders worth of work with just mine.... I was screaming profanity at rocks. Now I feel better though
Oh I don't know. It's hard to imagine the Holocaust getting any worse. ..I know this is an oft repeated AAism but I think we should talk to someone about tweaking it just a tad. ..*With the exception of the Holocaust nothing is so bad that relapse won't make it worse.* 
I always love the play the tape all the way through thought yeah I could have a beer but then what'll happen if give myself a week to be back to chugging vodka as if I still had a tolerance and prolly be dead. So you know that's always worse then whatever situation you find yourself in now. 
Just got home after spending the entire day with sober friends/in meetings babysitting myself so that I wouldn't drink. I'll be asleep in a hour and logging in to see this note from you is very very welcome in the last stretch.
Thanks bigndfan. Wise words as always! A really important reminder for us all. Take care and thanks again for taking the trouble to find these quotes and share them with us :)
I needed to hear this today. I'm not sure why today I keep looking at my son in laws beer in the fridge thinkin " well one beer would sure taste good" knowing damn good and and well six of them later I would be all done for. 1365 days is a lot to throw away and you are right  nothing is that bad I think.
I made it through the weekend too! Thanks for saving me a seat on the boat! Peace and good vibes.
