-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36xyfi/when_will_i_have_a_day_that_i_dont_think_about_it/

43 days sober and I'm in a pretty good spot.  I don't do meetings but I have SD and supportive people around me.  I've been exercising like a maniac to occupy all this extra time I suddenly have and I've been working on living in the moment but pointed towards the future.  Trying to be more mindful of now.  I'm feeling good.  ..I've been reading /r/stopdrinking daily all the new posts and the top old posts too.  Doing everything I can to learn from all of you.  This [post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/) which I'll be grateful for forever is what convinced me on April 9th that I needed to stop drinking forever rather than "take a break" or "try to moderate".  ..I've gotten used to certain circumstances that trigger my urges.  Driving home from work is a big one. Every single time I drive past the Walmart my eyes briefly drift over to that turn lane.    Lazy Saturday afternoons caught me off guard at first but now I anticipate and deal with the urges as the come. ..What I can't get used to is the random urges.  Today I was driving around running errands in the morning with my 3 year old in the backseat singing along to the Frozen soundtrack.  We drive past a dingy liquor store and all of a sudden the urge came.  I closed my eyes for half a second and just imagined having a drink.  The warmth the initial relief that comes with it the oblivion that follows.  It totally derailed my entire thought process when all I did was drive past a *god damn liquor store.*..The moment passed and I'm fine.  I'm not going to drink.  But it got me thinking I had only been up for two hours and here I was imagining having a drink.  When does this stop?  Does it ever?  When will I have a day that I think "I haven't thought about booze in a long time" rather than the repetitive "I'd like a drink -- NO I don't do that anymore."?..When will I not think about it so damn much?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; When will I not think about it so damn much?..When will my garden grow?  ....
I wish to know this too :/ The longest period of sobriety I've ever had was 61 days right before my most recent relapse. It is exhausting always white knuckling always telling myself "No I don't drink" instead of just never thinking of it...I've never smoked cigarettes but I never find myself thinking "Gosh maybe I can smoke some cigarettes" or sternly telling myself "No you don't smoke cigarettes!" I just wish it was the same way with alcohol. 
The old AA quip to answer this is "Well you didn't become addicted to alcohol in a day did you?" Nope. Took time...And the further one stays away from drinking the sooner the urges and thinking about it will mellow. There is no one answer for this "time span when?" as we are all different in that way...Hang in there. It gets better and better the longer you do.
P.S.  One suggestion you can do when obsessing mentally is direct that energy ( that's all it is) in a positive way. Such as writing down the reasons you decided to stop drinking the woes drinking has caused in your life etc...Simply put this is an action an easy one for it is something we have already lived. It revues and re-enforces why you are here in a quit drinking site...Best to you
To quote space ball "when will now be then?  Soon".Take things one day at a time this isn't a process you can rush.  For me it was well past 130 days before I was able to ignore the booze section at the store.  I still have envy for those who can drink but I look at this as a late onset allergy.  I'm allergic to booze and break out in stupidity and memory loss.
I had this thought today as I was driving &amp; I realized how happy I am...which triggered a desire to have a drink. I talked to my sponsor &amp; realized I may never not have them but they don't have to lead to me obsessively thinking about it. Doesn't have to lead me to take that drink. It'll be there but it will leave but I have to let it. My first 60 days were the worst now it comes &amp; goes.
I think about it so so often still- always in the positive though. Like "wow it feels so great to not be drinking!" Lately it's getting less but even at the one year mark it was a daily constant thought process of "not drinking and it's awesome" or thinking about fallacies around drinking or picking apart the why's and how's of changing thought paterns...I have a pretty obsessive mind though (I have a meditation practice which has helped a huge amount) and I recently got pregnant so I think my mind has turned to the constant chatter of being pregnant vs the constant chatter of being not-drunk.
It can take some time. I think everyone is a bit different in terms of urges. But the general theme is it gets easier with time. 
I thought about alcohol in one way or another (when how much when to quit etc) pretty much all the time I was awake.   Not sure when it happened but those thoughts are are all gone now. It takes time. 
