-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/372bvf/day_2_physical_recovery/

Hey all. Wanted to do a quick check in to start my new theme of more proactive recovery (and it'll be nice not to have a relapse post in my history again haha). ..I'd say the theme of today was physical recovery. I got up after about twelve hours of sleep which was wondrous. Sleep is amazing. Like I marvel at how much sleep does for us. I didn't eat till four or so which meant I went almost fifty hours without almost any (half a coffee cake) solid food. That's crazy. Another reaffirmation of how big a disease alcohol is. I had a burger and was shaking. I felt good though overall. I spent the day appreciating not being nauseous cold and curled up on my bed. It was a great day to be out and appreciative too :) ..I also went to a meeting. I felt OK but cravings aren't the only time to go (I'm teaching myself!). It was a good meeting a bit different than my other one and ironically a half block from where I ended my last relapse (didn't realize this till I got there and then had a good chuckle).  I'm excited for tomorrow's meeting. It's the agnostic meeting I really liked. ..I walked around a lot today and after I recovered from my burger ate a ton more. It's a gift to be able to eat. In my old country we say of people that are facing serious illness - we don't worry while they have an appetite. Drinking killed my appetite for two days! It's also great to be able to appreciate simple things like eating... I hope I don't get an occasion to appreciate it any time soon though :) (but that I don't forget as well) ..I watched some movies with a friend and had more fun than I remember having in a really long time. That was a great way to mark my day. I used to be crazy about movies. Right around the time I started drinking that stopped. It was a nice throwback to a different time. ..Take care sobernauts. Much love.
----------immediate responses--------

Love ya back!  Thanks for the post.
I second that about sleep. It's the best thing! Restorative :)..I was in the same situation this time last week. It's been a tough week with lots of decisions &amp; realisations to be made. I'm thankful to be sober this weekend it's infinitely better than being a drunken anxious shaking mess of a man...Keep coming back!
Sober sleep is the best though I remember having to get through a sweaty restless hump in the first week. I find fuelling my body each day is important breakfast light lunch dinner. ..&gt;I felt OK but cravings aren't the only time to go (I'm teaching myself!)...Absolutely recovery and doing things to plan I find are best done regularly not just in crisis. This supports me helps keep me more stable and makes these activities easier in times of struggle.
