-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/374uce/day_3_bear_hates_alcohol_plans/

I hate alcohol is the theme of today. I spent a few hours wrestling with anger today. It's still around but subsided. I don't know how much my limited sleep has to do with (I made myself get up earlier to start my schedule back up) but today I was angry maybe more frustrated and had a headache. Nothing really happened - I actually had a seemingly nice morning with coffee and reading and then a later brunch with a friend. ..The anger and frustration focused itself on alcohol. I wasn't tempted to drink quite the opposite. I wanted to obliterate every trace of the concept from my life and history. I didn't want to drink. I didn't want to go to AA. I actually didn't mind the concept of this subreddit but otherwise I just wanted to forget alcohol exists and move on. ..So I went to a meeting. It was fine. Good people. Great speaker who affirmed the notion of accepting responsibility. I didn't mind it but I was largely sitting there just angry at myself for being there. ..Afterwards I decided I needed to make a baseline plan because otherwise I may drive myself crazy thinking about alcohol and alcoholism and all the shit that's involved. I've decided to try for three meetings a week. Sunday Thursday and Friday. Sunday because I like this meeting and it's very convenient.  Thursday and Friday because they is when 9/10 of my drinking and relapsing occurred. I'll keep this up for the indefinet future because I want to try something different until I find something more effective on those dangerous days. I'll make sure to address any out of band temptations by posting here and adding more meetings. ..While writing this my friend messaged me he was hungover. That made me angry again but I took a deep breath (angry because... DAMN IT ALCOHOL GO FUCK YOURSELF...). I particularly hate this because I'm such a calm person otherwise. I really hate this emotion. ..Thank you and love all around...Edit: day isn't quite over but wanted to post. For the rest of the day I'm planning first staring at some water and calming down and the  seeing if I can go grab a movie. If not I'll watch some flix on the net :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh God.... Flix net... Netflix. DUH! I never put that together before  ..I can relate to this post. Not so much with the anger but I seriously thought about alcohol so much when I first started this journey and now all I think about is AA. I'm hoping in time this will all seem second nature to me and I won't have to think about it all the time. Good luck bear.
My dearest bear friend!..I wanna post because I totally relate with the anger.  I am so angry at alcohol.  Which is weird I am usually not an angry person either.  It all seems to come out of nowhere but it's intense.  Little tiny things set me off and I get so mad and frustrated.  The beer of my roommate that made it into the fridge. ANGRY. Memories of me doing drunk things. ANGRY. My boyfriend being hung over. ANGRY...but then I cuddle some cats and it's all good. but also:..&gt;Thursday and Friday because they is when 9/10 of my drinking and relapsing occurred...That is so sensible and awesome.  I need a plan like that because it makes perfect sense and I hadn't thought of it much before.  I've just been getting angry when I use to be drinking.....Thanks for sharing!  Enjoy your movies! 
It sounds like you have a very solid plan! There's also a real time chat on the R side of the page if you need really swift feedback.
