-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/376eaa/1_year/

I am really glad I hit the one year mark. I had planned to relapse but I chose not-drinking over drinking. I really feel like a non-drinker now. I am not sure what to say to you all. I have to thank everyone here at the r/stopdrinking forum. You were all very important in helping me make the right decision and stay on course.  ....For the people just starting out on day 1 week 1 month 1 and the troublesome 100 day area; I want to say I really think you will be happy if you hang in there and get a year sober. Tell yourself that it is possible. Believe in yourself. Do what you got to do to stay sober.  ....I had a terrible day last nite. Worst all year. Life really came and tried its hardest to crush me. I have be honest I really was down for the count. Days like this are always my most helpful days even though they are very painful and sad. Gives me perspective. When everything is going great I forget the reason why they are great. When life takes from me I look inside myself for that spirit shining so bright inside me and remember nothing can take that away. I cry sadness for my loss and cry for happiness that inside I still shining brighter than a star.  ....No matter what happens nothing is going to take my non-drinking status away. I threw it into that shining light inside me to fuel it to burn even brighter than before. If I lose everything I still have the most important thing left.  ....Keep that light burning inside you brightly. If you can't find it dig deeper inside and you will. Fuel it. You will need it on your darkest days.  ....Thanks everybody. Love you all. Good luck!
----------immediate responses--------

A very hearty congratulations on reaching the 1-year mark!..&gt;Days like this are always my most helpful days even though they are very painful and sad. Gives me perspective. When everything is going great I forget the reason why they are great. When life takes from me I look inside myself for that spirit shining so bright inside me and remember nothing can take that away...You've got a great perspective--I couldn't agree more. All the work I do on myself is for that very few number of bad days when I need my "training" to work. I think I could probably go it alone for around 97% (the number has changed over the years) of the various types of day I encounter in life. The problem was always that I had no defense for those really tough days. I would get several months in a row of non-bad days so I'd stop working my sobriety plan thinking the problem was behind me. Then I'd have a bad day and drink. That's just one way that alcoholism is cunning baffling and powerful. That's what I work my program for--so I'm in the right habits especially for those occasional tough days...May your inside light continue to burn brightly every day!
Congratulations on 365 days!..&gt;I had planned to relapse..I'm so glad to hear that plan changed!..Sorry to hear you had a tough time last night you can get through it that inner light is always there.
Congrats! I remember your unusual method of quitting and I'm really glad to hear you've chosen to continue the not-drinking. :)
Congratulatoins!
This is a lovely post really inspirational. Massive congratulations on one year! I'm going to keep my light burning bright no matter what! Thanks for sharing :)
Congrats on 1 year!!
Congratulations and thank you for a very inspiring post!
Look at your shining happy star!! Congratulations!!
Congrats DD!  365 days under our belt. I'm sorry you had a bad day yesterday  I hope today is better.  I just raised my cup of coffee in celebration of your one year sober!  I look forward to doing it again 5/25/2016. Happy sober Monday :) 
&gt;For the people just starting out on day 1 week 1 month 1 and the troublesome 100 day area; I want to say I really think you will be happy if you hang in there and get a year sober...It's true! A friend of mine talks about how he wishes where was a 'sobriety bank' where he could lend you a year of his sober time just so a new person could experience that feeling and freedom...Sorry to hear about the bad night but it sounds like by all accounts you're doing great. Staying sober we can get through anything and you've shown that's true!..&gt;Keep that light burning inside you brightly...That's a great way to describe what we do here. It's dim and flickering at first but with some daily maintenance it can grow into a big roaring fire that makes it all worthwhile...Congrats and enjoy today - you earned it!
Woop Woop! Glad you stayed strong. I've been waiting to read your 1-year :) ..&gt; When life takes from me I look inside myself for that spirit shining so bright inside me and remember nothing can take that away...I need to never forget this. ..Keep on rockin!.
Congratulations!!!!!
Congratulations on 1 year!..&gt; I look inside myself for that spirit shining so bright inside me and remember nothing can take that away..I'm glad I've found that spirit and will remember to keep it fueled.
Congratulations!!!
Congratulations!!!! Recently had my one year too! WHOOHOO!!
Congrats!
