-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/376q9x/i_relapsed/

I was so proud of my sober days and i've been on a bender for a week straight. I was such a better person.  Why did I let this happen?
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear that glad you've found your way back here. What are you going to do about it?
People break. It happens. The good news is that you have the strength to see your downfalls and learn from them...Go back to the beginning of your week long bender. Figure out what it was that pushed back on the bottle. What happened?..Once you figure out what event caused your relapse establish a plan to either prevent that event or a plan to handle what caused the event before it gets bad enough to cause a relapse...I know what you are going through is difficult. I've been in your shoes. Feel free to PM me if you need any advice or don't up to you.  Just know that there is always someone out there who can help you even it's just some guy on reddit.
Try not to get too down about it. Learn from it. Dust yourself off and try again. You still have all that sober time behind you &amp; you can do better this time.
Not beating yourself up is essential to your recovery...A new sense of caution a determination to do what needs be done good but it's important not to let the darkness into your self esteem.
Don't get too down on yourself. Relapses happen and I'm pretty sure it's a prerequisite to getting to truly know yourself...How were you approaching sobriety last time and what are you going to do this time that's different?
This disease is cunning baffling and powerful. ..My method of living a life of recovery:.1. Willingness to put aside my willfulness .2. Open to alternative thoughts and ideas.3. Fellowship with those living a life in recovery that I want to emulate .4. Got a sponsor and call my sponsor daily.5. Work on increasing my spirituality through meditation and prayer.6. 1:1 therapy.7. Created a routine that I never deviate from if I can help it: daily readings gratitude a meditation and prayer.8. If I feel like drinking I remember what a shit show my life was.9. Focus on who I am supposed to be and how alcohol prohibits me from achieving that which I am put on the earth to do.10. Service to others
Just back from a several month long bender (after my max ever sober time of 5 weeks). I was in the pits of hell yesterday battling my demons while sweating my soul out of my body in bed. Today is a new day though. Let's do this together.
I'm sorry friend. What were the events/circumstances that led up to this? ..Glad you're back. :) 
Welcome back! Don't get too down on yourself just get back up on that wagon :) ..I'm dealing with a string of these I'd just say to be very vigilant; it was my experience that chaining on relapses becomes very easy after the first and I wish I hadn't just tried to continue in like it hadn't happen (ended up relapsing about 5 times). I'm trying to be very methodical and vigilant now until I get at least a month and my mind feels in a healthier place. 
Learn from your relapse and move forward. Be strong! 
It happens man. Before I decided to sober up I had tried it about 3-4 different times and every time I relapsed. ..Currently my mission is to stop drinking for as long as I need to in order for me to have a control over my drinking instead of the other way around. I want to know for a fact that when I say "I think I'll have A beer" that it indeed means one beer instead of finishing off the whole six pack. ..One thing that is working for me right now is telling myself that I don't need to drink rather than I can't drink. 
