-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37h8m2/can_a_recovering_alcoholic_hang_out_at_bars_sober/

I'm asking in reference to my boyfriend (23).  He's been an alcoholic for a couple years drinking most days out of the week if not all.  I quit drinking with him in December but from January to February I found out he was lying to me and drinking again.  He quit again after I found out and for the most part I believe him.  However here's the problem:  he wants to continue hanging out at bars to drink NA beers.  We tried this the first time and it worked until January.  He told me he doesn't want to hang out at them again after I found out.  Gradually he's gone out to see friends there.  He's stopped by my house afterwards a couple times to do a breath check.  What bothers me is this is the same pattern as before.  He'd say he wouldn't touch alcohol again then eventually he'd have a beer here and there saying it's no big deal then back to drinking...I'm so depressed about this.  I don't want to be controlling.  Last time I got upset about him wanting to hang out at the bar he said "fine I'll live in my fucking room then."  I hate this.  ..Is it possible for him to still go out and socialize without drinking?  Or do you recognize this behavior and believe it'll end up with him relapsing?  
----------immediate responses--------

Some can seems most can't. I didn't go to bars much after college so it's not really something I had to walk away from. When I am at bars now there usually a purpose beyond just being at a bar on a Tuesday. A band is playing someone from out of town is around etc. 
It's a terrible idea.  He has already shown you that it won't work.  I was married to an alcoholic and I know first hand what you are going through. 
Like coffee_breakfast said some can but most can't. This is why most people on SD consider going to a bar almost taboo. It's very difficult to do for most people and even if it's manageable it's a high risk low reward type of situation...I do dislike the notion that it can't be done though. I myself frequent bars and places with liquor and don't feel close to relapsing 9 out of 10 times. The thing is I know my triggers. I've identified it and as result know what to look out for. I'm not saying I have some unheard of kind of willpower it's just that I know what affects me and I know how to deal with it...Your boyfriend doesn't seem to be in that situation. I don't drink non-alcoholic beers. I don't see a point. Now when you mix that in with going to high trigger environments it seems like he's just begging for an excuse to relapse. Also the fact that he's already relapsed is just another warning...Overall I don't advocate anyone going to a bar. If you stay at the pool long enough you're going to get wet. The only reason I've stayed dry IMO is because I'm fairly certain I'll end up killing myself if I don't. Alcohol had it's grip on me firmly and now I'm free of it. I'm also slightly ashamed of all the time I've wasted but equally proud of what I've accomplished since...I would still insist that alcoholics avoid bars and settings with alcohol in them.
If you hang around a barber shop long enough you'll eventually get a haircut.
I personally can't. Sometimes I can't even go to family functions where there will be a lot of drinking. As far as the question you did not ask which is how his drinking is affecting you and you don't want to be controlling you can't control his drinking. Is it possible that the issue is not really the bar itself but how his drinking and lying affects you? Because today it's a bar tomorrow it's a lounge the next day too many trips to the grocery store. You find out get upset and he wants to change. If it gets to the point where it affects you very much codependency issues crop up because of worrying if he's sober or how long he'll stay that way. With my own family all I did was hide the extent of my drinking from them and continue drinking because I couldn't quit. When I quit the bars I switched to something else and the drinking continued just in another venue. 
If you aren't married then consider moving on to greener pastures and let things work themselves out without your involvement
Speaking as an alcoholic a husband a father to a daughter and a brother to sisters...........you are not going to change him.  Only he can change himself and it doesn't sound like he wants to.  Before you waste too much of your life going down this path have you thought about just moving on and leaving him in your past????
Without knowing either of you it sounds like your boyfriend is not really interested in quitting and I think you should consider talking to some other partners of alcoholics like in Al-Anon (/r/alanon here on Reddit). I would not personally like having to administer breath checks to make sure my partner wasn't lying to me. 
[deleted]
I think that most genuinely sober people don't *want* to hang out in bars regularly. People who are in early recovery most definitely should not. Even people who work in bars get the hell out as soon as their shift is over. ..But since this is a question about your boyfriend's behavior and not your own I suggest checking out /r/alanon Alanon meetings/materials etc. You can't control what he does and you definitely shouldn't let it influence your own behavior. A therapist or counsellor might be able to help you figure out how to navigate this relationship in light of your own sobriety. Good luck!
I *can*. I don't *want* to.
I do sometimes but it's never all that fun. I don't go to bars all that frequently - only if there's someone I want to see - but it's not because I can't handle the temptation more that I don't have all that much fun. He sounds like he's not ready to change. And vaping is a lame hobby 
You have two choices: find a way to be okay with him drinking or move on. Seeing as he's not really interested in quitting drinking....
Generally no and it sounds like he's proven he can't. ..What strikes me as odd and sad is I feel like you're putting more effort into his sobriety than he is :( I wish you the best of luck. 
100% depends on the person. I didn't go to the for first two weeks of my sobriety. Since then I probably go once every other weekend on average. Usually for a special occasion like a birthday or to watch a big sporting event (Go Rangers!!). I've never felt the urge to drink. I was always more of a once I start I ain't stopping until I pass out or run out type drunk rather than a daily fix. Not sure if that's relevant. Just want to say that it's certainly possible depending on the person. But you have to still be vigilant and committed to your sobriety. I know that drinking one beer would reopen the can of worms I worked so hard to seal and being in the presence of alcohol isn't going to shake that commitment. Others will say this is foolhardy but it's worked without problem so far. Also helps immensely to have someone who is supportive of your sobriety with you and to be with people who respect your decisions. ..As for your boyfriend it doesn't seem like his sobriety is a big commitment. The pattern is worrisome. Going to a bar is fine but you need to be 100% rock solid or else it's not going to work out. I'm the same age as your boyfriend and take this as grain of salt Internet advice but I don't think it's very likely your boyfriend remains sober for any significant period of time continuing the conduct you've described. ..
