-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37j80z/checking_in_at_58_days_feels_like_ive_been_sober/

First off shout out to /r/stopdrinking! What a beautiful thing it is in this day and age to have a support system on the internet with such a strong community. I'm so grateful you all are here and I wish I could contribute more to this sub by reading/liking/responding to more posts...This is the longest I've personally ever been sober and I'm super excited to get two months under my belt! I'm nowhere close to relapsing or even thinking about it however I do wander into thoughts of getting a girlfriend which I've tried to stay away from until I have at least one year for personal reasons. ..I'm working a lot and am mid-way through my 5th step with my sponsor (what a rough step) but one difference I've had with it is that before I started step 5 I couldn't picture myself sponsoring other people. Now I can really picture the sort of sponsor I would be and actually look forward to it. ..I'm keeping in regular contact with lots of old friends and relatives that I used to never talk to when I was drinking and genuinely want to know how their lives have been! It's kind of awesome that I have so many fans behind me in my life people seem to really like me sober and I do too! ..I think that's enough about me though tell me how you are all doing! ..-jakroois
----------immediate responses--------

Easy does it sounds like it's working for you.  One day at a time and just don't pick up the first drink.  Everything else just falls into place when you don't get ahead of yourself.  At least that's what worked for me.  
Hi jakroois! Sounds like you're in a good place and working a program that is right for you. That's awesome my sober friend. It was nice to read an update. :)
Awesome work! I'll never catch you!
Nice!  Well done!  I'm on pretty much the same number of days as you - just got my 60 day badge!  Keep it up you're doing great!
Hello my sober twin.  Keep up the quality work!
Yay for you jakroois! Lots of positives here keep 'em rollin in! So pleased for you! Be excited very excited :)
I'm excited to hear you are working on your 5th step. It's hard and scary but doing it is the very definition of courage.
