-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37mpcj/thursday_cravings/

It's Thursday afternoon and I'm facing thoughts of drinking tonight. ..Brain:."It's a beautiful day! You've had a decently productive week! Most of your friends drink! Go out! You're young! You'll be done by midnight this time. Maybe just get some whiskey and sip while we jam? You're not an alcoholic! I mean come on you loooovvveee alcohol. Look at all these memories! Don't you want them again? You've only been going overboard because your dad died you're in a much better place now!"..I'm finding it really hard to resist not planning something in my head. I just stepped away to post hoping it would help take my mind off. The thought of going to a meeting makes me so sad right now I don't know why... Like they're both a waste of time so I may as well do the thing everyone does. ..Love...Edit: I've tried to read my previous relapse posts and it's helped a bit but damn am I trying hard to convince myself that won't happen again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Quitting was hard for me especially when I was ambivalent about it.  One the one hand I wanted to stop but on the other hand I did not.  You seem to be in a similar place given you posted [this three days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/374uce/day_3_bear_hates_alcohol_plans/) and today you "loooovvveee" it...I was not able to quit until I made a decision to quit and not let those ambivalent thoughts in.  I had to change my perception of alcohol and come to realize and accept that it provides me with no benefits whatsoever.  It was a lot of work...I am so grateful those nonstop internal negotiations have ended over time.
You mentioned in your post that Giasone_3 linked to that you were planning on going to meetings Thursdays and Fridays beacause those are the days when you relapse. I know my days are Fridays and Saturdays and I'm going to have to fight the relapse because relapsing never actually ends up going well no matter how much I tell myself that it will and that I deserve it for X days of sobriety. How about going to a meeting before you decide?
&gt;  I trying hard to convince myself that won't happen again...Yep. That's how it was for me for a decade. I was always "trying harder" or "really meaning it this time" and then hoping and praying that it would be enough.  It never was enough.  Action was required...Let's look at the basics here.  If you are always at least 10 feet away from alcohol you will never drink again.  I'm not just being a smart ass here this is a truth.  For me to drink I needed 1) access to alcohol 2) a means by which to procure that alcohol 3) a place to consume that alcohol. If I didn't have any one of those three things I *couldn't* drink.  This isn't a very good long-term plan but early on I found that taking those elements away from myself helped a lot.  It allowed me to take action instead of just hoping and praying.  ..For me the first few months were just keeping myself busy.   Which again is a really shitty long term plan but doing it early on allowed me to get enough distance between alcohol &amp; myself that I was then able to shift to a better plan.  I was unable to think clearly about alcohol while still feeling the pull of alcohol...The thoughts running through your head are common.  It's important to realize that just because you want to drink doesn't mean you *have to* drink.  Every day you don't do all kinds of things you want to do.  Maybe you're out bearin' and you spy an attractive lady or man bear (depending on your preference) with a keyboard. And you think gee whiz I'd sure love to buy that other bear an ice cream sundae. We  sure could make some beautiful music together.  Yet you don't do it even though you want to.  Wallet in pocket you restrain yourself from making ill advised sundae purchases. Want does not equal need...If I were having thoughts like you're having now I'll tattle on myself which is what you're doing here.  (Great job.)  I'd also (in theory) tell someone in my real life about it to keep myself honest.  And I'd plan something right now that didn't include drinking at all.  I would have probably gone out on a long bike ride.  I'd have ridden as far as I could away from my house until I was exhausted or just freakin sick of it.  Then I'd turn around and ride back.  ..Another day down and another day closer to getting myself to a place where my brain worked well enough that I could tackle some of this stuff in a less mechanical fashion...You want to drink.  That's nothing new.  The new thing you can do today is not act on that want.  You'll need a plan to make that come to fruition.  You can do it. You've got a guitar for godssake. You're smarter than the average bear.
&gt;Look at all these memories!..This is the biggest lie I tell myself.  ..The truth is I can't recapture the magic.  I've tried.  I've tried so many times to "just have one more awesome night."  Invariably what happens is that I get drunk by myself do nothing I planned am hungover the next day and most importantly *I get that mental obsession about alcohol again.*  No matter how busy I try to stay I am discontented with whatever it is I'm doing because I'm craving alcohol...Once those initial cravings are gone it's much easier to keep them at bay than it is to fight your way up from the bottom again.  And the only way to get through those initial cravings is to not drink...Keep posting.  Don't lie to yourself.  I won't lie to myself either...Take care :)
