-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37nl7b/60_days_is_a_beast_but_staying_strong/

I've made it 60 days without a drink. ..One thing I've noticed since being on this sub is that 60 days while an accomplishment is not a particularly fun spot. When I last checked in around 30 days I was feeling a guilt/shame/anxiety flare-up but around 45 days I was feeling fine again. I coasted through 50 but I knew I was likely to have a tough time around 60. So thank you SD for helping me bring the mental fortitude to day 55+ when I sure enough started feeling like shit. ..I had the guilt and shame but also a sense of grief for drinking. I wouldn't call it a craving. I was at a really great restaurant with my spouse and our besties and they were all having this allegedly famously-great beer. I looked at the beer in its pretty bottles and I wanted it. But the idea of drinking just a sip of that beer was scarier than the idea of never drinking again for as long as I live so I stayed alcohol-free that day. And I felt super-powerful but also some grief. It hurt but glad I felt grief because grief means something's happened and there's no going back. I'd rather grieve every day than feel any more regret. I have enough regret. ..Coincidentally I also took my first alcohol-free vacation on days 55-59. I wouldn't have made it if I hadn't known the 60-day struggle was coming. Ultimately I was a little funky but had a good time with no hangovers. ..You guys rule. 
----------immediate responses--------

I remember those first days and all the up and down action.  Emotions were flying around and I never knew how I would feel.  I found it did eventually level off and my body began to recover from the poison I had been pouring down my throat.  The important thing is it kept getting incrementally better and over time I realized that I wasn't as jumpy and didn't have the highs and lows as much.  Hang in there; it's not easy but it's doable.  I was very physically addicted but managed to get through it with help from others. One day at a time.   
You rule. Congrats on 60 days. I know for the first 4-5 months I had big swings between good days and bad days...sometimes I would experience every emotion possible in what felt like 15 minutes. ..These days are making you stronger keep up the amazing work!.
I think 60 days was around when it really hit me that this was a serious change in my life. Once the vigor and "high" of quitting started to wear off I had to start cleanup...It was a tough slog for me as I was incredibly depressed unfocused confused and tired. But looking back I am glad that I had the opportunity to start resolving some of the issues I had been carrying around forever. .
