-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37olg8/struggling_to_find_day_1/

So I know I have a problem. I know willpower isnt going to be enough I'm fortunate to be in the military and will be doing the self-referral SACO screening tomorrow. I bought the "Stop Drinking Now" book but havent sat down and read it yet. I'd like to know what helped you folks reach Day One. I keep telling myself that tomorrow or monday or someday will be Day One but it just never actually happens. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me I found my day one with the help of my therapist. Just sharing my concerns about my drinking opened my mind to the possibility of stopping. She never pushed but talked openly with me about what my life might look like without alcohol. That support finally led me to..OK today I won't drink...and it has continued from there. .
I started going to AA meetings. I had no intention to quit drinking and I continued to drink but I kept going to meetings. This is something you are allowed to do...I wasn't being sneaky or anything. I shared at meetings about how I couldn't stop and I couldn't find my Day 1. Everyone listened and supported me. I went to meetings for about 3 months pretty much daily before I'd gathered enough "evidence" that others could do it and so could I. When I did quit I was basically already working a program of recovery and this worked incredibly well for me. I haven't had a single craving or urge to drink since Day 1 (YMMV). I really recommend checking out a meeting even if you're not ready to quit.
I kept a journal of what I did every day in the little boxes on a monthly calendar.  It contained only how much I drank.  The numbers were frightening.  Like a human should not be able to drink 300ml of whiskey a bottle of wine and a 6 pack of beer every single night.  It also had annotations like "OW" for "ouch" as in I was in pain the next day.  Still it took a friend who got on the wagon first that spurred me to do the same.  Day one turned into day two and so on.
