-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37or7o/the_dash/

I remember going to an Easter service in 2008 where the message was about "the dash"--the little one between my birth date and what will be my death date on my tombstone. In that little dash is the life I have lived am living and will live. ..It's weird that now more than 7 years later that message has stuck with me. In those 7 years I've made friends fell in love graduated college received a professional license and did my best to drink it all away. All of it. The people money prestige and worst of all my own self-respect. I spent YEARS actively trying to destroy my dash. ..Today I am packing as much life into that little dash as possible. I can't ignore my past nor do I wish to but today I'll be damned if I don't try to squeeze another day of sobriety into that little dash. ..My mother came home recently with a new car and license plate. It reads: DAYONE. I asked what it meant; day one of what!? Today is Day One of the rest of my life. And I am so grateful that my Day One doesn't include alcohol or other mind-altering drugs. ..Somebody said at a meeting the other day after having a relapse that as long as his sobriety date isn't written on his tombstone he can still try. That statement from an old shaky man was what I needed. ..Today is Day One and dammit I'm going to live my dash. 
----------immediate responses--------

If SD has taught me anything it's that holders of your particular professional licence consistently take twice their share of dashes--like this.  Oh and /u/JimBeamsHusband too.  I once told him that only certain people used the double-dash and he was so offended that he presented me with several links proving his double-dash cred.  It's you guys &amp; JBH...Good post.
Cool post with a very deep insight--thanks!
This is amazing! I'm going to look after my dash and live it to it's fullest! Thank you so much for the perspective!
Thank you Thank you Thank you. ..
&gt; as long as his sobriety date isn't written on his tombstone he can still try...And that was what I needed today. Thanks.
