-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37qn0x/i_had_a_jif_peanut_butter_relapse/

I learned that peanut butter and moderation don't go hand in hand for me. I had three count em' THREE peanut butter sandwiches with white chocolate chips sprinkled on top last night around 1030. ..I know some may be laughing or smiling but I swear this was all too familiar behavior for me as it mirrors how I drank! (I didn't pass out though)..I've dropped 23 lbs in 111 days and I don't want to gain it back.Plus I'm now committed along with /u/learnedhand74 to running the Des Moines half marathon. I have to take care of my health and in typing this I am going to re-commit to mindful eating habits. ..#regret.. .
----------immediate responses--------

Chicken breast.  It's amazing what a spice rack can do :)..Good luck and have fun finishing the marathon btw :)
Oh no. Peanut butter is allowed when you're training hard at least that's how I saw it. I also rationalized it that a PB&amp;J is better than a big bowl of ice cream which is what I turned to the first time I stopped drinking (years ago). ..But 10:30 is the witching hour for PB&amp;J so I hear you. I tried substituting something else like a bowl of raisin bran or low fat granola at night when the desire for sweet food hit. Sometimes I get away with just a piece of fruit and a cup of tea. Then I feel virtuous...
Honestly training for a half marathon is a ton of work. Food is fuel!
[deleted]
:(  .&gt;**I had three count em' THREE**..I hate when that happens :(  
Yay! For the Des Moines Marathon! Are you from Iowa? I live in Des Moines.
Man I feel you. The struggle is real-- part of it is recognizing our triggers in any compulsive non-moderation behaviour. For me refined sugar at the office is just the same as booze. I won't keep refined sugar items in the house so that's not as big a deal but if they creep in here (gifts) my behaviour is IDENTICAL to alcohol. "I'm going to put this on the top shelf... out of sight out of mind right? Shit... there's totally candy on the top shelf. NO no there's candy up there! I should move that to the trash can... *eats three pieces in the two steps to the trashcan* Gone now it's in the trash where it can't do me any harm.... Well... I just changed the trash so it's not like there's GROSS STUFF in the trash. And the candy is wrapped...."
Thank you all for sharing your experiences. !!
Please add "trigger warning" next time bigndfan.  ..;)..Just kiddin.  ..I just got home from an "am I still injured?" run (answer = yes) and read your post which prompted me to eat peanut butter toast for lunch...Seriously though I relate to what you're saying.  I'm on day two of no added sugar and the cravings are crazy strong.  Having to urge surf through my afternoon chocolate craving is something I just can't share in real life because no one relates.  In the past when I've kicked sugar I've gotten "But you run so much you can *afford* to eat that cookie/bowl of ice cream/chocolate bar."..The fact is I feel my lizard addict brain go into high gear when I start stuffing the sugar in my face.  ..Let's fuel our running bodies with the good wholesome stuff they deserve it..
My brother and his wife are running the Des Moines Half. Good luck out there!
I had a rigorous diet of donuts especially maple bars when I quit. I gained 23 pounds and now have lost it all as well as lost drinking...YAY!..Whatever it takes!
