-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37snb5/first_30_days_today_was_the_hardest_day_of_them/

So exactly 30 days ago I began my sobriety. I voluntarily entered a treatment facility to take preventive maintenance from becoming an alcoholic. With the help of AA and an IOP treatment facility I managed to stay clean. Well today I graduated my treatment facility. I was no longer bound to weekly urinalysis and I was free to make my own decisions without repercussions with my work. This is the moment I realized that I hadn't done all of this to prevent becoming an alcoholic. I was one. ..I get home still pretty pumped about getting my coin and all that but then it sets in. I'm by myself and I really want a beer. I've never wanted to drink so bad in my life. Never. My body wanted it my mind couldn't stop thinking about it. I was pacing and had my phone in my hand with my AA buddies number already dialed. I give him a call and after 30 minutes of talking I still have the urge. I get in my car very very shamefully and drive myself over to my go to bar. The entire drive over was pure hell. I had already relapsed in my head and I felt so so bad about all the hard work people had done for me and I had done for myself and it all go to waste. ..I get there and they don't have my favorite beer nor my second but they do have my third favorite. I order it with this look of complete emptiness in my eyes. Bartender  gives it to me along with a cup. I pour it and it just reminds me of everything I had been through and was about to go back to. Did I want that? Of course not but I didn't feel like I had an option. I smell it and it reminds me of my past. The bartender comes over and I explain to her my situation. She pulls the glass back. She tells me I don't have to drink this to stay sober. I stare at it for a few minutes with such grief and I decide to walk out of the bar. ..The drive back was one of the most gratifying experiences I've ever had in my life. I then knew that my desire to stop drinking was greater than my desire to drink. I attended an AA meeting and it was the best meeting I've been to thus far. It felt as if they had just accepted me for the first time. It sparked a discussion about everyone else's first 30 days. Anyways I'm just so grateful to be sober and alive. If you read this Great Wall of Text I greatly appreciate it and hope you have a blessed day. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so glad you didn't drink. Welcome back. Now stick around friend. :)
Wonderful! I am very happy you remained strong. 
Tears in my eyes. I'm so happy for you congratuulations!
[deleted]
Congratulations! I had a moment like that where I obsessed all day and then just stood looking at the beer in the fridge at the store right after an AA meeting. But then I was like nah I'm good. Glad you pulled through too!
Close call. Wow. Great job. Cool bar tender too.
Good on the bartender for not trying to get you hooked again. ..Good on you for walking away.
Good for you making it through such a challenging test!  Now you have that in your arsenal for anytime you get a craving - you know you'll fight it to the bitter end.
Awesome I'm proud of you! I relapsed at 33 days and wish I would have stopped where you did. I felt all the same emotions and boy getting that white chip again hurt something awful. Keep it up!
