-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/37u8ge/really_need_and_would_appreciate_thoughts_on_a/

Background: I did horrendously at university the first time round because I got super depressed for several years and I hadn't really felt like I had started to recover until the last few weeks. My drinking started the end of the first year away from uni I was working shit jobs did not like myself was struggling in my relationship. I moved home and was working a better job but still drinking increasingly heavily until a few weeks ago when I quit because of the depression and anxiety. I haven't felt normal until this go round getting sober and I think it's going to stick because it doesn't feel like any other period of feeling alright or not drinking. ..At home now I have only a couple of friends I actually see and the one I would talk to about my issues I very rarely see because he's got kids. Most of my support comes from my friends who live far away who I normally talk to via phone and internet. My family are aware of my mental health and drinking issues but we aren't really a talky sort of family although occasionally we have somewhat difficult heart to hearts. My sister is probably the one I could speak most easily with and she lives far away too. ..Basically for the past year or so I've been planning to start a course 300 miles from home. There are a couple of people I know (although wouldn't call friends necessarily) in the area but I would need to make some new friends through AA work and in time my course (which shouldn't be too hard since the college organises events and a lot of people move to the area to study so would all be in the same friend-needing boat). ..Now my sobriety is obviously still in early days but by the time the course starts again I will (not could or should because damn it I am not failing again) be over 100 days sober. My mood has not been this good in years. I'm sober and taking my medication properly and exercising almost every day. I feel like I have the best chance I've had in a very long time to make something of my life. ..My concern is that moving and going into a new job and course are stressful things. I think that doing everything at once is putting an unnecessarily large burden on myself. My plan therefore is to move in the next few weeks to the area and find work maybe just part time work for a while so as to not be overwhelming myself and to settle in to life in a new place meet a few new people (which I would also be doing primarily through AA at the beginning - I've checked out where and when the local meetings are - so immediately I would be setting up a sober network in the area). Then assuming everything goes well I would move onto full time work and then my course in September. I have four months before the course starts. ..The area I'm moving to is somewhere I've been on holiday many times. I love it. I've never felt so at home and at peace as when I am there. The people the landscape everything there is wonderful. It's by the sea so I could get into surfing properly - which I've wanted since the first time I rode a wave. Plus there are just tons of healthy outdoor activities to do so plenty of opportunities for exercise and fresh air and being soberly social as there is a huge culture around doing these things...OK I've outlined a lot of positives some negatives and concerns plus some of my plans to get myself set up in a way that supports my sobriety and avoiding depression. Please poke holes in all of that or make suggestions for improvements. ..If you've read all this thank you..
----------immediate responses--------

I think you have a good plan in place. Your concerns are valid too but your awareness of the potential stresses in my opinion is more than half the battle. Just being aware and present and living in the moment and deciding to not drink today is such a huge help for my sobriety especially in stressful situations..&gt;I've checked out where and when the local meetings are - so immediately I would be setting up a sober network in the area..Especially this :) Hopefully you can hit up a meeting fairly quickly upon arrival and let them know you are new to the area...Good luck to you! 
Sounds like a good solid plan to me. I have found that my resolve to not drink today will follow wherever I go..I have tried early in my drinking days I moved specifically to get away from my " party" friends/life only to hook right back in at the new location. For myself to remain sober all the ACTIONS I must employ will follow me wherever I go or whatever situation I am in. 300 miles is not far and you already communicate remotely with your support network and have solid logical plans to hook right in to a healthy network when you get there.  Life doesn't slow down and go easy on me to make my sobriety easier. I feel from your post you have a great adventure waiting...GO FOR IT ! What really do you have to lose? If it doesn't work out for you then do something different otherwise you will always wonder..... I hear so much positive in your plans...all conducive to staying sober...GOOD LUCK...your daily Buddha saying we can only think of what we ourselves do or don't do spoke to me today. 
What does your sponsor say? I'd give their opinion a lot of weight. General consensus in AA is one year no big changes. No moves no relationship change no job change... But if you have reasons to go that will outweigh the stress it could be a good idea...My reaction would be to say you shouldn't move. I'm sure you can defer the course one year. *The things I wanted my first week of sobriety are not what I want right now.* Thinking about the future and making plans for it when I am in the middle of trying to save my ass clawing my way to a lifeboat only serves to painfully remind me I am in no position to worry about plans yet! Thinking of the tasks ahead has been my single challenge to staying sober. I MAY want to go to law school. I spent a few happy days realizing this was an option! I could really do it now! I started making a list of places to apply with application deadlines LSAT test dates. One phone call from a collection agent reminding me of the debt I've built up that absolutely prevents me going back to school DESTROYED me for a week. One phone call. I made it out of bed to work and that's it. No meetings no step work just white-knuckle fear of taking a drink and not stopping. Somehow I didn't drink...I'm not trying to diminish your enthusiasm. But there is a reason we say one day at a time. If you work hard between now and then get through the steps in 90 days or so you may be ready to handle it.  But if you aren't (and the steps are not skipping through daisies if you are doing them thoroughly) *the risk is not worth the rush.*..We want to be instantly cured and move on with what we should have been doing instead of drinking. Its not possible if we truly want to fix the issues causing our drinking .not just gloss over them and leave them to fester under the surface while we charge on into the next "thing". This is what I am learning at almost 60 days that is a bit disappointing but true nonetheless...EDIT: I surf too and I saw your post about fins. Surfing has literally saved my life so I feel you there. That's a tough one. Good luck!
Sounds like a tough one and you are really weighing up the pros and cons of it. ..I have heard no big changes in the first year and people who have been more successful at this than me probably know better but I'd be reluctant to put my life on hold for a year.....Huge bias here because I'd love more than anything to start studying again but if I had the opportunity to get a new start and study something I was passionate about I'd strongly consider it. ..Best of luck with your big decision. 
