-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/38fbpc/being_tough_on_myself/

It's been 17 days now since I quit drinking. Per some of my other posts some of you may know that my husband and I decided to quit drinking "together." This of course is an illusion because the only thing I have control over is my own sobriety and it doesn't depend on his neither does his on mine etc. ..In my AA meetings when we go around and read the steps I always seem to be getting step 4 to make a fearless moral inventory of myself. And I've been doing just that taking a hard look at myself then sharing what I've learned in AA with my therapist with my husband. I'm trying to stay accountable so that I'm not tempted to rationalize my bad traits away. I've seen some patterns about my behavior that I hate that I never would've admitted three weeks ago that I never would've owned or apologized for. ..I won't go into too much detail because it may sound like a pity party but I left AA yesterday after baring a really really really ugly part of myself and all I wanted was a drink. This terrible voice came to me and said "You're just your mother walking around in new skin. You're a terrible wife and a terrible person. What's the point of getting you nice and sober? So you have to live with what a piece of shit you've been acting like without being able to run away?" ..My mom was the cause of my chaos growing up. Then I started to cause my own. But I stubbornly swore I'd never repeat "the cycle and treat others the way she treated me." I've really come to realize that I'm doing just that except it was easy to deny because her chaos wasn't booze-flavored and mine was. At the end of the day it's still the same chaos. And I've perpetuated it. I've created my worst nightmare...I'm looking in the mirror and I don't like what I see. And for the first time I can't do anything but look and stand in the waves of grief and regret and self-loathing that come with admitting these unflattering things about myself. I have to deal with being that uncomfortable. Because I didn't drink yesterday and I'm still sober and I can't run from it anymore. ..My husband relapsed last Friday. We have been getting bad news after bad news in other areas of our lives. I have stayed sober through all of this external stuff. What I'm really struggling with is the internal stuff. How can I balance that fearless moral inventory that I'm attempting with the inner critic who tells me that it's not worth trying to get better because that inventory is uncovering the fact that all my worst fears about myself are true? ..Has anyone else been here? Some wisdom would be really nice. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello! It's so weird I was just thinking about you and wondering how you were doing.  So this is the thing: doing a fearless moral inventory is step 4. You haven't done steps 1 to 3 yet (at least I don't think you have?). They're in that order for a reason. Steps 1 to 3 make you ready for step 4. I'm only on step 4 now myself! In ways it's good that you're starting to look at your past and your behavior but be really careful about doing it too much. You are not ready for that deep imtrospection yet! I need the guidance of my sponsor for that. Right now all you should be worried about it staying sober. And it sounds like you're doing a damn fine job of that by the way! But I suggest for now when negative thoughts arise try to replace them with gratitude for the positive steps you're making. You'll get to work on the less-than pleasant things soon enough.
Do you have a sponsor?  I agree with Ninjilla that the steps are in that order for a reason.  Even with step four the point is not to be hard on yourself so that you feel guilty but rather to cleanse yourself so you can move forward.  A good sponsor will help you get there when you are ready.
I'm delighted to see this update and all I'll add is that you already sound like you are on the right track; and you got awesome comments form /u/ninjilla and /u/humblesunshine.  Don't be a stranger you have a lot to offer to others who are not doing as well as you.  
