-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/38hlyw/i_considered_my_job_a_trigger_today_i_realized_i/

I work in a restaurant and I no longer like it. I kind of hate it. I've done this shit for 10 years now. I had culinary aspirations at one point but no more. I love cooking but I hate restaurant life and rather than ever trying  to get into a *good* kitchen I took whatever was available that paid alright and let me get by drinking on the job. A couple corporate chains a country club mom and pop shop now this hotel...The jobs have gotten worse and the kitchens have gotten dirtier. ..At one point a while ago I kind of reached the point where I didn't care if I lived or died and just decided to drink till I was fired at which point I'd try to drink myself to death or maybe work up the balls to put an end to it. ..Somehow something clicked and I realized that wasn't what I really wanted. I really wanted to be free from alcohol. Free from the shame and embarrassment and depression and feeling stuck. Sunday was my last drunk; started on Saturday and sometime Sunday night I'd had it. ..I haven't had a drink since then; Monday 6/1 is my sobriety date. And my job still sucks. I'm working 60 hours in the kitchen this week it's been busy we've lost two cooks and there are pretty much only two of us that can do every position...me being one of them. So I'm stressed as fuck most of the time at work. ..One of the cooks can't read English; he has to bring me *every* ticket and ask me questions about everything while I'm running my own station. One cook is a lazy old man who will sit on his ass and not lift a finger to help anyone. This job in particular may not be a trigger but work-related stress is definitely up there on the list...But tonight I learned something about this other cook something that made me feel guilty as all hell and realize something about myself. This cook is slow. He can't multitask. Ring in two clubs or two wraps and he has to make them one by one slowly. He moves slow as molasses. He'll go into the walk in and just look around aimlessly for a few seconds then slowly start looking for what he needs. Everything he does he does slowly...I have cussed that poor kid under my breath dozens of times and come awfully close to just screaming at him on line. I've joked about how slow he is to another cook and server and I've used him as an excuse to get drunk at work and after work. F*** him and f*** this job I'd think. Because it's stressful right? Dealing with all the issues of a busy kitchen is stressful let alone one that's short staffed and incompetent. ..One of the assistant managers lost her temper with him a few weeks back; she cut him meaning he could do his "outs" i.e. clean sweep scrub shit flip pans etc and go home. Two hours later he's still there. Finally she comes back and grabs a pen and starts asking him what he's done she checks it off and tells him to hurry up and get off the clock and is not very nice about it...He brought it up to me tonight and as we talked he told me there's a medical reason for that. ..What I asked? ..He's 21 and he's had 5 grand mal seizures since he was a child. He could have died numerous times. He has some sort of brain damage and has a hard time remembering things and processing information. He can't move any faster. When I see him looking slowly around in the cooler or dry storage seemingly lost it's because he really is. He's trying to do his job as best he can...My job is still stressful. I still get frustrated every day at work. But much like I struggle with the bottle everyone else is struggling with something. My selfishness ignorance and short temper isn't a good reason to drink myself to death...I'm grateful to be sober and to have whatever good health I have left after all my drinking and for the realization that everyone is struggling with something and I don't have to drink because of that.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you are finding a lot of important truths this week friend. Opening our eyes for the first time in a long time can be painful but it is so needed for true growth. If you keep sober you'll keep waking up each morning with your eyes open and with an open mind you can change these truths. Helping this person is a good start.  ..Glad to have you here. Grab a badge!  I look forward to hearing more from you sbrjim. I have a good feeling about the path you put yourself on June 1st. :-)
Oh man I'm in a shitty job too. One thing I see now is that I can't make change to the situation by drowning my anger. Can't find no answers in the bottom of a bottle just burying ourselves deeper in the shit. God I hope one day you and I will be satisfied. But for now it's one day at a time. 
If you were a dyed-in-the-wool asshole you'd not be capable of or interested in examining your attitudes and behavior like this.
Good on you.  You seem like a nice guy.  And now you can be grateful for being whole.  why not go to the sidebar and grab some flair?
Not a bad realization for half a week sober eh? Congratulations on finding the path.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank you for sharing and giving me a reminder to have patience and understanding today!
Hey man.  Fellow sober chef here - I can completely empathize with you.  I used my job as an excuse to drink for a long long time.  I've been cooking for about 13 or 14 years with a couple years of working as a sales rep mixed in there too (during which time I actually drank *more* aggressively believe it or not).  ..Also you have a pretty damn good attitude for someone only a few days in - hell you probably have a better attitude that I do after 9ish months.  That seems to bode well for your sobriety if you decide to stick with it.  If you ever need to bullshit about industry (or sobriety within the industry) related stuff feel free to PM me.  ..edit: I forgot to mention just how much better it physically feels to never be hungover and dehydrated in the kitchen - don't know how I did it for so long.  
You're not an asshole but you are going through some major emotional upheavals. My first few months were like being eaten by a shark (lots of thrashing back and forth). My emotional state was far from normal. Though it does get better going to meetings and talking with others (and helping others) allowed me to get out of my own head and get sober. Good luck out there! 
What an eye-opener. Congrats on your first couple days keep it up.
Your story is missing that part about apologizing to the poor guy...
In the immortal words of the tv show justified "If you meet an asshole you've met an asshole.  If by the end of the day you've met a lot of assholes odds are you are the asshole."..With that said I've know a lot of workers in the food biz that have drinking problems.  It's easy to go over to the bar after work and drink.  And it's a hard cycle to break.  Bartenders tend to have the same problem with smoking I've noticed.  ..You are not an asshole your sobering up and taking stock of things.  You didn't know he had a medical problem because he didn't ask.  The manager didn't ask either just laid into him.  If it is a chain restaurant that can come back and bite her in the ass for not being sensitive to his medical condition.  While he doesn't have to disclose he has an issue if something were to happen and he was fired he would have a case for regaining his job.  ..You are now aware and by the sounds a decent person you can help him out when he has problems.  Sobriety brings awareness not just about yourself but your fellow man around you.  With that you can work and strive to be a better person than you were.
