-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/38oq6o/checking_in_26_days_after_relapse_relapse_is/

Still sober and it's getting easier day by day...I'd strongly encourage anyone tempted to have even a single drink or night off of sobriety after a long period of sobriety to take any measures necessary to avoid it.  The past few weeks have been brutal as all of my old thought processes habits and cravings came flooding back to me. I was sober 451 days drank for a couple hours and found that I couldn't just pick up where I left off I was back to day 1. My alcoholic voice hasn't been this loud in over a year and is ready to pounce whenever I'm even remotely vulnerable. I have been in constant jeopardy of relapsing again since the 6th day after my last one. If it weren't for the support around me I'm certain I would be back to drinking daily by now...I will not drink today. I will work my plan and never doubt my decision to stop drinking. ..Edit: Thank you for the support everyone. This group has always been one of my best tools. TGIS(ober)F
----------immediate responses--------

Very good post. I will concur! I had 110 days and relapsed on New Years Eve (of all things) worked at moderation had a near blackout and re-visited the hangover world for about 2 months. Brutal hardly describes the aftermath. Now 77 days in on my second run all I can say is the second time around has been an extremely difficult challenge I can see how a relapse can take a persons soul and spiral you out of control for literally years and years before you ever make it back and chances are you may NOT!.So for all you SD'rs flirting with that first sip... think twice. I sure as hell am not drinking today! My best to all enjoy the open road!!!
And we will be here for you every step of the way.
I so hear you on this one /u/pitcher_plant. This is my fourth attempt the longest I had was 6 months and yes coming back is bloody hard. Those first few weeks hit me like a train. There is no going back no experiments no just the one no moderation no going back. I'm not attempting anymore I am doing...I'll join you in not having that first drink ever again.
I feel you on this. So. Much. Seriously thank you for sharing...It has taken me a full 100 days to work through some of this relapse negativity. But it really is just 1 day at a time and I believe that more than ever now. ..YOU can do this! Together TODAY WE won't drink. 
You know I have been looking for a long time for someone who comes back after a relapse and says it was loads of fun...I once described drinking like hitting myself in the forehead with a hammer. It feels really good when you stop. And I know that if I pick up the hammer and smack myself in the noggin my next statement will be "Yep. Still hurts."..Sorry you had to reset in order to confirm it but at least now you have dispensed with the notion that you can regain control even after well over a year of sobriety...Step One: I am powerless over alcohol AND I ALWAYS WILL BE.
Thanks for this. 
Oh man.  Thanks for the update.  There is some hard truth...You've helped me not drink today.  Thank you.
So many times on this sub I feel like someone else has taken a fall for me so I could learn from their regrets.  These posts are what help me the most.  Thanks Pitcher_plant.
Thank you for sharing your experience. I know you've helped a lot of people today with your honesty and vulnerability. We're all here supporting you and cheering you on!
THANK YOU for posting this.  a slip is often not a harmless happening to be mildly regretted the next day.  It can take you down a long long way.....keep doing and keep posting please  - also when beating yourself up is slowing you down in your recovery stop
Thank you for posting pitcher_plant. This is my first time at sobriety and I want it to be my last but I see people go out all the time and it would be naive to think I'm an exception. Thank you for coming back and sharing your hardship. It's going to keep me sober today.
[deleted]
I totally can relate. The last two days I have had a constant conversation in my head 'are your going to drink? No I'm not going to drink. What if...(rationalization). no I'm not going to drink' I'm just going through it hour by hour. 
I am not drinking today just returned from a business trip avoided alcohol and I am feeling good so I am not spoiling it.
&gt;  The past few weeks have been brutal as all of my old thought processes habits and cravings came flooding back to me. I was sober 451 days drank for a couple hours and found that I couldn't just pick up where I left off I was back to day 1...Yeah that's how it goes.  From the sidebar "Last 7 days: 123 new badges 179 badge resets."  The vast majority of people who relapse do not get sober again any time soon.  Great job on getting back to almost a month.  It really is quite rare...I'm confident that I could drink for a few hours and be able to get right back to not drinking the very next day.  But I'm sure that's what you thought too.  It's what everyone thinks.  I know better than to think I'm any different.  ..It's quite paradoxical really.  I'm not exaggerating when I say I'm confident I could do it.  But I also know that I can't.  I don't know how to explain it any better than that...Good post.  
Thanks for this.  I've made a hobby of relapsing the last 3-4 years and I'm kind of sick of it.  Time to find some new hobbies.
Thank you for this! Even today I was feeling tempted. Just one one before so I get on the bus to see my boyfriend. Just one  s one day check out. Day off from sobriety...thanks for your post...I gotta go call my sponsor...Yup it's not worth it. Maybe I didn't get done what I wanted to today. Maybe I wasn't the friendliest or most productive...but I'm getting through today. I feel very depressed unfriendly...I work with people around 15 years younger (I'm 35 they're 18-22) and everyone's so bouncy and happy and magical and I'm...not. And I don't know it is what it is. But I'm staying sober today. 
I know how you feel.  This is my 3rd time of not drinking and obviously the first 2 did not work.  .Yesterday I was having a really bad day and when I was leaving work I thought about drinking.  I made myself go to the gym instead and by the time I got home I felt better.  Still... I get it 100%. 
[deleted]
Thanks for the advice. Sometimes I wonder if I need a relapse to fully understand why I stopped drinking back then... :(
[deleted]
That sucks but I'm glad you made it back.
Thanks for confirming what I have feared.
Thank You I needed to read this today it started crossing my mind to "try" again...but deep down we / I know it's impossible to drink normally. 
I'll have two years in a few days (16th) and it still tosses around in my head every once in a while.. I often wonder what it's like then wonder if it's even worth it..   Thanks for posting this story. 
Thank you for posting this. The urge still hits me on special nights when everything is groovy and having a drink with everyone seems like it would be ok. At the chili cookoff... man a beer would taste good... all tickets for a ride to hell. ..Glad you are back OP. Thanks for doing the research and for taking one for the team. Please don't drink today and you'll be fine. Know that your honesty has kept many of us from drinking again. Probably saved a life or two.
Thanks for the update Pitcher. I'm so glad you are back! And doing it! You are stronger than you think keep it up and you will get back to that peace you had before. One day at a time.
You know I know lots of people who have relapsed since I got sober PP but yours has really affected me more than any other. Maybe because I was around when you got sober and really felt that you were on the beam and weren't anywhere close to the edge let alone falling. I know this isn't about me but I wanted you to know that I appreciate your candid and honest sharing about this new road you're on and how it feels under your feet.  If you should trip remember to reach out your hand before you fall okay?  Be well brother.  &lt;3
Thank you for your honesty pitcher. I've had a very shaky week and this is really going to help me more than you know. Stay strong my friend; so glad you are still here. 
Damn that's rough. Thanks for coming back. I just had the same thoughts a few weeks back and didn't act on them. I'm not saying I'm stronger it can still happen any day now. It shows how important vigilance is with this bugger and that I should probably get closer than further from my people. ..Find your way out of the cycle. If I understand what you're saying my will could get me past the shakes and the yellow foamy puke but only for 4 or 5 days. The second the booze actually was completely out without asking for help I was right back at it. I think it was because I felt like I could do it alone. Not sure exactly why I work that way I just know that I don't want to test it anymore. Relapse post mortems are the last thing I'd like to do...Thanks for being honest about your experience I appreciate it immensely. You're 26 days into 452+.
You have my support! We believe in you and know that you can succeed. One day at a time. You'll surpass the 451 in no time!
I think that was your final relapse because now you know what it feels like.  There is no going back.  
I've been lucky enough to not have relapse be part of my story. But I do have many beloved friends who did. Some of them died. Some of them had horrible things happen to them. A lot of of them came back. Relapses in my observation seem to get potentially worse and more damaging over time. I still have the gift of desperation/terror of relapsing and I don't think I ever want to lose it but things had to get really really bad for me to get there though. You don't have to hit an even lower bottom. It doesn't have to be part of your story again. Hats off to you for having the smarts to just get back in the saddle asap. Just gathering support checking in going to AA or however you choose to stay sober are all great ideas. Keep coming back. If you feel like you can't get through the day without a drink then just get through the next hour without a drink call a friend/sponsor or check in. Take whatever action you feel will steer you clear of drinking for the next hour. Make it as small and manageable as you need and be gentle on yourself. It truly comes down to just dealing with a day at a time. Hugs..
27 days pitcher_plant and committed to not drinking today that's awesome!..I am really greatful for you posting this I've avoided relapse so far and it certainly helps reinforce to me how vital it is to avoid as getting back on is clearly rough. My alcoholic voice has had enough to say over the years I'm not giving them back the microphone even for a while!
Thanks for sharing. Sorry that you are struggling and I hope it gets easier. But by sharing you have helped me and a lot of other people. ...It's my roommates birthday and we are having a party in our apartment. I got into an argument with my boyfriend today and there is tons of booze. Two years ago that would have been a great excuse to get drunk. I socialized and polished off a bag of Cheetos and now I'm snug in bed. I'll have a nice Saturday tomorrow and my housemates will be hungover. I am glad to be sticking to my decision not to drink no matter what. Thank you. 
Its these sort of posts that scare me into not having that first drink... Psychologically it must be extremely difficult to stop again even after a short binge... I think you are an absolute legend for coming back and starting your sober journey again with us all here. Thanks for sharing these posts are a huge help to me in my early days and I wish you all the very best. 
Thank you for sharing this.  I have days now where I lose my healthy fear of a drink and that is making me nervous. This is what I needed to hear today. 
Thank you that could be me!.
