-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/38t1nc/need_help_with_something/

My SO left his facebook up on my computer last night and I snooped the messages. We've been together for 2.5 years. He's been sober and "in recovery" the whole time and for the most part it's been an incredibly supportive easy zero-drama relationship. I love pretty much everything about it. And it was my first brush with "I want what you have" - and I credit it with kickstarting the idea of getting sober. ..Some background: After many attempts to get sober on my own I started AA two months ago. I had one nasty relapse 3 weeks ago that I hid from the SO. I came clean about it destroyed the trust and generally acted like a desperate junkie for a few days and then got sober. I have 21 days and I feel great. I realize how closely tied this fuckup is to the rest of this post so maybe be gentle when tying it all together. ..Anyway back to the topic at hand. Reading his messages feels like I definitely violated his privacy. But I also am finding it hard to regret it based on what I found. There was one convo with a close friend - which really hurt - where he described not knowing why he liked me anymore but feeling comfortable with me because I had money. In the same convo there he talked about going on a date with another guy. There's also a convo with said guy where he continues to pursue this date. As far as I can tell no actual infidelity has occurred...Three weeks ago I could not imagine losing my SO and to a large degree the fear of that drove my using. But even with a mere 21 days of sobriety under my belt I feel like I can handle being alone. I don't really want that but I am embarrassed and sad about what I read. ..So the question at hand really is if I read something I wasn't supposed to read because I violated his privacy do I even have ground to stand on? In my mind I can't pretend like I didn't see it so a) how to bring it up? and b) how to bring it up in a way that accepts responsibility for how my actions may have led him to this place?..OR - am I being too nice by directing this inward and should I give him a giant fuck you?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
So someone in recovery (your SO) got involved with someone not sober 2.5 years ago.  You got sober for 3 weeks snooped and found out this person in recovery (your SO) no longer knows why they were interested in you.  ..Is it possible (or probable) you are changing now that you are sober?  ..It is tough to give relationship advice to someone online so I'll keep it simple:..When we go looking for trouble we often find it.  When we snoop or listen in on conversations about us often we find things we wish we didn't hear.  ..If you've been attending AA you may have heard the saying Secrets keep you Sick.  ..If this relationship is important to you and worth saving maybe it is time to sit down for a big heart to heart.  If I was in your position I'd look it like this: You didn't hack his FB.  He left it open.  It was wrong to snoop but there are some things to clarify...so I'd spill the beans...and discuss what I saw.
Sorry you can't Un-see. I would not rationalize your violation and own up to your part. Secondly I would set boundaries and set up a 50/50 split on ALL expenses. If the relationship was important to me I would get into couples therapy. 
