-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/38wfli/sometimes_the_little_moments_catch_you_off_guard/

Good morning SD...I don't post a whole ton here but I had an experience last night that I thought would be worth sharing...I live in Atlanta and I'm a big Braves baseball fan. For the last 6 or 7 years I've attended at least 15 home games a year and just about everyone of them I left annihilated drunk. Sometimes we left early - maybe I had run out of money and needed more drinks so I pestered my friends until we left maybe I was causing a scene hell sometimes I left early while still sitting in my seat...I took my father to a game last night - it was a good game. The Pirates were in town and it was my first opportunity to see McCutchen play and he did not disappoint. (side note - Pirates are a great club and they play the game the right way really fun game to watch)..The game went to the bottom of the 9th in a 4/4 tie and on the very first pitch of the inning our struggling catcher Christian Bethancourt hit a walk off home run to win the game for us. It was great moment and I enjoyed every minute of it...Afterwords moving slowly to let the crowds get ahead of us we made our way down to the main level where my dad wanted to stop and take a leak. I told him I was gonna run down to the field and we split up. Soon I was standing looking out at the park watching the night crew clean up the field and the press mill about and make last minute television reports. I smelled the grass and looked out at the lights of that beautiful (soon to be abandoned) stadium. And there SD on field level 20 minutes after the game had ended I sat on a step I cried. Not big honking tears I wasn't willing to break down quite that far in public but I could feel it inside me. No these the tears that start off as "misty" but my eyes just couldn't contain them and they found their way down to my beard despite my best efforts at self-control...I cried because I don't remember the last time I saw a walk off home run because honestly I don't remember the ends of most every Braves game I've ever been to. As a season ticket holder many of those years its well over a hundred games...I cried because baseball held me back last summer even after I *knew* not just that I had to quit (I've always known that) but that I *would* quit. I just didn't know what baseball would be like without a beer. How could it be the same ol' pastime without beer? Would I still enjoy going to the park? Or is that something I would have to relegate to the past as well?..I cried because I loved every minute I remembered every play I was present and alive and I knew then that not only would my baseball outings be just as fun - they would be better in ways I couldn't have imagined...So instead of spending $150 on a hang-over and a poorly remembered binge (with a game as background) I spent $33 on a nice new Braves hat. My Bravos were kind enough to win for me last night so now its a lucky hat. I didn't ruin anyone's evening. I didn't make a scene. I didn't collapse while walking down those concrete steps (it's happened). I had one moment of thought about getting alcohol as I passed a beer stand and it didn't even register on the craving scale it was so quickly dismissed...Maybe this is just rambling and no one will find it meaningful but I'm crying this morning as I write this up and I just really wanted to share. Maybe it will help someone else...Love you guys you've done so much for me and I'm so grateful for every moment I get to live this new life I have.
----------immediate responses--------

This is an awesome post! Thank you so much for sharing. 
Hi fellow Atlantan! This is a great post and such a wonderful example of what alcohol can rob from us plus what sobriety gives us. Being present and really experiencing life is so amazing. I think you had a kind of zen cathartic moment where it all clicked! :)..(also thank you for reminding me that the Braves are playing. It's so much fun going and watching them play live)
I had nearly the exact same experience yesterday except at Nats park (sorry about Uggla).  I was always at the Red Porch (bar area in the park) watching from the outfield often times not even remembering anything after the 5th inning...Yesterday I stayed the entire game watched the Nats lose and stayed as long as I could in the bleachers just enjoying the field.  The experience was completely different than I had ever had one that was better than I could have ever imagined...I'm realizing more and more than alcohol doesn't just cloud judgment depress you etc.  It steals precious moments from you moments you never realize you could have had...I'm done letting that happen.  The next 24 hours has some great moments in store and I'm going to enjoy every one I can.
This post brought tears to my eyes. What a beautiful moment.
The gifts that we never knew were coming are the best. Plenty of things like that in my life opportunities to enjoy the little things that never even crossed my mind. Powerful stuff.
Beautiful. Thank you for sharing that.
 Baseball is a very special sport  and it's not to be ruined by some drunkard or booze hound  yet that is exactly what I did every time I went to Fenway Park.  Beer was around $10 a pop and yet I would pay it no matter what the price.  Now that we are sober we get a chance to feel you get a chance to enjoy what a game is really about.I remember leaving a game at Fenway park in the  Second inning because I was blitzed and angry  and I was annoyed with fans around me asking me stupid questions. But the truth was I was angry at myself I know respect for myself and I was just a terrible person to be around.  Now that I have sobriety I don't have to worry about ruining the game for myself or anybody else for that matter 
Good grief SD is bringing on the tears for me today! Thank you so very much for sharing your experience last night. It was beautifully written and I felt as if I was there with you as you sat there on that step. I'm so happy for you! What a gift you have given yourself right? That you recognize it as such is a gift into itself. 
As my grandma likes to say.....that was a fuckin' good story.  
Gosh and I'm not even much of a sports fan yet here I am wiping my eyes.  Beautiful.
I used to do the same thing at concerts. I would anxiously await going for months and be hammered before the headlining band came on. There have been at least a dozen times I don't remember much due to drinking...Great story OP and I'm glad your experience was so great. Baseball is a great game.
I had a similar emotional experience going to my first Nashville predators game after being sober. As the team stormed out onto the ice tears of joy and relief trickled down my cheeks. I had no idea how great sports games could be without drinking and drugging. ..I'm glad you found some joy you'll find it in all sorts of unexpected places.
Sweet.
[deleted]
First of all make sure you join us over at /r/Braves. ..Second of all this post is awesome. The summer events that I've experienced for so long were one of my biggest worries when I quit drinking. Like you said how the hell could I go to a Braves game and not drink? ..For me it was a concert. My favorite artist at my favorite venue and I got to remember the entire show. It was amazing. ..Good luck and go Braves 
