-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/393npv/every_bad_decision_i_have_ever_made_has_been/

I've lurked a bit on this sub but not much and finally feel the need to post. I'm late 30s am not a daily drinker but once I start drinking and know I'm "going out" it's tough for me not to binge. Self-control just evaporates...I've reached a point in my life where I'm doing some international traveling for fun/work and the other night ended up going way too hard and made a dumb decision. And I just can't be putting myself in dumb/bad situations like that...And like every dumb decision it was because I allowed alcohol to overtake my ability to make smart choices. So I'm stopping...I am hopeful it won't be too big of struggle. Years ago when I got a DUI I obviously couldn't drive with even a drop of alcohol and had no problems not drinking at social events or places I would normally drink. I never really even got the urge. Some people knew I had a DUI and knew why for others I just said I was trying to cut out alcohol and it was no biggie...Just wanted to post here as a physical manifestation of my commitment. It's tough as I'm traveling by myself right now and don't want to spiral myself into a panic attack or breakdown by blowing up this decision up to be bigger than it is. It really shouldn't be hard to not go out places where I'd normally be drinking. And it'll certainly make thing a lot cheaper. :)..Reading some folks it sounds like I'm not the type who actually had the physical need/craving to have "just one drink" it's more once I get going it's tough to stop. So preventing myself from taking that first step is my only focus...Anyway this was really just more cathartic emotional purging so thanks for reading. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I have similar experiences in that once I get started I can't stop. Once alcohol is in control there's no knowing where I'll be taken and what stupid decisions I'll make. I can relate to your feeling completely! Again welcome. Hope to see more of you around here.
Hi there and welcome! I also wasn't a daily drinker but would binge hard and it always seemed lead to doing/saying something stupid. Life is much better sober for me. I hope you'll find similar results. :)
Hey I wasn't a daily drinker either but like you said I would shift into serious drinking mode and there was no stopping. Hope you stick around. This place has helped me a lot so far.
&gt;the physical need/craving to have "just one drink" it's more once I get going it's tough to stop...Incorrect the mental obsession to have just one drink..the craving only occurs after you have a drink and then it seems you just drink more than you intended..
