-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/396e3p/i_accidentally_put_alcohol_in_my_mouth_on/

This past weekend I had a similar experience to /u/SevenSixtyOne in that I found myself with a mouthful of beer. Shame fear loathing embarrassment racing mind. All at once...SO and I have friends with GORGEOUS property at a local lake. 12-14 of us vacationed for the weekend and it was glorious. I brought enough LaCroix to make an elephant piss. Saturday was pool day and I was putting down more than my share of the LaCroixs. Cut to: me inside the house exiting the bathroom and entering the kitchen. Grab nearest can assuming it was mine. Exit sliding door to pool pour contents into mouth. SOMETHING IS WRONG. I look at the can in my hand: Busch beer. In days of old I would have put down 20 of these on a Saturday pool day. Immediately my heart was racing. I got my wits about me made my way back to the kitchen sink spit and rinse spit and rinse spit and rinse eat some pretzels eat some cheez-its. Get a glass of water rinse and spit with half drink the rest...Everything is okay...I didn't feel like there was anyone around who would understand so I acknowledged the shitty experience and put it in my back pocket until I could chat with SO privately. The rest of the weekend was bananas awesome...All at once it really really sucked and was really really okay. I made a mistake; this was not a lapse or relapse. This was nothing more than an accident. I had no intent to drink alcohol and went out of my way to make sure I didn't swallow it. I know I'm okay. But damn it if it still doesn't shake me...This was a wonderful reminder to me that I must remain vigilant. Assuming that can was mine because that's where I would have put my can was a dangerous move. I'm more committed to sobriety than to make mistakes like that again...Mostly I just wanted to vent to people who might understand. Thank you for that opportunity and thank you for continuing to kick ass by sharing experiences wisdom and support...CHECK YO CANS!
----------immediate responses--------

"CHECK YO CANS!" is a perfect r/stopdrinking slogan.  Change approved!
I know it's upsetting but as far as I'm concerned your approach is bang-on: no biggie accidents happen.
UPVOTE for LaCroix reference...edited to add: great post great plan of action great recovery and HELL YES CHECK YO CANS.
I agree no biggie you made a conscious decision not to drink that day.  This was not premeditated or the result of a moment of weakness unless you consider it a moment of weakness for your bladder!  You could have decided screw it I'm drinking or decided it was an anomaly.  You wisely chose the latter.
The funniest part of this story is that someone else probably took a sip of your La Croix thinking it was a Busch beer and was too drunk to even notice. ;)
[deleted]
If you switch from LaCroix to Sodastream this won't happen and you'll save some cash. I laughed pretty hard reading this sorry it was funny!
I did this once with a piece of watermelon that had vodka in it. I was really proud of my brain for just reflexively spitting it out.  
It's ok.  Mine is way less fun.  Part of my job involves collecting insects for scientific purposes.  I have to put them in small vials of 100% ethanol (it is a perservative).  The other day I reached up to grab an insect and didn't realize a full vial was in my hand.  I dumped 100% ethanol on my face.  Luckly I didn't eat it but it was a pretty horrible experience overall.  100% alcohol is harsh shit.
Check yo cans!..Mistakes can happen great to hear you brushed it off learnt **and shared** a lesson on vigilance and didn't let it derail you.
I visited my dad recently and he nearly put bitters into my sparkling water. He had no idea bitters contained alcohol! (Weird man.)..Vigilance is key. While I know that an accidental sip of beer or a negligible amount of bitters really means nothing as far as alcohol content goes I do believe it's the principle behind sober living that makes *not* wanting to drink those things even in very small doses so important to us.
