-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/396rwl/need_advice_on_a_relapse/

I didn't drink for nearly 2.5 months and Sunday and Monday I drank again.  I had been taking disulfiram for 2 months but I ceased it as I thought I was over the hump so to speak and I didn't want to be unnecessarily taking chemicals.  Well turns out they are necessary...When I was taking disulfiram I didn't even think about alcohol.  I had basically zero cravings.  And then on Sunday I just wanted a drink struggled with the feeling and gave in.  And as I am sure you know it didn't stop Sunday but it bled into Monday too.  I guess I haven't developed the right way to deal with urges and cravings yet.  ..I am really trying to look at this as a negative event that I can move past that doesn't undo all the progress I've made in my life since March.  But it's hard viewing it that way part of me just wants to kick myself for being so stupid...I don't know I'd just appreciate your thoughts and suggestions.
----------immediate responses--------

Nothing will erase the almost 2.5 months you were sober. Dust yourself off and go for it again. You can do this!!!!!! "I will not drink today." :)
&gt;Need advice on a relapse..don't do it would be my advice. ....f'real though I read through you post and I'm not sure what advice you want from us? Whether to go back on disulfiram or not? Talk to your doctor...Do you want us to tell you it's okay you've made lots of progress and drinking for two days doesn't negate that progress? Whatever you want homes. ..&gt;I don't know I'd just appreciate your thoughts and suggestions....I suggest you don't drink today. Also perhaps read [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
&gt;When I was taking disulfiram I didn't even think about alcohol. I had basically zero cravings...It sounds like this route worked for you to an extent. Is this something you want to try again?..There was a time about a year ago that I qualified for weight loss surgery due to the amount I weighed.  I have struggled with my weight my entire life.  I decided to really give it a go for a year to see if I could honestly and truly lose weight without the surgery.  I ended up losing 55 pounds in a year. Not great progress but progress.  I am now going to work on the last 55.  I no longer am a candidate for the surgery and I feel proud that I have been able to work on me and the reasons why I overeat and am lazy and I PERSONALLY feel that this will help me keep the weight off better long term.  I have read and heard countless accounts of weight loss surgery patients who gained all the weight back because they never really learned to control their eating; they just ate less bc the surgery made it impossible for them to eat as much as they wanted to.  But the root of the problem remained and their stomachs and innards eventually went back as they were before; the weight came back and now their post surgery insides were wired differently and were facing an even harder go of it to lose weight on their own...The meds you are taking tackle one side of the drink problem but not all sides.  I personally attend therapy and I go to group recovery meetings.  This has helped me rack up 9 months of dry time.  
[deleted]
I was relapsing constantly for about 2 years. I desperately wanted to stop but I didn't know how to. My advice? Try something different. I had to change A LOT of things in my life before I managed to get and STAY sober. Change is often very uncomfortable and the fear can be a big detriment. What were you feeling when you relapsed? How had your mood been the past few days before you drank? I have found that the key is dealing with the feelings that cause you to drink in the first place. Working the steps (AA) really helps with this but there are other programs and counseling/treatment. You acknowledge you messed up now just don't beat yourself up about it and come up with a new plan of attack and stick to it. Best of luck!
I have an emergency case of non-alcoholic beer in my crisper for just such a craving.  Might not work for you but the placebo reeeaaally helps me when I get weak. 
Aside from taking the medication what were you doing during that 2.5 months to address your recovery?
