-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/397epf/i_could_do_with_some_advice_please_sd_ive_come_a/

Do you have that saying in the US? Anyway it's a big thing I'm struggling with. They'll be a tl;dr at the bottom any advice is grand but I'd really appreciate those who have the time to read the whole thing...So as you can see from my badge (shit it just changed! I missed that!) I'm on 7 months stopping drinking has been the best thing I've ever ever done for myself without a doubt. ..I dreamt I drank red wine last night and today I found myself discussing tasting notes in-depth with my French class (they asked it was coincidental they asked but not coincidental how much detail I went in to about it). By the way I don't fucking speak French. Yet I teach a French class. That's just a small part of the issue I have!..Due to sobriety I managed to score my dream job. It's a great job amazing pay but I always thought it was a job I'd do in a few years time after a bit more management experience under my belt but it popped up and I was being made redundant so I decided to go for it and I got it probably based on passion alone!..The issue is I'm REALLY struggling with it. I self-harmed last week for the first time in seven months after a bad review meeting and I've been white-knuckling drinking-wise a bit too much for my liking. I've managed to always say 'no' to those thoughts but I'm finding my job is having a direct negative impact on my mental health.  ..Last week my crisis was "I can't do this I'm fucking useless" which led to self-harm. Well I've managed to take a breath and weigh things up a bit and actually it's not that I'm shit it's just I'm mentally fragile and inexperienced. It's a HUGE learning curve. My reaction is pretty much "exit run escape can't do." but that leaves me with the shitty position of having been in a job for a month and having to quit possibly fucking my CV up. So any experience or advice on THAT part? Now my stepdad is adamant I can do this job BUT he was adamant I could get a first on my degree and I barely scraped a 2:1. I mentioned my mental health problems but not the self-harm or how bad it is. They (Mum and stepdad) know I'm on medication but I play it down because Mum is bi-polar and has quite enough of her own shit to deal with (I've also been worrying lately I've been displaying some signs of it). I spoke to my doctor last week who was just overjoyed I'd had the wherewithal to come and see her and identify that it was an issue in the first place. She thought I was coping ok but asked to see my again in a few weeks. I also see my therapist Monday. ..I just want objective opinions. All my life I SHOULD be able to that I'm CAPABLE of doing this I've always somehow "coped" but I'm been pretty drunk most of time to deal with it...tl;dr ish..I just feel like things were finally going right and then I just can't cope with this job and because of my stepdads reaction I feel like I'll be a failure if I don't get it right first time. I worry myself what impact having a management job for a month and then quitting will have on my CV I worry I'm getting older and thanks to my drinking career I'm 10+ years behind my contemporaries in terms of actual career...Thanks in anticpiation...I'm not drinking today but I am eating chocolate (I've gained 10lbs in a month since starting the new job and I was pretty fat already!) :(
----------immediate responses--------

May I ask how you achieved your 7 months of sobriety?..Congrats by the way.
I go to an AA meeting where one of the participants a petite woman said that at one point in her early sobriety she sat down and ate a WHOLE 1 pound bag of chocolate chips.  I laughed and she looked at me and said: it wasn't funny.  I said I wasn't laughing because it was funny I laughed because I recognized myself in the anecdote.  True too. ..My cure for stress white knuckling it drinking dreams and all the other signs of creeping mental obsession was RECOVERY meetings in my case AA meetings.  The 12 Steps helped me through all the thickets of early recovery and gave me a set of tools to deal with other life stressors...Good luck. /u/Rusty101114 avoid going head over heels my friend.
I know you're struggling but you're also doing some very good things. Talking to your doctor talking to your supervisor after the review hell even eating all that chocolate are good things. You're addressing situations without turning back to the bottle. What else can you do?..For me job stress is a significant factor in my depression. There is the actual stress of the work environment and lots of stress from myself through catastrophizing having too high of expectations and procrastinating on tasks I don't want to do. I'm finding ways to deal with and minimize that stress and it's helping. I'm more organized with work tasks. I'm meditating. I'm using cognitive-behavioral therapy tools to improve my thinking. Statements like "I SHOULD" "I can't do this" are the kinds of thinking CBT helps with. Your therapist can send you in the right direction...Remember you got this dream job for a reason. They hired you because of the passion skills and potential you demonstrated. It is a huge learning curve but hopefully you can change that fear into excitement and energy.
My second "thing" is a dormant eating disorder. It knocks on my door occasionally I "beat" it with the help of Cognitive Behavioural Therapy long ago but I cheated a bit as I kept alcohol as a crutch for numbing me when I felt overwhelmed. Some triggers are common to both issues for me specifically when I start feeling I can't cope or feel overwhelmed. ..I've used CBT to help get sober and there's been cross-benefit for keeping my eating disorder at bay; ultimately they're both symptoms of things I need to address. ..I've also read SMART recovery literature and am starting to attend SMART meetings the principles are applicable to a variety of addictive bahaviours not just alcohol problems. I'm prone to anxiety and am trying to apply the principle of "[challenging not overwhelming](http://www.smartrecovery.org.uk/resources/articles-and-essays/rational-thinking/break-out-from-the-vicious-circle-of-anxiety)" to my perspective. ..I've a ways to go just focus on today nothing is so overwhelming that I can't get through it a slip or relapse won't solve anything...ETA: I'm eating chocolate yet I'm also doing more exercise. For me the exercise has been important in helping my routine and mood it also counterbalances the chocolate and reminds me of the importance of fuelling my body properly each day. 
You say that you don't know french well believe me your students know less.  That is how schooling etc works.  All you have to do is keep one step ahead of them you have no exam as such to speak of.  ..Congrats on your 7 mths that's a real achievement.  You should be really proud of your self and believe me your stepdad is probably doesn't say it because of himself not you.  You are doing your best and that is all you can do.  ..Where you at btw just wondering?
For me admitting that I did not know things helped at work gave me time to find answers to make mistakes and learn from them...People often have an investment in your success after all they hired you and don't want to look bad and don't want to have to go through the hiring process again...This may or may not apply but from your post it feels like your anxiety is as big a problem as any? It might help but then again it is free advice from an Internet stranger
I say stick with the job.  If I stayed with the job and keep trying to do better I'd at least have a chance at success.  If I quit my failure is guaranteed...I think the only difference now is that you're actually feeling the pressure of dealing with the issue instead of numbing it with alcohol.  This is a pretty new feeling for me as well.  But it's a sensation that should be experienced so you can deal with it in the future.  How we deal with failure is at least as important as how we deal with success...My $.02..On chocolate: http://science.howstuffworks.com/life/inside-the-mind/emotions/chocolate-high3.htm..:)
