-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39gvyn/hello_first_post_ankle_bracelet_on_today_here_i_go/

Hi there all..I've been back and forth struggling with staying sober for a few years now. I really struggled during an abusive relationship that left me in the hospital two years ago. Put myself through rehab and then relapsed the next year when I moved back with my mom...I am ashamed to say I got a DUI in April and am now in debt facing some pretty hard punishments for my first offense because my BAC was way high...I'm gettig outfitted with a SCRAM bracelet today for 3 months -- I actually asked for it to help me stay on the up and up...I have 2 SMART meetings a week individual therapy and DBT. I'm ready to become the person I've always wanted...Not sure how to start except these baby steps. ..So hi all. I will not be drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your decision and lean on us all you need.  We raise hopes here until they are strong enough to stand on their own.
Have you had your sentencing yet? Being proactive and requesting the SCRAM bracelet taking classes and addressing your alcohol issues will probably have a positive impact on the judge. Especially if this is your only DUI (I don't say first because you don't ever ever ever want another one!) That being said I am glad you are off the road and on the road to recovery. Keep in touch. :)
[deleted]
Welcome back!
Sorry about your past.  Sounds tough.  I hope you are able to find a way to put that stuff in the past and let it go.  I know I needed to learn to do that if I was going to have any success...&gt;Not sure how to start except these baby steps...Sounds like a good start.  One additional piece of advice would be to be as honest as possible moving forward and be willing to take advice towards your recovery...Please keep coming back and let us know if we can help.  Good luck!
I got my DUI in April. My breath reading of my BAC was above .25 so I can relate. No idea what my blood BAC levels were. I'll find out soon enough. ..This is my only offense ever (first anything -- never even had a speeding ticket) but any drug that can render me reckless and cause me to drive my car in that condition is something I just can't have a "relationship" with any longer. I haven't had a sip of alcohol since my DUI. In fact I don't remember my last drink and I certainly don't remember getting arrested. While I was only a "weekend warrior" I definitely let myself go one too many times as evidenced by my DUI...I took all of my alcohol screening and classes in advance took the MADD Victim Impact Panel class and have stayed away from alcohol. I haven't even received my police report yet so I have no idea what I said or how I acted around the officers (remember: I was blackout). That was the first time I had ever driven drunk while blacked out in my entire life. But it scared the shit out of me. I'm done...The reason I'm sharing this is to let you know that you're not alone my friend. Where I live the DUI laws are severe as ever. First time offenders for a DUI with my BAC usually get 45 days in jail. So I'm expecting the worst. But you know what? This was all worth it because it was just what I needed to get me to stop drinking and to change my life...The best way to start changing your life for the better is to admit that you got where you are because of the drinking. Don't make excuses. Don't blame the police. Don't blame the harsh laws. If you want to blame something blame alcohol. Blame your relationship with it. ..One more thing.. thank God that you didn't hurt or kill anyone. I'm assuming you didn't. So just be thankful that you've been given an opportunity to turn this into a positive. Pay your fines serve your time and move forward into the better version of you. ..You can always message me if you want to talk more about this. I'm here for you.
