-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39n9ca/triggered_by_moderation_posts/

I don't post too often on here I spend a lot of time in IRC. I'm not trying to shift responsibility from myself or whatever - but man I get really triggered by reading posts about moderation. It's like reading things that are confirming things I'm telling myself that I'm trying to convince myself aren't true. .."You can learn to just have one".."There are huge consequences for being an alcoholic in society".."People won't want to date an addict; you could relapse" .."You're denying yourself one of life's pleasures"..80% of me knows these things are bullshit and I want to believe it 100%... ..I know the obvious answer is "just don't read those subs/posts." I don't know why I keep going back to them. Anyway I feel like drinking today but I won't.  
----------immediate responses--------

I've relied heavily on medication. That might be a good or bad thing. When my meds are going well I feel great. And relapse from drinking and using seems impossible. But when I dont feel good I feel like drinking sometimes. ..I also start therapy soon. And I go to support groups. These things make it entirely possible to stay sober.
I have this posted on my bedroom wall so I will see this every morning when I wake up ..&gt;You will never be able to moderate. You will only be 100% sober or over-consuming/abusing alcohol. There is no in between. You are not denying yourself anything by not drinking alcohol. ..I think I am saving myself a ton of heartache and pain by not drinking. I have cravings where the fallacy of moderation dances before me like heat waves imitating an oasis. I am trying to learn that pursuing this fallacy will only leave me dried up and thirstier than before. 
&gt; I know the obvious answer is "just don't read those subs/posts."..I don't think that's the answer at all. It'll be no more effective than trying to avoid being around alcohol in a society that is soaked in it...I find acceptance to be a better tool. I accept that I can't drink at all if I want to keep the benefits of sobriety. I accept that there's no pleasure left in drinking for me. I accept that my experiments with moderation confirmed that it's not possible for me. I accept that some people can drink in moderation without a second thought but that I am not and can never be one of those people. Once I accept those things I can start living life to it's fullest instead of wishing I could live the fantasy beer commercial lifestyle...edit: I also accept the fact that many of the people who come to this sub for help will try moderation experiments. Some will come back. Some will not.
I don't see a lot of posts supporting moderation here on SD. Where are you seeing them?
if you read those posts  you read my refrain moderation is a myth. ..and it can kill you.   ..Stay strong.
Yep I've tried to fool myself with some of those. Never worked. Happy for these two weeks of complete sobriety let's keep up the good work :) 
Don't drink... I did extensive research on moderate drinking for both of us. Within six months I began to drink more than I did when I came in...it's taken me the better part of 3 years to get back to the 400's count wise. Thank God I managed to get back with no setbacks. Usually I have to cleanup the aftermath  It's much easier to abstain than too moderate. That's my story and I'm sticking to it. Peace and good vibes. 
