-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39tof0/made_it_at_a_week_feel_like_shit/

I woke up this morning pretty depressed. I struggle with a lot of things - depression chronic pain adhd to name a few. I'm weaning off of klonopin which has been hell but I made it a week without drinking. Before that I made it about 10 days before I slipped. The last slip made me realized that I can't trust myself to just have one drink and that I use alcohol to run away from my problems. I'm hopeful I can beat that mark but one step at a time as they say...Last night I saw Jurassic World where Chris Pratt was an alpha among velociraptors and taught me it's not about control it's about respect :P  After the movie the group I was with wanted to go to a bar. We carpooled and I didn't want to be that guy so I agreed to go. I didn't drink. Everyone had a couple drinks and at 2am they wanted to head back to a friends for more. At that point I asked a friend if he could take me home he did. I'm happy that I didn't drink there but putting myself in that situation wasn't good for me. ..Getting sober is hard. It's one of the hardest things I've ever done and I've had 4 painful hip surgeries. It's full of emotional ups and downs. I don't know how far I can go with it I'm not focused on tomorrow but just today. Hell some times all I can focus on is living in the moment. I'm not happy but it would be worse if I was hungover. That much I can guarantee.  
----------immediate responses--------

I was on klonopin for about 2 years and managed to get off. Been medication free for almost a decade. Weaning off it was very difficult for me. It took about 2 week. Medications can make you feel like a zombie and cover up your emotions. Coming off I had a lot of random mood changes. ..Try to eat very well get outside. Anything that let's you emote some of your feeling is good painting exercise ect. For me going off klonopin pulled this safety blanket off all my muted emotions and I was a raw nerve for awhile.
A lot of people come here get sober and start feeling great. This isn't the case for everyone and it definitely wasn't the case for me. I used alcohol to self medicate some serious mental health problems. Anxiety depression self harm an eating disorder etc. These things did not leave my life when I put down the bottle. In fact they came back with a vengeance. At a little over six months of sobriety and eight months of intensive therapy I can honestly say it's getting better. I still have bad days where I just want to give up and die but these days are slowly becoming fewer and fewer. Letting life slap you in the face each day can really suck but I promise if you just stay sober and get yourself some help it will get better. 
[deleted]
Get used to it.      .You are The guy (who doesn't drink)..Feel free to act accordingly
After my first week I didn't want to drink I wanted to die. If sobriety meant this level of pain and drinking meant that level of pain fuck it I opt out...I'm really glad to report that feeling is totally gone. Totally. I am still having good and bad days but the roller coaster is over and nothing feels horrible enough to die about. Not even close. Just hang on minutes at a time if needed. Give it a few weeks to happen. You got this!
