-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39zgmw/time_for_some_honesty_up_in_here/

Hello all again! .It's been a while for me to post here. I always lurk but the reason for no posts is that I fell off the wagon at the end of November. I'm now back on and day 1 was Friday June 12th. ..It was just like everyone had told me. when you relapse it goes back to the worst you had been and boy did it. I self harmed in the most severe way I ever have. The amount of scars on my body has increased so much. I had never gotten stitches before this year and now I've gotten over 50. The insanity returned...I made the decision to not drink on Friday and I knew what was coming: 2-3 days of withdrawals worse than I had experienced because I had just finished a 6 day bender of 750mL of vodka a day with the day's all blurred. They were bad. the nightmares were horrible. Very severe tremors. I was scared to move even to drink water. I hadn't eaten...it was awful. I even missed my friends wedding...fuck...I decided to record in detail the feelings of the withdrawals in a new journal. As a reminder as to why I can't go on like this.  Then I started a list today of the many perks of being sober which I will continue adding to! When I finally felt like myself again my mom said she was glad I'm back. I live with my parents and almost got kicked out. ..I'm going to outpatient treatment in town they have groups and courses for people struggling with addiction. I actually already have a file open with them but I've never gone. Which goes to show I didn't take my recovery as seriously as I NEED to. This is priority 1. .I'm also hoping to come back and use SD as a resource because I love this sub. You folks are all amazing strong people and we all need each other. ..Thank you for reading if you have. I'll be resetting my badge. I wanted to make a new account and ditch this one but that's what an addict would do. I'm here I messed up and I'm making the right choices! ..Hope you're all having a wonderful SOBER day :).xo S
----------immediate responses--------

forgot to mention: I'm using a self help book that I've been learning new skills from to help with overwhelming emotions. It's a DBT self help book it's really great and I'm immersing myself in it every day (I don't have a job so my job is working on me)
Hey thanks for posting.  You helped me today.  I wish you good going and much sobriety.
Welcome back. :)
word up
I feel you friend. Good call on outpatient. Sorry you're going through such a rough time. 
&gt;You folks are all amazing strong people and we all need each other. ..You are really amazing. That's why r/stopdrinking is so amazing because people like you. I was helped out a lot by reading relapse posts because it reminded me how I would be if I relapsed. You took one for the team and we are here for you to make it the last one you have to take. I think you have only become stronger. You can go all the way this time!
