-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3a3zxj/my_wife_relapsed_need_advice/

My wife and I are both working at recovery and yesterday I came home and she had drank a bottle of wine.  She admitted to it right away and was upset that she slipped.  Today I got home and she had drank little over half a liter of vodka.  I get what she is going through and I want to be supportive but I also don't want to enable this kind of behavior.  She gets off work two and a half hours before I do and she is slipping back into old habits.  Thank you ahead of time.
----------immediate responses--------

You (and we) can't make somebody else quit...you need to look out for your own sobriety and your own recovery...It's like they say on planes...if the oxygen masks drop put YOUR OWN on first...THEN help others. You're no good to your wife if you're not recovering...Good luck to you!.
My first thought and suggestion is encourage help her to or take her to AA meetings...She probably could benefit from the community support. AA and what I learned there helped saved my life.
Honestly /u/joeblough put it really well. Put yourself first. My husband has had his struggles with drinking and I've accepted that. I don't bother myself about it I don't clean up his messes I don't make excuses for him I simply live my life and let him live his. Does that mean that he could get into trouble? Get in a fight at the neighbor's party? Be too hungover to visit family? Yes but I'm okay with that. *I* quit drinking because *I* was sick of it and I see no reason why anything should change that. ..I'm truly sorry about your wife. I hope the best for her and for you. Good luck sweetie and just don't pick up that first drink today.
I'm so sorry.  This shit is hard.  ../u/joeblough put it very well.  My partner doesn't drink but he's got his own issues.  I am SLOWLY and very reluctantly learning that I can't change him no matter what.  I can offer the truest most logical set of facts to him and if he doesn't want to believe them nothing will change.  So I just gotta do me and hope he figures it out...Best to you both.
Maybe offer support any way that you can to make her feel loved and avoid any drama that could lead to you relapsing as well. For many people it takes multiple attempts and a relapse is a setback not the end.
While my S.O. isn't in recovery like I am the one thing I've learned from AA is that it's your own programs and your own recoveries.  I've heard from most to try not to go to the same meetings even because it can make it harder to share sometimes.  It may be a good idea to have her try going to women's stag meetings and meeting other women in recovery for help.
My wife isn't an alcoholic but has plenty of other issues (as we all do). I did the steps in Al-anon to help me learn how to detach from her behavior and not react the same way over and over.  It helped me learn that I am never responsible for another person's behavior but I am always responsible for mine.
You may want to look into [CRAFT](http://motivationandchange.com/outpatient-treatment/for-families/craft-overview/) approaches as well.
Don't hassle her but listen. Simple but I believe most helpful. 
I'd ask her if she has any interest in a yoga cycling crossfire class running club or even a personal trainer. If you're both giving up booze that should free up money. .If you're able to at work try to text with her those last couple hrs. ..She may not be ready to quit but you can at least help her see other options. I agree that you have to worry about your sobriety first but as a husband you also have to be there for her when she is ready to quit. She may feel pressured by you and not want to quit at all though  or truly be ready. 
&gt;She gets off work two and a half hours before I do and she is slipping back into old habits...What kind of support system does she have besides you?  Is there anyone else she can be accountable to?
