-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3a8pw1/hi_im_mouse_im_an_alcoholic_and_i_want_a_drink/

Hi Sobernauts.  It has been a while since I posted...and I'm struggling at the moment.  ..Short short version?  Relationships that have been rocky all along don't always get stronger after one member of the relationship fights a serious illness even with the other person doing everything they can to help.  ..Watching a partner in daily physical pain...a partner you still love but who is no longer capable and/or interested in showing you love in physical ways and who has shut down in many emotional ways....not being able to help that person or fix the problems is so very hard.  Powerlessness.  Again...Me being an alcoholic still struggling to discover what makes ME happy...what will make me comfortable in my own skin and able to look in the mirror and say "Hey...you are a good person!"...and at the same time feeling like the world is crumbling out from underneath you...this is hard.  ..My mind is creating romantic images....first the idea of "a few drinks" that will take the edge off my current anxiety anger and sadness.....which would inevitably progress to "A bunch more" drinks which would make it all go away into blackout land...where there is no pain...or at least I no longer would care about the weight I'm carrying on my shoulders.  ..This sounds nice at times like this...for a minute.  Times where I know that bottle of fish vodka is under the fishtank (for reference look at an older post of mine "Don't drink the Fish Vodka").  That fish vodka would be a horrible rock bottom way to relapse...drinking the cheapest vodka out of a plastic bottle only purchased to treat the nitrates in the fish tank.  What is next? Listerine?..So...I type this letter to myself (and whomever may choose to read it) so I can read it in the morning.  ..*********..June 18 2015.Dear Self:..Congrats on waking up another morning sober.  Life sucks sometimes but you don't have a hangover..so that is a start.  The problems in your current life are still there...but you don't need to deal with the added horrified realization that you're starting all over at Day One and a pounding head sick stomach and embarrassment.  Not after all this.  ..You've been able to live through a horrible cancer diagnosis for your husband.  You broke the news to his kids.  You watched him lose his hair his weight...you struggled and somedays you almost broke...but you survived.  You've received blessings beyond your wildest expectations in the form of love and support from family friends and strangers including the warriors who carried you on their backs when you couldn't make it alone...So....good morning.  Today is a new day.  Drink your cup of morning tea put the invisible armor back on and get back out there.  I am a good person.  I am worth another sober day.  I am worth happiness.  I just need to keep fighting to find it...inside.  ..Love.Me..*******.Stay sober my friends.  Tonight is a hard one...but I'm staying sober too.  ..Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear of what youre going through. I admire your clarity of mind in realizing that poisoning yourself with alcohol is not what you truly deserve. Hang in there. Hugs to you mouse!
You're doing the right thing. Just continue to share these feelings and continue to try your best and eventually things will clear up. You will find your happiness...As much as you feel you must spend a lot of your energy onr your Husband you must take care of you. Do things for you too you deserve it and you are a good person. ..What do you do that's just for you? Do you reward yourself at all for all of the time and energy you put into others?
ah. the ol' play it forward letter. .stay tough mouse. sleep well. :-)
This brought tears to my eyes. I've read many of your posts and have so much admiration for you. Not only for what you are dealing with personally but for taking the time to share it and be supportive of others. You actually wrote the first response to my first post here. Something along the lines of getting through a snowstorm with green tea and Star Trek TNG. I had no idea what anyone's story was at that time but as I read more I was touched that someone with so many challenges would take the time to support me at 2 weeks. So thank you. I don't know you but I believe your letter: You are good worthy and enough just as you are. ..Sometimes even one day at a time seems too much and it feels more like one breath at a time. So keep breathing and let your heart keep beating and make it through the night. Your letter is waiting.
&gt; I am a good person. I am worth another sober day. I am worth happiness...Damn right. Really glad you posted.
Thank you for posting. "I am worth another sober day" - I'm taking that one with me. 
Take care Mouse!
I got your back Mouse!
Sweetie thank you for sharing. I don't know you but my thoughts are with you tonight. 
This sure helped keep me sober another day Mouse...You know how it goes: there's no problem so big a drink won't make bigger...You remind you and me I remind me and you we stay sober.
[deleted]
You know that drink isn't going to help; it never really did
Hugs Mouse. 
Mouse you're a star. I have the utmost respect for you. It's no wonder that you're tempted plenty of people would be but you're here posting offering your (*AA alert!*) experience strength and hope and in doing so helping plenty of others as well as yourself. You are generous to a fault so thank you. I wish you and your family all the very best.
Thank you Mouse I've had a really stressful run of tough days--nothing to compare to yours--nonetheless this was a great reminder.  TODAY is the new day.  Let's do it SOBER.  
That was really nice to read keep your head up this too shall pass.
Keep doing mouse keep doing...Show others it can be done and always remember that behind that illusion of escape is a shit storm of biblical proportions.  If alcohol can make any situation worse often by orders of magnitude the potential here is terrifying.  ..in reality you have no choice.  The good news is you have some support. 
[deleted]
&gt;Tonight is a hard one...but I'm staying sober too...If you can we all can...Your strength shows us the way x
Good morning Mouse. Thank you for going to bed sober. Thank you for being an inspiration to me and so many others. You are strong worthy and loved by so many (I am sure of this even though I don't know you personally) I hope you enjoyed your morning  tea and your armor is light on your shoulders today. One day at a time friend! 
Mouse there are a few people I've met in recovery who really inspired me when I'm in the depths. When I'm weak struggling not sure if I can do another hour another day they are the folks I think of. "If they can do it so can you. Why are you whining e_j? They're dealing with real stuff not your little issues." **You are one of them.** Thanks for that.
Thanks Mouse! Glad you are here. Still.
Hang in there Mouse. You have been through so much and there is no reason to stop fighting now. You have the strength you can do it.
We're here for you Mouse. Stick with it
You and your husband are in my Prayers Mouse. Hang in there you have an awful lot going for you and as you know miracles are everywhere around us.
