-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ad2pm/oknow_i_am_struggling/

I found Smart Recovery online and I have gone to 2 meetings already...the one was text-chat and the other was voice-chat which was neat to hear everyone talking. It is basically an AA-like meeting but online.We do a check-in then we discuss topics like cravings and relapses. I will start here and go to real meetings if I can...I am struggling but I have an idea: for my one month mark (month to the day) I am going to buy myself a cake to celebrate the accomplishment of not picking up a beer or a bottle of wine for that long. So on July 18th I will have one month in. That is also the anniversary of my mom's death in 2008...so it will be a bittersweet anniversary...Please say it gets better...I can't see the light at the end of the tunnel. It is just so dark and scary. Please someone give me a flashlight...I am lost in this darkness...Struggling hurting and crying here. The physical craving is SO strong that it is scary...:(..~LG..
----------immediate responses--------

It gets better.  It did for me anyway.  It got a LOT better.  ..Cravings pass.  Urges get weaker.  Every day I don't take a drink makes the next day easier to do it again...You never ever have to do Day 1 again if you persist doggedly and make this commitment truly and seriously.  ..
Yes much better. I'm sorry your having to go through this. If you hang in there you'll never need to do this again...Cake sounds like a great idea at one month. But today you should think about today's reward. You're doing this right now and as long as you're not picking up a drink you're succeeding. Let's not forget this very important fact...Believe it or not you're going to forget all about this at some point and you'll have to work to recall how bad it was. Bad shit has a way of doing that. I really appreciate you posting here to remind me that that shit's still out there if I want it. You're helping me out a lot in tht way.
The cravings get so much better promise! The first 2 week-ends I cried. I still have thoughts of having a drink but not nearly as painful as in the beginning. Day by day.
Hey I feel your pain. I would really recommend buying some cans of club soda/Perrier/La Croix and having them on hand. Like literally have one in your hand or near you at all times. This was incredibly helpful for me to get over the urges to drink. Bubbly water from a cold can will trick your mind temporarily into thinking it's getting what it wants.  It will relieve your cravings a bit... I don't think I could be sober without this. Big hugs to you on a very hard but well done day.
