-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3akebu/another_victory_mounting_worries/

I had a really strong storm of relapse urges earlier. It was one of the worst since I've started getting sober. In hindsight I'm amazed I'm sober. ..Nothing major. I just had a good day and came back to my place really wanting to go out. I started having my bar fantasies again. Really wanted to get drunk and listen to music. So I decided to only listen to music. It helped but the thoughts were still brewing. How it would be better if I were in a bar; how I could even find some company for the night. I tried to disillusion the fantasy I felt I was building - that I wouldn't get hungover that they would only play music I like that I'd find someone whose company I actually wanted. ..I decided to go on a walk. I didn't really know what I was doing. I think I was planning on doing everything as though I were going to drink... Just not go into any bars. That's sort of what I ended up doing. I walked around for almost two hours listening to my music. It was around the part where the bars I liked were. Doing  this made me see how much of what was drawing me in was a  fantasy.  No one there was drunk. None of the bars were really setting a scene I was interested in. So in the end I got some exercise. I'm back with tea to relax. ..I am worried however. The cravings have been mounting. The better I feel the more tempted I am. I think this resembles a time when drinking was OK for me. It's summer I'm feeling good and in shape again. Yet I need to be honest. Even the once a month binges then I usually regretted and told myself it wouldn't happen again to this extent. I don't know. It's getting harder.
----------immediate responses--------

My mind plays similar tricks on me "you've been a week without a drink see you're no alcoholic! It'll be fun and you can just stop whenever you want and pick it back up!"..You have to stop and realize it is a trick a rationalization. It will never be as good as you hope and always be as bad as you dread...Stay strong friend enjoy that tea.
It gets harder it gets easier it gets harder it gets harder it gets easier.  It will come and go in waves and the trick is letting them wash over you acknowledge them and move on with your sober life.  Even if you have a craving and its a big one and it's hard to ignore you still can choose to ignore it!  You still can do something else even if it -feels- like you can't.  You can not drink. Eventually that moment and that hardness/struggle will pass.  
What are you doing to stay sober aside from using willpower? Willpower is rarely..if ever...enough. You have tools at your disposal. Use them.
