-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3amg2l/going_on_vacation_this_week/

So me and my girlfriend are going on vacation this week. Our first since I've been sober. We're going to New York City and really really excited to finally get to see that magnificent city. However I'm very nervous at the same time. Every vacation I've been on since I was 18 has been a glorified bender for 5-7 days. I'm worried about flying sober I'm worried about going out on the town sober I'm worried about "not having fun" while on vacation. ..Hopefully everything goes smoothly. I don't want to relapse thousands of miles away from home and then feel that terrible guilt. I want to remember this entire vacation and be able to share with all my friends. I'll be checking in with my support people while I'm up there so I can have that accountability. I'm definitely NOT planning on drinking again. ..Hope everyone has a happy Sunday. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been on vacation(ish) for the past two weeks for a wedding and family visits. It can be tough. Stay strong though you'll be fine. You've got a big city to explore there's no time for drink! Have fun.
Remember to postpone; when tempted to drink you can always tell yourself "not now" instead of "never again".  Somehow it's easier to accept putting if off rather than not drinking forever.  Sometimes one day at a time becomes one hour at a time but that's all right.  Whatever keeps you from picking up that drink.  Don't forget to have fun!
There's a lot of stuff to do sober in NYC. Brooklyn Bridge Central Park walking all over Times Square (as a person who lived above Book of Mormon I probably will never venture there again if I go back) Broadway the food the museums and I would even suggest heading to the Apollo in Queens for amateur night...Edit: tip for getting good tickets to like Book of Mormon or Wicked. They have a lottery system ~2 hours before the showtime wicked is easier to win I won 2 out of the 3 times I went. If you win its front row seats for $25. I never won Book of Mormon due to it was brand new at the time. Also if it's still the Sleep No More is pretty cool it's down in Chelsea. Plenty of stuff to keep your mind off drinking.
