-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3aut60/falling_off/

So I'm sitting there relaxing half way through my second beer and enjoying a few shots when suddenly it hits me how bad I've messed up. The weight of all those days I've just flushed away starts to bear down on me. I lash out at my friends asking them how they could have let me do this. I'm crying and I start to shake I'm just so angry at myself so sad I feel the start of a deep depression - it's gravity tugging at the edges of my reality threatening to suck me in and.....I wake up. Sober in my bed sheets soaked through with sweat. 200+ days and I'm still having these nightmares and I've got to be honest here *I love them*...Putting aside the momentary fright the jolt to my subconscious of fear and anguish and pain pain pain - after that there is only relief only calmness and conviction. The path I'm on is the right path. Taking that first drink will only lead me to dark places. Will only leave me with regret. Will only invite more pain...I've been struggling recently. Not bad things are going very well for me - but with that thought of a thousand sober tomorrows weighing down on me beating up the part of me that thinks I'm strong enough to do this. Giving credence to the part of me that says "You've got no chance better to just pour a drink and not worry about. Why waste time? you know you'll fall off someday why wait?"..And then I have one of these dreams and it is a perfect crystalline image of the work I've put in and everything I have to lose. And I know that today I will not drink.
----------immediate responses--------

nice!!
[deleted]
You got me. I thought you fell off the wagon! At least it was only a dream (nightmare). Stay strong!!!
BRAVO!!!!!!!!!!!
I used to have these all the time when I quit smoking. I must not have been a hard enough drinker to get them for when I stopped drinking. They eventually went away for me with smoking...I had them up to 2 years after I quit. Was so awesome waking up knowing I didn't break my vow.
