-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3avq0o/day_1_here/

Today is my 1st day on my new journey.  I have struggled with alcohol for the past several years and I am ready to put an end to drinking.  I am grateful to find a place where I can share with others and hopefully help me on my new way of living.  I am not sure where to start.  I have never shared the way I feel about drinking with anyone.  My problem isn't needing to drink everyday.....my problem is I can't stop once I start.  If I have one beer I may as well have 1000.  If I meet friends for dinner I can limit myself to one or two drinks but as soon as I get home I drink til I finally black out.  I have tried and tried to limit myself but I can no longer control my problem.  The feeling the next morning isn't only an awful hangover put the constant worry of what I did who I texted Facebooked etc.  If anyone else would like to share please feel free.  I feel like being able to vent with others in the same situation would a great way to get through our similar problem.  Thank you for listening!
----------immediate responses--------

I am the same way.  I didn't have to drink every day but once I started I couldn't stop until I blacked out. I'd swear I'd never get that bad again and two days later I was doing the same thing. ..I would drink all night then crash at friends houses so I didn't have to drive drunk (I thought that was being responsible) and sleep it off till noon (mind you I had a family at home) oblivious to all responsibilities. I was not even fooling myself anymore...The only way I found that works for me is if I wake up every day and say I'm not drinking today. Maybe I will tomorrow but not today.
Congratulations on you new resolve /u/randompete21 -- at this [link is a post called the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which lays out exactly what I did to stop drinking and to get sober.  I hope that you will find something there that will resonate for you.  Best of luck.
My name is also Pete and I think you might actually be me.  I can drink fine in social situations then I go home and get shit faced.  I don't have to drink everyday but when I do I can't stop.  Sickness the next morning fear regret weight gain.  The works.  I starting over again today.  Let's do this.  
18 days later i thought it would be useful to reflect on some thoughts.  I have went 18 days without a sip of alcohol!  That is longest I have went since my college days almost 14 years ago.  In this time I told several of my friends that I had made a choice to stop drinking.  Most of them drink on your normal weekends and events.  Also during these 18 days I have went on a business trip went through the 4th of July and went to a baby shower (for guys and girls) ....basically a huge party.  I was able to be successful through all these temptations.  I have seen first hand that I am a better and more fun person to be around when I'm not drinking.  I don't have to worry about being the most drunk person in the room.  For once I am proud of who I am!  I also know that one drink could flush that down the toilet.  This weekend was great.  I worked a little this morning ran with some friends went and hung out at a coffer shop for an hour or so did some yard work and went to a party where I didn't have a drop to drink other than root beer and lemon aide.  If I was hung over this morning I would have went to work took a nap all day and went to that party and got smashed.  I am really enjoying the new me.  It's a me that I am proud of and finally feel like I am a strong person!  .Sorry for rambling.  I just wanted to write this down!
