-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ax8o1/4_days_back/

My partner told me fell in love with someone else.  We've lived together eight years.  He's not kicking me out or moving the new guy in but I just couldn't take it.  So after years of sobriety (almost 3 I think) I just tried to get good and drunk.  It didn't work.  I couldn't drink enough.  No matter how much I drank I just couldn't get drunk.  The pain just got worse...I've been avoiding AA and this subreddit for awhile.  I thought I could manage on my own.  I went to a meeting Sunday (the day after the relapse) and I hated it but I'll keep going.  I can only stomach the LGBT AA meetings in my area and there are only 3 of those a week but I'll make all 3 if I can.  I also plan to go to ACOA and/or Al-Anon (I've been to both before and qualify for both).  ..I see my therapist tomorrow so I'll get through this. I really hate that I picked up but I can't change it now.  I have few friends in this area (2 in fact).  One boards with us.  The other lives an hour away.  To complicate matters (because as an alcoholic how can I not) I'm pretty sure the friend an hour away is falling for me and me for him.  ..I know I'm rambling.  Spilling my guts.  I'm sad and lonely and depressed.  I've been depressed for weeks.  I've been watching my relationship fall apart in slow motion for months though outside observers tell me it's actually been years.  ..I'm in no rush to get a sponsor or work the steps.  I'll use meetings however I need to.  I can't do the whole "immerse myself in AA" thing again.  I did that for years.  I just can't do it.  ..I'm disabled in college and incapable of supporting myself at this time.  SSI doesn't go very far.  Fortunately my partner isn't making me leave.  He loves us both he says.  Fine whatever.  I get that.  But I can't stay here forever because I'm worth better.  I was already working on an exit plan with my therapist.  I'm just going to see if I can find a way to accelerate it.  ..I wish I could cry but my father beat that out of me.  I can't cry anymore.  Don't remember how.  ..Sorry to go on so long.  I'm overtired and thinking about how I need to proceed the next few weeks.  If you've gotten this far I'm bitter angry sad lonely depressed but I don't want to drink or pick up.  That didn't work in the past and it certainly didn't work Saturday...**sigh**.  Emotional loneliness is a terrible thing.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know what to say but I hear you and I'm sorry shit hit the fan for you. Do you have sober buddies from your "AA immersion" days who you can spend time with outside of meetings? Is there a next action item you could take? Sounds like you could use a win. Sometimes my win for the day is just eating a damned salad or cleaning some clothes or doing some small act of kindness for someone...Please hang in there. I get that this is big shit but it's not too big to work through. I'm sending good vibes your way. They may be useless but they're my small act of kindness for the night.
My partner is disabled.  It complicates our relationship a lot...Have you guys tried therapy?
Good luck to you.  Keep posting here and stay active.
