-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3aytnq/i_came_out_to_facebook/

I read an article on Buzzfeed this morning titled "Are You an Alcoholic?" and it really stirred something in me. Certain aspects of the author's experience really mirrored my life as an alcoholic. It got me thinking about what it was like when I was drinking how much I loved and hated my relationship with alcohol and reminded me that others have that experience too (I need to get back to AA meetings for this reminder more frequently)...So with one part selfishness and one part outreach I linked the article to my Facebook profile stated "Hey guys I'm jdee1 and I'm an alcoholic. If you didn't know now you do" and recommended the article to anyone wondering struggling or interested...This felt big to me. It might not be but it felt like it. I'm open about it in person so why not with everyone I've ever known...? Weird move now that I think of it. Nothing left to do but own it...Good day SDers! Keep it sober!..EDIT: Spelling
----------immediate responses--------

I recently did something similar.  About 2 years ago I posted a side-by-side picture of my weight loss (~80 pounds at the time).  Facebook then reminded me this year about my posting two years ago.  So I decided to re-share it and post something along the lines of "It's amazing what quitting drinking eating well and exercising can do".  I got a lot of supportive comments etc.
[deleted]
I think I should do this. I have a hard time saying that word though...that demon is still very big in my head right now and it is telling me that I am NOT "that word" at all and I could drink if I wanted to. I don't think I will tempt fate as this is my 3rd day sober.....I will "come out" when I can I suppose...but not right now...Congrats on your "coming out" though! You are a braver person than I. [[[[Hugs]]]]
It's tough eh? Great job! 
I'm slowing outing myself; because my wife and i have similar friends I need to be careful to not cause her undue stress. But I've thought about taking this approach and perhaps being provided some 12 step opportunities. 
Very brave! I plan to out myself on my one year anniversary. My hope is that I can reach out to any friends that are struggling. I thought I was alone so I'm sure I have friends that feel the same way. 
