-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3aztiu/alcoholic_boyfriend/

So like many others I started dating a guy 3 years ago that had a drinking problem. Of course I didn't know this at first but I noticed he had a problem within month 2-3 out of dating. Besides the drinking thing we are almost perfect together. He got a DUI back in January 2013. I can say with confidence that he has improved in the sense that he hasn't drove drunk once since that happened.  He always arranges rides at bars calls cabs stays the night at friends places or drinks here after he has done any work or errands for the day. He also cut down a lot. He used to wake up hit the hard liquor first thing in the morning and didn't stop drinking until he passed out EVERY SINGLE DAY...Now he has a steady job and only drinks beer in the evenings. I know he is still an alcoholic I'm not in denial and it's still a problem but it is rarely causing us problems. Some other good news is according to his doctor his liver damage has gotten better over the past two years since he cut down so much...Even though most nights he will have 2-4 beers sometimes (usually in the presence of his piece of shit equally as fucked up friends) he will get straight up drunk and it's rather frustrating. At the same time this only happens maybe once a week/every two weeks instead of every day...Problem is he got drunk a few years back and fell into the toilet breaking it. I was mad paid for the damages moved on. But then BAM it happened again last night. Same damn toilet exact same thing happened his wobbly ass fell backwards after getting up from it. Ever since he improved I have kind of been laying off trying not to worry about it it isn't affecting my life he has become functional every day isn't a struggle fine not the ideal situation but our life has improved. But this was a wake up call to me. What will he break next due to being wasted? Will it be next week or 6 months from now? Should I watch every step he takes like a mother and a toddler when he gets too drunk? When he was bad off he put a hole in the wall broke my laptop and broke his own phone. I can't keep just replacing things that he destroys while drunk. This incident has made me seriously contemplate ending this relationship because I just don't want to have deal with this problem even if it is less often...It's also important to note that he refuses to go to rehab or stop altogether and says the only way he would totally write off drinking forever is if I got pregnant (don't worry that isn't happening) ..My thing is even though things have gotten better over the past two years since he refuses to stop all together I just don't want to put up with that shit for the rest my life. He has been brining up marriage and everything and I would marry him in a heart beat if it wasn't for the drinking problem...I'm just afraid that if I do dump him he will spiral downward and end up dead. Even if we aren't together I can't manage to do the whole cold hearted approach "oh well not my problem now" I can't convince him to stop (which is normal the drinker should want to stop himself) but I don't want to live like this anymore even though things have "gotten better" they still aren't good enough. And he still has denial issues blabbering things like "The toilet was a piece of shit anyone could fall on it and break it this happens to sober people it wasn't because I was drunk." I know this is textbook denial and I can't even get him to admit that the toilet wouldn't have broke if he was sober BOTH times...Any advice from recovered alcoholics? Do you think I should just leave and worry about myself? I love the guy but I feel that his drinking will always cause problems even if they are more spaced out as they used to be. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear you're having a rough time.  I only have experience from the other end so my advice would be to post this to /r/AlAnon.  The users there should be much better equipped to help you out.
I left an alcoholic ex and substance abuse runs in my family. Go to an alanon meeting...please. Read books on alcoholism and codependency. Use these resources to decide if you can continue to tolerate his behavior because unfortunately it probably won't stop. 
Not wanting to sound harsh but if you're worried he'd drink himself to death if you leave but you hate his drinking and lack of resolve to quit I'd say your relationship is in danger of souring. You may end up feeling trapped and resentful. I had an ex who started threatening to kill herself so I ended it because emotional blackmail intended or not is a shitty platform. You sound like you have a good grasp of the intricacies of 'our' condition but I concur with the other respondees and would suggest giving AlAnon a shot. All the best.
Danger. Danger. Danger. Alert. Alert. Alert. If his drinking is an issue I would let him know that you're leaving him unless and until he cleans up his act and proves (through actions) that he is committed to a sober lifestyle. If he isn't well then you know that he chose the bottle over you (a common occurrence) and at least you found this out now before wasting time with him. Life is short. It sucks that he has this issue and at least he's trying to cut down but he sounds a lot like I was -- binging in certain environments. Sometimes the best way to get someone to change is to stop enabling. Good luck.
I would drop him like a 2-foot putt.... unless you are Dustin Johnson in the U.S. Open. Then that is a bad analogy. 
Alcoholism is a progressive disease.  It will only get worse.  How do I know because I am an alcoholic.  Your story sound very much like what my wife has had to endure.  I told her up front when we met that I had a alcohol problem.  She accepted this but I eventually got out of control.  Cut back just as your boyfriend did and got out of control again only worse.  I know I can't drink though my scumbag drunk brain tries to convince me I can moderate.  Moderation doesn't work for me cause I am an alcoholic.  I want all the drinks if I get started.  These days I have to look at it as I can have alcohol or I can have everything else.  Wife family job money house car health friends you name it.  Ultimatums rarely work but you may have to issue one and be prepared to walk away.  Good luck to you and your boyfriend.
Most of us didn't stop drinking until there were some kind of consequences or repercussions. And even after there were usually we had to come to the decision ourselves...I'd let your bf know you are concerned and having doubts. It's about as honest as you can be. Even if he isn't ready to stop yet it might make him think a little but more about it. 
I would not stay due to fear of him losing control. That's a bad reason...I think people put up with what they choose to put up with.
I would seek advice from AlAnon. You can't fix him. You need to identify what you can do in this relationship and what you can't. From my perspective it sounds like you're struggling with codependency. I would find an AlAnon meeting or get some info online from AlAnons. If you're not aware AlAnon is a program for people affected by alcoholism friends family and loved ones of alcoholics. They might have more to offer on the issue than we do.
Advice: don't walk...RUN.
