-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3b0bw4/this_time_i_told_my_so_now_theres_two_people_ill/

I've tried to give up off an on. I barely get through a week. So this time I tried something different: I told my SO that I had a problem...She's supportive but that comes at a cost because it means there's someone else I'll let down. Given how many times I've relapsed I'm not sure I can take that...On the one hand I'm hoping the fear of letting her down will keep me going. On the other hand it makes me not want to try...I know how ridiculous this sounds - I'm letting her down every day with my drinking and generally being a shit husband - but now that it's out in the open I feel hyper-vulnerable.
----------immediate responses--------

I know what it's like - I relapsed a lot early on and I was always worried about the "next one." Telling people close to me has actually helped - I got a lot more support...Try to focus on the positive if you can. You're doing the right thing and you're quitting. Self-improvement takes time try to just focus on not drinking today - when you get through today focus on the next day. After a while it'll get easier. ..One day at a time man. Focus on what you need to do today don't stress about relapses that haven't even happened yet.
[deleted]
If you worry about screwing up you will. Focus on being better today than you were yesterday. Then do the same tomorrow...I was in almost the same boat. They say you have to do this for yourself but I had to do it for my wife before I could embrace it for just me. 226 days on I don't know if things between us are recoverable but regardless of what happens I know I'll be able to carry on bettering myself...My advice is to tell even more people if you can. Create accountability for yourself and you'll pull through.
[deleted]
It's good to stay sober for your spouse but in the end it may not be enough. I don't know how many stories I've heard of a dad missing a child's graduation or a mother missing a baseball game. I used to try to stay sober for my family but I would rationalize it away thinking "They won't know about this. I will have stopped before seeing them again." Sometimes I was able to stop drinking before something important happened but more often I didn't...What really helped me was to have a plan and really immerse myself in recovery. I would recommend reading hers every day and making accountability posts when you're feeling super up or really down or if you are considering drinking. Making those posts and calling other alcoholics saved my ass more than once :)
On the day I quit the penny dropped in my head I knew what I needed to do: **stop drinking**. I told my husband and doctor I think the accountability helped saying it out loud like that. I'm so glad that I've not had to let my husband down and that I'm able to look my doctor in the eye. However I'm doing this for me my motivation to change is for me it's taken work though not drinking one day at a time is adding up and it got easier...I owe my early sobriety to sparkling water focusing on my motivation rest breakfast and distraction. My ongoing sobriety to working on my sobriety exercise and creating balance in my life.
