-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3b0hq2/how_to_come_out_as_an_alcoholic/

Hello all-..Been lurking quite some time with several attempts to go sober in the process. One of the things I struggle with most is work related. I work in an environment that is heavily focused on drinking activities to the point where work related gatherings of leaders are all centered around drinking. I've attempted multiple times to moderate at these events; however I fall into the trap we are all probably familiar with where one is just not enough and I inevitably get hammered. What have your experiences been with coming out as a non-drinker to co-workers and bosses in these type of environments?
----------immediate responses--------

For me it was easy: I was pretty overweight.  I didn't say anything to anyone at first but I just started losing weight (exercise eating right).  People started asking how I was losing weight and I told them that the main reason was because I quit drinking.  I *always* got positive responses with that.
I work in a brewery. About as alcohol related as you can get.  The majority of my coworkers my supervisors and managers know I'm an alcoholic and in recovery. Part of my job is to drink in a taste panel which for the past year I've been relieved of in support of my recovery.  As more time has passed nobody says anything except hey hope things are going well.  Honesty is a huge part of recovery for me so I just started with "I quit drinking" at first and then whenever anyone inquired further I let them know I was in recovery and working a program. Not surprisingly it was a much bigger deal in my mind than theirs. Best of luck to you on your journey!
I just had to do this yesterday at a company teambuilding retreat. I've only been there for a month and everyone starting drinking at lunch and into the evening. Each time some of the 22 people caught on that I wasn't drinking I had to say that I don't I quit last year. And when they asked why I said "It wasn't working for me. I had a bit of a problem with it"...That was uncomfortable for me but going into this I knew it would come up so I had resolved to be honest about it. YMMV depending on your situation but people were cool about it and they know my job is about my performance and that I'm not some shady degenerate. I'm just an alcoholic and that's ok.
When I came out of the big gay closet someone who had already done so told me to tell a friend with a big mouth. I did and that took care of most of the legwork. You'll get more comfortable with time. Sometimes it's just nice to be forward to minimize offers. I let it slip all the time for that very reason.
I find there is absolutely no reason to tell people that you are alcoholic. But its your life and your choice.
