-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3b72k8/life_will_always_have_ups_and_downs/

The past week I've been really off. I had to cut off communication with someone I love as it was unhealthy and I deserved better (which I am very proud of at least). I'm not quite as grateful as usual my routine is completely thrown off and I'm sick. I feel very stagnant in my sobriety right now and could use some motivation. I'm feeling myself slip into apathy and just want to have my routine back on track. I usually practice meditation regularly go to meetings work out and am constantly reading material that I could use to grow. No idea what's going on guys! I have to remember that these funks come and go that's just part of life. It worries me when I get this way it's a recipe for relapse. There isn't much of a point to this post. Sobriety isn't always perfect but I'm glad I'm making it through this without a drink. Life will always have ups and downs it's making it through this sober is what's going to support growth. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

    AND HAPPY Cake Day! 
&gt; No idea what's going on..It looks like you have a good idea:..&gt; I had to cut off communication... my routine is completely thrown off and I'm sick...The first is enough to put even the sunniest person into a funk. I'm sorry you had to do that. Add those other factors and I would be in a deep pit. Even in the middle of your funk you recognize that:..&gt; ...these funks come and go... Life will always have ups and downs.....But you are ..&gt; making it through this without a drink...To me it seems like there were lots of points and good ones in your post! ..When I'm down in the dumps I concentrate on doing just a few things. The day is a success if I get them done even if nothing else happens. I know I will get back to life in a few days. I hope things start looking up for you soon.
I hate that I strained my lower back and didn't go to the gym for 4 days on the 3rd day I laid in bed and watched Netflix until I fell asleep. It's like less of a depression and more of a "this doesn't feel normal" funk. That was the day I made a rule for myself no TV until after 7pm. I've watched like a half hour a day and one movie since then. Glad you're keeping sober and happy cake day!
