-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3b8fzg/outpatient/

Many props to this sub and everyone's inspiring stories. I've been a binge drinker for 10 years and a daily black out for 2. I have been trying to get sober in AA and lurking around this sub but I keep relapsing and creating problems. I really want to get better. I am considering outpatient treatment at the recommendation of my sponsor. Did anyone take this route? What was your experience? thanks in advance!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on being willing to even consider going! I struggled with it for months and eventually checked myself in. That was exactly a year ago in 2 days :)..It was an overall good experience for me. I really dove right in and did everything they recommended. Many of the people I met there are still sober. However it really is one of those things that what you get out of it is what you put in. I was desperate to get sober and just couldn't do it. Relapse after relapse this is what ended up working for me. Let me know if you have any specific questions I'll be happy to answer. Best of luck!
I did an outpatient program. I meet with my doc still once a week. It was really helpful my doctor is in recovery as well for about 12 years. He was able to provide some really helpful insight and still does. The one thing with outpatient versus inpatient is that you still have to be more self motivated to do the work I found because at the end of the day you're still living your life but just making trips to the doctor and a couple meetings. I'm not sure if you meant an inpatient rehabilitation where you live with other people getting sober and attend group sessions at the location?
Well you've made some positive progress by attending AA and finding a sponsor.. For me I would do EXACTLY as my sponsor recommends. .Outpatient rehab is very helpful with lots of support education learning how to manage every day life without alcohol in it etc...I strongly recommend it. It helped me a lot.
I had to take some outpatient that was actually court ordered. At first I thought I would hate it but it worked for me far more effectively than AA.  I walked away from it in a better place mentally and physically.  .I had a good leader and we talked frankly about why I drank how much I was drinking how much money I was wasting and many other factors that didn't ever have time to get addressed in AA.  He had me write a "Dear John" letter and create an action plan with activities to do and people to call in a specific order.  .For me outpatient really opened my eyes and a lot more sank in than 12 "religious based steps".  .One of the first things Outpatient also really helped me with is that I DO have the power and tools to overcome and control this thing in my life. There was far less "guilt" in Outpatient.  .Another thing outpatient did really well is gave me more focused attention to issues. There was more time in the 3 hour sessions with less people trying to talk over each other. Instead of waiting for the floor in a large group in AA in only 1 hour.  .It was worth the money per session for me and it didn't break the bank either.
My first IOP experience consisted of listening to a lot of people bitch about their legal issues and trying to figure out who was high. My second IOP experience was 3 hours of people talking about how they were doing plus I saw a shrink every few days. I have done IOP for mental health issues numerous times and my addictions IOPs were just kinda underwhelming.
