-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bajad/binge_eating_almost_as_bad_as_binge_drinking/

Hi soberinos. I'm still sober and feeling fine overall although I am struggling with the slowness of the passage of time and an all consuming loneliness which lingers even when out and about doing fun sober activities with genuine friends. Yesterday I ate so much junk I thought I had a hangover when I woke up today. I wanted to drink beers all day and it was all I could do to just spend that usual Friday alcohol fund on film food. I ate a lot I'm talking 10 000 calories plus of refined sugars and palm oils. This morning I am finishing off everything I was too sick to eat last night. I can see this developing into a bad cycle. Is this common?....TL;DR - Ate a lot of shit. Feel shitty. Want to do it again.
----------immediate responses--------

My addictive ability has variety and yea sometimes it's whack a mole...Booze and drugs gotta be tackled first - but quality of recovery or life suffers if gambling puts you in deep debt to guys named knuckles or sex extreme sports exercise - give up apartment and live at the gym or even work (as socially acceptable as that may be)... AND FOOD.   same underlying issues. Different bandaid. That's why AA has steps 2-12.   There are other paths but we have to deal with the root causes of our addiction....
I ate so much food for the first 4 weeks and my appetite started getting back to normal. It's not healthy but a Big Mac won't get you a DUI. I found hitting the gym and exercising helped at least keeping me from gaining weight and helped decreased depression and anxiety that comes with early sobriety. Increased appetite is pretty normal though you'll have time to deal with that and most likely it's not gonna be a long term thing. You stopped drinking extra carbs and calories and you're body is just saying WTF where's that stuff you used to feed me dude.
NO.  No binge eating is not as bad as binge drinking.  I never drove a car into the rear of another car in an automated carwash on potato chips.  I never went to prison on a pint of ice cream...Of course compulsive eating is a SERIOUS disorder that should not be ignored but we shouldn't minimize our obligation to deal with first things first.  
I've been very careful with eating right since getting sober as I've been eating disordered in the past and am aware that both problems share common triggers for me. I reconnected with the CBT workbook I used to stay vigilant for me the solution to a slip on eating was getting right back to "normal eating" immediately. These days I eat broadly to plan regardless of whether I'm hungry or not. I buy healthy I don't tend to buy refined sugars my diet is quite low GI. I stick with a commitment to "normal" eating - not under or overeating. I start with oatmeal for breakfast it sets up my day right. In the evening once I've eaten if I'm still hungry I may have a bit of dark chocolate. Beyond that I can just tell myself I have had enough. I find herbal teas or sparkling water make a good substitute activity. And moderate exercise is important for me it's the other side of the coin it helps me view food as my fuel and is part of my commitment to healthy living...Tl;dr for me..Alcohol: abstinence sparkling water..Eating: "normal" eating..Both: CBT / tackling underlying problems balanced lifestyle herbal tea
I am now working on losing all the weight I gained while being sober. The recovery belly was well worth it since I am generally a more happier and friendlier person. You dwelling into comfort food is nothing out of the ordinary. 
I would keep an eye on it but not worry for a while. 10k calories is a large surplus but as long as it's not a regular thing I don't think you'll have a problem. Watch out for the long term cycle of your eating. If I'm not careful I get into the cycle of extreme calorie restriction for a few days binging regret repeat. It is very similar to the drinking cycle and not healthy but it's still probably better than drinking alcohol at least in my opinion. 
I totally understand you. I'm just starting and I find myself going to the fridge and just staring in there. I usually realize I'm just boredom eating and walk away with a glass of water. ..Carbonated water does work really well but make sure to wash it down with regular water since it's still acidic on your teeth. ..Also I find low calories snacks like lightly salted popcorn can occupy my mind well.
When I first quit drinking I got what I call "The Hunger".  I was waking up at all hours of the night to shove skittles and hot cheetos into my mouth.  It was ridiculous.  It stopped eventually.  It helps to get rid of the junk and only buy healthy snacks.  But yeah alcohols = sugars/carbs/calories right?  So you quit the booze and your body says GIVE ME SUGARS/CARBS/CALORIES!!!!!..I think the whole thing lasted about 2 months and then I decided "enough of this we're going to eat healthy...Now I'm 7 months pregnant and "The Hunger" has returned.  Except I don't want the skittles and hot cheetos anymore.  I want a steak dinner with baked potatoes every time I wake up to pee XD
