-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bblh9/relapsed_time_to_get_up_and_try_again/

I went out with a friend last night. Things got a little out of hand. I'm usually good at resisting peer pressure but I ran into some old friends I used to drink with and things got out of control...It turned into me getting pretty drunk and having to get a ride home nothing bad happened at all but that's not what matters. I ended up meeting a girl or two and got some numbers but I hate feeling sore today and not being able to think straight. This wasn't a bad relapse but it was a relapse. I'm going to start going back to AA and look into some therapy options on Monday. ..I'm also not going to go out anymore. It's too risky. At least for another year. I'm so sad that I threw away 156 days for this shit. But that's just a number I know I've grown and I really actually had a good time last night I just know I can have a better time without alcohol. Alcohol terrifies me. I will not drink today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Aw your posts have been so positive this was very unexpected. ..Sounds like you have a plan to stop this. 
We mess up just get back on that wagon and try again. Keep on trying. I am no saint but when I am I try to get nice "virgin" cocktails. It seems getting more fancy drinks is a good placebo. Anyway wish you the best.
Some [words of wisdom](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/39rbie/learning_who_you_truly_are_or_could_be_and_how/) from a thread I have saved for a rainy day should I ever stumble - from a redditor who had their cap screwed on right. These words resonated for me when I read them I hope they bring you strength too. Glad to hear you're looking into extra support...&gt; Even if we stumble we must get up and go on. .....&gt; you can't let others bring you down. There will always be a friend or coworker or something that wants you to drink. That's their path not yours. Stay strong. .....&gt; I have a distinct picture of what sobriety is. I fucking love it too. I want to live this way from now on.
&gt;Alcohol terrifies me...I once wrote a single sentence on a piece of paper so I wouldn't forget the thought: "Alcohol scares me." And you know what? It still does.
I feel really lucky that my drinking was really bad because before when I was quitting drinking I couldn't shut the door on it totally...Whatever has happened to me the door is shut.  Yeah sure it's still dangerous and sobriety is still an every day consideration but I feel comfortable as hell with it...Then again now that I'm back home a friend asked me out last night... to go bar hopping in shitty taverns.  I said "you know that would be agony for me."  But once I get my DL I could imagine going to a jazz club somewhere decent and being the designated driver... back in the day we were never able to drive home so we were stuck in the local scene.  I really feel like I'd be comfortable with going somewhere that the activity isn't *just* drinking and maybe pool...I think about people who seem to be getting off the alcoholism route earlier than I did.  I think you have a harder job to "get convinced" as I call it.  However even as bad as I got I wasn't convinced that I needed or could or wanted to stop drinking alcohol totally... I kind of *wanted* to want to but I mainly started going to AA because I couldn't buy my own coffee...Eventually I met a former drinker with 30 years of sobriety and he was so cool it was the first time I saw the possibility light up in my head... that hey I could be a former drinker like this jolly genius with a kickass sense of humor that I met at the AA meeting.  He was HAVING FUN...I went through my first year finding ways to still have fun and I'm still working at my own comfort level... but it's getting pretty easy 3 years on...You liked it... you had a good time.  Last time I drank was a good night too.
I relapsed yesterday too. A couple slipups prior to that I had six months.... I was so sad to throw that away. But I'm so glad you're getting back up and still trying. Alcohol is terrifying and I won't drink today either. Lots of love.
Fall down six times. Get up seven. 
The way you describe what happens sticks in my head. You said you weren't able to resist the lure of friends. I'm wondering if you were relying just on that--your ability to resist--will power in other words--rather than a specific plan for not drinking. My will power--alone--always eventually failed. Realizing you may have left out these details I'm still curious.
