-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bdl4z/i_am_so_discouraged_right_now/

I'm a singer. I gig at a few different hotels and restaurants. Last night I drank at my gig. I had shots of Jameson after this guy I used to date walked in. He was all drunk and being super annoying. I know that that was a trigger for me but obviously not and excuse. I can't stop gigging at these places because I'm trying to make this my full time career... but it would be really nice to be able to adhere to the "sober people sober places" thing...I don't know what to do. I need to tell my bandmates that I'm trying to be sober I know that will help but I'm so afraid of the judgement. I'm so afraid that if I relapse again they will see me as a failure or not take me seriously. FUCK.
----------immediate responses--------

Some of the things I was afraid of before I got sober were really just excuses I was using to avoid the terrifying idea of living without booze and drugs.
Well you definitely have good reasons to not relapse. Is there any way you can get some sober friends to come and support you at your gigs??..I just saw the Fixx (pretty big in the 80's) at a little place called the Coach House (So Cal). The lead singer said "I kind of envy you all with your drinks but it's only water for me these days" as he takes a swig from his water bottle. It felt like him and I were the only ones not drinking. (warning: being around a lot of drinking is obviously not recommended for newcomers). Singing is his full time career. He's around all that drinking constantly but the guy is clearly doing a good job of staying sober because he sang those songs as good as he did in the 80's!..And if not for the music I would have no other reason to be there and wouldn't. I certainly don't go for the food. :)
The great thing about leaving out alcohol from music is that you'll become a better performer. I'm a musician and my live shows are so much more precise after quitting drinking -- no sloppiness or misjudged notes or behaviors. 
You slipped. It happens. Very few of us stayed sober the first time we got sober. ..A slip doesn't have to be a fall. You can catch yourself. Reset your badge start again from day one. Think about the chain of events that led to drinking try to avoid them again. ..I think it would be a good idea to tell your bandmates just to get it out. ..I also think it would be a great idea to seek some support from other sober alcoholics. www.AA.org lists meetings near you. I recommend you try all the meetings you can get to and keep going back to your favorites. Meetings can vary widely in format and personality so try a bunch. 
I'm just going to put this here because I find it so inspiring:..[List of famous teetotalers.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_teetotalers) ..If people like Lana Del Rey Jeff Tweedy Tilda Swinton and Tom Waits are sober then we are in some damn fine company. 
I had a horrible gig last night. What I did have was an escape plan. ..Keeping the intermission short and working the merch (keep busy) seems to help some. 
