-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bi2fw/back_after_another_relapse/

Feel ashamed to admit and somehow powerless but had another relapse after 300 days of sobriety and more than 450 days after my first attempt. ..So combined nearly 800 daily commitments of not drinking. I'm proud of those days and really missed them during my relapse. It's absolutely not worth it and I feel like shit today. I'm starting my new job on Wednesday so I hope the fog clears till then and my blood pleasure is back on a normal level.
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you feel better soon! 800 days total is a great achievement I would be proud! 
Welcome back!
you inspired me to write a lengthy response which I put in a separate [post](http://redd.it/3bi8k7)..Welcome back
Wecome Back!
What is your plan now? (other than hope)...What will you do differently to avoid another relapse?.
Welcome back. I feel your pain.. I lost the blessing of two separate one year anniversaries before this one. The first time I had eighteen months. That hurt. I was so sad and all that I wanted was my count back. Keep coming back. Sobriety is a journey not a destination. You'll get back up in days. I started this one on day one same as you. Thank you for sharing I needed this. Peace and good vibes.
Welcome back.  I'm here with you.  I made it almost 8 months before a relapse for the last month or so.  As of Saturday at 5pm I was 24 hours sober.  Relapsing wasn't as much fun as I thought it would be.  Actually it wasn't fun at all and it's amazing how quickly it escalated.  On Sept 22 2014 it was my first time ever trying to get sober so I'm very disappointed in my relapse but I'm moving forward and going to a meeting tonight with my sponsor.  Good luck to you!
Welcome welcome. You should be proud on those days. Practice some self-compassion we're all human. I'm sure you're a fantastic one. Have a good day!
Welcome back! So glad you got here...Thank you so much for posting this. This could be my post next week. The temptation suddenly after more than 300 days has raised it's head like a beast reborn for me. It's been a hard few days and I thank you so much for being brave enough to share this and for maybe preventing others from letting their guard down. Like me.  Thanks. I hope you hang around for a long time.
Glad you are here.
