-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bogrw/kicking_the_cancer_sticks_to_boot/

After a solid 2 months of being sober I decided it was time to give up smoking as well. It got to a point where I was justifying my smoking habit by saying "Well I'm not drinking now so I can cash in that benefit to my health for the ability to keep smoking." And honestly that was fine for a time. Sobriety was the most important thing for me to achieve...Like I said it WAS fine... Then about two weeks ago I had enough sober time under my belt that I was able to ask myself "Ok you're sober now. What do you want to DO with it?" The answer was something extremely liberating - a goal. I forgot how awesome it is to have a goal that you can work on achieving on a day-by-day basis something that makes getting up in the morning a pleasure and allows me to go to sleep at night feeling like I accomplished something. For me the goal was simple - get healthy. And the low hanging fruit on that "healthy" tree is to ditch the smokes. If nothing else every day that I manage to keep my lungs clean is an accomplishment. On top of that I can exercise for longer than 20 minutes now without feeling like walking death (exercise is actually incredibly enjoyable now) and I've only been smoke free for a little over a week. ..I'm posting this here (and not in /r/stopsmoking) because I would not be doing this if I hadn't first gotten serious about sobriety and SD has been a HUGE source of support in that. Since I've taken so much away from your stories whether they be those of success or struggle I thought I'd contribute my own perspective. Thanks SD!
----------immediate responses--------

*clap clap clap clap* YAY!!! :)
This is awesome news so pleased for you! You'll be reaping the benefits in all respects health wise and financially. Hey dj we're nearly twins :)
Just a word of caution I tried to stop smoking once tandem with not drinking it didn't end well (I still smoke but don't drink). ..It was really just the aggravation caused by not smoking that led me back to drinking. I wish you the best of luck I wish I didn't smoke either but not drinking is the most important fire to put out now. I'll get to it someday
Good luck and let me know how it goes man once I get a little sobriety under my belt that's exactly what I'll be doing too
I stopped two months in. .Never looked back. ..
For me it was the opposite. Smoking needed to go asap (over two packs a day in one of the most expensive states for it too!). Sober and not smoking is a killer combo. For me the two held unique challenge and I think in the end both will have the same thing pushing them to success - learning and lifestyle changes. I would say to treat this as seriously as you did drinking. ...If you have any questions let me know! Good luck! 
I read this as cancer sticking to your boot and I was super confused.....ha ha ha! Good luck to you!!! 
I quit smoking 2 months before I quit drinking its been the best 2 decisions I have made in my life.
[deleted]
Quitting cigarettes was hard for me. I'm 15 years off them now and all forms of tobacco + nicotine. I quit cold turkey (many times). I would quit for a whole year (a promise) and light up on day 366. Did 2 years like that if you can believe it. After the 2nd year I was at a gas station filling up realizing I had made it another year and knowing there was a ministore full of smokes and I thought "Do I really want to go down this same path again?" That's when I said fuck it and promised for a lifetime commitment. Had many dreams smoking. Part of my brain was dying for that fix. Now I can't stand cigarette smoke. I have 0% cravings for it. Took a long time...What my point is I think alcohol might be the same way with me. It might take several years before the cravings finally are non-existent. I'm not there yet but I am patient and I've been through this kindof addiction before. In some ways though alcohol is harder to quit because its socially acceptable where as smoking has gone to something thats not socially acceptable...Good luck quitting both. But if you have to throw one under the bus to sacrifice for the other I would smoke before I would drink. Drinking is one scary monster for me.
I quit them about 60 days ago and I should have done it long ago. Best thing you can do for yourself.
Cheering from Minneapolis! I quit chewing tobacco (I know...I know...its disgusting) and had to 12 step myself through the first week or so and guess what? IT WORKED!! tobacco free 3 weeks now. I do occasionally miss it but I like having my jaw and mouth intact and cancer free more! 
