-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3brzr8/drinking_is_just_not_who_i_am_anymore/

I don't really miss the alcohol I miss the good times I think. I miss the parties I guess or what the fuck ever my alcoholic brain does to rationalize the drunken nights but the never worth it drama and blacked out memories....I like being in control of my life to a degree. I know when I am sober and aware that I am sober and aware. I won't do things out of my very nature I can maintain good composure and build relationships in my life not break them down...I don't have 156 days next to my name anymore but I feel like my mentality hasn't wavered at all- alcohol is not my friend. It may be for some but for me it will lead me down a path of stupidity wickedness and betrayal...It's ruined my relationships in the past for years made me lose friends and family. In the past 5 months I've built more than the last few years. I know I fell but I'm getting back up again and not going to drink. ..I just want people to know that relapsing isn't the end game. We all make mistakes. It should be avoided but in my relapse I found that once again I really just didn't enjoy alcohol anymore. I've grown out of desiring it now it just wants to keep me captive. I'm sure you all can relate....And that takes time to be free of its chains on our lives. We may even fall victim to it again. But in all honesty sobriety is worth it...So here's to 4 days let's do this
----------immediate responses--------

You've put my own thoughts into words my mind just couldn't find! Thank you for this post! Congrats on 4 days keep it up!
Before my 106 days i also had a good deal of sobriety to my name... i also drank and then was like why? Why did I do that? It wasn't enjoyable it didn't make me feel good. I realized on the last relapse which was only a glass of wine on my moms bday (i still haven't told anyone in my family just my husband and one friend).... and i was like this makes me sick. this makes me tired. why did i do this?..like you - this isn't me anymore. ..so much congrats. It was honestly one of the best feelings to know that's just not what i want to do anymore. ..Happy 4 days! 
Thank you.
What in the world makes you think that you need alcohol to have a good time?  Or to go to parties?  I stopped over 7 years ago and still go to parties and have a better time than when I was drinking.  Do you honestly miss being out of control making bad decisions or feeling sick the next day?  
