-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bwomw/day_4_still_strong_also_less_bloated_feeling/

My sleep is still sucky but Im doing just fine. Ive been drinking tons of water and tea because I feel like I need something to drink. And chewing gum a lot which isnt normal for me but it seems to keep my mouth busy. ..I was a pretty heavy drinker. I havent lost any weight bc it's only been 4 days but I do feel less bloated and fat...Its been doubly hard because SO is still a heavy drinker so I may start attending SMART meetings to maybe connect with some people and have people to talk to. SO isnt ready to quit but I ~~am~~ have...I wake up feeling better and more accomplished. Im also much more productive. I realised that all the things I do during downtime are watch tv anyway which I can totally do sober. Alcohol doesnt enhance tv in anyway. ..I am a little nervous about 4th of July bc I have a bbq to attend at in-laws and they usually have wine but I wont drink. If it's too much I may just not attend...Anyway what are your struggles issues victories this week?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Firstc'mon grants on your sobriety! Keep it up! And just be the best friend and cheerleader you can to your SO. And for the parties if you can stand being around people drinking(most don't recommend it for such a short time as you've got) just remember to say " I'm not drinking today/tonight/right now doctors orders".  .Now struggles: I think about drinking everyday that has not changed for me so I would say that's a struggle. Also keeping my mouth shut when you're being annoying is a struggle.  .*   Issues: I've got plenty but I'm working on me a lot right now. Most of the time what I'm finding is pretty ugly- and it's all in the mirror. But I can fix that with work and staying connected to the people in my life who have had success with their sobriety.  .*   Victory: hmmmm let's see. My 24 year old son confessed to me last week that he doesn't like drinking anymore that he doesn't like who he becomes when he drinks and that he's going to stop. The victory is that I kept my mouth shut and let him do the talking because "I'm your dad and don't you know I'm twice as old and I've been there and you should do XY &amp; Z if you wanna quit drinking and bah blah blah" Nope.  I shut my fucken mouth and I let him get his shit off his chest- and we were both better for it. He even ended by asking me about meetings and I know that wouldn't have happened if I'd started  laying into his ass about what to do and how to do'it. 
Hey /u/sweetpea122--my 4th of July plan is to go to bed sober tonight plan to commit to staying sober all day tomorrow and I will deal with July 4th on the morning of July 4th.
my sleep has sucked for my entire life even as a toddler. i'm a diagnosed insomniac. but even i find small relief with melatonin pills i promise it's completely non habit forming and for people without insomnia it provides great sleep. you can get it from riteaid or cvs. ..YAY SMART!!!! i love their approach..so i still have not told freinds or family i just... i dunno. i don't want to. so i just say "i'm eating and drinking clean focusing on my health". trust me no one cares that you're not drinking..My victory -- after 3 months of being sober i can be around people drinking and be turned OFF by it. i no longer find it tempting to be stumbling around slurring my speech and vomiting!!!!..i've lost 40/80 lbs i want to lose since jan and i'm still trending down..best of luck sweatpea.
I've also noticed I'm not so puffy!
