-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3bxzy1/taking_a_mini_vacation_night_1_sober_dont_panic/

Hi Sobernauts..Mouse and Spouse have had a total of one night of "vacation" in the past year and with all of the ups and downs about two weeks ago I was ready to break down....so (being the brilliant person I am) I decided we would go away for 3 nights to a beach in driving distance. Over the 4th of July weekend. ..The last time we took a one night mini vacation to the vacation (in October. brrr) was about a week or two before Spouse was diagnosed with cancer.  He was sick on that trip and tired and weak.  We had no idea it was leukemia.  I remember struggling and talking to my sponsor on the phone (4.5 months sober) about how my brain said "I'm on vacation! I should be drinking!" and how I felt cheated that I couldn't have a fruity rum drink or something.  ..The next morning I woke up early on a Sunday...hubby woke up early too...and we were able to watch the sun rise from the boardwalk with hot tea/coffees in hand.  ..There were many months where we both thought that one memory might be our last vacation memory together.  ..So....this time I decided I HAD to get out of town for a while.  Hubby's health has wavered but we saw his Dr. on Monday and his Dr. is happy with his progress overall.  Unfortunately we've both had colds for a week.  Hubby is still super fatigued and we both have coughs...but we're away for a little while damnit and we're going to have fun.  Screw you common cold!..Tonight we drove half way between home and our beach location had steamed blue crabs for dinner (OMG yum) at a favorite spot and are staying in a hotel about an hour from the beach.  Cheaper option plus we got to eat a delicious meal.  I'm pretty sure I drank a whole pitcher of iced tea.  ..Did I think about alcohol tonight?  Yes.  I remembered that I used to order a signature drink at tonight's restaurant fruity tasting but made of about 6 different types of alcohol and limited to 2 per person. (I always found a way around that).  It isn't on the menu anymore.  I don't miss the inevitable hangover and the crabs were just as delicious.  ..Hubby is sleeping already but I figured I'd post here.  So it is my 2nd "mini vacation" in sobriety.  First time was at 4.5 months sober.  This time I'm at 13.5 months sober and a hundred years older it feels.  So much has changed since that one night in October and my view on life and how precious it is has really changed.  ..If I had caved in and drank those rum drinks on my one night in October I'd certainly never have been awake to watch the sunrise with my Spouse.  If he had died of cancer I'd have been left with my last "vacation memory" being a(nother) drunken night and a hangover and regrets.  ..Tonight I'm going to bed hoping that we both will feel better for the next 3 days so we can enjoy this rare respite from work home doctors and hospital/bloodwork visits.  So far we've had a nice drive while listening to Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy on audiobook and a delicious meal.  Tomorrow?  That is another day...wide open and full of potential....and probably lots more iced tea...Don't panic!  And always remember your towel.  (And read Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy to get the reference.)...Stay sober my friends.  ..Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

This seriously brought tears to my eyes. I am so happy your hubby is still here with you and you have 0 regrets about that night in October...this has really inspired me to keep on keeping on. I'm young but my husband could be taken tomorrow by anything and I don't want to be blacked out during my last day/night with him. God bless you you rock.
Nonny I'm so glad your hubby is doing well. You have been such an inspiration the way you have kept working your program through all of this. You are a beacon of hope in the unfashionable end of the western spiral arm of the galaxy.
Awesome post! You deserve some time away
You wear those one hundred years very well my friend.
