-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3c487v/unfortunate_relapse/

I recently set my record for not drinking it was entirely down to this sub - this is a wonderful place..Unfortunately for no reason I finished work last Friday and hit the bar big style. It's been a very messy week since then I've been wasted every night sleeping in for work losing money at the casino and generally upsetting people with some very extreme behavior ..I'm hoping I can try again and get a good number of days under my belt. I don't want to end up doing the same thing again though if I do end up having a night out after a while..Wish I didn't like the stuff so much and I still had the off switch I had a few years ago..Sorry for the rambling I hope I can get myself out of this hole I've dug myself
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Unfortunately..You made a choice.  Fortune has little to do with it.  ..Why did you go to a bar after work?  Why did you then buy alcohol?  Why did you then put that alcohol to your mouth?  Why did you then swallow?..Wishing and hoping are not going to do anything.  Paying attention to ones thoughts observing ones actions owning ones decisions and otherwise being mindful gives one power to obtain and maintain sobriety...Posting here shows that you have started this process of self awareness.  Keep going!
[deleted]
I am not drinking TODAY fortune will play no role in that decision.  Alcohol will not magically appear in my hand or near my mouth all day.
&gt; Wish I didn't like the stuff so much and I still had the off switch I had a few years ago..Wishing I could control my drinking did nothing good for me. I had to acknowledge to accept that I could no longer control my drinking. That was reality the world as it actually was...Accepting that left me with a choice -  either I could either choose to keep drinking alcoholically with all the horrible shit that comes with that or I could stop entirely. Those were the only two options open to me - all or nothing.
