-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3c8amw/111111_365_days/

I am one year sober today. I'm surprised I'm not a bit more celebratory. Truth be told I almost missed this date completely. I haven't had the urge to touch a drop in quite some time and just don't think about it much anymore; I can't even remember the last time I stopped by this subreddit. Which is a good thing I suppose! ..This past year had high points and tremendous low points. We're all familiar with withdrawal. Mine was especially bad with repeated anxiety/panic attacks like I hadn't felt in quite some time. Those dissipated for a few months and I finally got a job and moved up to Washington state where I had always wanted to be; the panic flared up again in force this past February after losing that job that I had been so very excited for. I am only barely starting to feel significant recovery from that but there have been points of self-discovery that may never have happened otherwise. Throughout the whole ordeal alcohol was never a possibility in my mind. For that I am grateful...=====..I wish I had more advice for you guys. The withdrawal and anxiety I felt were a pretty damn good motivator to keep me away from alcohol so I didn't struggle too much with relapse. I guess if there's one thing I might suggest it's to avoid dwelling on time. One year ago I was reading up on withdrawal and PAWS and spent so much brainpower obsessing over those timelines. It was undoubtedly feeding negativity to my already horrendously frayed nerves and it perpetuated this idea of "I'm never getting better. This will last forever." I looked at everyone's badges and 90 days felt so far away. 180 was unthinkable. Yet here I am now 365 days later. I took up meditation and have done so for 98 straight days. I highly recommend it as it can really help you distance yourself from negative thoughts and feelings (and thus cravings). I run 3-4 days a week and play some tennis other days. My life isn't perfect isn't exactly where I want it to be but I take heart in knowing that every day I have done a little something to get better. And all those days really really do add up. 1+1+1+.....Be well friends.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome! Congrats! One heartbeat at a time!  
[deleted]
Hey congratulations an invite to join us on /r/dinos will shortly follow in your inbox.
This is awesome. Congratulations!
Way to go bro! You earned this high point.
Excellent job sir!..Its hard sometimes to keep ourselves reminded of how bad things can get. You really got my nervous system rattled and reminded me of how deep the pain really was.
Thank you! I like this perspective. 
What a great post! Thank you for sharing. When you wrote about being obsessed with timelines I was actually wondering what your timeline was when it came to anxiety because damn it I want this anxiety to end. You are absolutely right!..Congrats and thank you for sharing and inspiring me :)
[deleted]
Congrats!
Congratulations!
Yay congratulations :)
Congratulations! Keep it up one day at a time. Thanks for reminding me by the way.
Congratulations.
Being a programmer/math oriented person this 1+1+1 ... outlook really struck home with me. Congratulations and sincerely thank you for sharing.
Congratulations. Just remember this battle is not over keep your guards up - always.
Congrats you tremendous warrior! You indomitable creature! A whole year is so damn epic. I'm sitting here at 47 days a few away from my previous record of 51 and I can hardly believe that because it has been so elusive for so long. A year is a whole other beast for me right now but seeing your post lets me know I can do it too. ..&gt;moved up to Washington state where I had always wanted to be..That is especially poignant to me as I had been planning a move to a place I've yearned (not to be melodramatic but it is a proper yearning) to be for nigh on a decade now and I'm going to have to put it off for a while longer I think. It's crushing but you reminded me that in a year's time I will be in an amazing place and I won't be taking as many fears and concerns with me. Thank you...Congrats again.
There goes my hero
Awe-some!
Yayayayayayayay!!! So happy for you!!:-)
