-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3c8mq4/naltrexone_and_the_sinclair_method/

I have tried to abstain a number of times.  I've gone to meetings taken up exercise yoga meditation you name it.  I always relapse.  ..I recently read [The Cure for Alcoholism](http://www.amazon.com/The-Cure-Alcoholism-Medically-Eliminate/dp/1937856135) and decided to give it a try.  I won't bore you with the details but the idea is that you take a single dose of Naltrexone at least one hour before you plan to drink then drink as you wish.  Chemically this slowly erases your desire to drink by a process called "pharmacological extinction."..I like that it is backed by science and the medical community and practiced regularly in a number of Scandinavian countries which to be honest have far better health care and attitudes about health care than here in the U.S...I've been doing this for a week now and it's pretty amazing what this medicine does to my desire to drink.  I get through half to one beer and then I'm just not interested any longer.  It completely removes the warm glowing feeling you get from that first drink and the rest become...unnecessary.  I guess this is what it feels like for "normal" drinkers...Anyway wish me luck.  The goal is still to become completely free of alcohol; just a different means of getting there.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck...those that have tried it and posted here have all disappeared...we can *assume* they are "cured" and no longer need to participate in /r/stopdrinking (or any other sub on reddit for that matter)...or they failed and have abandoned their account...Good luck keep us posted.
I like what alcohol does to me (well I liked it) so I would have just stopped taking a pill that made me like it less. Seems like a very temporary roundabout solution to a very obvious problem.
[deleted]
Glad to hear it's going well for you! ..I initially went to the Dr for a Naltrexone prescription to try Sinclair method  but the doctor wouldn't give it to me until I'd tried Campral  and that seemed to work (I've stopped drinking completely on the Campral). For me  this has worked out better as I have a lot of anxiety and think I'd stress out about how Naltrexone blocks opiate receptors  but that's just my crazy head. ..Thanks for posting  please continue to update us as I'd be very interested to see how you go! 
Congrats on finding a method that's working better for you than your previous attempts! While I'm not at a point where I feel the need to use it I've been reading up on Scandinavian alcoholism treatments as well and am really interested to hear about your experience with it.
Good luck and keep us updated!  I've read and heard a lot about the success of Naltrexone and Vivitrol in clinical trials and like you said in Western Europe...
