-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3cwpsn/one_year_life_is_good_i_hope_this_inspires_someone/

It took me four serious tries to make it a year.   By "serious" I mean that I had four sober periods that lasted longer than 1 month and one that lasted nine months.   I say this because if you have relapsed -- which was a crushingly demoralizing and painful thing for me -- all is not lost.   Put on the brakes TODAY.  It is not too late.   Not in the slightest...If you have flirted with quitting maybe making it three days or a week here and there but always going back to booze... I lived that way for five years.   Going back to booze usually felt like a weird victory ("Yay!  I don't have to quit!") but deep down I was doing very serious damage to my psyche and self-esteem.  I was training myself in powerlessness.  It affected every aspect of my life.   I taught myself that life sucks and there was nothing I could do about it so I might as well stay drunk.  If this sounds even slightly familiar to you please talk to someone who has quit just as soon as you possibly can.  This is a terrible way to live and you do NOT have to do it.   You really don't.   No one does. ..And finally if you are drinking all the time with no real interest in the "impossibility" of quitting but you ended up on this sub because you are vaguely curious... I lived that way for ten years.   I invite you to fantasize about quitting.   You probably believe that drinking gives you happiness (at least a little at least for a short time) but imagine if you could get a more-lasting happiness some other way for free without hangovers without calories without fatigue without shame without endangering the lives of everyone around you.   I'm sure you think that's impossible (I did) which is why I'm asking you to fantasize.   Just imagine how great it would be.   Please.  Wallow in that feeling for a minute or two...If you did allow yourself to imagine it then I believe you have taken the first step to quitting and a much much better life.  Because it is NOT impossible.  It is just a long path through the woods and you can't see the end from the beginning.   All you need to do is keep walking...Thank you to everyone here you have helped me more than you will ever know...PS   Read Alan Carr's book.  
----------immediate responses--------

High-five!..Congrats on the year great work and great post.
[deleted]
Congratulations on one year! I'm with you 100% getting drunk everyday is a terrible way to live &amp; I am so grateful that I don't have to live like that today. Thanks for sharing your experience!
Great great post! I've relapsed quite a few times myself but I feel like I've learned something every time. Thank you for sharing and congratulations on 1 year!
Congratulations on one year!
Congratulations! What an awesome post so inspiring. So much of myself in here you've helped me get through today :)
&gt;I was training myself in powerlessness...This is incredible. The fuckits are such a feedback cycle that it's hard to break out of it. "Well I've already had one. May as well finish the job" so easily turns into "I blew it last night. Let's get started again." After drinking away my 20's and having four or five hard relapses since I first reached out for help I never want to go back to that hell. No way am I drinking today.
Congratulations! And you inspired me. I'm sure a lot of readers will be too.
That was a nice read thank you definitely inspiring. I have the audio version of Alan Carr's book and I love listening to it when I'm taking a walk. It really helped me reframe my thoughts about how I viewed alcohol. Congrats on 1 year! :-)
Thanks.  Posts like this help a lot.  I've quit dozens of times only to delude myself that I fixed the problem and could drink again.  I don't know what clicked this time actually I do - it was the way I treated someone that I love while drunk - but I'm committed to sobriety this go around.  ..In the meantime I've had so much coffee that my head is going to explode.  
Very tempting post.  The wallowing and the impossibility are truly a myth. It doesn't HAVE to be that way. I hope the way you wrote this convinces somebody who isn't sure because you describe exactly how I've felt once I truly believed it was time to change. ..I totally recommend the Allen Carr book to get in the right frame of mind if you are just starting out.  ..Somebody read this very tempting post today and start making your life better. You won't regret it.  ..Love it. 
Super inspiring post. Thanks for this contribution and congrats on a whole year.
Awesome! Will you share what worked for you? Obviously SD but what else did you do?..Great to read this today will read it again later today when I'm feeling stressed :)
Fantastic advice and a huge congrats on one year! I'm right behind you. :D
Congratulations!!! Thanks for the good read too. 
The title of this post alone inspires me!
&gt;I taught myself that life sucks and there was nothing I could do about it so I might as well stay drunk. If this sounds even slightly familiar to you please talk to someone who has quit just as soon as you possibly can. ..You sound just like me down to your quitting history. I felt this way and realized I hated myself for some reason. I was poisoning myself. Everything about my attitude had to do with self-hate. Once I knew I was thinking that way it was much easier to change my thinking. 
Congratulations on reaching a year you magnificent human being. Thanks for sharing. It really does make a difference. 
Really inspiring thanks for sharing. I've only quit once and never relapsed yet  (knock on wood) but I wonder sometimes about what that would be like. I feel like your post helps me understands that in some way so I've saved it :)
&gt;This is a terrible way to live and you do NOT have to do it. You really don't. No one does...Yes yes yes! I refuse to live that way. I reject that life and substitute my own!
I've read this three times today. Thank you so much for the post...&gt; Going back to booze usually felt like a weird victory..It's unbelievable how we all think so much alike even though the thoughts are so irrational. 
Congrats on a year! Great post :-)
Very inspiring. Thank you...I looked up Carr's book and just bought it. Looking forward to reading it. 
Thank you for your inspiring words and congratulations!
Thank you for your inspiring words and congratulations!
Congratulations!  What a huge accomplishment.
&gt;I lived that way for ten years. I invite you to fantasize about quitting...Wow. Great words. Thanks for these. 
