-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3cwvbw/blackout_message_from_drunken_me/

My wife wanted me to stop. I had blackouts all the time. I spent tons of time thinking about how to justify/sneak my next helping of booze. Then I'd sit in the basement in front of the computer and get wasted. Every. Single. Day...I'd been struggling with depression and working on that with a counselor. Things were getting better. I was feeling more validated at work and not as depressed but I was still drinking...One night I wrote myself an email where I said "Hey - you probably don't remember writing this." I told myself about the wife confronting me on drinking again. I told myself about websites I visited things I did. What I continued to drink. I was right. I didn't remember a bit of it. Drunk me reached out to sober me...If anything that was the final nudge I needed but I'd been working toward not drinking for a while...You need to want to not drink. You need to make the decision. I'm 15 days in and feeling better than I have in the longest time. It's not always easy but damn... it is worth it...Note* I posted this as a comment on another thread and felt it might be worth sharing.  
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;You need to want to not drink...Willingness is where it all starts for me but it doesn't end there. I know I am willing to change when I take action to make it so. All the wishes in the world add up to squat unless I get moving.
Congrats on 15 days!  That is awesome.  ..I bet there are some people who might be thinking about starting the journey and would be tempted to have that drunken email.  It's kind of a neat story the way it happened for you.  To those folks just remember you don't need to drink tonight just so you can have a drunk email too.  You don't need to manufacture this part of his otherwise inspirational story.  Start today instead and start reaping the rewards!!!  ;-)
"Drunk me reached out to sober me" there is something beautiful about that. Even the sick twisted part of our problem wants us to get help. Congratulations on your 2+ weeks and sober progress.
I used to do this kind of thing too and it was very frightening 
