-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3cwx1p/five_days_short_of_900_the_latest_weirdassjamjar/

My friends comrades lurkers and those that struggle:.I've missed you! I hope everyone is doing okay. I don't come back nearly as often as I should but it's mostly because I'm living. I mean REALLY living. The hubs and I recently moved to the big city of Denver and I have to say this shit is amazing. .Now I wish I could tell you all that the wantonness to imbibe never hits but that my peeps is a blatant fucking lie. Starting a new job having to make new work friends moving...talk about some giant stress triggers. But. One fucking day at a time. .The new favorite for me is getting invited to happy hour. A year ago I would've smugly looked at new people trying to include me and said "Sorry but I don't drink." Now I gladly accept the invite order my sugar free red bull and can have relaxed conversations without feeling like the overlord of sobriety land. It is humbling to me when I can go out with my friends who drink normally and can walk away. Any time I feel that itch I know for a fucking fact it will never be "just one" for me. I have accepted it and that in and of itself makes me feel more at ease..So why did I come to talk? I had to share my experience from this last Thursday night. An old friend of mine and I went to see Third Eye Blind. One of my all time favorite bands. Yes this ages me a bit especially to you youngins'. I had spied their setlist and unfortunately they were not set to play God of Wine. Now if you haven't heard that song go ahead and YouTube that shit. Go on. I'll wait. .Good? Okay. So that song is honestly what got me through my darkest hours. And when I say that I mean it. I would sit in liquor store parking lots debating on whether or not I should just buy a couple shooters to take the edge off I listened. I listened to the words and thought of my family and friends who didn't think I could stay sober. Or desperately wanted to believe I could change but were expecting the worst. I would listen to that fucking song and I would cry. Because I KNEW I could quit. Mind you not that I HAD to quit but that I COULD. This little revelation made a change in my brain. I could continue down the slippery slope just fine but I would lose everything I have worked for and loved. It was going to take everything I had but goddammit I was going to drive away and go home. And I did. The song would end I would fix my makeup go home and kiss my sweet husband knowing that I had nothing to hide. .So on Thursday night I scribbled the words "God of Wine" on my hand and continued to hold it up every time one of the band members looked my way. I expected them to adhere to the setlist but I thought shit just maybe. They came back for their second encore and the lead singer looked at me for a brief moment and proceeded to say "We haven't played this song on this tour but here we go." The opening chords started and I fucking bawled. Every single feeling of doubt hope love and fear came rushing back to me. ..I know some will say "it's just a song WeirdAssJamJar." Yes. It is. But it's a fucking song that makes me feel like I have beaten down the demons if only for the 5+ minutes it plays. ..So how do I end this rant? Just with a thought: believe. Believe in yourself. Know that you're the captain of your ship and where you choose to go is entirely up to you. Float on and love yourself. You're fucking worth it. ..Das pic: http://i.imgur.com/wT6uB9l.jpg..Link to the song: http://youtu.be/vz2tL6Xavhg..Love yous guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Wow. You made me tear up with that story. What an amazing moment... great job on 895
What an amazing story! Gave me chills. Beautiful and inspiring. 
That is an incredible fing story!!! I too LOVE teb...I was born in 87 guess I am gettin up there. Wow that must have really meant something to them that they played the song. U rock!!! 
That was awesome! My song is "One Day at a Time" by Joe Walsh. I used it as my morning alarm for the first 3-4 months of my sobriety..I'm so glad you posted this
Godshot! Great post thanks for sharing. I'm hitting 100 and already overwhelmed with the goodness. Your warm post makes me look forward to 200 900 and all the rest :)
