-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3cyzrh/what_do_i_do_was_told_to_xpost_this/

Today is the day that I decided to finally go to a meeting. I haven't yet it's later today. I am absolutely terrified which has kept me away for a couple years now. The physical pain (waking up and being aware of your internal organs is an issue) and the disappointment that I see has put me over the edge..There's no specific event that makes me want to do this I've made many mistakes and I'm fortunate to have friends that stick around and accept my many apologies. I want NEED to do this to avoid a specific event..When I was 22 I was in a horrific crash after leaving a bar. I thank God that I was alone in the car and the recipient of my stupidity was a brick pillar (even going 55 mph brick pillars don't tend to move). That night I had every opportunity to kill myself someone I care about or a stranger. I didn't fortunately. I learned my lesson when it came to drinking and driving but at the time I told (promised) myself I would never drink again..I'm 26 now and I regret breaking my promise to myself after a week or so of being out of my bed (I effed up my leg in the accident not bones nerves). That event wasn't the start honestly I wouldn't be able to pin point the start if you put a gun to my head. That event was supposed to be a wake-up call (details I'm too lazy to type out) the next "event" (not drinking and driving I'm very against that now) I probably won't be so lucky..I recognize the word "trigger" from television. Even when I'm 100% "I'm not going to drink again" someone dies not even someone I know. Just a friend's grandpa people on the news etc. My own Uncle really hit home but that's a different story for a different day. In any case my empathy I've found can be my dagger..I'm rambling might as well continue... I am the son to wonderful parents the brother to a wonderful sister (although we didn't get along growing up who does?) the brother-in-law to a wonderful brother-in-law and the uncle to two wonderful nieces. I have a wonderful girlfriend I have a wonderful best friend and I have a wonderful cousin who would be my best friend if he wasn't family (stupid rules that I made up). I have a great job that I truly enjoy college education (rocket science) own a house blah blah blah..I'm tired of using excuses. I know that soon enough I'll either lose people (from them being fed up) that I care about or I'll accidentally put the cost on one of theirs' a strangers' or my own life..My parents worry about me I know. But I always spew the same bullshit that I'm fine. My friends are my friends but they also enjoy drinking. I'm actually jealous of them as they know when enough is enough. I've made a reputation however of being the drunk guy (I'll happily talk to anyone but liquid courage eases the conversation generally)..My goal sadly isn't to be sober (although I'm working on changing that - duh I'm pouring out my soul to strangers) it's to be alive to see my nieces graduate college. The road that I'm walking I likely won't be around to see them graduate grade school and if I'm lucky high school..How do you do this? I want to stop I'm thinking so hard about it and visualizing my failure that it brings me to tears. Please don't give me the "talk to someone" BS. I'm talking to strangers right now begging for advice - it's pretty low. I fight this demon daily sometimes I win generally I lose..How do I fight off the terror of going to a meeting? Asking for help?..Edit: Sorry for the delay but I did end up going last week. Went really well and the nervousness has pretty much entirely disappeared as many of you said it would. I'm now proud to say that I am a week and a half sober and going strong. A week and a half may not seem like much but I want to say it's the longest I've gone in about a year and a half. I've certainly had cravings but when I'm struggling I'll spin the 24 hour token in my pocket or if I'm home read a couple pages of the Alcoholics Anonymous book. I just wanted to take the time to thank everyone for their caring and helpful advice. I'm currently thinking of attending meetings weekly (next one is tomorrow) but I know that if I really need to talk (or listen) there are meetings daily. Thanks again and I'm looking forward to many more weeks (months etc.) to come!
----------immediate responses--------

Promise to hit that meeting tonight. That's an awesome step. Nothing to be afraid of. Everyone there had a first meeting at some point.
I'm visiting from /r/stopsmoking so I hope you don't mind my comment. I do know something about meetings though (alanon here). They're great and I kick myself for not going years earlier. I also know about being afraid to ask for help. I have mental health issues and used to be absolutely terrified of asking for help. Again I feel like a dumbass and should have asked years sooner. Eventually I had a nervous breakdown and had no choice in it really I was hospitalized. After that I was stunned by how not-hard it is to ask for help once you've entered that "world" and are no longer trying to deny or suppress things or visualize something you've never experienced. Before you take that first step it all seems so alien and impossible and hopeless. It isn't......I was told for ages to go to al-anon meetings but I never did because I thought it would be lame and ineffective. I wasn't scared though. What is it about going to a meeting that scares you so much? You don't have to talk or interact with anyone and you can leave at any time. If you freak out you can walk out. If you relapse you can come back. Don't let fear of failure keep you from even trying. You can always try again; the only way to truly fail is to not try. Trite but true! All the best :)
There are meetings everywhere every day. Each one is a little different. Just pick one and go. If it doesn't feel right do a different one. I was scared shitless at my first meeting but no one in that room has any interest in judging you. If you pick a meeting that says it is closed that means only other alcoholics are allowed in...They will probably ask if it's anyone's first AA meeting ever and I recommend raising your hand. Chances are a small group will break off and give you a private meeting. This is scary. I am a private person who doesn't like to share anything especially emotions. I bawled like a baby in that private meeting but wasn't judged. ..Short version just go. And go to a few before you make a decision. I go to a meeting every day and it has changed my life. I am coming up on a month now which seemed impossible a few weeks ago.
This is crazy for me to read. I crashed my car when I was 20 by falling asleep going 65. Ran into a barrier myself. I was too tired from being drunk and just decided to nap on the highway. I'm also 26. Maybe it's the age for getting your shit together :)
Just go to a meeting. You don't have to ask for help. Just go there sit down and listen. I was terrified to go to my first meeting. I went for a few months to one meeting a week and eventually went back to drinking. Just going then has made it easier this time around to just show up at new meetings. You only have to go to your first meeting once. It gets easier. Just take small steps.
It is no substitute for an actual physical meeting but I sometimes attend online/chat room style AA meetings if I need to just talk to someone.
Stop drinking also has a chat room which you may want to check out. I'm glad you posted!
