-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d06d4/depressed_but_why/

Things have been going kind of shitty lately. I haven't been drinking but I just feel depressed. I'm not even sure why. Life just seems so dull. I was always a fun easy going type of guy and since I have stopped drinking I have lost that part of myself. I feel so bland and boring. It's been 42 days and I will not be drinking today. Anyone else struggling with themselves right now?
----------immediate responses--------

Forty-two days and depressed?  This in my experience is totally normal because it takes time to recover from the assault on the body brain and central nervous system that we were doing with alcohol in the period (years?) before we stopped.  I guarantee that give it some time and you will feel so much better.  If the mood does not lift please by all means don't drink and see a licensed professional.
Very normal for me.  I realize that a lot of my drinking was to cover over my depression or my anxiety.  Meditation CBT have helped me.  Andrew Weil has some breathing meditations that are useful as well.  Or just seeing that I am depressed and waiting for it to pass works sometimes.  Physical activity helps me but when I'm depressed but at those times I am usually fatigued as well.  Good luck with it and as th Beatles said 'Let it Be'.
Quitting drinking unveiled my lingering depression. I've been depressed since middle school but had been self medicating with vodka. At around 100 days I started seeing a therapist &amp; was recently prescribed a low dosage of antidepressants. I still have my down days but I feel like the meds are making me a little more energetic and fortunately I feel less depressed when I'm more active. Decide for yourself though this is what's working for me.
I benefited from getting on meds and talking to a therapist for my depression/anxiety. I also had to learn a TON about myself and my thought process before I could gain any real traction. I had essentially turned my brain off for my adult life by drinking instead of thinking. Need to have a hobby? Nope! Drinking! Planning my weekend? Booze!.I found it a very long process to shift from not drinking to living sober and it is still very much a work in progress. Please do not underestimate the amount of change your brain going through. It was helpful for me to remain open to new world views and approaches to problems that cropped up. I read a lot on this sub and was able to glean some paradigm shifting thoughts from others who were further down the path. It also helped me to embrace and pursue Hobbes and interests that had been on the back burner for a while. At first it felt kind of 'alien' to do that but happily that feeling soon passed for and I quickly enjoying cooking/exercise/movies/comics and appreciating the me time I was allowing myself. 
I felt like this too early on it's almost like my brain forgot how to regulate feels. I never went more than 30 days without alcohol &amp; my brain never go to get off the roller coaster. I feel a lot better now but it's still up &amp; down except the up &amp; downs don't feel like it's gonna destroy me. It helps me to post here but I also go to AA meetings to help me recover from getting off thr roller coaster I've been on for 16 years. It's great your posting here &amp; letting it out. Stay safe fellow sobie.
