-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d10eb/feeling_anxious_and_nervous_all_the_time/

My DUI case is complete and I am dealing with the aftermath and deeply concerned that my employer will find out and I will be fired. My birthday was a couple of days ago. Family obligations appear to be overwhelming and so on and so on. All reasons that I previously would've drank. I don't want to drink but my stomach is in constant knots for the last couple of weeks. I'm struggling to keep it together and I don't want to burden anyone least of all my wife. God knows that woman has been through enough. We've been together 26 years and I've been sober 275 days of it..These should be good times for her but instead she has to drive me around like a baby because I've lost my driving privileges for 12 months. .I have to carefully arrange my schedule so I can use public transportation to get to appointments. It won't always be possible to get to them that way then what? .The point is I can't seem to break out of this and find the serenity to accept what cannot be changed. I feel very anxious and depressed today and I need to put on a good face for my family and for my own mental health. .Maybe some of you have learned some coping skills that you can pass on?
----------immediate responses--------

Mindfulness.  My brain loves to go down the rabbit hole and worry about all the what-if's and could-be's.  With the help of my counselor I work constantly on staying in the moment and only worrying about what I can truly control in that moment.  As it turns out that list is pretty short.
[deleted]
I honestly don't have a whole lot of advice for you.  I am just newly sober.  If 3 days count.  But I can feel your pain.  My mind never stops.  It eats me alive. ..A couple things that jumped out at me are:..Overwhelming family obligations hopefully mean lots of family which I hope is a source of support for you.  If it happens not to be at least it can help keep you busy and keep your mind on other things. ..Your wife has stuck through 26 years.  I am guessing what you are "putting her through" right now pales in comparison to the 25 years of drinking.  She is probably grateful for the "problems" of dealing with the sober you.  Over 9 months is DAMN good!  ..When the time comes you will figure out a way to get to appointments.  That tomorrow.  That's not today.  ..Two things I try to always remember is "thoughts become things".  If you dwell on it it will probably become reality.  The other thing is most of the things I give me time and energy into worrying about never materialize.  ..I hope some of this helps and I didn't overstep any lines.  Try to turn the negatives into positives.  Easier said than done I know.  Best of luck to you!  I'm rooting for you jjarco.  ..
