-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d11xb/survived_the_stampede/

My city hosts a massive 10 day rodeo and chuck wagon racing event that stands as one of the biggest outdoor shows on the planet. Drinking has always been a huge facet of this event for the vast majority of adults. I believe last year I went 10 straight days partying and spending money that I never had. Of course after those 10 days I suffered from the worst depression and anxiety imaginable...Earlier this year I made the decision to stop drinking forever. I have experienced the best summer of my life so far and it is just getting started. I toyed with the idea of making this annual event a "hall pass" 10 days so that I could drink. After reading over many relapse posts to SD as well as my first few posts I decided to go at this thing entirely sober. ..Well today is the last day of the Stampede and everything goes back to normal tomorrow. The only difference this year is that I have some great memories of hanging out with friends I have spent a fraction of a fraction of what I spent last year and I didn't consume a drop of alcohol. Many of my friends said that it would be impossible for me to go to this thing and not drink. I proved that drinking is a choice and having a good time is completely removed from consuming a drink or drug. ..I've said this many times but I would like to reiterate thank you all on SD for your help and sharing your stories... It really does make a difference and I completely believe that this sub has saved lives.   
----------immediate responses--------

It's almost over!! Thank the stars. 2 years ago I made a huge fool of myself at the Stampede and got kicked out of Nashville north. Nothing positive happens when people drink to excess and the Stampede seems to be centered around that. Congrats on surviving another year my friend. 
Huge congrats from a fellow Albertan! 
Congrats! So proud of you.
Hey dude! Congrats. This is my first sober Stampede as well. I actually have avoided going anywhere near the grounds for the last 10 days. It was great.
