-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d4ly4/this_is_terrifying_first_timer_sort_of/

I'm a huge lurker here. About 3 months ago I went to my first AA meeting. I've been to several since but nothing has stuck. I'm too chicken shit to commit to quitting. I spent most of my 20s as a beautiful girl and even though I was hating myself inside no one could tell outside. Over the past year the drinking has caught up to me. I was drinking a pint of vodka a night and soon switched to a bottle + of wine a night. I will quit for one day but the withdrawal scares me. I realize that my drinking all of my problems stem from me acting in a cowardly and selfish way. Though I haven't gotten into legal trouble I have no friends or family left. I'm terrified. I'm ready to quit. I need to take care of my health and well being. I would like to commit to sobriety even just for today. I have no idea why I'm posting this. You don't know me. But I have no one else to talk to. I know I need support so hopefully someone will listen. All I can do is ask for help. Any encouragement or advice no matter how rough is welcome. I'm 26 I've been drinking for almost 7 years (since my dad died) and I'm only strong enough to take this one day at a time. Any support though undeserved is welcome. ..Update: Thanks guys! Sorry I haven't been back on my computer since I stopped drinking. I'm 4 days in! Been to a meeting every day found a sponsor. Thanks for your words! It's already a lot less scary but every day is a struggle emotionally. Thank you for love and support :):)
----------immediate responses--------

You will make it and you will be awesome...My drinking drove away all my relationships.  I know how that feels...All you can do now is show them all that you're a different person now and working to heal.  Let yourself heal.  ..I heard this somewhere and it meant a lot to me:.."I hope to ultimately be judged not by my mistakes but by the way I recovered from my indiscretions."..Best of luck! You got this!
&gt;  You don't know me. ..We really kinda do know you. I'll let those with more sobriety give you advice. I'll just say listen to them. They know what they are talking about. 
I can tell you this all those "haven't....yet" will catch up to you.  I was lucky enough to quit before anything drastic happened.  I did get a DUI when I was 21 but didn't think much of it.  I quit drinking 7 years later due to the fear of straining relationships with friends and family as well as losing my job.  Find yourself some hobbies and cut ties with drinking buddies.  It's sad but a lot of times you need to surround yourself with new friends.  Most of my drinking buddies couldn't do anything sober.  You start to realize this and despise it.
I'm 26 too.  I drank about .5 liters a day of vodka for years.  Near the end I'd chase with water pretzels or gum...didn't matter as long as I wasn't going through withdrawals.  I detoxed myself so many times; alone in my apartment.  That was the most terrified I'd ever felt.  None of my family would help me anymore.  I would shake sweat hallucinate....always fearing seizures.  I knew if I didn't do something my family would find me dead on the floor...It took me detox multiple rehabs AA and therapy to finally get where I am today.  I know it's scary but the way you'll feel even 1 week sober is worth it.  I feel the best I have in years...and look it too.  My family supports me I have a job again I have a gf too.  ..And when those thoughts come back I just think about the little things I took for granted.  When you are drinking you just lose all feeling.  The warmth of the sun on my skin wind through my hair even the smell/sounds of the ocean/rivers.  It's amazing what you are missing by drinking.  I hope you realize how much better your life can be....you just need to push through this scary time...You can do it!  Good luck!
Welcome. Don't be afraid you're doing just fine. I remember when my drinking burned out all my bridges. Just don't drink no matter the reason and you'll do alright. This is a wonderful group of sober folk. I got 470 days by posting once a day and committing myself to not drinking one day at a time. Peace and good vibes.
I'm glad you're here and talking to us. For me eventually life got bad enough that my only option was to quit. I thought AA was a wast of time with people talking all day about how much they loved God...I got to the point where I would do anything to get sober. Thankfully I learned to look for similarities and not differences in the stories I heard...Just keep trying and eventually it'll stick. You may want to try a women's only meeting. ..Keep hanging out here and never feel scared to comment or ask questions.
I know you! I am 27 years old and wish that I had made my first step a year ago! I lost a lot of friends since then and the fact that I feel so guilty about my drinking makes it hard to discern if it was ever my fault or not! If you want a sober buddy PM me! I am doing this "alone" too : ))
Not undeserved. And we may not have all your story but we all know bits and reflections of it. Withdrawal isnt a thing to mess around with are you seeing physical symptoms or is the "scared of withdrawal" a "scared of being sober?" Either way you can get help both on this sub and in th world around you. Hang in there dont give up on yourself.
You're here now and you only need to be strong enough for one day at a time. You can do this. We may not know details but I'm sure we are familiar with at least part of your story. Do seek medical support if you are withdrawing though. Just don't drink today and you'll be OK. Lurk on the sub all day I did that a lot in my first couple of weeks. It helps
