-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d4lmk/ive_gotten_back_into_a_cycle_of_relapses_and_need/

I woke up soaked in my own urine yesterday. ..I had about 9 months sober. Then a relapse and then made it 3 more months. I'm going backwards...Now like clockwork I go a couple weeks sober then pick up again for a 3-5 day stink before stopping again...It's not even actual cravings...more like "Why not?". I'll be driving home from work and inevitably the stupid thought of "you could drink tonight" creeps in. I can usually stop it by saying "No you feel good right now. You don't even want to drink."..But every once in a while I foolishly agree with myself. And it never ends there...by choosing to drink that day I basically sign up to drink until Sunday. Starts with 5 drinks after work...then 10 on Friday night and by Saturday I am starting my morning off with booze too. ..I don't have many cravings as I know them anymore. There is no voice in my head screaming at me that I need a drink. It sneaks up on me. ..I feel like shit but am sober right now. I'm just worried I'll be back here in a few weeks. I'm depressed ashamed and embarrassed. Anxious about how the stupid stuff I did or said will come back to bite me. ..Has anyone gone from having a long period of sobriety to falling back into lots of relapses like this? I know I won't drink today. Or tomorrow but I'm starting to lose hope in myself. I've lost the trust of many people along the way but now I almost don't trust myself either. ..I need to stop this. Or eventually I'm going to end up in jail on the street or in the hospital again. I don't want that yet I keep tempting fate. ..I feel so stupid. The answer is obvious but I still fail. .
----------immediate responses--------

"Starts with 5 drinks after work...then 10 on Friday night and by Saturday I am starting my morning off with booze too."..This is exactly how I was...I tried to quit 2 or 3 times and kept coming back to that "Oh I can drink responsibly now" bull shit.  It's not true.  I can't drink at all.  I know this now.  I went through all the depression anxiety being ashamed and embarrassed.  The only thing I'd offer is from my experience the anxiety goes away.  I never really had the depression.  The embarrassment is much easier to deal with if you're sober.  Anything you're embarrassed about can ultimately be answered with "I did something about it.  I got sober.  There was an issue and I'm doing my best every day to address it."..Good luck!
I can relate a lot. It's the voice in my head that says "fuck it who cares?" that always leads me to relapse rather than just a feeling of really *really* wanting to drink. Have you been going to any meetings? 
I came to this sub to write almost the exact same thing. I had 13 months sober and now every couple of weeks I have to reset my badge. It's awful. I feel so...worthless. And weak. ..I don't have any wise words or advice just support. We're in this together.
Iv been getting very tempted lately also and I feel if I do slip Il be in the same boat. I really feel for you. The only way I'm keeping myself from doing the same is by literally taking each night as it comes. Fuck it if you have to put off having a drink by an hour each time you want it so be it. .Try and remember you don't need to be drinking to loosen up to have fun to relax that's all bullshit  we're not created to need a drug in our system for anything we have it all inside us..Sorry I'm rambling on this is me convincing myself too. .Fuck the embarrassment everyone does shit there embarrassed  of just some people are better at forgetting. 
This happened to me. I had 2 years went out for about a year then would get 90 days and pick up for 2-3 days. Then 90 days pick up for 2-3 weeks. It was rough. I feel like I can never celebrate in early sobriety because who knows when I'll relapse next..I finally became willing to go to a meeting every day. Even if I normally would have had something else to do - I quit all the other stuff I was doing. Just recovery for 5 months now. It kept me sober this time!.Keep going - this is just what worked for me - and do what you need to do to protect yourself. Maybe drive a different way home so you don't go by a liquor store. Or call someone when your addiction state taking to you (or go on the IRC or post here).  Good luck!!!
I was stuck in this cycle for a very long time. I wish I had some sort of inside knowledge of how to break out of it but in truth I'm not entirely clear on that yet. I spent a lot of time thinking and reading here and thinking more and being very angry with myself. I hope you find the thing that drives you to sobriety soon and in the meantime you know we are all here for you.
