-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d65ci/question_as_a_friend_of_an_alcoholic/

My dear friend has been struggling with alcohol for as long as I have known her which is at least 6 years. We have had an intervention with her several years ago. She has been in AA she has had a sponsor she has been sober for a long period of time. For the last six month she has been struggling fighting with postpartum depression and several outside stresses and she started drinking again and ended up with a DUI and is now in a treatment facility. This only happened this weekend and I am going to see her today. My focus will be to listen. .Do any of you have advice on what I can say? Esp when she will talk about her husband and her baby and her guilt and her 2nd DUI. And it won't all be honest from her I am aware of that. .What does she need most from me?.Any thoughts or advice?
----------immediate responses--------

This would be a good question for a friends/family support group such as AlAnon. For me there is nothing anyone could do or say. I stopped when I decided to.
This is really tricky because alcoholics are more often than not programmed to resent drink-related interactions that don't facilitate or enable their drinking. As long as you show unconditional compassion I'd say you were on a/the right track. I'll leave this for 'older' and wiser heads to advise you but I'd say /u/RonniePudding has made a good suggestion there.
Whenever my family would take any kind of lecturing tone mental walls would go up immediately. I would smile and nod politely or take on a serious and supplicant demeanor as required by the situation. But internally was a big 'F*** YOU' and waiting to escape the lecture. But that may just me at the heights of my bad attitude/rebellion/addiction. So maybe just hang out with her and see how she's doing and realize there's nothing you can do for her but listen and encourage her to be healthy.
It's definitely admirable that you want to help.  But this is difficult because quitting is a very personal event.  It's not really what you say it's more what you do.  Showing support is a positive step and you should let her know that you will be there for her.  But ultimately quitting will be up to her and her alone.
Stick to being supportive of her sobriety and understanding her disappointment in herself. Let the treatment facility handle the tricky shit. ..You're a good friend.
I can only echo what is already written here. Don't worry about speaking just listen and offer your love.
I would stay away for the first 2 weeks.  If my experience is anything to judge by that's when a lot of the chemical fog starts to evaporate.  ..Also 2 weeks gives you a lot of time to check out co-dependence literature and maybe see if her drinking hasn't made you a bit sick as well.  Hopefully not - but it is interesting that you mention that you're more concerned about what *she needs from you* rather than what **you** need to live with an alcoholic in your life.
