-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3d8l6w/9_months_sober/

I haven't been around this sub in perhaps 3 months. Why? I'm not sure. I also haven't been to many AA meetings. ..I closed out my last semester of law school and graduated with a 3.8 GPA and Highest Honors! I'm pretty proud of that. That's something that can't ever be taken away. Since then I've been studying for the bar exam. I take it in 13 days. I've set up an IRA for the first time in my life. Also I have a job in commercial real estate now. Things are generally going pretty good I'd say. ..I don't think about not drinking most days. I think about how I wake up without hangovers. I think about how if I fail at something like the upcoming bar exam it will just be my fault and not because I allowed alcohol to steal precious productive time from me. ..I'd be lying if I said that I'm struggling at all with sobriety right now. My wife doesn't drink and that makes the whole endeavor easier. Sometimes I miss the taste of quality beer but the sensation soon subsides when I turn my attention to something else. I'm looking forward to 365 days and contributing 365 saved dollars to my IRA. ..Feedback discussion advice is welcome...u/DrunkWooky out!
----------immediate responses--------

Nice job! Sobriety definitely does get easier and I also find that the only time I think about drinking these days is in the context of sobriety. It's funny how that can lead directly to making other positive changes in our lives too like setting up and contributing to an IRA. Hope to see you keep checking in if not because you need it then to share what you've learned to help someone new!
Congratulations! This is great! Thanks for the inspiration!
Congratulations. upvote for drunkwooky. Awesome username. I remember very well the feeling of being two weeks from graduating. I was also sober. The hangovers... Oh lord they were brutal. I still remember my last one. Thanks for the great share. Also good luck on the bar exam. Peace and good vibes. Edit: I thanked you twice for sharing. oops.
Great job! Funny this is the first time I've checked in in about 3 months too (I think) and I clicked because I remember your username. ..Glad to hear you're doing well and good luck on your exams!
