-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dbzty/what_do_you_do_when_you_get_home_at_night/

Thinking about switching up what I do right when I get home and looking for some ideas. ..Right now top contender is going for a half hour walk. I used to go to the gym at this time but I find mornings are better for energy and sleep but I could maybe throw in a run without jeopardizing gains. ..Motivation for this? I find like 4:30-7 are my hardest cravings and most frequent relapse times so trying to switch something up. ..Love.
----------immediate responses--------

Here are some things I've done when I get home since sober:.. Lawn Work Read a bookWatch Netflix Go for Bike Rides Go for walks go to a meeting play disc golf grill play frisbee with the girlfriend study for IT Certifications (I am in IT so if you have something to help out work it could be that) house work painted the house work on house projects hang out with my cats do laundry clean up my rooms that were trashed do the dishes vaccuum I am find that having my house more livable is awesome look at reddit play hearthstone play destiny play any game listen to vinyl records listen to spotify call my mom to talk call my girlfriends mom to talk (I've found spending 5 minutes talking to a mother can make there day and it isn't really that hard to talk to someone) bake cook find random craft soda to try find random non alcoholic drinks to try go to group therapy go to therapy apply for jobs (if you are unhappy where you are) play bass guitar work on IT Labs..  I mean the world is your oyster.  IF you had a hobby you forgot about try to re live it.  ..Edit: Doing what I do for fun isn't always going to make you happy but it does make me happy so go for you. As this is your time.  But one thing I've heard is to have a hobby for health a hobby for wealth and a hobby for fun.
I run a few nights a week tonight my running buddy couldn't make it and I still wanted to get out of the house I drove to the local cosmetology college where they offer services had a relaxing inexpensive facial drove home while the sun was setting I opened the windows and cranked up some Amy Winehouse. It felt amazing to be alive. Changing it up and doing something different never felt better. .Other ideas are to take a walk around the mall go to a movie bowling evening class or find a group on meetup.com that has something you're interested in. Walking is also a great idea. Have fun whatever you do.  
I found that instead of adding more shit to do I had to focus on not drinking 24/7 for months...I am an *addict* that used a *drug* to cope with life.  Adding more *life* when I couldn't cope in the first place didn't seem to be an effective method for the first few months of recovery.  What I did was to *work on recovery*.  My addiction counselor gave me homework. I did it.  My therapist gave me a clinical book with exercises to do. I did it.  My religion has traditions of meditation and prayer. I do those...
I work a semi-physical job so I tend to relax with a short walk then reddit and bed for me.
4:30 to 7 are the hardest for me too and I'm having a REALLY hard time with it. If it's any help I find an early dinner helps. If your stomach's full there's not a lot of room for booze.
Hey there. Thanks for your post. I think once you finish for the day your mind just reflexively wants to unwind. We used to drink to do this but not anymore. Me personally I am not really big on routine but yesterday evening I got home - I had to run an errand after work which involved a 15km cycle so by the time I got home I was extremely hot as it is warm here. I then did my beginner's routine ( shout out /r/bodyweightfitness ) - so this involves push ups plank squats etc...then I went for a swim. Cooked some dinner and watched TV for an hour. Then I walked the dogs for an hour. Came home showered into bed and read a magazine until I fell asleep.
I usually go go AA meetings and either read or watch some tv.  
A hobby or some other wacky obsession is good. Personally the first thing I do when I get home is check on my veggie garden...
I kept my fridge well stocked with sodas. Grapefruit San Pelligrino was my favorite. Ice cold can bittersweet fizzy liquid... it satisfied a lot of the habit part of my drinking. I was also drinking 1000+ calories a day in alcohol and the sodas helped fill that deficit at first.
I too workout before work...4:15 - Walk Dog.4:30 - Make Dinner.5:00 -  Video Games or TV.Rest of the night run errands cook lunches for the next day hangout with gf...
