-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3de28m/something_thats_been_bothering_me/

First off I'm extremely grateful this forum exist...Here's something that gets to me and I'm not sure anyone is to blame.  Does anyone get annoyed with others' lack of understanding.  People know I quit drinking and yet I'm offered booze I'm asked to go to drinking events...  It's the very few that actually understand.  Literately a handful of people understand the struggle...I am choosing to live my life sober.  I guess I just expect people to think about it more than they do.  Maybe I'm expecting something that just isn't a possibility.  I have to see people enjoying a beer here and there and realize that my body doesn't operate that way.  Do I need to have loved ones and friends tempt me as well?  It's sad because it makes me want to avoid certain social gatherings.  IDK if there are answers out there if i'm just in a bad mood or what.  Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

It doesn't really bother me. Are you having some urges?
I think sometimes people don't understand things they haven't had to deal with personally. Also most people either aren't very empathetic or don't think about things from another's perspective.
Honestly I think people just tend to forget. Just a few months ago my mom almost suggested us getting a drink. She caught herself and changed it mid sentence. And she's very aware of how much I struggled to stop and that I can't drink. I find most people mean no harm by it in their world of "normal" drinkers it's just as common as eating. I think they offer out of courtesy. ..I also think of it as food allergy. My roommate is allergic to coconut oil (but loves it) and I use it extensively. Every so often I offer her something I made and she has to remind me again of her allergy. I don't mean to tempt her but at the same token I cannot relate to her at all because I don't have the reaction to it as she does. I find the more I come to accept that I can't drink like other people (and probably never will be able to) the easier it gets to go out and turn down drinks or not feel sorry for myself that I can't enjoy a beer with the guys. 
J-Stan this is the second time today I'm on the same page as you. ..My wife keeps asking me to go see concerts or bands that are playing at venues where I have drank and I'd prefer not to as I consider those things possible triggers for me (myth or not).  She also has asked me to go to the bar for fried fish. "You don't have to drink." she'll say.  ..My wife had major issues with my drinking and is happy I'm not doing it any longer but sadly is not very supportive of me saying "I'd rather not be around booze or places where I drank for a while."  She also was taken aback that I'd consider going to AA. I think the term "alcoholic" bothers/embarrasses her.  ..I'm going to do what I need to do in order to stay sober. I know it is the best for me and for her.  I am annoyed how she is viewing this. It's like she's good with me not drinking as it is convenient to her. 
I think a lot of people want a pat on the back for making the right decision.  I've learned that I have to be the one to give myself the pat-on-the-back.  I'm the one who has to live with the decisions I make and as such I'm the only one who needs to be comfortable with it.   You can't control the behavior of others.  But you can control your own reactions and realize that their offer is out of courtesy not animosity.  They may not understand that you have an issue and quite frankly they don't have to.  It's not their issue.  ..One of the things I've learned in sobriety is that your sobriety has to be your concern.  Other people will do what they will do and that's not a jab at you.  Some of my best friends offer me drinks knowing that I don't drink.  I just shake it off and move on with my life.  Just like someone offering me something I'm allergic to.  If i was allergic to peanuts and someone offered me a pb&amp;j I'd say no realize the offer was a courtesy not them trying to kill me and move on.  You got this!! 
Other people are struggling with stuff you don't understand. And you're struggling with something that other people don't understand. I think this is ok. It's good to be open and honest with your friends and family but they can't and won't be responsible for your sobriety. Anyway you know these people/situations better than I do but I think "let's grab a drink" is Muggle-speak for "let's hang out I want to spend time with you." People who have a non-problematic relationship with alcohol really don't know what drinking means to an addict...
