-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dgi0l/i_posted_here_3_months_ago_after_a_bad_relapse/

And I wanted to thank those who responded...I'm 100 days sober today...I am shocked and in disbelief. I've never been sober that long. I'm still so tempted especially when I'm feeling alone and depressed but I'm not going to let myself give in to temptation...Just wanted to thank you guys for being so nice and supportive. I'm truly grateful 
----------immediate responses--------

That kicks ass.  You kick ass.  Keep it up.  
You're not alone. We're reading this and sending you support. Stick with it!
Hey it's never easy coming back from a relapse... but I think you definitely need to give yourself a pat on a back.  100 days wow.  That is freakin awesome!!
Nice! Are you doing anything else to ensure your sobriety? Counseling support groups etc? 
You are so incredible!! Congratulations to you :D. It is shocking to accumulate time!.I was also posting on these subreddits a little until finally now I am doing better. 
Congratulations! Keep up the good work! I remember my first 100 days. Every day it gets a little easier and the time passes a little faster.
You can do it. You *are* doing it!
Welcome back!
[deleted]
Good job!! Think of all the money you saved. Also think of the extra hours you have had from not being hungover 
This is awesome so glad to hear you've stuck with it. I didn't really believe I could stick with it either then about four months in I realised that the sober time I had built up suggested otherwise! 
I remember looking at and commenting on your post. At that time I also had a bad relapse just two days prior. I am happy to see you have hit 100 days. I am now at 102 myself. Let's make it to 200 together now! You have a friend in me. ..Life is good - it's better sober.
Good for you.
Well done you! Keep it up.
Congratulations! Don't forget you can always come here for support when you're feeling alone and depressed.
100 days!!!! Stick with it. Awesome news.
Hooray for triple digits!
Good job!  Walk this path with us!
keep doing - what are you doing to break out of the isolation?
Triple digits! Awesome! Keep it up!
Kudos! I'm proud of you and inspired. 
Awesome!!!
Way to hit those triple digits.  I know that may not seem a big deal to those around you that do not realize the daily work it takes to get to 100 but we here at SD do!  Congrats and give yourself a much deserved pat on the back.
