-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dhem8/3_month_expectations/

Hi guys. My badge says 24 days but it's been like 79 days since I took any mood altering substances. Like I've written b4 I was going to take a vicoden which wld have broken my sobriety on fathers day. I cld not get one then snapped out of my relapse state and reset my badge. Anyway I'm explaining that so u can get an idea where I'm at physically and mentally. ..Coming up on 3 months I'm getting nervous as I've read a few 90 day posts. I'm struggling I'm trying my best to do everything that's good for us in recovery but many times I'm still struggling and feel like I'm walking terrifying uncharted territory. .I'm not afraid of relapsing cuz I really have no desire to drink and do drugs. It's the other demons like depression isolation self hatred that I'm afraid of. I know the obvious advice but I guess I'm looking for something deeper from people who have been past three months or if ur new but have insight that's great too days sober isn't that important. ..What I'm trying to say is all the reasons I drank or used drugs are real life issues I'm having to face now. Should I be prepared for anything in particular now that I've actually been sober for a little while? It's been kind of pink cloud/adjustment time until now. But I feel the reality of sobriety is on the horizon. How do I keep a sane and positive mindset and what should I know about the first year and how it progresses? Thanks sd.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; It's the other demons like depression isolation self hatred that I'm afraid of...I don't have 90+ days at this point but if these were my demons these would be the things I would focus some energy on healing. That said when I have been truly depressed I couldn't just "snap out of it." In my case I needed a couple years of medication and therapy to reach a workable baseline...Isolation and self-hatred are also things you can find strategies to work around -- don't despair! Do you have anyone irl to talk to about how you are feeling? And no matter who you are or what you have done you are a good human being who is worthy of love and happiness. ..&gt; I'm still struggling and feel like I'm walking terrifying uncharted territory...When I am feeling this way (and it is a LOT) I remember that Eleanor Roosevelt once said  Do one thing every day that scares you.  It makes me smile because yep got that covered today! ;)
One of the things I took to heart that I heard early in my recovery is that alcoholism is not the problem but it's a symptom. Stopping drinking was my first step but now I have to deal with the underlying emotional issues that I was avoiding by getting drunk...I remember when you posted about resetting your badge and I was really impressed by how honest you were being with yourself and us about what you were going through. ..I know it's not for everyone but AA has been great for me in helping to build a support group of friends that I can talk to about those personal demons on a regular basis. I've gotten a lot out of sharing what I'm going through at meetings and hearing from other people who are or were going through the same things. Some kind of network of friends is a great way to help deal with the issues that can lead back to drinking. 
Let me start by saying I did not stay on the AA path.  That being said being at the AA meetings early on held me accountable.  I enjoyed hearing from people who have the same struggles I do.  I was also doing online AA meetings.  If SD works for you then that's excellent.  The important thing is that you do have people that understand your addiction.  We're all here for each other.
