-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dhktz/a_taste_of_calm_and_clarity/

This probably belongs in a journal or something but I wanted to share since I'm sure some of you can relate...I couldn't sleep so at 4am I went to get groceries. Walking back in the dark I felt so calm and clear for the first time in a long long time..I'm only a few days in (day 4?). I know from past experience that the anxiety and self-doubt will come back along with the cravings. But that feeling of peace and calm was incredible. If you struggle with drinking you know how incredibly stressful every single day and night can be...I've taken breaks many times before (some more successful that others) but this is the first time I've ever admitted that I can't control my drinking. Every other attempt had a goalpost at the end that included alcohol. I somehow led myself to believe that I'd be better after a break only to fall into the same trap time and time again. ..Just admitting to myself that I'm not ever going to be able to control my drinking has already made a difference in my mindset this time around. I'm not constantly watching the calendar anymore and having the mental debate about when I can drink again. In a way it's sad and I feel like I'm leaving something behind. But I'll gladly do that for some peace of mind like I just experienced. ..If this is what sobriety can feel like I'm not looking back.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Just admitting to myself that I'm not ever going to be able to control my drinking has already made a difference in my mindset this time around...I can imagine. Kudos to you. In the spirit of honesty I am still trying to fully convince myself. I started this "journey" thinking that I would do 30 days and see how I felt. Sometimes I see the goalpost at the end. Sometimes I think I will never pick up another drink. .. &gt; I'm not constantly watching the calendar anymore and having the mental debate about when I can drink again...That must be really freeing. :)
&gt; If this is what sobriety can feel like I'm not looking back...Hold onto that feeling. Remember that peace that calm that clarity. You're probably in for some storms in the future and the memory can be a good touchstone to help you get through.
I can totally relate to this. This is also my first time without the thought of alcohol waiting for me at the end. It has made all the difference in my mental attitude and commitment. Thank you.
&gt;Every other attempt had a goalpost at the end that included alcohol...Yep. No more moving the goalposts. I had to change the game. ..&gt;In a way it's sad and I feel like I'm leaving something behind. But I'll gladly do that for some peace of mind like I just experienced...This a million times this. Keep coming back glad to have you here!
Wow you just summed up exactly what I have been feeling for these last 22 days. The feeling of acceptance is making is actually making it easier ...I not just counting Down the days till I get the illusion of a prize. I'm done chasing.
This thread has been really helpful to me. Thank you everybody.
