-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3dnile/my_unfortunate_horrible_relapseminder_that_i_need/

I relapsed after nearly two weeks of sobriety (woo hoo). I was trying harder than i ever have and saying NO was more important to me than even entertaining the thought of having a drink. ..Last night my neighbor upstairs I always thought was very attractive and never spoke to her except in passing. She showed up at my door with two bottles of wine and asked if we could hang out. I immediately said yes and avoided telling her I was uncomfortable with alcohol in my house especially if she was going to be drinking it. ..She pours two glasses and puts on Nightcrawler on my Netflix and sits on my couch. At this point I was furious with how badly I wanted something to happen with us without touching the wine. So we watched the movie and chatted and she finishes a glass and pours another. I still haven't touched mine. She asks "Why aren't you drinking with me? I'm not going to drink by myself!" ..And I almost fucking snorted. Because I would have had NO PROBLEM with that. I told her I wasn't a fan of white wine to get her to leave it alone but she pulled out the red and started opening it. Next thing I knew I was drinking a glass of wine. And we finished both bottles. And we slept together. And then she tells me she's married. And then I realize I'm not only a drunk I'm an asshole I'm selfish I'm needy I'm lonely I'm angry and a failure...Now I have guilt that transcends my habits of drinking that gives me even more anxiety. ..Here's to starting again day 1. Thanks for reading if you took the time.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that sucks. That powerful sucks...Something that I always heard in AA (well mostly in mens' meetings) is "under every skirt there's a slip." This is why people are often warned to avoid getting into relationships early into sobriety - sex makes people do things the wouldn't normally do. Now you know and hopefully you'll be able to avoid that particular bit of bad news (the married woman with designs) in the future.
Big hugs for you. What a terrible situation.
FWIW - you had no idea she was married. Don't let that bring you down. ..Thanks for having the courage to share. Here's to not drinking today.
[deleted]
That's one hellava banana peel...Ya slipped get back up stay sober again.
Sorry for such a sucky situation :( As other people noted it's 100% on her that she's married- not your fault. You came back here and are sober today- just stay sober today and that's all you can do. You're never alone on here. 
First of all as much as this really sucks she obviously isn't relationship material because she's married. So oh well but I'm guessing a married person who cheated on their spouse isn't the person you want to start a relationship with. Second learning to say 'I don't drink' to whoever whenever is basically required to be successful in sobriety. I'm sure you're aware of this. It will stop being painful. For me it doesn't matter how much I like someone if they can't swallow and move on with the fact I am sober nothing is going to happen. 
Wow.  this is a tough one.  10 years drunk  and today is 465 days of being sober. I have no idea if i could say no to this.  I would try like hell  but if having a sip means i could get some tail  i think i would too.  And that sucks.  I hate knowing that this could be the one thing that makes me slip up.  I have alienated all my old drinking friends  basically lost my girl of 10 years because she didn't want to quit too.   If the only opportunities to get sexual means i break my packed with my self  does that mean i am destined to be alone?  is there a dating site for non/ex drinkers? 
Hey man I'm sorry. She put you in a difficult situation even now I don't know what I would have done. But the important thing to do is to forgive yourself and look forward. Hang in there and thank you for sharing this 
