-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3doxpq/what_are_some_examples_of_relapsing_accidentally/

if any of my friends thought it would be funny to slip me some alcohol?..... Instant termination of friendship.  Well that would be my instinct but it's hard to really say
----------immediate responses--------

Never heard of an accidental relapse...If you taste alcohol in something you thought didn't have alcohol then stop drinking it..
Relapse is all about intent for me. For example I went out for my birthday a few years ago and got a delicious desert. I LOVED the sauce. It made me feel...funny. When I asked our waitress she advised me their was alcohol in the sauce despite me specifically asking if their was before ordering it. I don't count that as a relapse. If I had picked up the wrong glass sipped it realized what it was and continued to drink it is a relapse...Sobriety for me is a state of mind so I don't get too caught up in the semantics of accidental ingestion. Intent is all that matters.
I always sniff check drinks to be sure. Really not worth the risk of accidental ingestion. The only "accident" I've had so far was not checking the ingredients of some soy sauce at a restaurant but as soon as I tasted it I sought out an alternative. Like people say it's about intent but also about vigilance and not lying to yourself and attempting to apportion blame elsewhere. It's very rare and would be assault/a court case that alcohol is literally forced on you. It's always a conscious decision.
My worst relapse (in the sense that I restarted drinking after months sober and did not even try to quit again for several years) began as an accident. A waitress I knew brought me a beer I did not order when I went into the restaurant/bar where she worked not knowing I had quit drinking. *This accident was hers not mine*. The story continued with me making a conscious choice to drink "just one". Accidental drinking really never happens unless perhaps you are blind with no sense of taste or smell.
