-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3e00do/its_been_a_year_since_i_drank_thanks_sd/

TL DR   I quit drinking a year ago in large part to this sub and transformed my life for the better...One year ago today I got drunk for the last time waking up at 2am with my head and upper body on the floor and my legs on the couch not remembering much of anything from the day/night before and unfortunately that was not unusual.  Went to bed slept like crap for a couple of more hours before waking up still exhausted but now dehydrated and with so much anxiety that I wanted to be out of my skin.  That was one week after posting on here and getting a badge on July 13 2014 which lasted four days before I got drunk saw some acquaintances at a bar went bar hopping and proceeded to embarrass myself by slipping hitting my face into the bar and bleeding profusely everywhere (I think that's how I started bleeding because I was blacked out and no one saw what I did).  Was that enough?  Nope.  I got blackout drunk the next three days the last one waking up half on the floor and telling myself I need to grow the f*ck up and get control of my life or it's only going to get worse.  I posted again requested another badge and did not drink for the next 365 days...To give a little background I drank nearly every day for years and years.  Sure there were days here and there where I could abstain but for the most part when I was not working I was drinking.  Started as a reward system and turned into an addiction as I drank for any and every reason.  At my worst I was doing literally the absolute very least I needed to do for the day before I would drink and I had quite a few days where I did not even do the very least and just  checked out  by drinking the entire day away without eating or doing anything.  ..My entire life was dominated by alcohol   it was a constant in almost all of my thoughts.  I would wake up anxious saying I am not drinking today (after embarrassingly checking my phone to see what humiliating angry thing I texted posted etc.) making meaningless conversation with my wife to gauge if/how mad she was at me for something I did/said the night before I don't remember and dreading getting an e-mail from her telling me what I did.  I would be at work with my mind barely functioning thinking about what I was doing with my life and alcohol only to start feeling better and getting the urges/cravings around 3pm to 5pm which started the negotiations during which I could tell myself no 99 times but my addictive voice would keep asking until I gave in and promised it to be my last night drinking ever won't have too much well it's my last night so I should get drunk I'd blackout only to repeat the entire process the next day...My first serious attempt at quitting was after my wife filed for divorce and changed the locks to the house.  We legally separated and I stopped drinking for around 70 days moved back in and proceeded to drink again.  Quitting was easy once I got past the withdrawals and thought heck it's not that much of a pull anymore so why not try again.  Started off slowly and before long was worse than ever.  My life was a mess and I didn't have much confidence or hope.  Everything in my life was difficult and not good during this time.  I made another attempt and quit for about 45 days before thinking what did I like about drinking let me slam three shots of vodka and see and I didn't like it and didn't drink again for a six days but then drank back to back days then off for five days and drank three straight days then off for four days and then daily drinking again...One year later and I can honestly say I am cured of my addiction to alcohol.  I have done so much work on myself and learned so much over the past year about the brain and alcohol and so much else about life that I truly know I will never knowingly/purposefully drink again.  Why?  Because only I can make myself drink and I have not had any interest or desire for a drink in as long as I can remember.  Why would I do something I am not interested in?  In fact I am not only not interested in alcohol I have disdain for it and would never put it in my body again.  I used to smoke cigarettes and quitting sucked too but I never think about having a cigarette no matter how many people around me are smoking and drinking is the same way now.  Cigarettes and alcohol are not for me and the thought of either disgusts me...In the past year I've done pretty much all the things I would have done when I was still drinking and still have the same exact friends (except for one I lost because of my drinking).  It was not a test because testing myself in that way makes no sense but I was breaking false associations.  I made a decision not to drink and I knew I would not drink in those situations because I didn't have a desire but wanted to go out and see my friends and it reinforced for me what I know   that drinking alcohol is not for me and I do not need it to be social or have fun.  All of my friends have been super supportive and still invite me to all their functions.  I am grateful to have such great true friends. ..I've changed/transformed permanently.  The bottom line though is that I am not na ve enough to think I could start drinking again and be  better  at it this time around.  I may want to believe that in some ways because I like to believe I can do anything I set my mind to and work at but I truly know that alcohol affects me differently than other people and always has and always will.  Just like I know I can't will myself to be 6'6  and dunk a basketball I can't will myself to process alcohol  normally.   I know I can achieve anything I conceive and believe in and I do not believe that alcohol and me mix.  I know from my first drink that I hated the taste I always hated the taste and still did a year ago but that effect sets off a craving/desire/urge in me that wants more and more creating an internal battle I can't win each and every time and it only takes one time to permanently change my life for the worse or end it completely...Everything in my life is better now.  On most mornings I wake up jumping out of bed full of energy excited for another day on this amazing earth and a chance to accomplish what I want.  Prior to a year ago I woke up and just laid in bed for hours wishing I could fast forward through my responsibilities and the day and just begin drinking and getting back into bed.  I spend less and less time here only because I really don't have thoughts about drinking alcohol.  I feel super confident being out and not wanting to ever drink.  I arrogantly think to myself how I don't need some drug made from putrefied vegetative matter that's beyond the rotting stage to be social and enjoy myself.  I don't envy drinkers.  ..I have so much more confidence in every aspect of my life.  All of my relationships are better now including my marriage.  Being successful at the things that are important to me (family health friends spirit and career) is not always easy in fact life is very hard sometimes but it's so much easier for me without the handicap of alcohol and knowing I can work at all these things and make them better gives me back my confidence that alcohol robbed from me.  Life is to be enjoyed and I was not enjoying mine when alcohol was in it.  Einstein allegedly said "There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle."  I look at the world in amazement with all that humans have accomplished from the small to incredible and I believe everything is a miracle...I did my recovery the way I did on purpose because I did not want to have to live with the desire to drink.  I did not want to think of drinking as some pleasurable thing that I was forbidding myself from doing.  Instead I learned the truth and did what worked for me creating my own plan.  I knew what needed to be done like most things in life but I chose to ignore my inner voice telling me the right thing.  Drinking helped me ignore that voice for a long time.  Since I quit there have been numerous situations I could have drank and no one would know but I would know and I have no interest in alcohol.   Alcohol has taken up so much of my time thus far in my life and I really don't want to give it many more precious moments by thinking or talking about it and why I am not here that often anymore.  It's gross but I think about it like going to the bathroom.  When I am done I flush the toilet and leave so why do I want to continue to spend time focused on bad times in my past now that I've worked through them and moved on?  I don't.  They are over and done with and can't be changed but I can work to try and change my present and future.  I am also willing and happy to help others who are struggling the way I did if they want my help because I received help from people here on SD...Which is why I do owe a big thanks for this sub and all of you though.  SD is an incredible place that played a huge part in saving my life as well as possibly my kids' lives who won't have to grow up without a dad (either literally or figuratively).  This was one of the most important tools for me early on and I am forever grateful for its existence and all of its participants.  I also want to specifically thank /u/offtherocks again who I will forever be grateful to because it was his posts and comments that really rang true to me and helped me transform.  Amazing how someone I will never meet could have such a profound effect on my life. ..Lastly I remember early on reading posts by people who had just completed a year and it seemed impossible for me.  So for everyone out there reading this who is struggling with alcohol addiction I think /u/VictoriaElaine said it best recently with  You can do it IF YOU WORK FOR IT. .
----------immediate responses--------

It's awesome to hear how you're doing. What a difference a year makes!
Congrats - awesome! Thanks for sharing. Did you by any chance read the EasyWay books by Allen Carr? Some of your thought process sounds the same. His books helped me. I have ZERO desire for alcohol at all none. I am not depriving myself of anything by staying sober - in fact - it is the opposite. WOOHOO I can't wait to go 1 year and be a dino like you! :)
Thank you so much and congratulations. Reading this has definitely helped me stay sober tonight. 
Awesome story.  Thanks for sharing!
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/QajFmR2.jpg)
great job keep it up!.
Congrats on your year. Invite to Dinos in your mailbox
I am SUPER HAPPY FOR YOU!!!
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing your story. Your enthusiasm is infectious!
Congratulations /u/Giasone_3 on your 1-Year anniversary!  I see where Slip has already invited you to join us on r/dinos--you are a role model my friend.
Congratulations on your year!
This is a fucking awesome post!  I REALLY liked reading it.  Congrats man.  Well done.  
&gt; I did my recovery the way I did on purpose because I did not want to have to live with the desire to drink. I did not want to think of drinking as some pleasurable thing that I was forbidding myself from doing. Instead I learned the truth..Making that connection changed everything for me.
So so happy for you! Thank you for sharing.
Wow! What a great post! Congrats! Yes. What a year a difference makes!!!
Congrats on a year - it's a huge achievement to overcome addiction like that and really own it. I've found myself sharing your confidence in my own victory but then a voice in my head will say "hey drink one of those beers wifey has in the fridge. you deserve it" and I catch myself. The voice is still there for me weakened and lonely for sure but still in the building. That's what this place is for. Thanks for posting.
Congratulations!!!
Happy cake day! 
Congrats! Inspiring stuff. Hope to join you in 11 short months.
Great job brother! [\o/](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVxnNNGjubg)
Reading this really helped me. Thank you!
Kudos! That is very inspiring and I hope to follow in your footsteps. ..Let me ask - did you read Carr's book on alcohol? I'm reading it and a couple things you said sounded like his mindset. 
Good for you. Happy you r in a much better place. What a difference a year makes. 
Congratulations on your accomplishment :)
&gt; When I am done I flush the toilet and leave so why do I want to continue to spend time focused on bad times in my past now that I've worked through them and moved on?..Something to keep in mind and not just about alcohol but most stuff on life...
Sounds almost like me...dropping my end of responsibility over and over to drink and sleep in the car.. I am going to save your post and read it every week..  You have very similar thinking as I do alsoready to move on with my lifebut for now I am coming back here working to stay sober and LOVING SD...Also lots of your content echosmith Allen Carrwhich I just finished a few days ago and that is the real dealchange your thinking about booze from "fun" and "sociable" to poison and worthless and Voila'.. Thanks for your post.
