-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3e4u44/366_days_ago/

I sat in a cinder-block walled motel room with a disposable plastic water cup containing exactly 5 cl of vodka (the smallest bottle sold at the store)...According to the instructions in Allan Carr's book I sat on the end of my motel room bed and drank warm vodka...Blech!..That was the most difficult drink I've ever had; it also was the most informative...I realized then I had just spent twenty-one years staying high in some capacity or another using nasty foul tasting smelly dirty and dangerous chemicals...I wanted out and I was finally willing to do anything for it...My ego wouldn't allow me to admit I really had a problem or that I was an alcoholic but I stayed stopped...I visited here and read and shared with others who have experienced and wanted the same or similar to me. Those countless people and words gave me strength and helped me realize that I was an addict and that I was not alone...Although I will likely never meet any of you; thank you for sharing yourselves. I hope I have and can continue to give back in kind...The person I was before drugs has come back; my strength and intelligence and some of my youth has returned. I've discovered new abilities like a more even keeled emotional platform from which I base my decisions. I'm finally learning compassion for myself and others; it's a bright little light...To anyone out there lurking or just starting or going through a relapse. I've been there it's okay. There are people here for you...To those with years of sobriety I look forward to more of this. I hope we all can learn everyday from our sobriety...I love each of you for the person you are. I hope each of you have a wonderful day.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your anniversary; an invite to join us on /r/dinos will follow in your inbox.
Congratulations and thanks for the post! 
Very cool. Carr's book was very insightful to me too...Lots of people are celebrating one year this week. I'm pretty stoked for all of you. Congrats!
Lovely post and congratulations on continued success. Just finished his book found it quite helpful.
Reading these success stories really make me determined to stay sober. 
-drops mic-
Nice one on getting out  congrats on 365 days :)
Congrats on one year!
Great depiction of your journey. Congrats! Allen Carr's book was the light bulb going off for me.
