-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3e8mw6/rough_day_but_i_wont_drink_today/

Big fight with my wife this morning and I'm bummed. 74 days ago I relapsed under similar circumstances. I don't want to drink and I know it'll only make things worse. I had a difficult time staying sober after the last relapse and I sure as hell don't want to go through that again.  I don't think I'll even leave the house tonight... I'm feeling too vulnerable. I need to survive 7 more hours and I know things will look brighter tomorrow...Sorry about the pity party but I could use a few words of encouragement. I don't want to make the same mistake I made 74 days ago.
----------immediate responses--------

Tomorrow you will wake up clear headed and proud of yourself for staying sober. You won't have to apologize for your drunken behavior and feel all the regret that goes along with that. Sometimes that alone is a great day in my opinion...Sorry to read about the fight with your spouse. It will pass and staying sober is smart way to make sure of that.  
Show her that you've learned from the past and stay strong through this. Like you said just stay home for the night maybe watch a movie and tomorrow will be a better day.
I don't know the right way to say this but I was shocked when you announced your relapse 74 days ago.  Your user name jumps out at me and I feel like I'd seen a lot of your very helpful posts and then BAM I was kinda like "holy shit it got THAT guy?"  ..Stay strong. I'm rooting for you to over come this one.  Keep posting.  I agree sliding into the pitcher plant is probably not the alternative you will be happy with.   
You only need to survive six more hours now. The good thing about mistakes is that we can learn from them. ..&gt; I don't want to drink and I know it'll only make things worse....I don't think I'll even leave the house tonight... I'm feeling too vulnerable...Good lesson. Thanks teach! :)
My girlfriend got mad at me for telling her that I am getting a cat today. We have previously discussed this but she still got mad. There is literally no winning (unless I do not get a cat); and I have been without any animal for 5+ years. If she gives me the ultimatum I will choose the cat. Cats never give ultimatums! Somehow this made me want to drink but I've also been in kind of a funk over the past couple months. I'm trying to keep my head low and do the next right thing. Keep on keeping on!
Good work here /u/pitcher_plant.  I don't know about you but I didn't need excuses to relapse but certainly the SO and my interaction with her was always a convenient one.  I stopped letting that be an excuse.  
