-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ech7h/pink_cloud_and_beyond/

Hey all..Trying to get better at being more present and less sporadic here. Was looking for some folks to share experiences or just lend a little encouragement today...I think that I got way too overconfident that the pink cloud of my first 90+ days was my new reality and that I'd be the one person who could just be in perpetual bliss forever after getting clean. I've always struggled with anxiety and the occasional panic attacks--though for many years I kept them "at bay" with drinking (and the lovely combo of a benzo prescription which--by some damn miracle--I never abused but boy did it make life hard.) Now the anxiety and panic are back in full force. Fortunately I know (at least today beyond a shadow of a doubt) that drinking will only compound this stuff and make matters one hundred times worse and I have no urges or desires in that direction. But man my serenity is absolutely in the toilet. I literally feel like the ONLY thing going right for me is the fact that I'm not drinking...Anyone have similar experience? Is 90+ days an unusually long time to be riding high obliviously on the pink cloud? Is it an unusual for the pink cloud to burst just... SUDDENLY and with a really loud boom?
----------immediate responses--------

My experience is that 90 days even 105 days might be a little early to think that a Pink Cloud came and went.  We do tend to get a little euphoric when we survive to recovery but in my experience a true Pink Cloud may still be a ways off from the first 3 months but again that's just my experience.  Sustained time sober will yield many happy and joyous moments so don't get out of the Roller Coaster yet ; )
Hi there! I'm so happy for you that you haven't taken a drink despite coming across hard times. I too am guilty of being in a state and imagining it to be perpetual whether it be bliss or panic. "This too shall pass" has helped me out a lot of times. You are also absolutely right that drinking only seems to compound problems! Life has highs and lows and to me the journey of sobriety is how to realistically deal with each. My bubble has popped many a time but as long as I held on it was generally followed by greater periods of serenity. May I ask if you have implemented any structure to staying sober? For me its always important to have a plan for when things take a turn for the worse. I personally find relief working in AA even though it may not be for some. Stay strong and I believe in you! 
Hello fellow roller coaster rider! In my experience I was riding pretty high for the first month then lower for the second and now I'm back up. I do get hit with days of heightened anxiety or depression but it comes in waves and then I'm back up again. Lately I've learned to look at my thoughts as "healthy" or "diseased" the latter being the type to make me go back to drinking. I can't control my emotions once they come but I can set myself up for which ones I experience. That means working out thinking positive making gratefulness lists going to AA meetings talking to other alcoholics reaching out working the steps meditating being of service etc etc etc. All these things reduce the risk of me going into that dark place...That said some days all I can manage is not drinking and that's OK. Many people in AA say "the only thing I've done perfectly in this program is not take a drink."
I kept going to meetings the thing that really changed me was hanging out with sober people.  Being able to do things i enjoy and not have anyone drinking while doing it is pretty awesome.
It seems to have happened to me.  A few weeks ago I felt like I would never go back and just the last few days I have really wanted to drink.  What keeps me sober is being brutally honest with myself and my closest companions and reading and posting here.  And I don't use AA but I do occasionally go to speaker meetings to hear others' experiences because from what I can tell we alcoholics are a lot better at being honest and accountable with each other than we are with ourselves.
