-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ede8n/my_progress_moderate_drinking/

Hi everyone. It's been months since my last and only post so I decided to give you all an update. I apologise but it might be a bit chaotic...First of all I wanna thank you for creating this subreddit. It has helped me a lot. I check it daily. Reading your stories gave me a great insight and also gave me a courage so turn my life around...So here's what happened in the last months:..1. I stopped drinking alcohol for about a month and I noticed a major shift in my thinking. Life without a hangover is great...2. How did I do it? I didn't just wake up one day and suddenly stopped craving alcohol. But I got to the point that I was so freaking done with feeling miserable. That drinking was no longer an option for me. Indeed it was very tough and I struggled with this in the beginning like most of you but I got through it. There is no magic here...3. The thing that really helped me was embracing my feelings. I started to "celebrate" my feelings. Instead of coming home from work and pouring myself a glass of wine to "relax" I spent a lot of time crying and feeling miserable. I finally started to confront my own feelings...4. I started to take care of myself but because I am a lazy person all I did was taking long baths every night to relax and make the time pass..It's brilliant! Try it out yourself...5. I took a closer look at my destructive behaviour and recognised some patterns. Drinking at home is a big NO for me...6. I didn't quit completely because that doesn't work for me...yet. If something is completely "forbidden" to me I will crave it like crazy. Perhaps I need more time..However my attitude towards alcohol has changed and if that was not the case I would never go back to "moderate drinking"..I made a vow that I will no longer drink at home because that's what became a problem for me. .I never really drank alcohol while being out. .Anyway I only drank on 3 occasions in the past months. Not more than 2 drinks. And to my amazement I've noticed that I don't actually enjoy drinking alcohol. It just reminds me of the dark days so I might actually quit completely at some point...I don't know where this is going to take me and if I am an alcoholic or not but I do realise that I have some sort of problem with alcohol so I am going to watch myself very closely...Thanks for reading my rant :)
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing!  I'm quitting for now but I'm like you in that when something is 'forbidden' I must have it and all of it right freaking now!  :)
I like hearing about different approaches to moderation/cessation so please keep posting! 
"But I got to the point that I was so freaking done with feeling miserable." That's me. I'm over it. I also like your method of celebrating feelings. I need to confront my own feelings too.
I *sincerely* hope that you have better luck with moderation than I ever did- it always ended up in misery for me. Keep coming back! :)
I really enjoyed your post! I am on day 31 after vowing only to be sober 30 days- I will be sober tomorrow at a wedding too. I'm proceeding cautiously and appreciate your insight. 
"If we're struggling to control something then it's probably out of control."..
I really like what you shared about confronting your feelings-that has been a must for me too in my own recovery.  It's not easy because I was always used tonumbing out but it can be done as you have shown.
For me there's always going to be some outside event that makes me think that it's okay just for one night to drink at home. Then it will be okay the next night etc. So simply not drinking at home wouldn't work for me. I hope you continue your success.
&gt;If something is completely "forbidden" to me I will crave it like crazy...This is so true. My major breakthrough was when I hit 310 days and I felt good about going back to drinking. And the strangest thing happened: I didn't want to go back to drinking! At that point it became a choice. I chose not drinking over drinking. Nothing was forcing me one way or the other.  If you like drinking then I say drink! It's just not for me. Not something I want. Good luck.
Lurker here .... on day 12 !   Thanks for this post.  I felt bad because I 'slipped' and shared a whiskey with my sister in law who walked up an handed me a drink and then another day a single glass of wine to have a celebratory toast for someone's birthday.   ..But I guess moderation is okay if that's all it ever is and until I read your post I didn't have 'permission' to do that.  Thank you :-)
