-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3efox9/90_days_of_sobriety/

Today marks 90 days of living without the dependency of any drugs or alcohol. I feel fantastic. Not only do I look incredible feel energetic and am mentally sharper than I have been since middle school (I am 32 now) but some amazing things have happened to me in the past 90 days. For example last week I accepted my dream job as sole in-house legal counsel at a private software (SaaS) company. No more billable law firm hours for me. This never would have happened had I been destroying my body. While drinking I was a coaster. What I mean by that is I never lived up to my potential and thought a simple routine would allow me to keep my sanity. I was content with doing the bare minimum. I liked my law firm attorney gig only because it was comfortable. I could litigate a complex matter hungover easily just not well. But now that I have a clear head I know there is way more out there for me and I truly am capable of anything I set my mind to. Corporate counsel has always been my dream so I aggressively pursued an opening and now I get to do it starting the first week in August. Wow. I also got to attend a 10 day family reunion/vacation earlier this month completely sober. Finally getting to spend time with my family in a foreign place without the crutch of alcohol was eye-opening and a wonderful experience. Not spending a vacation in a mental fog is how one is supposed to spend a vacation. Also since I quit drinking in the sports world I witnessed and remember witnessing a Triple Crown horse winner LeBron losing another NBA Finals Jordan Spieth winning two majors and the Houston Astros finally being out of the basement. The fact that I care about sports again is another testament to sobriety. My golf game has also drastically improved as I found out it is easier to hit a sandshot when you don't have the "John Daly shakes." ..In essence though while I do owe my decision to finally quit drinking forever to myself I most likely would have "relapsed" by now without the stopdrinking subreddit. The badge kept me honest and gave me something to hold me accountable. Likewise reading and sharing stories and ideas with others has been inspiring and helpful. If you are lurking please join the fray when you are mentally ready. We are (for the most part) all good people from what I can tell. ..90 days of normalcy down a lifetime to go. Living as I am supposed to is nothing to celebrate but it feels pretty damn good.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the inspiration and congratulations on 90 days!
Hooray for you!!! Any celebration planned? I recommend cake and ice cream :D
This was so nice to read - thanks and well done!
You're a bit in front of me in age and days but your story personally resonates. You're my inspiration to not drink today thanks. 
Hooray!!! Congratulations on 90 days! That's a quarter of a year of sobriety! ..Thanks for sharing. It was an uplifting read :)
great job!!  When I was drinking and golfing I was a mess.  My emotions always got the better of me even if I didn't show it or act like a baby.  Keep up the good work!
