-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3egmec/moving_on/

My last few post were incredibly negative and eventually got removed by admins for good reason... ..I have moved past my anger and self loathing I cannot change the past I did the things I did I won't forget them but I will learn from them.  I've stopped using my counter as some kind of count down like at some point I'll reach a number and suddenly I'll be able to drink again... ..I've stopped focusing on the negative and just going to live my life sober and make up for lost time.  I started being social again and not let the fact that I'm sober control every aspect of my life. No more I can't do this can't do that.  .. ..I think part of my anger spurred from the fact that while I have been successful at not drinking I still have the same issues and responsibilities as before.  Like I assumed everything would just be instantly solved by not drinking.  Like the world would suddenly be a better place if I was sober.  Bad things still happen bills still need to be paid the boss still yells and the kids still act up.  But I'm ok with that and I'm always in the right mind set to deal with problems rationally... ..I didn't have a problem actually not drinking this is my first time I put any effort into actually quitting and I exclusively used this forum as my only resource and I didn't understand how people had such a hard time.  Watching my brother struggle and relapse and end up in rehab and the hospital.  I was angry at him we actually haven't spoken since his last relapse in which I had  very little compassion.  I now know that was wrong everyone struggles and works through it in their own way.  Because I wasn't drinking I thought that was it.  But what I didn't realize was yes I didn't have urges or relapses my sobriety was negatively affecting my entire mind set like I was better then him or some crazy shit.  My mind was warped.  My wife said something to be a few weeks back that really hit home.  She said "your never happy you will never be happy no matter how good things are.". Here I am 7 or so months in thinking I had it all figured out and reality I was angry for no reason. I took the past month and have really worked on my mental health.  I've forgiven myself with the condition that from that day forward I will be a better person better husband father son brother friend.  I want to be a bright spot in someone's day not a storm cloud... ..Everyone leads such a unique complex life it's hard to wrap your head around the fact that every single person you walk past has there own struggles opinions thoughts priorities emotions and general mind set.  The world doesn't revolve around me I am a single person I don't need to agree with everyone or even attempt to understand them.  I'm doing my best to not judge accept and be empathetic...Keep it up all if sobriety is something you want to do then do it.  Give it your all find what works for you.  Everyone is different if your struggling push through.  You can control it.  Don't drink today that's always step one.  Tomorrow is in the future live in the moment and as long as you're sober in the present you'll always be sober... ..Thank you to everyone in this sub I lurk and read more then you would know and I apologize for the negativity I brought to the community in the past.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes alcohol was but a symptom. In my experience the real problem was in my mind. Abstaining from alcohol did relatively nothing for me. Once I actually started to deal with my issues my whole world shifted and got drastically better. Someone once posted this on here and I saved it because I think it hits the nail on the head: .."Just quitting drinking (without addressing any of the issues that leads you to drink) is just a waste of time and emotional energy..Getting "sober" and getting into "Recovery" is about healing...not-drinking is a great first step...but it's just a first step!"..I'm glad you made these realizations and posted this. Wish you the best! Blessings
Having made some terrible decisions that hurt people *after* I stopped drinking you're not alone on this path and this discovery. Good on you for hanging in there and continuing to be open to feedback and learning. That took me a while. 
Wow powerful post. It takes courage to admit a lot of the things you did. I can relate HEAVILY to "Like I assumed everything would just be instantly solved by not drinking". I pretty recently was beat down by the exact same thing. I thought all I had to do in order to be a happy/good person was not drink. It took me nearly losing my job and losing my girlfriend to realize that no being sober is not merely enough for an alcoholic like me. I have to stay VERY vigilant of my deficiencies and work to improve upon them. Every day. I'm actually really starting to enjoy the progress that comes with the work. It's absolutely wonderful you came across this realization after only 7 months. I've heard many stories of people simply being dry drunks or "white-knuckling" it for years. My experience of being a dry drunk for a while was in retrospect pretty miserable. It's no way to live and I'm so happy to hear your revelations! Have a great sober weekend. 
