-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3eljlt/relapsed/

I feel awful. Spent last night drinking with my wife then kept drinking after she went to bed. Feel like shit and deserve it. 100 days down the tubes...I want my sobriety back...  And I want this hangover over with...Sorry guys...I'm ashamed.
----------immediate responses--------

The 100 days are still yours they're not gone. You can start an even better streak today. Try to take this as an opportunity to grow and improve as best you can. Many people believe in you including me. You can do it!
Welcome back!
Your wife doesn't support your sobriety decision?
Don't be ashamed. Most of us have relapsed. Be proud of the 100 days you stayed sober and know you can do it again one day at a time. I commend you for your honesty and for sharing it. You got this.
You can get back to 100 and then some one day at a time 
I tried several times to quit for over a year and kept falling on my face...Not suggesting you intentionally relapse but you'll find that you come back with a greater vengeance each time until you succeed.
It's not 100 days down the tube...There's a great saying - I never lose. Either I win or I learn...Thanks for sharing. We all fall down; it's what we do next that defines us.
I've relapsed more times than I'll say but for the streaks that I don't I know it's better for me and that I'm generally a better person. So it's not perfect but at least you are working for it. Just go longer than 100 on the next try if that helps.
You got this! All the progress you made is still meaningful. 
Just be proud of yourself that you're learning from this and starting again not using it as an excuse to keep drinking (which is what I've done so many times in the past). And maybe think of the 100 days in brackets in front of your new number :) 
Thank you for sharing that. I never want to relapse and people who share how and why they did help me see the dangers. ..I know I can not drink in moderation. That is my foundation for why I've quit. ..That said I used to enjoy having a drink with my wife too. She's one of those "normal" drinkers. ..Hang in there friend and thanks again for sharing. 
