-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3eohxd/its_been_a_while_and_my_life_is_all_but_destroyed/

I'll try to keep this short but my wife asked me to 5 mos. ago.  ..I went to rehab but when I got back she was still hesitant about many things.  We had a texting argument about me getting some things from the house while she was out of town at her parents...Long story short: you can have a restraining order filed against you without ever threatening someone or using profanity...I relapsed - she filed for separation...My drinking hasn't been terrible but it has not been good...I got busted drunk on Friday and a girl who used to hit on me emails me and says she wants to talk.  Of course I say yes...We ended up having sex and now I don't know what to do.  I have been married for 13 years and alcohol and bad choices have ruined everything...My wife says she still wants to work on things but I know she won't if I tell her about this.  I know that I have to tell her b/c I can't keep it from her forever - but it just sucks...I'm venting here.  For the first time in my life I actually don't want to drink anymore.  Except my rock-bottom actually cost me all that I care about.  I hate how that works.  I lost everything and finally don't want to drink but now it doesn't even matter.  I can only see my kids with supervision and I am jobless...Sorry - I just had to tell someone the truth.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad youre here buddy. Sorry to read of your situation. If you want to face yourself this sub is a great place to start. Hang in there man.
That sounds like a shitty situation. I hope things work out for you.  
[deleted]
Are you gonna hit up a meeting?.
It took me losing my wife and kids my house most of my clients (basically unemployed now) and all money and credit before I felt I hit rock bottom. I decided the last thing I have to lose is my own life so I went to my first (agnostic) aa meeting today. Day 1 and all is lost except for my life. I feel your story just sounds too similar to mine. Good luck man!...
