-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3eqwh9/self_deception_and_the_real_balance/

*The big question: do I honestly really actually want to stop drinking or am I just deceiving myself?*..*Reasons not to drink:*.*Yep. Save money feel energetic have a clear mind avoid depression get healthy lose weight save your liver look better and so on. I know all of that but I still drink.*..Those reasons are not working for me. They can motivate me for a while but then I always go back to drinking. ..There must be something invisible in the balance that weighs more than all those  not to drink  reasons combined. Or alternatively I am doing the calculations somehow wrong. Or I am just stupid. This post is my first step to find out the REAL BALANCE...Comments and ideas are welcome.....Backgrounder: ..General.I just recently lost a job and a girlfriend and am experiencing the biggest life crisis so far asking myself  how the heck did all of that just happen??  .As in: what was I doing and thinking for the past 10 years! .Who am I really? .What will happen in the coming years?.What do I want and do I even care??..Economic .I currently live alone in a big city far from home.  Money is not a big problem yet as I don't have huge debts and living alone can be made cheap with simple planning and skipping the luxuries. Eating away my savings though. In fact I pretty much live out of a suitcase right now. Threw away a lot of stuff as I left my apartment...Health..I am in moderately good shape as I exercise a bit. ..Psychological.As I was laid off suddenly I surprised myself by feeling excited! Hey now I could really change my life! Could have a period of time to do all the stuff I was putting off to the future: read widely learn music learn foreign languages get in shape write poetry and a novel paint sculpt.. everything!.But after the intense shock of my relationship breakdown and the loss of my job has subsided a bit I now feel kind of numb and mediocre and nervous at the same time. .Amateurish self diagnosis: mild depression getting usually worse in the evenings..I am in a cycle of exercising and reading books which goes on for a few days at a stretch. Then relapsing to binge drinking which usually starts with one bar night with a friend. ..Booze.It gives a lift in the evenings when the hours loom really long and dark before bedtime..Nearly the only social life I currently have is meeting a friend at a bar or go to a friendly bar where I know the bartender and can talk with random people around the counter..As I am a bit introverted booze helps to relax and talk to people..But even drinking alone is better than idling the night hours away sober..I don't usually feel like drinking during the day at all. But the urge comes on strong around the same time as it starts to get dark...Medication.I haven't tried any medication to reduce the urge I'd rather find the real healthy life balance where I don't need to drink or take meds. I wouldn't rule out taking therapy or visiting a support group though..
----------immediate responses--------

