-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3falfy/struggling/

I'm really struggling with wanting a drink. When I don't drink I often feel so sad. I have so many problems and I feel overwhelmed. I know a drink would make me feel better. ..Sorry. Just feeling blue this morning...ETA. Maybe I should change my username. It's not very fitting.
----------immediate responses--------

It's totally OK and normal to want a drink. There's nothing wrong at all with that feeling--it's just a feeling and will come and go. Just because you want to does NOT mean that you have to.
I've had similar feelings and it is hard. Sometimes we decide to drink to shut out brains off and avoid the dialogue in our minds over the decision. But that dialogue will start again if we give into it. The more we decide that no we will not drink those voices slowly decline. Someone wise once told me "Whether you do it or not the feeling will pass." Try and distract yourself and not go on a ride with those feelings. It will pass very soon. Don't view not drinking as something you're missing out on or something you have quit view it as a healthy choice you have made turn it into a positive. 
Feel for you bud.  I've got problems too but I've realized that alcohol is how I *cope* with them.  And you cope with things you've given up on fixing.  I'm ready to start fixing!..Easier said then done I know.  But there's a reason you're here and one week in.  And it's not because alcohol solved your problems.  I can tell you that if I had the same badge you did I wouldn't have had the miserable humiliating weekend I did.  There's only 2 days difference between our badges.  2 days of sobriety.  But I'd give you so much for them if they were transferable!
It's normal to be sad about quitting. I think of it a little bit like a breakup. Even if your ex was really bad for you and you are much better off there's going to be some sadness involved...When I quit for the last time I found AA meetings very helpful. They helped me reframe it. Instead of thinking of myself as deprived of drink I was able to start embracing sobriety. I don't think I could have done that on my own.
I encourage you to push through it. Im making assumptions here but you probably know you cant drink and be the person you want to be that is why you are here for help and support not drinking. That being said this is a part of getting sober if you drink you will have to revisit this feeling. For me I reset my clock over and over for two years but when I pushed through the rough beginning the negative/depressing feelings passed and I built from there. Hold strong my friend and push through thr rough beginning. I'm pulling for you. 
Don't.  If you need a phone number to call to speak to another human being feel free to PM me and I'll talk with you.  ..Watch a TV show.  Punch a pillow.  Run. Bike. Anything but drink. ..I want to see you make it to seven.  ..Let me see that seven tomorrow K?
I second those who say 1) yes for me it was sort of like a breakup in the first few days when I said I was completely done drinking and 2) phrasing or reframing it as a positive was helpful for me. Instead of the numerous times I "quit" in the past because I "couldn't" drink and I "gave up" alcohol I am now viewing this as a choice I have made to pursue a sober special joyous healthy life being 100% myself! It's an addition to my life not something that I've taken away. I also believe that the fatigue I am experiencing is because my [brain and body are doing their job restoring themselves.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/) So I'm pretty stoked about the healing going on too. 
