-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fe7cz/made_it_through_my_works_summer_party_without/

With only just over a week's sobriety under my belt I was really worried about this one as I previously relapsed at my work's Christmas party and had been drinking very heavily on weekends since then. We went to watch horse racing (not really my thing) and there was also a cider festival going on there as well which made it even harder as cider was my drink. But I made it through without drinking and had a good laugh with my colleagues too!..I then went to join one of my friends back in the city where I live to celebrate him leaving his job (I used to work there too). It was good to catch up with everyone but most of them were completely wasted & coked up so I just got bored and drove home after a couple of hours. It feels really good that I made it through and seeing my friends' facebook posts this morning about how bad their hangovers are I have absolutely no regrets!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad it went well for you. I would like to share a caution that I have for myself and that is it is okay to not go to triggering events particularly in early sobriety. A lot of us test out our sobriety by putting ourselves in slippery situations. Glad to hear that the experience was positive for you!
Seconding /u/deedeethecat. In my observation drunks are expert at setting themselves up. "I'm buying this sixpack to keep in the fridge in case friends stop over." That kind of thing. Feeling required to go to events where we know people will be using (especially at the level of the one you went to - YIKES) is dangerous for me. Dangerous as hell. Especially when I was new to this but even now. I feel no obligation whatsoever to attend such events. My sobriety comes before everything and everyone else. Just my .02 pre-tax. Good luck.
One experienc I had like this taught me an invaluable lesson- drunk-fests ARE boring!  ..So nowadays I do attend work or social events but I arrive early and leave early before the mayhem.  Also I have found that if I'm around social drinkers who aren't getting hammered it doesn't bother me at all. But if I'm feeling at all squirrely I don't go.  This is something I've worked out over time...But in early sobriety I did go to a party because I felt left out socially and by the time I got there everyone was wasted.  It was boring and stupid and I left- knowing that I wasn't missing anything.  Til then I had thought I was missing FUN.  I wasn't.
