-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fi5ra/my_home_group_mourned_a_member_yesterday/

We were told in our eleven thirty meeting that a young lady had been found an hour or two earlier. She'd been in and out of the rooms for around ten years and had several addictions although none to any serious drugs. Since I've known her it's been clear that she was a damaged person but she kept trying. She'd relapse on booze for a couple of weeks then turn up again looking for the solution. Sadly she never found it in depths that might have saved her. She wasn't an easy person to get on with for sure could be disruptive and rude but in the main people liked her for who she was underneath her shield. Apparently hard drugs were involved although not the definite cause of death but her relapse began with that first drink. If she hadn't drank it's unlikely that she'd have taken drugs. If she hadn't drank she'd more than likely still be here. It was like a bucket of icy water the way it wakened us all up to the fact yet again that this is a killer disease. Make no mistakes it'll kill us any way it can...RIP Hailey.
----------immediate responses--------

Crikey sorry to hear that. Scary stuff :(
That's a hard message. Brutally hard but probably a good warning for any of us. 
I sometimes wonder how many people we've lost from here. In the past 365 days we've had over 19254 posts and 222968 comments made by 10415 separate users.  Just numbers-wise it's a near certainty that it's happened several times.  And none of us has any idea.  I suppose that's one of the drawbacks of an online support group--we're shielded from some of the harsher elements of reality...RIP Hailey.
RIP Hailey you're not suffering any more unless St. Peter is telling Dad jokes again! Say hi to my friend Ryin you'll love her!
Sorry to hear that. I pray I never forget the potential costs of that first drink.
Hopefully this story can help someone out there who is considering moderation. All it takes is one drink to start that slippery slope. Thanks for sharing. 
That's so sad. It's frightening too. RIP Hailey.
RIP.
