-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fjb4w/i_lost_a_year_of_my_life_to_alcohol/

Hello everyone..For about two years of my life I've been struggling with depression. I always used drink to self-medicate but my desire to drink was curbed slightly by the risk of being caught by my parents so I'd sometimes sneakily buy alcohol and have it in my room or something. My parents let me drink but they objected to me drinking excessively...However a year ago I moved out my parents house and into university and I started ordering alcohol for myself and being able to drink it whenever. I drank an average of 10 cans of beer a day. Every day I'd start drinking late afternoon and I usually wouldn't stop drinking until 4 in the morning. The alcohol never ever made me happy; it made me forget what happiness was. People would sometimes find it weird that I drank alone in my room and I wasn't even sure what it would be like to spend an evening sober...Worst of all I had a girlfriend. We'd been together for just over a year before I went to university. I had issues with depression and I certainly wasn't a perfect boyfriend then but compared to this year just been we were happy...The weird thing is that it's been about six months since she broke up with me and a year since we were really happy together and for me that year doesn't even exist. I'm back in my parents house for the summer and I'm cycling around to all the places we used to go and it genuinely feels like yesterday. I remember we went to the May fete (British fair thing) in 2014 and I remember it like it was May of this year...I didn't go to any of my lectures at uni. I didn't do any of my reading. I went to my seminars because I had to. I showed up to all of my exams drunk and walked out early from all of them. I sat in my room and I drank. And sometimes I'd go outside and I'd smoke and I'd drink. The closest I came to doing anything was going to the pub and drinking...I feel like I'm a bit young to be being so melodramatic about my life. It was only my 20th year on this planet but I'm smart enough to realise that year was thrown away...Everyone's so proud of me since I went to university. They think that I'm in my element - that I'm finally going to be a big success - and I've come out of my shell...The moment where it all clicked for me was about a week ago. I gave a speech for my dad's 50th birthday. It was a bloody good speech. People laughed my sister even cried and for that moment I was what everyone wanted me to be. I was smart and articulate and confident and respected. But then people started buying me drinks. And then I started buying me drinks. By the end of the night I was a wreck and I guarantee nobody respected me then...So I've made the decision to try and quit drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you Love! I started to drink early in life (in my teens really) but in my 20s it got really bad once I "cut the apron strings" and moved out into my own house with my then-boyfriend (soon-to-be-fiance) and I was able to go up the street to the pub whenever I wanted to go. That didn't fare well for me and caused a lot of problems in the relationship. We stayed together though (together 24 years and married now for 21 years) and once I had found out I was pregnant with our first child in 1998 I quit easily. I never really got back to it until April and May of this year when I tried to commit suicide twice. I ended up in the hospital (psych) and even though I am out now I still carry that tendency to hurt myself...so I self-medicate by drinking myself into oblivion sometimes. Even when I don't get drunk I need to have some kind of alcohol in my body every day or I get restless and I feel like I will crawl out of my skin...I applaud your decision to stop now. :) I hope your days are bright and happy when you are alcohol-free and I wish the best for you. ..Stay strong!!..
good call we're here if ya need us. 
How is uni going? If it's a first year that 'doesn't count' I assume you're ok. Second year DOES count though so have you got some strategies in place for getting through it?..You're not too young to quit at all you're doing some great self reflection here and have some insights I wish I did at your age. Ultimately it's up to you but that you're considering it is in itself valuable I think...Also university services will have counselling etc on campus. I used ours it was only surface work nothing deep but it helped me a bit whilst I was struggling. 
