-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fw5sz/7_months_sober_never_been_as_stressed_out_in_my/

I quit drinking January 1st of this year. It has gotten easier as the months wear on. I still have to file my 2013 taxes and 2014 taxes I was in an alcoholic coma for many years and let this slip. I am planning to file the 13 in august and 14 in september. My marriage is better my relationships with my kids is better. I am dealing with more interpersonal non-family stress than I ever have before. My neighbor wrecked their car into our car a few weeks ago and was passed out at the wheel (drunk) in my driveway for over an hour before we found them I have had several friendships end painful but I think there is opportunity for growth my wife's mother died from liver cancer this year I am almost broke I have about 7k to my name but my house is paid for. I have about 45k in debt. I have a job where I make about 110k (it is a stressful job but a good job). All in all I am thankful that I am sober despite the stress. I am thankful I never killed anyone while I stupidly drank my life away. I could be in prison and would deserve it. My point if there is any: the stress of daily living is constant whether you choose to drink it away and ignore issues or live a sober life. I was so stressed this morning I could not eat but I am feeling better now. I ran 3 miles before bed last night and spent 2 hours talking to the wife and kids it was great. What I know is today when I leave my job I have a choice to make I can drive home do the things I am expected to do or I can fall back into the pattern of drinking to numb the pain of life and continue the downward spiral and destroy my health life and family. I chose the latter for many years and I am thankful that I am off that highway to hell. It is a terrible terrible feeling when the booze wears off around 2am or 3am and you are laying wherever you are thinking of the pain the lies the suffering praying to die thinking of suicide thinking of a way out fearful of the mess I would have to face that day. How utterly terrible. I once thought alcoholism was a myth anyone could quit at any time. I now have sympathy for people struggling with this terrible disease. I am thankful for this subreddit I have learned so much from everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
That's right there is stress if you drink or don't drink. Good job handling it.
Great post. Continued success to you and your amazing journey. I have a LOT more sympathy for addicts of all kinds now too. And a different attitude for the everyday stresses of what I now call "real life" meaning non-clouded true feelings and experiences and decision-making. Thanks for the inspiring post. 
You sound like a certified bad ass man keep it up and thank you for sharing.
Good job on the work so far. Is there any way for you to reduce that stress?  I've had to learn a lot about letting go it's helped me out considerably. I'm trying to not die from a heart attack before my 40th birthday. ..Hope you have a great day. 
