-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3fwfct/im_back_thoughts_on_relapsing/

Welp I put together 75 days from March through late May and did the classic thing where I thought I had it under control and could be moderate again. Thinking I am exceptional is a lifelong issue for me as well...Moderation was immediately off the menu. It's almost comical how quickly things went back off the rails -- literally the night I decided I'd just have two I ended up drinking 8-10. And with that I was right back in the swing of it: binge drinking at least once often twice and sometimes three times a week for the last 2  months solidly. Days completely lost to exhaustion brain fog and physical pain...... In a way I'm thankful for this because it was my first relapse since I came to terms with my drinking problem and now I'll never think again "maybe I could just moderate" or "maybe things would be different if I was more careful this time." I know the answers to those concerns now: A resounding "NOPE." I am a person who can't drink without drinking too much. I feel very unlucky that this is the case but it's more important that I come to terms with that embarrassing reality than vainly attempting to make it otherwise...What I will do differently: Avoidance of "friends" and places that I associate with drinking a lot. If our friendship can't survive my sobriety it's not one worth keeping anyway. If being somewhere is no fun without drinking it's not a place worth going anyway...I am also maintaining a list of things I regret about drinking that I can maybe keep in my wallet or something when I'm feeling tempted. Because it's far too easy for me to forget those (dozens and dozens of) things if I want to rationalize having a beer. Has anyone done anything like this?
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have a physical list but I need only refer to some incredibly painful moments in my memory to remind me that what I'm doing now is the right thing and long and I mean LONG overdue.  Good luck with today we're here if you need us.
OK. let's do it.  
I have heard it called "you need to do more research"... it is normal to want to moderate it is normal to try to moderate and in all too many cases it is not possible to maintain the moderation. ..Until I changed my thinking I was making choices with predicable outcomes outcomes which had me drinking another drink. Sustained moderation was impossible for me. I had to sign up for lots of extra research before I hit up a great new idea.... instead of trying to figure out how to moderate and stop drinking turn my focus to learning to not start drinking. Moderation for me was a non-starter. I had to change my thinking and stop thinking about moderation...Thanks for sharing!
Welcome back. 
Thank you for posting this. I will sometimes have those thoughts of *Maybe I can control it at this point* but then I play the tape forward and see that *No... I drink to get drunk and I'll want to do it too often.* My first week sober I wrote a list of all the worst things I've done due to drinking all the things people said to me about it that hurt me and all the things I hate about myself when I drink but I haven't really looked back at it. Instead I changed my daily routine to focus on recovery and tried listening to what was suggested of me: going to AA meetings talking to other alcoholics dry people dry places reading AA literature prayer meditation etc. I also started exercising regularly and stayed active on this sub. I started seeing a therapist. I made drastic changes...I like what coolcrosby says: "Act your way into better thinking." I think that's certainly true for me.
I have a list of all of the reasons that I don't drink on my phone in Evernote.  I can pull it up instantly.  I also have a shortcut to SD on my cell phone home screen.
&gt;I am also maintaining a list of things I regret about drinking that I can maybe keep in my wallet or something when I'm feeling tempted..I made a wallet-sized list of my main motivators when I stopped drinking. I wanted to make sure I never forgot why I needed to do this.
Good to have you back! ..&gt;It's almost comical how quickly things went back off the rails...This was me too. ..My thinking has completely changed now and like you have come to accept that drinking is no longer an option for me anymore...Your new found perspective is wonderful :)..
I do a lot of writing on paper. Welcome back.
My thoughts on relapsing is. It's more than likely going to happen. Just don't beat yourself up when it does. That will just complicate shit even more and during a relapse complications are the last thing any of us need...
