-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3g0dlw/ive_noticed_an_unfamiliar_new_mindset_is_this_a/

I'm approaching four month sober!  Up until now I have struggled plenty with urges to drink and with feeling "left out" as others in my life continued to enjoy alcohol.  Those emotions would rob me of the joy of everyday experiences and cause me to avoid otherwise fun activities (cookouts visiting friends etc.).  It was lonely.  Many times I would be acutely aware of my "triggers."  The funny thing I learned about my "triggers" was that they were every emotion north or south of neutral.  Really happy?  Drink!  Really sad? Drink!  Excited? Worried? etc. Drink!  When I would get those urges I just wanted the feeling of that first drink that buzz that sweet release.  For whatever reason recently I noticed those same "triggers" but the feelings behind my desire to cope was no longer the desire to drink.  It is different now.  I still feel this impetus to "do something" but the thought of drinking no longer factors into it.  Somewhere along the way my brain kept connecting the dots that drinking leads to physical and emotional pain.  This is obviously good news; however it has surfaced the issue of how should I cope?  At times it makes me feel panic for how to deal with these emotions.  Its like at 44 years old I'm learning how to face life head on.
----------immediate responses--------

Tremendous insights /u/dgrsbr!  Keep doing what you're doing.  
My urge recently has been to run hard enough to obliterate the feeling if there's nothing I can do about it.  I used to avoid pushing hard during a run but I find I'm welcoming the pain at the moment.  Better than drinking to cope!
Weeeee! For me this happened at 5 months where I was really stressed and my first go-to thought was "Man I need to have a bath"..Amazing!!!!
It sounds like you have some pretty good ideas of how to cope. You've figured some stuff out in 4 months. ..Here's something it took me a while sober to figure out: it's OK if I don't feel good all the time. That's fine that's life. I spent my whole life trying to drink away stress sadness and other problems. (And we all know how well that works!) Being sober means you experience these things - all of them. And that's as it should be. Being sad or stressed or anxious won't kill you and it also won't last forever. You cope by experiencing your life. ..Good luck and be well.
For me moving from "not drinking" to "learning to cope" was moving into recovery. Keep going!
Let me start by saying introspection is always a good sign and 108 on a badge should feel really good. ..Here's what happened after my first year: flatline. ..Wait isn't that a bad thing?  Not for me it wasn't!  I started having three four five days in a row where my emotional state could be described as a 0 instead of a +5 or -7.  ..I started doing things that just became part of my day.  This was WILDLY different for me.  I was very used to having a huge up when I got to play a gig or had a great day at work and then a major let down after that with three days in the minus.  ..As my recovery moved on though I found I was just enjoying the gig and then going home and enjoying my kids or even a cigarette and coffee (though I have since quit smoking you get my point...).  ..We can achieve 0 days.  I still have runs of great days and days where the anxiety comes back and cripples me to bed for a couple days but the 0 days are many manifold more.  ..And that's a beautiful thing.  ..Keep fighting.  You'll get there.  ..I'm proud of you today.  Do it again tomorrow. 
I get the same way. It was the same with quitting smoking. Every time I would get the urge to smoke I would just go outside a sip a hot cup of tea. Now I feel like every time I get the urge to drink I should just run in a random direction until I'm exhausted then return to whatever I'm doing. I'll be craving water all the time and I'll get the dopamine I crave from drinking through exercise. Although all the people around you will probably think you've lost your fucking mind. 
Congrats!!!  I had the same experience but maybe about three months in.  Awesome isn't it?
Oh man learning that feeling feelings was totally normal and something I didn't have to try to control was life changing. Congrats!
I read a post here and failed to mark it because it was both so simple and profound...&gt;Part of sobriety is learning that it is OK to be uncomfortable in your own skin...I am in early recovery and so far it has been a bit of a rollercoaster ride. Meditating on the above quote has given me greater tolerance for not running into the arms of a carefully crafted buzz. It has given me an increased ability to slow down and examine my impulses. ..Writing about why I drank helped me to expose some of the myth that getting intoxicated helped me in anyway. In fact as I dig deeper I am realizing more and more that even my feeble excuses i used in the past are not valid. I was running for no logical reason besides overblown fear...I was just perpetuating the cycle of moments of euphoria for even longer amounts of time of feeling sick. To be honest I became a living manifestation of the saying that alcohol was both the cause and the cure of the same problem: ME!
&gt;however it has surfaced the issue of how should I cope? At times it makes me feel panic for how to deal with these emotions. Its like at 44 years old I'm learning how to face life head on...This is exactly how I feel right now. Thank you so much for writing this it's really hit the nail on the head for me. It feels like I'm entering a different phase now.
The awesome news is that we are never too late to learn how to deal with our emotions. I completely agree with you about even happy emotions making me want to drink. Thank you so much for posting!
&gt;Somewhere along the way my brain kept connecting the dots that drinking leads to physical and emotional pain...The brain is 100% correct on this conclusion! The more I associate bad feelings physical and mental and emotional to drinking the more I never want to touch alcohol again. The romantic ideas of alcohol expressed in books movies and our imagination aren't as good as I used to think they were.
