-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3g4ydx/cycle_of_relapse_around_30_days_need_help_bad/

Hello I'm hoping you guys can help me...I read SD daily and have for many months. I do find it very helpful along with most of the other tools I have at my disposal. I enjoy reading about people's success and I learn from reading about their failures. I have a supportive wife boss and friends I have a weekly CAADC therapist appt I've been through IOP twice detox once I've read and re-read dozens if not hundreds of books on alcoholism and addiction. I attend AA meetings and SMART meetings. I meditate each day usually for 20 mins in the AM and 20 at night. I exercise and eat well. All this and I cannot seem to stay sober for more than a month. ..Always around 30-40 days it seems the gravity of my problem becomes lighter and I no longer "want" to remain sober. I have to have the drunk. One drink leads to a 2 day blackout WITHOUT EXCEPTION. But I cannot find a way to say no to that one drink. I meditate on it I do a cost benefit analysis play the tape forward call my sponsor call a friend read recovery material distract avoid all of it. Nothing works when I want that drink. What am I doing wrong? It's like if I want the drink it is already too late. I feel as though I need to focus on making myself not want it but the reading tells me that isn't the way either. ..So anyway I'm stuck. I get sober then as I march toward 4 or 5 weeks the desire is so strong and relentless it doesn't work one day at a time. I get through one day then it is there the next morning. So I use my tools and get through that day. Then it is there even stronger the next morning. Use the tools again so on and so on until I'm exhausted. Then I cave...Any advice is greatly appreciated. Today is day 3.
----------immediate responses--------

Want and desire only carry me so far. I'd *like* to say the obvious next step is to not drink when you hit that wall but I realize that's not really helpful. You know it's coming. Plan for it. Have support ready to reach out to. Take it minute by minute if necessary. You don't know what's on the other side of that wall do you? Wouldn't you like to find out? Or do you want to stay over here where you know what's coming after you cave? I'm over here too and though I've not made it to the other side I sure would like to know. I bet it's pretty awesome. I'll be happy to take the journey with you. 
I often reach the same stage OP. The one where my problem seems manageable. And just like you when the desire to drink comes back I feel like I am doomed. Even if I survive 1 night it comes back the following one. I think what we should do is change our routines completely. In my case I feel like I intentionally set myself up for disaster the days I have a craving. I make no plans for the night nor the upcoming morning. I make sure that I'm in a situation where drinking "aint so bad" and has no consequences on the short term on my social or professional life. Obviously we all know what this leads to... 
I have no words of wisdom except to say that you are not alone.
Man I rode that cycle too.   Eventually the misery of drinking was more uncomfortable than the desire.   ..I stopped having cravings around 19 months.  
