-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gckag/day_one_for_me/

Hi everyone. I discovered this sub last evening while lying on the couch drinking the last two beers in my fridge that I (not kidding) really didn't want to drink. I had eaten too much all day and felt stuffed and had already had four beers that I hadn't had room for and that made me feel ill and I just wanted to go for a run because the weather was gorgeous one of those mellow summer days bordering on perfection that you get only a few times a year. It seemed beyond a shame to waste it but there I was wincing and struggling to swallow each mouthful of those two beers that I didn't want but that I HAD to drink because--hey they were there...It was an eye opening moment. I didn't get out for a run. But I found you guys. ..The daily check-in clicked with me. I hemmed and hawed about checking-in this morning but I'm glad I did. A weight is lifted: I'm facing down the day with no looming decision fatigue. ("When should I run to the store for booze? 4:00? 5:00? Can I put it off until 6? What should I get? How much? I won't have the first drink right when I get home...except now that I'm home I think maybe I should. So when should I? Now?....now?..." Exhausting.)..The decision's made so now I can move on and worry about other things like how many productive activities I can cram into this (gorgeous mellow) Sunday. :)..Thank you for being here! 
----------immediate responses--------

Fantastic! Welcome! This forum is a major support for me and I am glad you are here. When I exhaust reading the new posts of the day I think of a subject that might be on my mind (mood swings vitamins La Croix etc.) and plug it into the search bar. I've been reading constantly! The collective wisdom on this sub is huge! 
Keep up the good work! Grab a badge and stay a while. It's fun watching the days add up.
&gt; The daily check-in clicked with me. I hemmed and hawed about checking-in this morning but I'm glad I did. A weight is lifted: I'm facing down the day with no looming decision fatigue. ("When should I run to the store for booze? 4:00? 5:00? Can I put it off until 6? What should I get? How much? I won't have the first drink right when I get home...except now that I'm home I think maybe I should. So when should I? Now?....now?..." Exhausting.)..Good it's a great way to start stopping.  ..So good luck to you /u/wakeful_otter I look forward to seeing your posts and comments as you go along.
