-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gcrj9/had_to_reset_today_but_i_should_have_a_long_time/

So first I just want to say how grateful I am to this sub and all the personal stories and advice. I reset my badge today but I have been drinking again for a couple of weeks now. Nothing happened except a wicked hangover. But I just don't want to do this anymore. My friends are supportive but think I beat myself up too much and shouldn't because I have a good job and make good money for a 24 year old. They also think 24 is young to quit drinking but they don't know I have been drinking since I was about 16...I struggle with anxiety and OCD (I guess idk that's what the doctors say. I don't feel like I have OCD). My mom has always been a nervous wreck and I think that really has taken a toll on me and how I handle things. She went to rehab when I was 16 and then I got kicked out for my sexual orientation soon after she got back. I went to live with my real dad who is more of an alcoholic than she is and actually just got out of prison for multiple DUIs. After a year of living with him I asked my mom if I could come back because I was actually concerned I was going to do something stupid and really my dad always threatened to kill himself and I couldn't take it anymore...From that point on I have been getting "better". I'm not doing the childish stuff like getting in fights and thrown out of clubs. I just stay home and drink with friends. Nothing happens except I feel like I'm going to die the next day. Sweating racing heart foggy memory and GUILT. Guilt can leave me basically immobile. I feel completely overwhelmed and consumed by it. This is where my friends usually come in and tell me I didn't do anything wrong. But I'm afraid I'm going to die. Like just have too much one night and not wake up. This is why I'm here now. I want to live and I want to be healthy and I want people to talk to who understand that it doesn't matter that I have a "nice" life and good job. A problem is a problem. I don't want to reset again. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're back. This can be the last reset you ever do...Regarding guilt remember you can only change the future not the past.  You're taking the right steps today it sounds like.  Hang in there.
&gt;Guilt can leave me basically immobile. I feel completely overwhelmed and consumed by it...My entire life was about guilt.  Nothing helped me with this until I found sobriety and actively sought recovery rather than simply abstension.  I never thought it would be truly possible to live a guilt free life but when I finally found it nothing has been better...Glad you are here and good luck to you.  You deserve the best.
&gt;They also think 24 is young to quit drinking..What would your friends say *is* a perfect age to quit a drug that is causing you problems? If it was cocaine or meth instead of alcohol would they suggest a different age? What other good advice do your friends have for others? Should you listen to it?..&gt;that it doesn't matter that I have a "nice" life and good job. A problem is a problem. ..Listen to that inner voice speaking words of wisdom not your friends nonsense. Take care of yourself.....
Yep. I know what you mean. I have a nice life too. Friends are supportive and do not challenge my choice but haven't figured out why I am sober now. I know why and that is enough. True my drinking has been light weight compared to many alcohol related stories but a problem is a problem. Knowing that we have a problem explains the GUILT. So far my recovery has not been hard either but recovery is recovery and I am grateful. You can do it. Have you read Allen Carr's book? It and milkshakes help me.
Welcome back buddy.
I had to reset yesterday and relate with so much of what you've written. Thank you- it makes me feel not so alone. We're being honest with ourselves and others and that's essential even when it's uncomfortable. I wish I had found something like this site/had your foresight at your age instead of a decade later. You are so wise to recognize the problem and take action in your twenties because unaddressed alcoholism only gets worse with time. The ravages of the beast can leave you a wreck by the time you're 30- that's what your friends can't see from their view. I'm ready to start from Day 1 with you holding my head high my spirit bright. Good luck and best wishes to you in your journey. Welcome back.
Great post you've had a hard time in the past and you are making it better. You are taking steps to be your own person and to make your own decisions; do not let anyone impose or project their circumstances upon you and to tell you that you can't have an issue when you're 24 that its too young. ..I'm 24 and it is too young. That's the point :) If we have this issue now imagine what it can become. I like to think that I dealt with my demons early in life and now its time to enjoy the world and the wonderful things that are all around us now that I'm not drinking...Glad you are back good luck!
