-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gh3er/a_few_thoughts_on_three_months_sober/

Hello fellow sobernauts. I thought I'd check in here with a few thoughts and observations having reached 90 days...First of all getting sober has proven to take a lot more work than I pictured when I realized earlier this year that I had to stop drinking. At first I thought I would just be able to put it down take up some healthier habits to fill my time and be done with it. For me this did not work. In Pete Hamill's (excellent BTW!) book [A Drinking Life](http://www.amazon.com/Drinking-Life-Memoir-Pete-Hamill/dp/0316341029/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1439219991&sr=8-1&keywords=a+drinking+life) he describes deciding halfway through a glass of vodka that it would be his last drink. And it was! After years of extremely heavy drinking.  ..This was not my experience. After giving that approach a shot and failing I have reached out for help and found lots of it available for the asking. I'm seeing a counselor weekly going to AA (which I thought I'd hate but actually love) reading and learning about addiction and recovery and reading here about your triumphs and your struggles. This sub has been a big part of my recovery and I end most days by seeing what's going on in here...So where am I now?..The Good: I wake up every day ready to face the day's challenges. I'm down 15 pounds. I completed at 2-day 160 mile charity bike ride last weekend. I'm making more progress on guitar and banjo than I have in years. Cravings have subsided to a very manageable level...The Bad: It's still an emotional roller coaster. Some days the future seems filled with endless promise and other days I feel like I no longer have any fun or enjoyment to look forward to in life. ..The bottom line is that this has been hard and I'm not out of the woods yet but I know that I am getting stronger with every passing day. I'm going to focus this year on getting healthy and fit and on getting to a place where my sobriety creates gratitude and contentment. I can't white knuckle my way through the second half of my life...I wish every one of you the very best as you pursue well-being and contentment and I hope to see you along the way.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the post man and congrats on the 90 days. The lack of something to look forward to in the future has been bugging me lately as well. Before these last three weeks all of my recreational activities involved alcohol. I guess I'll just have to keep pushing forward and find out what other things I enjoy.
You sound great mate.  Excellent work.  ..The 90 day Blues are fairly common.   It's a tricky time because your last hangover is so far in the distance. ...It took me until 19-20 months for my blues and cravings to leave.   The catalyst was a serious look at my diet and 20 min of exercise every morning.  
&gt; I feel like I no longer have any fun...I felt this way too at 90 days in. I changed my own emotions and thoughts by realizing that it was just re-learning experiences sober. Take for instance a wedding this past weekend - I wanted to dance but couldn't remember the last time I did this sober. I had a cup of coffee and finally out to the dance floor. Danced all night. Danced with drunk people danced with sober people. Had a great time. ..Our brains are healing. We're re-learning. Hang in there. Shit gets better - I promise. 
You sound a lot more positive than me at that point...probably more equivalent to where I am now.  I think you're right...it does get better!  I'm still on a rollercoaster but nothing like the 2-3mo time and even better than the 9-10mo time!  I try to remember that now today I get to experience life as it is rather than blind.
&gt;Some days the future seems filled with endless promise and other days I feel like I no longer have any fun or enjoyment to look forward to in life...27 years sober and I still have a few days like that. Welcome to sober life! And keep up the good work!
Well done mate! I can identify so much with this. Thanks for sharing!
