-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3glwyn/day_9_emerging_from_lurkerdom/

I'm a little nervous as this is my first ever Reddit post but I felt compelled to come forward and show my gratitude to SD. I came across this community about a month ago. I woke up covered in my own vomit with a concerned text from the friend I was out with the previous night for the ever so deceptively named 'happy hour' and discovered I was going to be late to a friends wedding. The shame and self loathing that hit me were all too familiar. ..In the weeks prior I was confronted by some of my own bullshit when a new psychiatrist I was seeing for depression asked me about my drinking. I gave a lowball of my highballs and it can't have been too convincing because he persisted and asked me the negatives drinking had brought to my life. I cited off many of the same I read here and was surprised by the length of the list. I see now they were all variants of the self sabotage my drinking allowed...Then he asked me about what positives drinking brought to my life. With a uncharacteristic fervour I fired back- I'm Slavic!' ...yeah. He wasn't impressed. After pursing his lips jotting something down and a prolonged silence he asked if 'being Slavic' was my only defence. 'And antioxidants?' I said high pitched voice revealing my doubt. ..That was the beginning but daily lurking and your Alan Carr recommendation were the catalyst for my change. Thank you for sharing your stories of triumph and struggle alike. Today is day 9 and I look forward to many more. ..Now to find alternate means to self identify with my culture...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and congrats on 9 days!  I am looking forward to many more days and posts from you too.
Need to change your name to soberslavsista! Sounds much better! Welcome home :)
Lol antioxidants. Welcome aboard. The more you participate here the more you (and we) get out of it. 
Welcome /u/Slavsista to r/stopdrinking.
&gt;I gave a lowball of my highballs..Ha--that's awesome.
Welcome! 
Congrats on making a wise decision. Here's to another day sober.
I have said this before in other posts if you like carr's book read kickin the drink easily by jason vale.  I thought it was better basically same book but better written and you can relate to vale because he had the same problem.  Its on the kindle store.  
9 days is an amazing achievement.   The last 9 days for me were a cake walk compared to yours....Well done!
LOL I thought you were THE Day9 which would have absolutely blown up...Welcome good luck on your journey.
Alcohol Freedom and Stop Drinking Alcohol by Kevin O'hara are also incredibly helpful books.  
