-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gmbgn/staying_sober_today_in_honor_of_my_friend/

Hi sober friends ..Today is a sad day for me. It is the two year anniversary of the date that I lost my friend Will. I don't know what to do with myself how to handle all of the sadness and grief that is coming up. I can't stop crying. In a lot of ways I think that this is hitting me even harder than it did two years ago when he actually passed away: I don't have the tools that I used to use to escape those types of feelings. My heart feels so raw and I feel like my emotions have been knocking me down many times a day. I've been ok with that the past couple of weeks because with all of the lows came some highs and I hadn't felt that way in a long long time. But right now it's so low and I just don't know what to do with myself. I know that I'm not drinking. So I guess I'll try posting instead...Will was an absolutely amazing human being. He is one of those rare people who brightened the lives of everyone who crossed his path. He was absolutely brilliant compassionate hilarious driven and motivated by his huge heart to give back all that he had been given. He had struggled with his own addictions in the past but was clean and thriving when he passed. He did Teach for America and earned a Master's degree while working in impoverished Philadelphia public schools. I've never known someone more passionate about what they did and his passion was based in a true desire to help those less fortunate than himself. The world lost a great great asset when Will was taken from us. ..It's one of those stories that seem too heartbreaking to possibly be true. Will had just married the love of his life who was a woman as beautiful and kind-hearted as he was himself. From the love in their eyes when they looked at each you just *knew* that these two people had found something beautiful in one another. Jamie was also a teacher graduated from Teach for America. They were both passionate about the same issues and they worked tirelessly towards making the world a better place. Their students were so lucky to have them and so unfortunate to have lost them...They had been married for only 73 days. Jamie was expecting and they were thrilled about it. They flew out of state for a wedding and hired a car to drive them back to the airport the next morning. The driver was a man who was coming off a crack bender. He drove into a tree. Jamie was killed instantly. Will was still conscious when the paramedics arrived. He tried refusing treatment demanding the paramedics treat Jamie first as she was pregnant with their baby. ..I can't get any of this out of my head. It didn't surprise me at all when I heard about Will's last words--that is exactly the kind of wonderful person that he was. But I can't get the images out of my head. I can't stop imaging what his final moments must have been like. And I'm feeling the incredible amounts of RAGE that I did two years ago: how could something like this happen? It's the kind of thing that makes you believe that whatever you thought was out there is not what you thought it was. I know I know life isn't fair but this is just so. fucking. unfair. I can't understand how I am alive and Will and Jamie are dead. The world and the children in Philadelphia lost two bright shining beautiful souls that day...And nor can I get the driver out of my head. About a year ago he was sentenced to a maximum of 12 years in jail. And my heart went out to him: I watched the video of the letter he read during his sentencing-- he was devastated by what he did to Will & Jamie and to their families so I learned some more about him. He had just watched his child shot to death. His way of coping was smoking crack. And now with the little tiny bit of sober clarity I have it's like my empathy for him has quadrupled. I've been trapped in an addiction just like that poor driver. It is only by the grace of god that I did not do something similarly destructive. ..I don't know why I typed this all out my heart just hurts so badly and I just don't know what to do or where to go. I'm staying sober in honor of my beautiful friends today. I hope you'll join me. RIP Will Jamie & baby <3
----------immediate responses--------

My sincere condolences.  
What a sad story. A virtual hug to you and I will stay sober today in their memory.
All the hugs in the world for you right now darlin.
For me sobriety especially early on felt like ripping a Band-Aid off old wounds. It hurt. It hurt a lot. But eventually I began to heal. ..My condolences to you and your community on the loss of Will and Jamie. 
