-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gpzir/day_2_log_going_to_be_a_rough_one/

First thanks for all the support yesterday on my day one and helping/motivating me to go to a meeting. ..Today is day I can already tell it is going to be a challenge. I think I got about 15 minutes of sleep last night. I got home from the meeting went out to the porch to smoke a cigar and about 2 minutes in realized that was a bad idea. The liquor store across the street was still open and smoking cigars out there and drinking a bottle of beam was my every night thing. ..I went back inside went to bed I read for a while out of the big book. Then hung out in IRC with the SD folks watched some netflix watched all the john cheese videos. Just could not sleep. I felt exhausted but every time i closed my eyes i would just start to shiver and sweat. ..Got up this morning normal routine minus the whiskey/'s effect on my digestive system. Driving to the office had its one set of challenges. I drive a high powered stick shift sports car. Shifting gears is second nature hell I drove it often shit faced with no issues. But this morning my coordination was off my muscle memory was gone. It was a struggle of a commute. ..I was listening to my favorite car podcast like I do every Tuesday. about 2 minutes in I hear them open up their beers start talking about what they are drinking. Boom had to shut it off. Which is crazy I have never really been a morning drinker wait that is a lie I can not tell anymore... ..I have to drive about an hour up to see a customer this afternoon. I will miss sparking up a J on the drive home but I will manage. ..But the real challenge is my wife and kids are out of town for a couple nights starting tonight. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you're off to a great start! Changing up old habits especially drinking related ones is very smart. ..Do you have plans for when your wife and kids are out of town? I used to drink a lot when my husband was out of town. I found that going to AA meetings really helped me get out of my own head and connect with other people instead of being alone with my convoluted thoughts.
My only goal on Day 2 was to go to bed sober.
You sound great mate.   Thank you for sharing.  ..It's helpful for me to be reminded of those early days. ...I'd fill up my weekend with AA meetings and sober activities.  Go skeet shooting or go-cart racing or something you wouldn't normally do but always wanted to try.  
Old habits are SO hard to change!  Some people here might remember me as the guy who quit over and over for a year never getting past a couple of days.  I'm finally at over 30 days and I have to say that the first few days are the hardest for me anyway.  Once a week had passed the habit changed to NOT drinking.  ..Sleeping will come back just stay the course.  It can only get better.
