-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3gyhsx/different_treatment_for_substance_addiction_vs/

I recently saw [this article](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0149763414002140) and it got me thinking a lot about addiction in general as well as my own personal struggles. ..This study shows that there is no such thing as sugar or carb addiction in humans overeating addiction is clearly a behavioral addiction which has big implications for what will be most effective in treatment and recovery.  You often hear people with overeating issues say things like...'The hardest part about having an eating/food addiction is that you can't quit for good. You still have to eat to live. Imagine telling a pack a day smoker that they must stop smoking.. but not completely. They must still smoke three cigarettes a day for the rest of their life but no more than that!'(I actually grabbed this from a reddit thread about the article).  But this seems like a fallacy unless alcoholism is a behavioral addiction.  I'm still learning and forming opinions on this but it led me to a question I hoped you all could help me with. ..Alcohol addiction could be behavioral OR substance related.  I feel like this has HUGE implications for diagnosis treatment and recovery.  Not to mention all the different levels there can be...misuse abuse addiction. It seems like as a society we are doing ourselves a disservice by using the term 'alcoholic' for anyone that has an issue with alcohol.  ..Personally I found(and still find) it very difficult to identify as an alcoholic.  I NEVER had any withdrawl symptoms or signs that I had a chemical dependence on it.  For a while this led me to think I had no 'problem' even though drinking was having huge negative impacts on my life.  I also figured since it wasn't alcoholism I should be able to control/fix things without much effort.  Well I have decided that what I am dealing with was/is behavioral and somewhere between abuse and addiction. I feel that I have made huge strides in dealing with it but I have definitely not used the same approach that seems to be mostly recommended for alcoholics with a substance addiction.  I just don't think the typical AA type of therapy would have been effective for me.  I've been doing a lot of research along with a lot of journaling meditation/soul searching and mindfulness exercises to figure out what seems to be working for me in building new healthy coping mechanisms to deal with the issues I used to deal with in unhealthy ways...Pretty much any post I make here that reveals that I still drink in moderation gets hit with tons of comments like 'well I could NEVER do that one sip and I'd be right back where I was' 'you should really do a month off to make sure you can go without!' and 'be careful moderation is a slippery slope!' etc.  I appreciate the comments as they are just trying to be helpful but I can't help but think these sort of people really don't understand the nature of the problem I am facing or why I feel it's important that I be able to deal with moderation.  I've struggled with behavioral addiction in other facets of my life outside of alcohol things I cannot avoid like eating and I feel like they are actually symptoms of other issues which is what I am actually aiming to correct right now.  I hope this isn't too rambly I am still a work in progress and figuring out what works best for me but I am definitely making progress and happier because of that...So finally to my question.....tl;dr  I have never been to a recovery facility done AA or seen a therapist so I'm curious are these things(type of addiction:substance vs. behavior and severity: misuse abuse addiction) discussed?  Do people often use this sort of information to help formulate plans of treatment and recovery?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm becoming an addictions counselor...my last exam is today...we talk about this all. The. Time. ..In Ontario addiction treatment you are rare to find an agency that defines people as alcoholics. It isn't a useful term unless it has meaning to the client. ..I've been learning a lot about disordered gambling and we've been challenged to see differences and similarities between behavioral addictions and "substance abuse"..In reality we define all substance abuse disorders through behavioral cognitive and affective consequences. Withdrawal is ONE factor in looking at alcohol dependence. There are many others. ..Programs run by other recovering people attention usually not aware of the immensely thoughtful work being put into diagnosis and concepts about addiction. But there are thousands of people out there looking at this. 
If I can I would like to answer in two parts. ..To your final question yes the multifaceted.M nature of substance use/abuse is discussed in AA right from the beginning of the book. Its use as a social stimulant a personal relaxant or as a coping mechanism. The nature of the drinker who knows no other behavior and the nature of the drinker who only drinks infrequently but to consistently bad result. Aw the terms used by you or in the article present? No. But these are not new concepts in the world of addiction nor are they new to those of us who have dealt/deal with them though we may not couch them that way. ..To a broader issue: we say "moderation" in such skeptical tones not because we do not 1) believe it is impossible for you 2) understand what it "truly is" 3) want it for others (in most cases). ..I do not wish being an alcoholic on anyone but I can identify the signs easily enough. If we say fear the slippery alope it is because we do and we want you to succeed. Why do we fear? It has taken so many from us. ..I am a behavioral addict who is incapable of moderating any substance--food drugs alcohol soda caffeine--on my own. For me the distinction does nothing to alter the plan of treatment however: I must learn vigilance from those who know it and take heed to my own struggle. I would not balk at a personal trainer why balk at others who would help?..These are my thoughts. I wish you the best.
Hmmm interesting! I'll give you my take on this. I don't experience Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome (colloquially: withdrawal symptoms) either. Only about half of all alcoholics do. However I still consider myself physically dependent because I experience cravings. Now you might classify that as 'behavioural addiction' but long term alcohol use leads to very real *physical* changes in neurochemistry and neuronal pathways in the brain. When alcohol is removed your brain perceives a deficiency in these neurotransmitters and requests you to please have a drink so those reward pathways can be stimulated and it can get it's dopamine fix. So. I don't experience Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome but I sure do experience *withdrawal* (wanting a drink)...I guess what I'm trying to say is that I think behavioural dependence *is* a substance/chemical/physical dependence...Very thought provoking post thanks!..EDIT: Clarified something!.EDIT 2: Wow you have my mind racing. Just wanted to add; in terms of treatment. I think of it as rewiring my brain; changing those reward pathways so they're associated with other activities. So I think you are definitely on the right track with meditation and exercise both of which affect neurochemistry!
Not much of an on point reply. I just thought this post was interesting today because just this morning I was thinking about the other "addictions" I have. Outside of also smoking and over eating to a degree I saw some of my other behaviors and mindsets as addictions. Bad habits at best but aren't the two well intertwined? ..Anger self righteousness closing myself off and even to failure. I get a sense of comfort and/or satisfaction from all of these (something else?). Not good for me or for those around me yet engrained deeply enough in my brain that getting out of those cycles require exactly what sobriety does... Acknowledgment a willingness to change a concious choice *each and every* time action creating alternatives being aware. ..It's not greatly precise but that was my drive to work brain stew. You provided a suitable description for me behavioral addiction. There's a good chance that by definition what I'm talking about has nothing to do with the other but I thought it fitting. 
I've read the article you mention about food addiction being behavioural before. I don't really like distinguishing the two types of addiction. I don't believe that I have a soul so if there's something wrong with me the only possibility is that it has to be something that's wrong with my body. That includes both behavioural and substance addictions. So I don't really see why they should be treated differently. Anyway I think people with substance addictions  often also have behavioural addictions to the same thing so if it works for them why shouldn't it work for me?
Yes it is discussed in AA which is how I recovered and have stopped drinking. If you read the book Alcoholics Anonymous it goes into great detail about how an alcoholic can be physically sober having removed alcohol from his/her system for a period of time and then decide to pick up the first drink to "try out" drinking again. This is the behavioural addiction to alcohol or the "mental obsession" as AA calls it...I do not consider AA therapy. For me the people and principles of AA have taught me how to live in harmony with those around me and be okay with myself and the world. Before alcohol was how I got along with those around me and was okay with myself and the world...Those are my thoughts :)
Great post!
