-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3h7xe5/im_pushing_30_but_my_life_feels_brand_new/

I should check in more often huh? It seems like just a couple weeks ago I was celebrating a year sober. I moved back to my hometown in June to stay with my folks and start a job that was offered to me by my father. Things are going very well overall and everyone really digs that I'm staying away from alcohol. It isn't an easy transition for me at 28 as I am a usually a very independent person. I've struggled a lot with it. But looking on the bright side I'm driving a really nice new car I paid cash for my bedroom is overflowing with new guitar/recording gear I'm absolutely killing it at my new job I have excellent credit and I'm surrounded by family that are just as stoked about the whole thing as I am. Towards the end of my drinking career I was in the middle of nowhere absolutely on my own frequently crawling underneath a car with 190k+ miles to keep it running working a job/shift I hated and drinking myself to sleep every single night. I need to remind myself sometimes what a blessing it is to be in this safe happy place. ..I haven't had health insurance for two months so the cost of my treatment/review meetings for ADHD are costing me about $500 a month and I drive over 4 hours round trip to see my doctor but I just don't really give it a second thought because although my wallet hurts I know that continuing treatment has been the reason I've stayed safe and sober. ..If I'm being honest I still make plenty of bad decisions. Try as I may I can't help but admit that I'm not that great at doing the right thing consistently and I struggle with things like scheduling and communication but I've started to embrace this because I know I've always been this way and there is not a miracle cure that is ever going to extinguish the kind of deviant behavior I'd grown accustomed to for much of my twenties. Improvement in these areas is only going to come when I really start applying myself. I really identify with what Craig Ferguson once said "I don't have a drinking problem I have a THINKING problem". But at the very least I make sure that none of the bad decisions I make ever include drinking alcohol. Whatever I struggle with over the course of a day I just don't ever think even for a second about drinking as a solution...A little advice for you new folks/lurkers: I've found that sobriety will at first seem like this massive impossible sea-change a mountain climb. It doesn't have to be. Sobriety is a series of responsible decisions you make one at a time daily. Any energy you put into sound decision making will pay dividends but not necessarily right away. Stick with it and you will be pleasantly surprised. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nice post. Thank you for sharing :)
LOVE this. So inspiring. I'll be 30 next year. Yay to entering the next decade sober and happy!
Great post. I'm 29 so I can definitely relate to pushing 30. It's been a real kick in the ass to get my life on track!
I'm 28 and NOWHERE CLOSE to 30 :)..Congrats. I don't even know you and I'm proud of you. I can relate to your story a lot. Keep going
&gt; I still make plenty of bad decisions...So do I. But not because we're drunk! What a pleasant surprise!
