-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hahv9/deciding_not_to_drink/

So I've been lurking in the background for a bit and I've come to the realisation that I am an alcoholic. For the past 12 years I've been drinking hard and it's just snowballing. A few months back I quit for a month but relapsed even harder and have been consistently spiralling since. I've tried the moderation thing and that's never going to happen...I want to quit because; I love my wife and she deserves better I'm hurting my body and it deserves better and I'm loosing my passion for life and I deserve better...Today is Day 1. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is awesome. I'm glad you're here. 
You can be better my friend. Stick around be vigilant about your sobriety. Things can get better :)
Welcome!  Stick around it might not always be easy but it is worth it.
My life improved in so many ways. My health improved my finances improved my depression lifted. ..Then I slipped up and had a relapse which was actually a good thing because I went straight back to that shitty place I started from. That is when I realised I am an alcoholic and that I have to stop for good...My biggest fear was that I would not be able to stop but the folk on this sub gave me the confidence to try. It is damn difficult but it can be done if you are doing it for yourself...Good luck.
I remember coming to that realization. It was the most important decision I made but the rest didn't come easy. Still despite ups and downs successes and failures I always knew that I had made a decision to set a new course for my life.  I am on a good track right now mainly because I put pride aside and asked others to help me. Good luck to you..
&gt;I've tried the moderation thing and that's never going to happen...same here..&gt;I want to quit because; I deserve better...You do deserve better. Best reason you could have for quitting..
It's on.
Welcome!
Every journey begins with one step..I'll walk with ya for next 24hrs.
Join the club! Welcome. .
