-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hbn3p/i_blew_it/

So I had a relapse.  It's so ridiculous.  I knew better and still did it.  I went to my family lake house for the weekend and basically drank beer the entire time.  ..Back to square 1 I guess... I am so upset with myself.  I had 3 weeks and was feeling great.  ..I know I'm not the first or last person to do this but I just need to make sure it doesn't happen again.  I didn't have a plan and I didn't make myself accountable to anyone. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's going to be ok.  It happens.  It sucks but you are holding yourself accountable.  You messed up but look on the bright side.  You are picking yourself back up and doing the hard thing getting sober.  If it were easy to be sober then there wouldn't be us out here sharing our stories.  This thing is a demon it calls us and sometimes we ignore it other times we answer it.  It will all be ok.  Don't be too hard on yourself.  I'm a week in and I get the urge everyday.  Went out yesterday w my gf for Ramen and that voice in the back of my head was like "dude how are you gonna eat ramen and not have a cold Sapporo?"  That's the demon trying rationalize how one is ok but I knew that one would turn into me getting a bottle on the way home and who knows what else.  So I had coca-cola and water instead and I really enjoyed myself.  But everyday that demon is there.  We are going to the beach this weekend and that voice is like how the hell are you gonna go to the beach without packing some beers and hooch?  And will I?  Probably not but idk.  Won't be able to tell you until the weekend but I'm gonna do my best not too.  I'm gonna pack water and soda and sandwiches and enjoy the beach.  You are gonna be great.  Big hugs!!!
So it sounds like you planned to drink then.  ..This is one of my favorite recent comments on "relapse."  Maybe it will help you maybe not.  ..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3h1e80/question_for_people_who_ever_relapsed_after_2_or/cu3g38u
About 20 minutes before I started drinking my last night I actually said aloud to myself "I've already decided to."  Didn't have a plan handy. Didn't try to fight it. Just went with it. Had 3/4 of a fifth in the house that I managed to finish by the end of the night. ..It happens. Hopefully we get back up right away dust off and start the walk forward again. Good for you for not justifying it. Good for you for coming back. We stumble along this road to sobriety together and that's what makes this a great place. 
It took me a lot of relapses to figure out how not to drink. Ketojam's comment link is right on the money. It's great than you're back. Just keep coming back no matter what and eventually it will stick. 
every time you blow it it only gets harder to quit. Just don't see yourself again in this position. You might feel worse than now if you do it again next time
Well I have decided that I'm definitely not going to drink today
&gt; I didn't have a plan..Good to see this insight. What next?..A few people have said "it happens"--and it does--but I ask: *what* happens? It's not an accident and not random. It happens for a reason and I understand the reason being because we haven't sufficiently planned for it *not* to happen. ..I think it's fine to have empathy for oneself in this difficult undertaking because we're all in various stages of figuring it out. But when it happens it's also a great opportunity to ask: how do I change and improve my plan? ..I'm glad you're thinking about that--it took me many years to figure it out for myself.
I have this calendar that I circle all the days I'm sober. If or when I drink that day will have an X through it. I really hope that day does not come again but I know things start getting tough at certain milestones particularly the 30-60-90 day marks. But if you look at it less like a streak and imagine your sobriety on my calendar it's a whole bunch of circles with 1 X. That's pretty damn good and if you don't allow yourself to view it like an excuse it can mitigate the guilt that will drive you toward the mindset of saying "screw it may as well keep drinking now." because you can continue to add circles to your body of work. 
I get upset at myself before I relapse so I don't have to get upset after instead. 
