-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hcukl/felt_uncomfortable/

Had my boyfriend's old friend come over and after being told I had quit drinking decided to reveal he had also been struggling with sobriety as well for the past several months. Felt closer to him than ever before however it started to feel uncomfortable the more we discussed it. To the point where he was listing steps talking about meetings talking it up etc. while I don't find anything inherently wrong AT ALL with any of those things I felt that he was trying to adamantly reqruit my boyfriend to a meeting and I guess I have a problem with that? I guess I just internally still completely distrust the idea of going to a meeting even though I've been juggling with the idea for the last five years and someone telling my boyfriend to go kind of offends me? Is this defensiveness normal at all or is this another symptom of my alcoholism still having a huge hold over me? I'm really really glad that Friend is getting the help he needs where he gets it but i also feel that it's not for me and deff. Not for my boyfriend who doesn't have the same problems. Advice or insight? Thanks!...Edit: wow! 42 days! Really proud of myself! I live to be sober another day! :) :)
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I try not to worry about other people's motives so much especially if they don't tell me outright what their motives are. I mean sure - the guy at the grocery store all the time trying to get people to buy a paper COULD bother me if I let him or I could just smile say hello and make pleasant small talk and then walk away and move on with my life.  ..Congrats on 42 days!
Congrats on 42 days /u/EddyHascal!  ..I remember when I was newly sober and before I ever went to an AA meeting.  The idea frankly horrified me.  I was certain that AA is a mind control cult.  Well for sure the cult part proved to be true but in a good way as far as I could see.  In fact despite active involvement for the better part of 3 decades I never did get religious-cooties.  In fact the longer I'm sober the less religious and the more agnostic I become. As a result of my participation on /r/stopdrinking I have found my consciousness raised by the anxiety and hesitation of newcomers about this aspect of AA and the 12 Steps and I rarely let a in proselytizing in a meeting go unremarked upon--I try to diplomatically point out that religion is NOT a part of AA by formal statement of AA; and belief and prayer are optional.  ..On the other hand when I was drowning and lifeline was thrown out to me I didn't find it necessary to inquire as to the religious beliefs of my rescuers.  I just climbed in the boat.  AA gave me a path to shore and principles that help me with the simple sober actions I need to get sober and stay sober.  
I would accept every offer of help in order to start feeling better emotionally and physically. The booze can be very crafty and play tricks on your mind fooling you a rational smart nice person into having just ONE drink. Ya right. Fortify yourself by reading here and see how everybody else is doing. We help each other and thats what gives us success!
