-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hhy44/day_1_again/

I thought I was doing good.  Then I drank all last weekend.  Sobered up for a good 5 days.  Finally was feeling like myself on Thursday so of course I drank again on Friday.  And all day Saturday and then again Sunday.  Still had part of a bottle of vodka yet so I finished that off Monday morning and than ended up coming clean to my boyfriend last night.  He knew already of course as he had suspected.  ..I have to stay sober.  I called my sponsor today and talked with her about it.  She said I'm going about it all wrong.  I need to do what I did the last night and that means go to AA.  Take care of myself first or I can't take care of others...So thanks for being here SD.  There was nothing fun about my relapse and I didn't enjoy it at all...I have to stay sober.  If I don't I will lose my job my boyfriend and my life.  So today I won't drink and tonight I will go to a meeting.
----------immediate responses--------

You're on the right track sister. We are all prone to slipping up especially in the beginning of sobriety. Like you I'm a woman who "secretly" drank vodka. Of course I was not secretive at all. So I share your pain...all the lying hangovers regret. But you are doing amazing! Trust me! You recognize that things need to change. You have a sponsor you are trying AA. You're on the right track and you WILL succeed. Like your sponsor said take care of yourself first. Everything else will fall into place. 
As of right now there are 29308 (and countless lurkers - like me) redditors that are standing with you. Like your sponsor said: you need to take care of yourself first. ..You're not alone. We are all working on taking care of ourselves first together...You can do it..
/u/Vodkapoison in solidarity I won't drink either and I'll also go to a meeting tonight. We're here for you.
I was in your position. I knew I had a problem but chose to live in denial until last Saturday. It was the moment I needed I have to stay sober now or lose my husband. 
