-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hj8xq/i_cant_go_back_to_alcohol_my_life_wont_let_me/

As my days get more and more accumulated into the sober world I'm starting to feel that old feeling of "getting drunk would just take too much work now."..I'm not sure if that makes sense but I just have built so much already on a sober lifestyle- even though I relapsed 52 days ago- it wasn't a huge relapse. It was just one night of drinking and then I got back right up and started the sober train again. The relationships my bank account lifestyle health all were fully intact and now more than 7 months since my last "bender" of being drunk for days straight I realize I seriously can never ever go back to even half of that life. Nor alcohol at all...Life has become so gratifying and beautiful. I work two jobs and I also am graduating this semester taking 5 classes at my university. I don't have the time to drink nor the desire. My first therapy session is tomorrow at 9am though!..Although that being said I realize I am doing a lot of shit and I'm going to get stressed. I'm also moving out next week to being alone so I can get my cat back. I actually feel like living alone will be awesome as long as I keep up with my support here and therapy. I just need to keep myself in check and aware. If I even have a slight urge to drink it's time for AA or going to a sober friend's place...We see the signs before things happen. I'll see a relapse long and coming before it happens. Right now I'm not alcohol hoarding obsessing about it and just focusing on what matters. ..I hope everyone is doing well. What matters is we just keep trying..Thanks for reading..
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes it does feel like a lot at once. I remember to breath and use the clarity that sobriety has given me to make responsible decisions. Good seeing you /u/xxfivefiresxx ! :)
&gt;"getting drunk would just take too much work now."..I know exactly what you mean
That's how I feel too! Don't have the room for it in my life . Don't miss it at seven months. 
