-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hogvr/looking_back_on_day_6_thoughts/

I'm at 37 days sober and I've been keeping a journal since I started. It's really interesting to see how my mind has changed and my feelings over time. I thought my Day 6 thoughts were especially fascinating.....Day 6..A couple weeks ago I had bought some origami paper. I was at Daisowhere everything is $1.50 and needed to buy enough to get over the $10 limit they had for credit cards. I spotted (haha) some polka dot origami paper. It was pretty and I thought why not I'll make some origami...Weeks past ..For some reason or another as I moved things around in my room the origami (unopened of course) ended up on my ottoman thing. So faced with the itsy bitsy teenie weenie polka dot origami and needing something to do with my hands (another thing I've noticed while sober   I am constantly playing with something in my hand and cannot keep them still for the life of me) I opened it and decided to fold a crane...But of course my first thought was 'How the fuck do you fold a crane?'..The answer is of course Google...An image search later and boom bada bing I've folded myself an orange polka dot crane...Then I had a thought. ..'I will fold a crane for each day I'm sober.'..Great idea. It'll be a healthy thing for me to do while also celebrating the small victory of being sober each day. Origami cranes symbol hope or wishes or something cute like that. I remember someone making a thousand of them and making a wish or some shit like that. Yes I will fold a crane each day and proudly watch as my bowl fills with more and more representing the hope that has built inside that I will be free from alcohol addiction...Then I had another thought...'If I drink I will burn them and watch the flames consume them.'..Not as great an idea nor healthy. And this thought accompanied the image of me setting a thousand paper origami cranes on fire which I would then crawl out of reborn from relapse and ready to start sobriety again...I needed to tell someone. This was a hilarious thought and would totally make someone laugh. ..After repeating the image a few times in my head the absurdity of the image started to dawn on me. Also logistics would be a nightmare to find a place I can set these cranes on fire and crawl out of it. Also am I really going to fold that many cranes? They take a surprisingly long time to fold. And how many cranes will I need to make a sufficient fire which I would crawl through?..And that is when I decided to end my night with one last thought...Time. For. Sleep.
----------immediate responses--------

I like your style. 
Haha that is really funny...Obviously the destruction of the cranes would be a refection of the destruction your doing to yourself by drinking. Made me a laugh a great deal.
I think it was a really cool idea though!
