-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3hq1tr/my_mom_joined_al_anon/

     I woke up Monday feeling like shit pretty normal for a 25 year old alcoholic.  I went to work barely on time didn't eat all day generally a normal day.  I was bloated and had the worst stomach ache I've had in a while and decided that I needed a break.  I made the decision because I needed a break from the shitty weeks of waking up foul tasting mouth going to work unshowered and groggy.  I decided to not drink on Tuesday either as I thought maybe the whole week would be better.  I'm always on the fence of quitting and there was a glimmer of hope in taking just ONE day off which is sad.  I was up until 4:30AM Monday night/Tuesday morning unable to sleep.  I wasn't exactly shaking/sweating or halucinating as I'm not one to drink all day usually after work but sleeping sober isn't easy after weeks of alcohol assisted passing out.  I managed to get a few hours and get to work.  Tuesday night I managed to get to bed at 2:30AM and figured it was a win.  ..     Last night was my pool league.  I was less shakey than normal but still on edge from not having a drink in a few days.  I ended up losing pretty fast to a much lower skilled player and left in a huff.  I was extremely frustrated and mad from the match and about not being able to get any sleep the previous nights and made the dumb move to stop at the liquor store at the way home.  My father captain of the pool team came home later when I was decently buzzed and told me that someone told him that I was shaking like a leaf while shooting.  It was funny to think I was shaking less than normal and someone still spotted it.  It turns out that it was my brother who is also on the team.  ..    Today I asked my mom if she knew about it and she said that she did.  She told me that she had just went to her doctor's appointment and told her doc that she was having extreme anxiety and stress from worrying about my issue.  The doctor suggested Al Anon  which is for people who need help with coping with family members dealing with addiction.  I'm devistated.  I never knew that it was this bad and that everyone around me knew about my problem.  I really want to make them happy make myself better get back in shape and improve my mental state.  My dad's side of the family has a history of heart disease and I've gained quite a bit of weight from drinking in the past few years.  It's so hard I just don't know where to turn for help.  I honestly don't think AA is going to change my mind as my few close friends have dealt addiction  and have tried to encourage me to stop and help myself.  I recently gained access to a staffless gym that requires a key card to get into provided by my health care provider that I'm hoping to start at this weekend but who knows.  I think about how I'm destroying myself every day but the will power to fight it just vanishes as soon as I get home from work and the alcohol is waiting for me.   . .    I should probably also note that I have extremely bad anxiety and have developed depression since leaving a bad relationship last year which only fuel my problem.  I've had anxiety my whole life and I've been drinking since 15 only heavily for a few years.  My family has a history of alcohol abuse but my parents are both sober and don't smoke.  I'm in such a good enviroment and yet I still think about spending my night at the computer with a bottle each day.  It's a daily struggle.  I needed to vent this somewhere so if you read this thankyou....Edit:  I'm not sure why but this font and lettering is showing up shitty on my computer hopefully it's alright.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Welcome /u/theyknoww to r/stopdrinking--I was able to stop drinking and get sober by doing the things I describe at the [Baby Steps post which you can find at this link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/).Good for your Mom.  I started going to AA meetings largely because I could not shake the idea that my ex-wife was going to Al-Anon meetings to find the tools to deal with my alcoholism...The font comes from trying to indent as you entered text. 
Remove the leading spaces (eg paragraph indents) to fix the lettering..
[deleted]
So the question is; do you want to quit for yourself or are you trying to fix something because someone else wants you to?  At the beginning of your post you mention you wanted to try and quit for a week  take a break   glimmer of hope  because you had made it through one day.  I'll be honest it sounds like you have psyched yourself up but really didn't make a game plan to quit. And now after hearing some things regarding your social habits (pool) and from family you are using them to give yourself an excuse to quit because you're hoping that will motivate you to quit even more. ..Sadly it doesn't work like that. Nothing can change you unless you want to change. So regardless of what anyone thinks or says you have to be the one to WANT to quit. Not try it out and see how it goes you're only 25% committed if that and you will fail..There is always a series of events that entices you to try and quit but what you really should do is list out all the pros and cons actually write them down. Make a game plan and really search yourself on whether you want to quit and I mean want it more than life and surround yourself with support as much as you can.  ..These are things that you have to sit down and over a good couple of days think about and actually realize what exactly you're getting into and if you want it bad enough to change your habits. .Will power is not something that is bred into people you learn it. And with you mentioning that you already suffer anxiety and depression it would seem that unless you have the proper support structure in place mapped out before you decide to quit you are almost always going to fail which will lead to added anxiety panic attacks deep depression and the list goes on.  It's a very slippery slope and will make you feel worse so much so that you will never want to quit again because of the bad experience(s). ..Alcoholism is classified as a disease. And not only  just  a disease but a chronic disease meaning it will last your lifetime. Your approach to treating a serious disease is very unrealistic.  You wouldn't try and cure cancer or help your cancer just by doing it half "assed"; you would need support treatment medicine ongoing monitoring changes in diet and lifestyle etc.  And I am pretty sure if you had cancer you would be aggressive about saving your life. You need to treat being an alcoholic as needing to SAVE YOUR LIFE. Then and only then will you really conquer it. ..There is support out there and plenty of it but you have to make effort to get that support. There is help but once again you have to be willing to fight against yourself and seek that help.  Don't lie and kid yourself thinking you can do it on your own and don't let others around you force you into doing something you are either not ready to fully commit to or haven't really thought out.  You need to take some time and think about it for YOU. Why do you want to do it? What are you going to face? Can you prepare for some of the bad days in case you don't have support through it?..There is a ton of information online and it's good information. It will help you come to terms with what you are going to go through in the long haul. You also need to read about what exactly you are fighting. I mean you say you are an alcoholic and there is history in your family of it. But do you really know how it affects people and what it does to you mentally and physically? I am talking scientifically not just the basic stuff.  Sometimes having an understanding of what alcohol is doing to you can help to make you aware of why you are getting certain detox symptoms why you might get the shakes and how it is going to hit you mentally. ..
