-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3i04mi/still_off_the_booze/

..and very proud do be here! . I almost had a relapse just a few days ago. Old demons pop up sometimes lurking round the corner. ..But I take pride in my weaknesses now. That is kind of new... I stand proudly as an alcohol addict who' s been sober now for 600 days!! ..And I'm not about to give up . Thanks to this sub. ..Edit: For those asking here's a more detailed version of the near relapse.: ..I was visiting Belgium last week. I stopped in Brussels for a night and after taking a long walk I stopped somewhere for a quick dinner. Looking at the beer shops with literally hundreds of interesting bottles was hard I'll admit but seeing the fancy beer glass with a foamy top on the tables on the terrace sun still shining.. I thought to myself Christ I'm having one. The hell with it! And I was going to. I thought it's for the taste not for the addiction. I'll be able to stop again......right ?..I don't know how long ago you've stopped drinking  but I can see how that could raise questions coming from a guy who's got almost two years of sobriety.. But I remember Russel Brand answering in a recent interview this question : " So when's the last time you felt like taking heroin? " His answer was : today ...As for any king of drug the memory of how good it is will never go away. But this is part of what you are fighting for when you decide to stop using. I have very good memories of drunken nights. It wasn't always about getting drunk by myself in my living room and waking up on the floor in the morning..The reason I stopped is much bigger . No little craving last week in Belgium or this weekend during my mate's BBQ  is gonna change that. I decided to stop for the benefit of my life my health my kids the future of my family..I was gonna screw it up by continuing to drink. But also EVERYTHING improved by stopping. Absolutely every aspect of my life has improved ...In other words if you stop for the right reasons your mind will always have the upper hand over your body. I had a tall cold sparkling water instead ( which was much more refreshing ) and a delicious espresso. While I was drinking it I was smiling and looking around as if to say : " No I don't drink you see." And I could imagine my old self looking at me thinking: " Well done buddy! "..Best of luck to you all and congratulations for making the choice to stop.
----------immediate responses--------

Love that number!  Good for you using your weakness as a strength.
You are an inspiration. Never let your guard down.
That is a great number! What are you going to do to celebrate?
&gt;I almost had a relapse just a few days ago..Glad you didn't! 600+ days is great :)
