-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3i4qdy/day_22_and_struggling/

I've been trying to do this on my own and its not working. I'm a 23 year old female  I've been drinking heavily for the past six months or so. I would come from work and immediately hit the hard liquor. I'd pass out by 8 or 9 o'clock and wake up hungover and head back to work. I decided to get my act together and get sober after I passed out at a party about a month ago and woke up to a stranger's hands in my pants. My friends hadn't tried to keep the guy away from me because I guess I was all over him the whole night  but I don't remember any of it. I feel sick thinking about it and haven't been able to eat very much since this happened. I haven't really discussed what happened with anyone or clued anyone in on how much I was drinking. I have depression and I realize now I was self medicating in the worst way. I'm now on antidepressants but they don't really help with the urge to drink. Its been 22 days since I've had alcohol and its getting harder and harder to resist the urge. Im going to look into counseling or AA but any advice at this point would be helpful. Thanks for hearing me out.
----------immediate responses--------

Get to a 12 step group is my suggestion. You are not alone. 
I don't have any clear advice (sorry) but I just wanted to say I admire that you have had the strength and clarity to decide to quit and have gone 22 days dry. Really impressive and hard to accomplish. Maybe some advice would be to tell at least one person who cares about you the whole truth. Even one person knowing and sharing in your struggles and goals can make a huge difference. Also most antidepressants take a month or more to help with symptoms so hold out. I wish you the best. .
Hey first of all huge congrats on your 22 days. That is major. I tried to quit last summer on my own and lasted about 10 days. I just couldn't do it without having someone to hold me accountable without support without being honest with someone else. It was too easy for my addict brain to rationalize drinking again. I'm really impressed and proud of you that you've gotten this far...My advice would be to make a decision to go to the soonest AA meeting and GO. I'm only at 6 weeks but I'm no different than I was last summer when those 10 sober days were torture and evidently impossible for me to continue. The only difference between me then and me now is that I accepted I can't do this alone. What has gotten me at least to this point is talking to people (not everyone but my boyfriend and my best friend) going to meetings (I'm managing only one or two a week but I'd suggest going to as many as possible) and being completely honest with myself. I can't be sober without a bit of help...I'm so happy you posted here. This is a great step. Please continue reaching out here and elsewhere. You're so not alone. 
I'm sorry you had such an awful experience. I wish I had something helpful to say. It may be worth talking to someone about it a friend or counsellor or something? ..I can say though that you need to give the antidepressants time to work. When you were drinking they were doing bugger all but give it time and you'll probably find your mood has picked up considerably and things are easier. Your drugs will have a chance to work. That was my experience at least. 
