-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3i4sw1/how_do_you_know_when_its_time_to_go_to_rehab/

I've been struggling with alcohol abuse for about 2 years now and I can't seem to make it on my own. I've researched things on the internet and everything seems to say I need to go to rehab. Alcohol has affected my relationships work school health and generally negatively impacted my life. If I go I want to go voluntarily but I'm not sure if this is the right route for me. If anyone on here has been to rehab for an alcohol addiction and has some insight I would much appreciate it. 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
if you have never been to rehab and can't get a few days sober it might be a good idea
For me rehab wasn't about getting sober as much as a safe place for me to be away from stress and temptation to figure out where my life has gone and where I wanted it to go. It was an excellent experience and definitely contributed to my 3+ years of sobriety. In there I was able to talk to other people who are like me and found out that I'm not unique and my problems are similar to most of everyone elses. How I reacted to my problems is the key to my alcoholism. I chose the simple "solution" which in the end was just pushing off every problem just one more day until eventually I had more problems than I could handle in a rational manner which increased the need to drown my feelings and problems. Humans are created with emotions and feelings for a reason. Fear anger jealousy pain happiness and sadness are all ways the human body deals with what is going on around us. Eventually when you drown every emotion and feeling you become for lack of a better word immature because we don't know how to handle normal situations like normal people. That is why it is so difficult to stop. Because we sober up and see the wreckage around us clearly and don't know how to correct it. So we revert back to the old ways because it is the only "solution" we know of. Good luck with this decision. Rehab can be great or it can be horrible. Stick with winners and abandon those who are on a different path than you. 
If you don't think you can get started on your own then I highly recommend rehab. I could never get past the second day I would get frustrated because I couldn't drink and would verbally abuse my wife until she relented and said I could drink again. That was about as far as it got every time. Rehab doesn't give you chances to screw up and drink again. It puts you in a place with others who are going through the same process of trying to be healthy again. It gives you perspective and a safe place to clean up. 
PM me - happy to answer any questions or give you my two cents
Rehab gave me a deeper understanding of my condition (alcoholism) and introduced me to AA. It was just a stop along the way to my eventual alcoholic bottom. I think if I had been willing to actually stop drinking it would have been more helpful but since I was still in denial about it nothing really changed as a result of it.
