-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3i790z/from_surviving_to_thriving/

After 35 or so years of drinking heavily smoking pot cigarettes and some minor pain medication abuse I am finally free. Sure it's been a mere two weeks but I don't think of it in temporal terms mostly just that I'm sober at this moment...I had such a difficult time at first I was mentally and physically exhausted for a week. Then I plunged into a deep depression as I began to realize this was what the rest of my life was going to be like. I fell into the trap of thinking about forever instead of one day at a time..Worst of all I felt that sober me was unmotivated despondent and lackluster. Without alcohol or pot I had nothing to look forward to or reward myself with. I might never know pleasure again...I was terrified about the fact that my partner was leaving for a weekend away and I would be stuck with the morose person I had become although I knew I wouldn't relapse as I am determined to continue my journey come what may...Then something happened...I woke up happy and motivated. I worked my ass off on all the projects I had set my tools down on when I stopped drinking..I cranked the music I cleaned the house. I just had a great super happy weekend all by myself..I emerged from this whole thing as happy as I can ever remember being...Will I stay this happy everyday forever? Hell no. But now I know I going to be just fine without all the intoxicants. I was generally worried for awhile...Thank you SD for being there some people to turn to who understand where I was where I am and where I'm going. Thank you...TL;DR  I had a glimpse of happiness and pride
----------immediate responses--------

That's fantastic! Happy for you. I had one of those days yesterday too. Such gratitude!
This!.Thanks for sharing and grats!
I liked the tldr summary  
It's so awesome when we come out of the fog and see and experience the natural highs life has for us. Congrats on a fantastic weekend!
Awesome news. Really cool!
Congratulations on staying sober while being alone.
This is it. Right here.  Life. ..Thanks for giving me a smile tonight Ropestar.  I need to come back here more often....you folks are awesome. :-)
