-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3i9y6a/struggling_tonight/

Hey guys long time lurker and first time poster-- just wanted to put it out there that I'm definitely struggling tonight with choosing to not drink...I live in a pretty rough neighborhood and come home to random people sprawled out on the apartment doorsteps clutching cans of steel reserve and bottles in paper bags. There are massive loud scary pit bulls next door that charge at passerby's and bark incessantly in the evening and early morning.  I found two bed bugs on the floor last night and woke up with pink polka dots on my right arm and back.  And although the police found my stolen car a week ago getting over feeling of my personal space and safety being violated has been really hard...A huge part of me wants to escape this so bad inside a bottle of wine but I know it won't make tomorrow easier. I'm trying to practice gratitude for my health my job and having a roof over my head. Any other tips (besides envisioning how much worse it can be- believe me it's been worse) are greatly appreciated...TL;DR Struggling through the long list of micro-stresses in and around my home.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not sure if this will be helpful but you could try putting off the urge for just 10 minutes. Then another. Then another. Cravings DO pass although I know it doesn't feel like that right now...You will be so so happy in the morning that you didn't drink. Who ever regrets waking up sober?..You got this!
Just hang in there. Life happens drunk or sober. Time will separate you from the difficult pieces.
Also struggling...I keep looking for that pink cloud. I think I have too much major shit hitting the fan right now. In my gut I know if I drank it would be oh so easy to just give up and slide on down the rabbit hole. I can easily visualize myself being homeless and that's what keeps me from drinking...Edited to add I will not drink in solidarity with you.
Have you looked into a sober living enviroment?
