-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3iceqq/update_from_last_night/

Thank you everyone who read my post responded or sent positive vibes to me last night when I was struggling...I ended up getting out of the apartment and walking around Target for about an hour after buying bed bug spray and a $1 fizzy ice tea. Getting up and moving made a huge difference and the people watching at my local Target on a weekday night is usually pretty good. ..Today I have to get a copy of a police report for my stolen (but recently found) car and go to the DMV and apply for replacement plates. This would have been a thousand times harder hung over. So thankful for today's clear mind.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh well done.   That is huge!!
I spent a lot of time walking in the first few months of sobriety. I would get a great feeling of emptiness sitting alone in my apartment. Walking around my city gave me time to just be in the moment and experience things as they happened instead of mulling over the past and future. It's a great way to meditate to distract from the constant whirrings of the bored mind. 
&gt;Getting up and moving made a huge difference..Yes! I learned early on that doing ANYTHING was better than sitting there stuck in my own head. I sometimes would just go to the park the mall random stores or even get in the car and drive. If I sat alone and bored it was only a matter of time before I reached for a bottle. Glad you're sober another day. Here's to one more! Blessings
Nothin like an aimless 10 pm target trip to clear your head. Nice job
My daughter found a bedbug a couple nights ago (we think from her girlfriend who slept over on the weekend) and she's in full blown panic mode. I've already spent 150$ on spray and new mattress covers and tonight we start the tearful chore of washing everything we own. We're also calling the super and asking for the apartment to be sprayed...Ugh! Solidarity :)
Congrats on staying strong  and as someone who had experienced the hell that is getting rid of bed bugs I wish you the very best.  Worst few months ever. If you end up with a bad infestation learn from my fail and don't scratch  even if it's impossible not to  just don't scratch.  They've faded now but I had scars all up and down my arms that looked really really bad because I couldn't deal with the itchiness and scratched and scratched 
A massive sober victory. Well done!
