-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ikjdo/after_work_ritual_of_a_beer_or_mixed_alcoholic/

The daily ritual when coming home from work used to be kiss the wife play with the dogs for a few minutes then get my drink.  Then another then another then another etc.  Even thought a few times while giving the dogs their belly rubs "You guys are cutting into my drinking time.".Still the same "hello" ritual with the Missus & the pooches but now when I get my drink it's cranberry juice and sparkling water.  Sounds nice  and wholesome right?  But something occurred to me yesterday.  I'm still doing the same thing I did while drunk just no alcohol..The mixing of the drink now is physically they same motions I went through while drinking.  Even when I drink the new non-alcoholic mix I drink it at the same pace that I drank the booze. I unwind after work each day going through the same motions I did while I was drunk.  .The fact that it is the same motions quells the booze cravings but it now makes me wonder if this is a good thing or something I need to change to prevent relapse?.Thoughts gang?
----------immediate responses--------

At twenty five days in I would have stood on my head if someone said it would keep me sober. I don't see any problem with that behavior early on if it is helping you adjust to sobriety! I think it's great you're aware that more than just not drinking needs to take place for long term sobriety best of luck to you!
I substituted with sparkling water pouring myself a large glass was the very first thing I did on getting home. With time it became less compulsive and now the cat gets a belly rub first sometimes I'll not drink sparkling water until dinner :)..Edit to add - I'm much happier to have my recycling collection full of empty sparkling water bottles than empty wine bottles!
Just as /u/any_other said it's great that you've noticed this pattern of behaviour this is the beginning of a whole new way of looking at ourselves and our place in life. It can be quite daunting but also enlightening too! ..Routine for me is a crucial part of my sobriety but if something doesn't feel right I try to make small changes you know until things settle down again. Sorry I'm waffling! What I'm trying to say is you're in control and you have a great mind-set!..Stay strong :)
I'm at pretty much the same point as you but I can say that early on I definitely kept drinking all the same rituals etc...  just refraining from alcohol...I even did shots of apple cider vinegar.  But at one point I got sick to my stomach from the vinegar and the nice thing is since it's not an addictive substance I got kind of turned off and stopped drinking it.  Imagine that!  Booze caused plenty of pain but I powered through...Similarly if something came up when you were just about to start drinking your cranberry spritzer I bet you wouldn't have any resentment about not getting to drink it or force yourself to wait until you could chug it real quick...Again I don't have much more experience than you to speak from but I think when we're not dealing with a chemically addictive substance we're going to find that we eventually don't want to bother.  But even if we do we're not getting drunk hurting our health our hampering our relationships...Congrats on 25 days!
I love drinking fizzy stuff and I'm pounding La Croix as I write. It's probably a behavior I picked up from drinking but a key difference is drinking sparking water hydrates me while beer doesn't. I get an appropriate amount of reward chemicals for quenching my thirst  I would get an disproportionate amount of reward chemicals for drinking alcohol. After a two waters the thirst is gone and I stop drinking. After two beers the thirst is worse and I stop caring. 
It sounds like a healthy unwinding ritual to me. I have a similar one. Does it cause you to crave booze? Doesn't sound like it. What about it makes you concerned it could lead to relapse? That one day you may replace the sparkling water with alcohol? For me that would only happen if my commitment to sobriety had changed. 
I'm doing the same thing. I'm even pouring diet soda or sparkling water in my ritual wine glass - classy. I'm still sober today so I suppose it's working. I don't see any problem with it as long as it quells the cravings.
