-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3isbbh/not_struggling_to_drink_but_struggling_with/

I guess I am just looking for some support validation and advice. This past week has been terrible. Stressful poor sleep you name it. Prior to the week I had a couple of really good days where I hung out with my spouse enjoyed some Modern Family (TV) and laughed out loud like there was no tomorrow...I just need another day like that. I'm crying as I type this out. I'm struggling with anxiety and depression...What helps you with days like this?
----------immediate responses--------

One thing that helps me is remembering all feelings are temporary. My depression anxiety anger etc always pass. I will feel good again. Maybe not today but eventually...I also try and work my way out of funk through excercise accomplishments fun activities. For example two days ago I was positively miserable. Felt like shit for no reason. I played with my two daughters for 30 minutes and their laughter and fun made my negative feelings go away. Sometime I just need to get out of my own head.
I'm sorry to hear it's been so bad deedee.  But as you know drinking won't make it any better.  Can you get outside for some exercise even just a walk to get your heart rate up?  That always helps me.
I take comfort in knowing and accepting the fact that life gives us both good times and bad.  Having depression which is usually coupled with anxiety makes those lows even worse and hard to manage sometimes.  What works for me is having someone to talk to and just vent some of the things that are bothering me.  If you're anxious over things that are within your control write down a plan to fix it and how to overcome it.  If you're anxious about things that are outside of your control there is no point in stressing over it...A big step for me was realizing that not every day is going to be great and it's not meant to be.  Nobody lives a perfect life and certainly no life is without its highs and lows.  Embrace the fact that you are here now and that you have the power to change things.  If you feel these feelings are severe then I'd recommend giving therapy a shot.  You can have highs and lows but if your lows are crippling you seek some help.  You don't have to live with such crushing emotion you can choose to pull yourself up and look at things differently. 
