-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ita3o/if_you_want_one_of_those_awesome_40_year_sober/

I saw a news article about an actor Danny Trejo getting 46 years the other day.  That sounds pretty cool but in order for me to get there I'll have to live until I'm 75 or so.  That got me thinking...I'm 31 now and got sober a month before I turned 30.  Let's say I live until I'm 80.  The best I could possibly do is 50 years then.  What if I relapse and come out of it at 45?  Then the best I can ever do is 35 years.  What if I relapse one time at 55?  Then I only get two runs at 25 years each.  Man it'd be cool to get a 50 year chip some day but if I reset my counter at 40 years old I'll probably never get a 50 year chip...The takeaway is that the only way to max out your high score potential is to never drink again starting with your current streak.  Keep fighting the good fight.  ..Have a good weekend all.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Lol max out your high score. I like it
Thanks for this! I definitely plan on celebrating 50 years sober when I'm 76 :)
I highly doubt I'll make it to 50 years. I'll be 40 next week and somehow don't see myself turning 89 ever.
I don't know you never know what future technology might bring. You expect to only live to 80 but they'll make you live for two hundred or something...Though personally I don't expect to even reach average lifespan age. Must've damaged my body way too much already.
When I first started going to meeting "oldtimers" often said &gt; the longer I an from my last drink the closer I am to my next. ..I understand that more today than I did back then...
That's it. I need to live until I'm 79 and not drink. 
Sometimes it feels like I quit "early" and other times i can barely believe how long it took. (I'm 27) Does anyone else think what it will be like to die sober? On my deathbed I might have to go out with some morphine. But that's probably not the best karma to pass through with. 
My sober friend and I joke that we will drink and smoke on our eightieth birthdays! Just funny to picture...
My sponsor said to me once "do you know what the world record is for continuous sobriety?... 24 hours."
The amount of days are just a number mindset is everything personally for me. 
