-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3j4gxg/giving_it_up_harming_myself/

Today is day one of quitting. I have quit before earlier this year and I remember it being amazing. ..Lately I've been getting wasted at almost every opportunity I have. I feel like shit and I've been hurting myself quite often when I'm intoxicated. From cutting my arms my legs putting cigarettes out on myself etc. I think it has to do with the medication I'm on for PTSD called paroxetine (PAXIL). ..I am a husband and a father and my alcoholism has gotten to the point where every time I drink I want to bleed. I can't do this to them let alone myself. They both make me incredibly happy. My wife and I have been together going on 10 years now and she's still my best friend. My daughter is an amazing little human who deserves her father at his very best 100% of the time. She hasn't ever seen me obliterated but I fear for the day she would...Anyways I just found this sub today and I was reading through the struggles and success stories. You all are an amazing and dedicated group of people. I'll continue to come back here to share my own struggles or successes with this endeavor. I wish you all the best with your progress. Alcohol is an unnecessary evil.
----------immediate responses--------

For me once I stopped drinking and let my meds do their job (alcohol cancels them out) the change was drastic. Congrats on deciding to quit- we're always here to help out. 
I'm with you.  My kids are enough reason to trump all the nonsense my brain comes up with to keep me buying booze.  
Welcome /u/cliche_alias to r/stopdrinking.  At this [link is the Baby Steps post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which lays out the simple "next" steps to getting sober based on what I did that works.  Good luck to you I hope you will post and comment often as you go along.
Brother I did the same things and still do the same things if I drink again.  My solution has been finding things that still release the same endorphin that cutting does.  For me it is street trial bike riding.  Find some sort of healthy yet somewhat dangerous activity and have at it.
Welcome.
This sub has helped me alot. Good luck to you. You're right your family does deserve the best. Stay strong and check in often.
Glad you found us! 
I cut myself as a teenager and then re-started again once I started drinking heavily. It got pretty bad pretty fast -- drinking thins your blood and physically numbs you which just adds fuel to the fire. I almost bled out a couple of times unintentionally. ..The desire to self-injure isn't completely gone from me all the time but once you take away the alcohol I magically have quite a bit of self-control. (Unfortunately I will carry my scars with me forever which I assume be something that you will have to explain to your daughter one day as well.)..Good luck! SI is so much easier to handle sober. I can attest to that!
Self harm is never a good thing even while drunk; actually especially while drunk. I have bi-polar depression. I've used alcohol to self medicate and it won't work; i have scars on my face from falling through glass windows and scars on my hands from punching inanimate objects with simple rage. Alcohol is a depressant. It only magnifies the negative feelings you have...I am a single simple 27 year old with no children or family. If I had known that one of my ex's had my child things would've been different. I would've had something to persevere for and kept to my convictions. But I don't and so I doggy paddle in a storm and just try to keep my head afloat. Don't ever forget your family. They may be your biggest reason to hate yourself now but they will be your greatest reason to continue forward sober...Be strong brother.
Coming from someone who also used to self-harm: I promise you sobriety will help. I'm sure you know that but yeah. I've only been sober a week but already it's amazing the difference it has made. I'm able to work through my emotions in a healthy way and actually acknowledge feel them resolve and move past them. Clarity is wonderful. ..Best of luck to you please stick around :)
I'm glad to see you here :) what support do you have? What's your next step?
Welcome! I'm so glad that you found us and that you're here. This is the most wonderful place on the Internet. I really related a lot to your post. Self-harm was one of my first addictions and I struggled really hard with it for years. You can do this! You can break the cycle and give your daughter the life she deserves-- and give yourself the life YOU deserve. One day at a time :-) we are all here for you! *Hugs*
