-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jd4qt/keep_relapsing/

So six months ago my gf of almost three years got hit by a car after leaving my house. I was devastated and already had a drinking problem but I think this whole situation both aggravated and amplified the issue. Since then I feel like I've found some closure but I still continue to drink everyday multiple times a day. I own three business and I can't keep living like this with these stress levels. Any suggestions on how to get the first week under your belt and keep from relapsing. Thanks guys
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Sorry about your GF.  Is she okay?..There are many ways to get through the first week and unfortunately I do not think any of them are easy.  There are the [Baby Steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) generously shared by /u/coolcrosby which is a great option. ..Time for me was very slow that first week so I had to kill as much of it as possible by doing things other than drinking.  One of the best things I did was spend hours and hours here on SD reading and learning and most importantly having time pass while I wasn't drinking.  I really needed separation from the cycle of drinking to gain a perspective on my life and what was going on and how I was going to change...Good luck!.
I know how that is. First time I tried quitting it was because my best friend died partly because of booze. I went just over a month. Then my mom had a heart attack and nearly died. I was fine for a few days when she was in the hospital. Eventually I cracked and went to the bar. Stress was too much. ..But I'm trying again. Not for anyone else. Just because I know I need it. And I know the first month wasn't bad until the stress got there.
So sorry you're struggling.   I found any and every situation was a reason to drink....I finally went to AA and now I don't miss drinking at all.
My solution for getting the first few weeks under my belt was inpatient treatment. However owning three businesses is a lot to be on the hook for. So that option may not be conducive to what you need; but it certainly is an option. Frankly you may not have any of the businesses if you continue on this path . You might also try naltrexone or vivitrol (ask your doctor about those options). Maybe most importantly for me is a regular attendance to an AA or a SMART meeting. Going to the same meeting week after week creates a home group for myself . It allows me to build relationships with people with our disease. Those relationships have done wonders for me. It's a bit awkward being the new person but after a few consistent meetings people get to know you you will get to know them. I arrived early and stayed late to help set up and take down chairs with other people . ..Strength in numbers. ..I typed all this on my phone excuse any mistakes
