-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jdlcw/a_thank_you_to_my_cat/

I can think of no other living thing on this planet who had helped me more in my depression and my sobriety struggle than my cat. When I feel down or get a craving she's there to remind me of how simple life really can be that you don't need alcohol or need to care about society's hangups and demands to be happy. Just looking at her skulk around the house gives an appreciation of the little things in life. If she can be that happy just to get a belly rub then really I should be able to be happy with all the things I have in my life and I most certainly don't need to drink to do it!..So that's who I am thanking today: My constant companion and friend in sobriety. Thank you cat...Highly recommend a therapeutic cat ownership for those who haven't tried it (and are in a good position to be a pet owner). Even if you don't think of yourself as a cat person they are wonderful animals and they know when you are sad and always try to cheer you up in their own ways. The results may surprise you.
----------immediate responses--------

I would love a cat they're awesome. However I am so allergic to them I physically couldn't have one!
Yes!.A cat can just sit and do nothing for hours and be content.  Helps me to realize I don't always have to be doing something to be content.
Thanks for sharing your awesome perspective on more than just sobriety. It's always good to be reminded that sometimes we overlook the simple things just because they're no longer bright new shiny things.
What a beautiful post. Thank you for sharing. I've felt that way about my older dog for years- she kept me hanging in there for years during some awful depressive episodes. And now that I have a puppy well he's just a great example of the joy of living  
I feel exactly the same way about my dog. I'm lucky enough to have a wonderful girlfriend and some really great friends but nothing beats animals when you're really down.
I feel you. When I was at my worst depression/drinking wise I feel like he kept me alive--just knowing I had to keep being here to feed him and give him water. I had to keep getting up every day.
The Weakerthans - Plea From A Cat Named Virtute: https://youtu.be/fdwMkA1WaGU
This post put a serious lump in my throat. I got my cat as a tiny stray in 1995 and she is still going strong today. She's been there through good times some very very bad times and has for 20 years been my one constant. She has made me a better stronger person.
Also not sure about most cats but I swear mine can tell when I'm upset sick or depressed and comes to cuddle up. When I'm inebriated she gets pissed off and hangs out away from me.
I completely agree. My cat Rye has helped a lot just by running around being crazy and chilling in my lap. Being able to laugh at her makes depression bearable some days.
Great post. Thanks for sharing. Cats are wonderful because they need you (food and water) but have an attitude that it is they who runs the show...My kitten has been my saving grace. Watching her playing with her or even just holding her have all helped me to avoid that first drink. Sadly she's sick right now so I'm fawning over her which she hates but as long as she gets better she can be grumpy with me. 
Awwwwww that's beautiful! Ive finally moved to a pet friendly apartment and Im getting a cat in the next week! Yay! pets are the best xx
My dog is the best thing that's happening to me in a long time pets are amazing.
I know the feeling. During my first week of sobriety my wife had left for a week vacation with a bunch of friends. Our cat was still a kitten and we became best buddies. Still are after over 5 years. As for my wife she salvaged another kitten from drowning a year later and they became bff. Mine is a bit fat and somewhat of a slow learner. Her's is slim and clever. Don't know if I should read something into this ...
I love cats! .To be honest my dog really helps me too. He thinks I'm awesome and he reminds me how living in the present moment is the key to happiness. 
Love this post! I'll have to thank my dog. He's always up for walks and various other sober activities. Even excited about it for that matter.
I really do need to get one...I've let the years go by since mine died......I feel like I didn't take good care of my pets back in the late 90's and early 2000's and they could have lived longer....I was barely able to take care of myself
I'm the happy "owner" of three and everything you said is true. Cats are perfect companions. They have no problems about expressing their feelings and will always be frank with you. If they like you they will show you that. They will let you approach and play with them. That's a sign of trust and respect. ..Just by observing their behavior and taking care of them I believe I became a slightly better person.
I have a lot of things but my cat only has me. Right now he is spooning me in the small of my back. He's the reward for coming to bed sober every night and he'll never see me drunk ever again. Love you Patrick. 
Aaaaaw I love this post! Totally agree my cat is amazing too she's always follows me around looking for cuddles and good ole scratch behind the ear. It's comforting for me to hear her purr at night in bed. She helps stave off those lonely feelings! Yep if you can do it get a cat :)
This is awesome &amp; I'm glad you've got your furr baby! When I was drinking &amp; really depressed my cat was one of the things that kept me from going over the edge for good. I couldn't imagine my cat wondering why I never came back. I'm so glad you've got your cat and thanks for the post! 
