-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jelmh/broken_pancreas/

Most people associate alcohol damage to the body with the liver but amongst many other organs that can bee damaged the pancreas can be ruined as well.  Here I sit beginning my second week in the hospital with alcohol-induced chronic pancreatitis with the nice side effect of ascites caused by a leaking pancreas. ..I have had 2 paracentesis procedures over the past 2 months to drain the ascites fluid the first time 17 litres of fluid was drained the second time just 3 weeks later 12 litres of fluid was drained and now I expect to have another 10+ litres to be drained within the next week due to build up before my ERCP to place a stent in my pancreas.  I have not been allowed to eat now for 8 days only TPN-IV (Total Parenteral Nutrition) and will not be allowed to eat for at least another week.  I have lost over 40lbs and look like a rail except for my large ascites enlarged belly.....The stent was placed in my pancreas with the hopes that it will stop the leak of fluid and allow the digestive juices to go to the correct place as those juices pass through the pancreas.  Over 90% of the cases of this are alcohol related and it is incredibly painful.  As well my chance of getting pancreatic cancer sometime in the future just shot up many fold.  While my liver is fine my pancreas is fucked because of my drinking.....Along with this I have quite a large umbilical hernia cause by the fluid pushing against my guts and that cannot be reparied until the ascites is gone due to fear of infection.....This post was not meant for any sympathy rather as a slight warning that if you are someone like me who always thought 'it won't happen to me' well it can happen to you.  ...If you are thinking of stopping drinking because your drinking is too much quit before you end up in a hospital bed.  If you are thinking of starting back up drinking just don't it is not worth it.  I will probably be here in the hospital for at least 3 more weeks and my lifestyle and ability to do things will and already have been changed forever.  I am only 44 years old.  I wish I had just stayed stopped 1 of the many stops I have had over the years but I never did I always went back.  While I have been sober for 170+ days now it turns out I took 1 too many tries. ...As well I have very few friends left because my drinking has pushed most away and I have vey few visitors just wifi and television are my companions.  I do not blame my old friends for it was me who never went out or made an effort because I was too 'busy' drinking on my own....Take care all........... *****edit--- Thanks for all the wishes it means a lot even if we are all just internet strangers.  While not exactly the intention of my post if it makes someone who is struggling or keeps someone from ending up where I am that makes me feel good as well...And thanks to whomever sent me the gold a first for me.  And if anyone has any question feel free I am not doing much anyhow :). ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. 
Thank you for this powerful post.
It takes a lot of courage to post this and I wish you the best during your recovery. If you don't mind me asking did the damage to your pancreas take its toll during the time that you were sober or was it during a drinking episode?
Have faith that you will get through this and emerge with your health restored. You don't sound like someone who is self pitying your warning is well heeded..Get healthy and get back out there and out your hard learned lessons to good use...and make a few more pals!
&gt;I took 1 too many tries...A literally sobering thought. ..Thank you so much for sharing your experience it's helped with my rewiring. I always thought I'd address my drinking problems in the future that I'd stop before it got too bad. But at the same time I knew that was bullshit my friend's daughter younger than me died. I'm lucky to have seen sense I'm not going back to drinking myself to death...Congrats on 170 sober days that is awesome! When I started I couldn't imagine 6 months. I wish you the best possible with your health.
Wow thank you so much for sharing.  This is extremely powerful...You're in my thoughts.  I hope you recover as quickly as possible...Congrats on 175 days too!
Kick in my ass thanks. 
This is scary and really eye opening. Thank you for sharing
Thanks for this post. I believe you may have helped more people than you will ever know. I wish you a full and speedy recovery u/steamluver.
Boy Steam what a horrible thing. I hope that you find some supportive people to help get you through these frightening times. Please keep posting here you really did a lot of good today.
Good god. You're still getting TPN through an IV? You need a central line!
Thanks for this post. Alcohol truly affects every organ in the body. I am no longer surprised that alcohol is an aggravating factor in just about every condition I have luckily all relatively minor.
This is so frightening. I really wish you a speedy recovery. we are the same age I started getting constant pains under my left rib about 18 months before I stopped drinking... I had every test done but it showed nothing other than 'a sausage shaped pancreas'. Thank goodness since ive stopped the pain seems to have eased. Thank you for sharing this it really helps when thoughts of 'moderation' enter my head. 
[deleted]
Get well soon friend. Thank you for sharing.
I also experienced pancreatitis due to my drinking. I also went a week without food. It is one of the worst possible things you can experience not just health wise but pain wise also. 20/10 on the pain scale...I wish you all the luck in the world for a grand recovery. My last relapse had me thinking I was going in again as I was feeling the swelling and upper abdominal pain. ..Kids teenagers grownups - Pancreatitis WILL KILL YOU and so will drinking. Do you have a glass in your hand right now? Go pour it down the sink...Your pancreas is responsible for insulin regulation in your body. You only have one pancreas. If you damage it too far you are at extreme risk for diabetes; never mind just straight up organ failure. The only organ that will be working will be the one at your funeral...Thank you for this powerful post and yes it CAN and WILL happen to you if you let it get to that point...DG
Thank you for the post it will definitely help others.  Hope you have a speedy recovery!
Thank you for sharing this powerful post- it will help more people than you can know. I wish you all the best and as quick and painless recovery as possible. You'll be in my thoughts. 
Posting this was good. Your experience is helping many of us.
I am sorry you're sick it's horrible to feel like you're body's failing you. All my love to you--the past is done and we've all made mistakes. I fucked with my health as well...but the body's ability to heal is amazing  
I can relate. I quit this February when I got acute pancreatitis. Spent 2 weeks constantly on the iv day and night. Had some unexpected complications in my knees for some reason. At 28 this was a bit hard to take. I expected serious health problems no earlier than 50. 40 at the very least...Half a year passed I'm now slowly transferring to normal food from the strict diet I had to follow. The experience scared me a lot I remember reading about the cancer chances etc. I think I was lucky that the acute part was acute enough that I went to the hospital and didn't wait it out and consequently make it worse...The weird part is right now it's easy  not to drink because I simply can't drink. But the further it goes the more I start thinking about returning to drinking. Responsibly and only sometimes and all those mind tricks. Especially when having a bad day...Your post gave me some motivation thank you for that.
Really hope you get better. Thanks for the warning message to us all.
[deleted]
Thank you for sharing. This was powerful to read. I wish you a wondrous recovery. 
thank you for the sobering wake up call.
Thank you 
Thank you for sharing. Get well soon.
Thank you for sharing as well as everyone else who commented below.  This really hits home for me I developed pancreatitis from drinking about two years ago now.  A week without food away from my family and only myself to blame. I now struggle with chronic pancreatitis always reminding me of my past.  It's posts like this and comments like the ones you all have shared that really help to let me know I'm not alone.   Even though the pain from pancreatitis or whatever health problems some of us have devolved seems unbearable at times being alone is what I feel is the worse.  Thank you guys for sharing and having that not be an issue anymore 
Thank you for sharing this. I wish you well. Amazing what we risked for the drink. Best of luck with your recovery.
You've done some real good posting this .. it took courage and I thank you ... "1 too many tries" really stuck out for me. All the best to you and I truly hope the worst will be behind you. 
I had pancreatitis too but not this bad clearly. Very powerful. Godspeed.
You will probably never know just how many people your post has touched and how many people it saved from a harrowing experience. I wish you a speedy recovery!..A few years ago I had a gall bladder attack and my doctor said there was a touch of pancreatitis going on as well. She recommended that I stop drinking and I did for six months and then figured I was all better (and minus a gall bladder) so I let myself drink again ("I can moderate!"). Within a few months I was right back to the same drinking level plus a unit or two per day...A few months ago I started getting a weird twinge. I was terrified I had injured my internal plumbing again so decided it was a sign that I needed to lay off the booze permanently. I'm now a little more than two months into my sobriety and the twinge is gone. Who knows? Maybe I did save my own life by stopping.
I'm sorry you have to go through this hoping you have a good recovery. Sharing your experience has helped a lot of people myself included. 
This is true. I had problems with my spleen due to drinking.  I have no idea how - probably because my immune system was compromised and I would get sick but my spleen was enlarged (and very painful) three times over the course of two years which had not happened ever prior to the addiction issues.  
I just have to echo what everyone else is saying below - thank you for sharing this powerful story about your current struggle. I wish you only the best and hope you can start to feel better soon. You are definitely helping a lot of folks on here. I've given it "1" more try way too many times and it's posts like this that help me not give it another try. 
Thank you for sharing this it's definitely had a powerful impact on me and many others. All the best to you and I hope you have a quick and full recovery.
Will you post an update in a few days?  Pancreatitis can be pretty dangerous.
Pancreatitis became pancreatic cancer and killed my dad at 60. 
I just had my 2nd pancreatitis attack and it was worse than child birth.  Thank you for sharing you helped me more than you can know!  Thinking about you and sending well wishes!
