-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jpfv7/it_happened/

this past wednesday the 2nd i hit my one year sobriety anniversary. you guys- i used to roll my eyes when people said "it get's better!" "its worth it!" because it's really really really hard. early sobriety sucks not going to lie. but one day it doesn't suck as much...and then later you actually LIKE being sober and soon- you will do anything to never go back to that life again. .im a chronic alcoholic who had a knack for relapse- in the 15 years of my heavy use i never made it longer than 89 long depressing days. once again you may roll your eyes at this i understand... but honestly- if there is hope for me there is certainly hope for you. you are worth all the hard work <3 i wish you the best and thanks for reading. XOXO..edit: spelling
----------immediate responses--------

Yahoo congrats! And thanks. Early sobriety does suck...I look forward to my one year soberversary :)
congrats! Yeah I think its hard for alot of us to realize that 3 months or 6 months or even 9 months is still not enough time for some of us. It took me like 310 days to figure it out and like and want to be sober..Some people are faster learners than others. I am pretty slow at learning.
Congratulations..! I'm on week 3.
Congratulations !! .
It happened because you MADE it happen :D massive well done and congrats to you :) early days for me but hanging in there
Fantastic; congratulations!..For me early in sobriety I was to a large extent and it is cliche a dry drunk. And that's not a bad thing - much better a dry drunk than a drunk drunk though it was a vulnerable time I am so grateful to have held on for dear life! I got through the withdrawals which was excellent though I didn't have the routine and balance in my life that suported me I hadn't worked through my thoughts enough I was only just beginning to flex my sober 'muscles'...It took me over 4 months to discover and accept sobriety as something I need and want. That's when I started being more active in my recovery my health and the things I do. With each passing month my balance and suport is building my mind is rejecting old thoughts whilst building new thoughts and values. Through changing what I do how I think and process things got and continue to get better. Joy serenity gratitude resillience it's a long way from where I started...edit: spelling
Congrats! That's a huge accomplishment! I agree - early sobriety is pretty rough but it gets much much better very quickly. Keep it up! You're an inspiration :) 
Check your inbox; you are a DINO now!  Congratulations!
Congrats on the year and thanks for the post!   
[deleted]
Congratulations! That is awesome!
go you good thing!
One year is huge!! Conrats to you! 
Hard for some easier for others - but it doesn't mean we face different battles.  We just simply want to be sober...Congrats on getting to a year despite your knack for relapse you've made it this far.  Congratulations again...I hope it gets easier for you or that you find strength in the more difficult days.
YOU DID IT!!!! I'm getting there.
Thank you so fucking much for this post. .."you actually LIKE being sober and soon- you will do anything to never go back to that life again" - so spot on
I'm at 2 weeks today. Your post gives me hope. I already feel so much better. Can't wait to feel like my old self again. I caught myself singing in the car yesterday. Can't remember the last time that happened. ..Congrats on your hard work!! Big hug. 
I won't roll my eyes but I admit I am becoming less and less convinced that I will ever be able to quit.  Meetings therapy medication white-knuckling it finding other things to occupy myself...none of it seems to work for very long no matter how much I try. Sigh.
Congrats! I agree it is worth it. It's different but in a very good way.
