-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jsdl2/telling_friendsfamily_members_that_youre_an/

after a major relapse i now have no doubt whatsoever that i need to go the full nine yards to get better work the steps get a sponsor 90 in 90 etc. i'm really not comfortable with being known as an alcoholic and have explained away my behavior (not very successfully...) to family members as being related to anxiety and depression. which i think i have but it's nowhere near the full story. what are your thoughts on honesty about alcoholism as a step in recovery? i'd rather truly be an anonymous alcoholic but maybe that's not possible. thanks for any input.
----------immediate responses--------

I find it harder to talk about depression than my issue with alcohol. I enjoy the accountability so I tell everyone. When I wasn't comfortable mentioning it it was more of a problem of commitment. I wasn't sure if I wanted to commit to never drinking again so I kept things quiet in case I screwed up. I did and there was no one to catch me. Just my opinion.
Well O am not part of AA so far.  But it seems to me that people who have been around me already know and others it doesn't matter.  Sometimes when others offer me a drink I tell them that I stopped and if they ask hey I tell them my drinking had become excessive and I didn't want that.
I've found it's best to inform the people who you know will be supportive. I didn't tell my brother when I first decided to quit and when he offered me a beer I accepted it out of embarrassment (didn't want to admit I have a problem) and habit. Since I've told him I quit he doesn't offer me beer anymore and has been extremely supportive. But the casual contacts in my life (co workers bar "friends") don't need to know because they most likely won't even get it and might even encourage me to drink. 
I believe it is one of the most important steps in recovery. If you don't tell anyone you will continually be put in awkward situations where you will most likely feel pressure to drink. It isn't anything to be embarrassed about. Many people suffer from the same problem as you. Letting people know is difficult because it makes it more real in a sense. If people don't know then you can still drink around them. It's something you have to let go of if you are truly ready to quit. No more hiding and no more lies. Honesty is the most important part of getting better. If you can't be honest with others you are not being honest with yourself.
I've found that most people react very strongly to the 'a' word so sometimes if it comes down to it I will just say I quit drinking. I totally believe in reclaiming the a word and making us more visible but you need to pick your battles. I also feel like if I self-reveal it should be helpful and not hurtful :) but everyones family is different sometimes you just need to start out with what you are most comfortable with
My close friends know. Other people I just say somethig along the lines of "I dont really like drinking.  Gives me a headache." Or anything to that extent. It gets tiring explaining myself to people who dont understand
I am an active AA but honestly I didn't feel at all obligated to share my view of my alcohol problem with anybody except my wife.  I let my consistent sober actions do the talking.
I don't tell people that I'm an alcoholic. Close friends know but to everyone else I just don't drink. As far as it relates to them that's all they need to know. I don't like the word and it's associations -it feels like people will judge you or feel bad for you and be overly solicitous (is it ok to drink around you?) ..I  know I am that's good enough. 
Nope...I put my recovery first that means I guard it fiercely...The only folks I told in early recovery were in the rooms of AA and the fine folks here...My mum was in hospital when I first started getting sober and I (for the first time in my life) chose not to burden her. I had her over for dinner around the two month mark and it came up organically in conversation. Not with any for-planning on my part...I have never told my dad and step-mom. I doubt I will. I've been able to clear a fair amount of baggage with them without full disclosure and that's just fine with me...Same with work. It's clear after numerous functions that my drinking habits have changed and some folks comment but I stay anonymous...These days if any one questions (and remarkably few do) I tell them how much I hate the fetid smell of the stuff. ..My actions spoke (and speak) louder than anything I could have said..As an alcoholic  I'd exhausted credibility in a number of key areas...Do what you need to do lola to keep your recovery shiny..You're wearing diamonds in a scary neighbourhood - stay safe.
