-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3juwqq/its_easy_to_let_the_lion_out_of_the_cage_but/

It was 31 days ago that I drank again. The next day I came here and I wrote a heartfelt post about the relapse announcing an immediate return to sobriety. There were around 30 awesomely supportive comments to that thread. It meant so much to me. I looked at all those comments and still drank that night. The next day I vowed again to stop drinking. I made a heartfelt post thanking everyone for their support and then drank again. The day after that I made a third post detailing the costs of my drinking again. And then I drank again...I still checked in every day but it was pretty much back to regular drinking   even though the sober days had been great; even though I thought I wanted to stay sober; even though I had just experienced great suffering from drinking. I reset my badge once or twice hoping that might have a lasting impact but it didn't so I stopped requesting them...I'm not quite sure what the point of this is. Partly I think it is to just offer up one more example of just how difficult it can be to break the cycle once it gets started again. It wasn't just a bump in the road. It started the cycle of accumulating failed attempts again (and how many failed attempts have I had over the last 30 years?) and wow how those can wear me down...But partly it is also because when I checked in this morning I asked myself what the words  I will not drink today  mean to me. If they represent a real commitment then I need to match them with action. If I want to break this cycle then I need to not drink. I want this and today those words are going to mean something to me. Even if I do nothing else today I will be sober when I go to bed tonight..
----------immediate responses--------

You can articulate the lesson but can you live it?  It begins with one day.
Ugh. Sorry you're struggling like this. I've been there it's no fun. ..Can you do something else to work on your sobriety? If checking in here daily isn't enough support (and much as I rely upon and love SD it wasn't enough for me) can you add in some in-person support? Support group therapy IOP? I had to up my game quite a bit to get sober again after relapsing...Thanks for posting about your struggles - it's helpful for the rest of us to see and understand the process of what happens after a relapse. It's not so simple as "I did it once so I can quit again later." As or more importantly it's good for people to know that they can **always** come back here after a relapse. It takes what it takes you know? Some people get sober on the first try some people don't. In some way or another we've all failed at controlling or quitting drinking so we've all been there. ..Take care of yourself and move those feet man! 
I feel for you man. I had periods of many years where I just did not even try anymore because it seemed an imposible battle to win. ..You are still writing thinking and trying so you can do this. I wish I had some simple advice that could help but I don't. All I can say is when I finally had success it came through a kind of shock and awe attack of changing almost everything in my life at once. Up earlier in the morning to bed earlier different food exercise at former drinking times constant reading about addiction and sobriety minimal contact with anyone who drinks driving different routes. I changed as many things as I could essentially trying to reprogram myself to be a sober person...You can do this. Take care of yourself and please don't give up on the battle.
I remember this stage - denial rationalization good intentions tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow self loathing fuck it oh shittttt...It was not fun.  Or easy.  Once you are over the hump staying sober is truly easier more fun a better way to live.....Enough.  You can be done.
Sounds like you really know what you need to do today.
gelastic_farceur I love this! You have put into words a paired phrase to my favourite phrase I feel the set is now complete. A perfect pairing! Thank you!..I found a phrase for my thoughts on moderation:..["It's easier to keep a lion in a cage than keep a lion on a leash."](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2k2nug/abstinence_is_easier_than_moderation/)..Now I have found one for relapse:..["It's easy to let the lion out of the cage but difficult to get him back in"](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3juwqq/its_easy_to_let_the_lion_out_of_the_cage_but/)..It works on more levels. You let that lion out of the cage who knows what damage is going to be caused how long until you get him back in and maybe it'll be hard work getting and keeping that cage shut again...I'm sorry to hear of your struggles and hope you can do what you need to to stay sober today. I may be a little biased but I think September is a great month to stop drinking. Rooting for you.
I really enjoy your contributions gelastic I'm sorry to hear you are struggling. After my recent relapse I had a major internal struggle to stay "in" and not give in to the fuckits or the pain or the hopelessness or disappointment... What helped when my brain was working so hard to make me drink again was to think about the time I had before I went out. 100 days. I had made to a 100 days sober for the first time in many many years. So I know I can do that much. That's a fact Jack :) Even if your longest time was 2 days you know you can get those two. So get two and work for three. Next time (if necessary) you'll know you can get three and work for four... One day at a time has been working really well for me but maybe a twist on that perspective can help you. I know my first time around I did the /u/coolcrosby baby steps and woke up every day and said "I'm not going to drink today" out loud with the knowledge I can always drink tomorrow if I want but I'm not breaking my commitment to today. Then I would reassess every morning whether or not I wanted to drink in the next 24 hours. Or sometimes I said it without assessment and then I was just screwed and couldn't drink that day no matter what ;) Saying it out loud and committing to myself was very powerful for me. Internet hugs you got this.
You your sake and your sanity I hope you make it this time.  Best wishes.
I've fallen many times and got back up. I can't count how many times I've reset my badge. But thanks to the mods they kept doing it. You're here posting so I know you can do it. Just don't stop getting back up.
I quit after 30 years of hard drinking and many failed attempts.  It's hard to see it when we're in the middle of the drinking but sobriety actually is WAY better.  Honestly you can do it.
I reset my badge so many times it was embarrassing.  And I realized that it had become an impediment because I was cheating even with the badge which made me feel worse.  So I'm on Day 3 with no one to answer to but myself.  My only goal is not drinking to improve my self-esteem -- and isn't it great when you wake up and feel good about yourself!
How's your Monday starting?..**What are you going to do differently today to hit so your head hits the pillow sober?** You have lots of commitment and motivation but commitment and motivation alone haven't been enough to break this cycle. You've been thinking extensively deeply thoroughly about not drinking. But thinking alone hasn't broken your cycle. So what else do you need to do?..I've been thinking a lot about your post and have started a couple replies (finally speaking from the I). I *want* you to do this want your thinking and typing and reflecting to pay off. But that's not been enough yet. The awesomely supportive comments haven't been enough yet. What else can we do to help you make it enough for one day one hour one minute at a time?
I'm rooting for you to break this cycle! It's already been said but I will echo the question what will you differently to break the cycle? Perhaps make an appt with a therapist go to a meeting or have a predetermined action you will immediately take if you get a craving? You've been so supportive on here what about posting when you're in the midst of a craving so we can support *you*? I've seen that really help folks make it through a rough day/night. Don't give up I want to see you succeed!
You're always welcome to the Saturday men's meeting that I PM'd about 
