-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3jwl2c/back_on_the_wagonbut_happy_about_how_quickly_i/

For transparencys sake - I originally posted here under a similar name but hastily deleted my account when a co-worker saw my name when logged into reddit and joked about reading my posts. I didn't want him to see my posts here on StopDrinking..not because I was ashamed but because I didn't think it was any of his business and also because I didn't want the fact I was arrested for DUI to become a topic of conversation at work. ..I originally started posting here about 8 ish months ago after being arrested for DUI which thankfully was reduced to reckless driving - although I was ready to accept whatever consequences came. It took me a couple of failed sobriety attempts before it stuck. I ended up going 5+ months sober before falling off the wagon. ..I had always suffered from what I initially thought was mild depression but am now positive was much more serious than I gave it credit for all those years. Me getting sober coincided with me going to the doctor and being prescribed anti-depression medication. ..The change was amazing my life did a complete 180. I lost a ton of weight. I wasn't hungover all the time. I wasn't blacking out 2-4 times a week and making a complete ass of myself. I was more outgoing. The anxiety (social and otherwise) was slowly leaving as time went on. I was happy...After 5 months I started to doubt whether I TRULY "had a problem." It's a common feeling in recovery and one that I will have to be vigilant about the rest of my life. I thought maybe the depression had driven me to drink and now that I was on medication maybe I could enjoy drinking like a normal person again. I stopped reading SD and other forums I was frequenting...NOPE. ..In a month and a half I ended up drinking 5-6 times. Everything was fine. I overdrank a bit each time but all of them were relatively incident free. At least I didn't wake up with terrible regrets and shame. ..The last time was the one where my drinking showed its true colors. I had the house to myself on a weekend. I started drinking on Friday night and kept drinking straight through Monday afternoon when I passed out at 3 PM and slept for nearly 24 hours then woke up with a hangover that rivaled the worst I had ever experienced. This in particular was wild because I was never much of a multi-day binger and more of a one-night overdrinker. ..As far as relapses go I'm pretty happy this one went the way it did. I didn't ruin any relationships. I didn't drive intoxicated. I didn't say anything nasty that I didn't mean or make an ass of myself in public. But what I did get was a very clear sign that my drinking problem wasn't just my depression - it was legitimate alcoholism...and it had crept its way back into my life in a big way...I'm sad that I don't have 5 months sober anymore but surprisingly happy that I was able to come to my senses relatively quickly and be clearheaded about it. Hopefully this story can help someone in a similar mindstate and help them make better decisions than I did :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back!..I fell off the wagon but as of yesterday got back on too. I too was in your shoes when I started drinking again thinking "oh well I took care of that extra baggage so maybe I'll be okay drinking tonight" but nope. Eventually I was binge drinking and constantly feeling terrible. Almost had an incident happen that could have ruined my relationship this past Friday but luckily I caught myself before anything happened and decided the next day that I must stay sober. ..Good luck! PM me if you need some one to talk to. It only gets better from here.
Welcome back! I made a post this morning about how hard it is to come back despite my intentions. Throw everything you have into it. My quick return turned into several weeks of "just tonight and tomorrow I'll get back to it."
Welcome back. Just to reinforce your point: it took me 10 years to make it back from my relapse and I will spare you the details of the wreckage I left behind. Moderation is a mirage.
I liked drinking in moderation with friends as long as I could go home later and start to really drink irresponsibly. That was my idea of moderation.
