-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3k50y9/does_it_ever_stop_being_a_struggle/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Being sober hasn't been a struggle for me in a long time...When I quit I felt like I was losing control of the pieces of my life.  I've often (even earlier today) described it like juggling and losing control of the chainsaws.  I felt like I had to make a change and the one thing I knew I had control over was whether I'd drink or not...So after a terrible fight with my wife (one in which I was hammered for most of it) I decided to quit drinking.  At that time I wasn't necessarily doing it for me.  I really thought that after a couple months both my wife and my therapist would tell me "Oh.  I'm sorry.  It wasn't your drinking all along.  It was wrong to pressure you to quit."..As you might suspect that's not how things went down...For the most part things got better really fast.  I had previously been diagnosed with depression and my therapist and I were starting to talk about treatment (in the form of drugs).  That depressive haze started to lift.  Things in my life did start making me happy (a pleasant drive ice cream lasagna nice quality time with my wife)...After about a month and a half I had an epiphany.  On New Year's Day my wife and I talked about the miserable time I'd had the night before at our NYE party.  Everyone else was drinking at our "Wine Dinner" and I wasn't.  I said that "The wine was 'the thing'" and I missed out.  She pointed out to me that dinner was 'the thing' or our company was 'the thing'.  She could take or leave the wine... it had nothing to do with her enjoyment of the evening.  In that discussion I realized that I saw alcohol in a very different way than my wife and my friends.  It was all I could think about (even at 45 days "sober").  And then I admitted that I was an alcoholic.  I hadn't said the words until then.  And I instantly felt a weight lifted from my shoulders.  It was a huge relief.  I never had to deal with the stress of drinking again.  I never had to be concerned that I'd have enough to drink.  Or that someone would notice how much I actually had.  From that moment I was going to be sober...That day I started exercising.  Over the next year I lost a lot of weight.  100 pounds in total (though I've put some of it back on).  I have healthy hobbies now.  I have friends that don't know me as a drinker.  Some know I used to drink.  Some don't know.  And don't care.  I handle problems in my life maturely and without trying to escape...Making that realization that I am an alcoholic and can not drink alcohol in a healthy way was truly life changing.  I went from being depressed to being really truly happy...Good luck.
Broadly things got easier for me with sober time not in a linear way. A big shift happened for me after about four months - I came to accept long-term sobriety as possible desirable and necessary for me. I started building more balance and being more active in my recovery...Sobriety for me is a blessing and is bringing a serenity and acceptance. I'm off that exhausting desparate wheel of pain that was my daily cycle of alcohol abuse I am so grateful. One day at a time it's simple it's not always easy but on balance it's so much better. I can do more than the bare minimum now I can face life and move forwards. 
[removed]
