-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3k7g2p/new_here_struggling_immensely/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there. Welcome to r/sd. You've made the first crucial step... You've admitted that you need to stop. Your story sounds fairly similar to mine (as well as many others here). The most important thing I've found is to stay on top of sobriety. I need to be thinking about it frequently. That gets tiresome but it's necessary. ..You'll need a gameplan also. Distractions are great. Video games movies books music and hobbies. I ride my bike all the time and play vidya when I get cravings. ..As for meetings many athiests make AA work for them in various ways. They replace god with other things. (GOD= group of drunks). There are also SMART meetings which don't rely in spiritualism for recovery. ..Last note there's a #stopdrinking IRC chat room. Link in sidebar. 
Hey a lot of what you said I can definitely agree with. When I first went to AA and found out what it was all about I almost put it down right there. A great thing to do before you get into the meetings is the read Alcoholics Anonymous. Specifically the chapter 'We Agnostics.' Before I got to AA I was pretty much a practicing atheist. I'm still against religion just don't see much of a point of it. I do now realize that being spiritual and being religious are two different ballparks. Don't let that be the thing that gets you caught up with not going.  And hey man at least you can say you haven't run out in front of a bunch of cars while tweaked out of your mind :D 
I'm not in AA but it was when I finally dropped my objection to AA (similar reasons plus have somewhat of a public face that I didn't want identified as a drunk)--anyway I got over that and stopped saying what I *wouldn't* do to stop drinking and instead decided I would do anything including worshiping the god of war and sandwich spreads if that's what it took. ..Y'know? So that's my tip since you ask: pursue sobriety as your number 1 goal more important even than any preconceptions and ideas about what kind of person you are (because in my case the kind of person I was -- that was the kind of person I didn't want to be...). I'm not saying go AA (I never did make it) but open yourself to *anything* that works. For me sobriety was more important than my marriage family or business-- 'cause I'd lose all that and more if I didn't become sober. ..Maybe things aren't so bad for you yet but it sounds like you're on a path that doesn't lead to a good place. ..The other piece of advice: **make a plan.** Specific small steps that you can achieve. Positive replacements for drinking activity. Pursue a deferred passion hobby or avocation. Include exercise both physical and mental. Counseling can be good. Keep a journal. All these can be part of a plan. ..OK enough from me. Glad you're here.
[deleted]
