-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3kcv48/enough_is_enough/

Hey Everybody! Long Long time lurker here and throw-away account. Here it goes......A little background I'm 25 years old and have been drinking since 16. Drinking has always been in my Family both my Grandfathers were bad alcoholic's one literally drank himself to death. My Father is an alcoholic every night since I can remember he has been drunk but he is functioning which always made me feel like it was ok. Drinking was always fun for me parties every weekend throughout high school everyone was doing it so what's the big deal right?? ..Fast-forward to joining the Army. This is where Alcohol became serious. I drank an average of three 40'oz's a night and ended up getting into some trouble but got a break because it was during the Surge when they needed every able bodied person to go to Iraq. Well I did a whole year in Iraq without drinking (Because we weren't allowed to). I was in the best shape in my life and had a clear mind enough to make you not want to drink anymore right? Wrong. All I could think about was having that beer or getting fucked up the minute I got back like how could I not see this as a bad thing? Looking back now I realize the Army itself has a bad drinking culture that is highly glamorized and it's kinda sad thinking about it now... Fast-forward some more and here I am post army life still drinking nearly every night gaining 40 pounds and having to move back home with my folks. Now living at home isn't so bad going to college on my GI-Bill and paying off debt I can hold it out. But I've been depressed and have anxiety so I would always turn to Alcohol. Doing the same routine and drinking alone in my room every night is a bad sad and hard habit for someone who has a problem. I've struggled to make friends and I felt it was harder for me to communicate with people the past couple of years...Over Labor Day weekend though after making some new friends at school and going out to a concert I thought they were "weird" because they didn't drink but then it dawned on me maybe it's me who's weird because I have to drink 12 beers before a concert and make a drunken fool out of myself not even remember what happened. So that night I settled for a sweet tea and rode it out sober and have kept it going. It feels great not to have a hang over every single day btw. ..So today is my fourth day of not drinking and I've decided to keep it that way.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
best of luck man. grats on the 4 days you got.
Four days is a lot if you drink like I do. I always remind myself that I never have to have another drink. 
It is great not to have a hangover everyday. Congratulations on four days keep it going!
Congratulations my friend.  I too started drinking at a young age and am currently 25.  Coincidentally labor day weekend was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back for me too.  Wishing you all the best. 
Awesome! The first four days can be really tough!
&gt;I thought they were "weird" because they didn't drink but then it dawned on me maybe it's me who's weird because I have to drink ..That's a pretty astute observation and one I've found to be refreshingly true on the other side of things for a couple years now - generally I was surprised that the world didn't revolve around booze for most people and that indeed there was so much MORE fun to be had without it. Not to be too judgy about it but these days I really can't fathom why people would want to spend every night or weekend or whatever in a bar when there is so much other great stuff to do...Sounds like you're back on track. Awesome! Do you have a plan in mind to keep things going smoothly?
[deleted]
Hey man as a fellow veteran I agree with you about the drinking culture in the Army it is seriously problematic. For me that was where my drinking ramped up big time. ..Rock steady soldier you can do this!
Good job man keep it up. I was a closet night time drinker I did it for 10+ years one day I came home and I could taste the alcohol in my regular beer and I dry heaved a little that's when I knew I had had enough. There is way more to this but I don't want to steal anything from you. Congrats!
