-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3kkt1t/how_serious_is_my_problem/

First of all I apologise. I realise this subreddit must get this kind of post a lot...I would like if I may to tell my story...I have seen the damage that alcoholism can cause. My mother is a recovering alcoholic - she has been sober for nearly 3 years now. Let me tell you about my mother she isn't perfect but she has always done whatever she can to help me out in life. Whilst sober I couldn't really ask for a better mother. When she was drinking she was unrecognisable. She had turned from the loving caring mother that I had always known to a bitter evil woman. I cannot express how drastic the change was between sober and drunk it was truly Jekyll and Hyde...Her last relapse was the worst - vomiting blood police kicking the door down and liver damage. She hadn't washed in weeks was drinking 24/7 and had even drank drain cleaner in an attempt to take her own life. Dark times...Thankfully she has made a full recovery since then. It is difficult for me to see things from her point of view I cannot comprehend the complexities of her illness. I fully believe that she did not *want* to drink - I can understand every drink she took *except the first one*....I can see worrying behaviour in my drinking. I fear that I have a serious problem but that it is not serious enough (yet) to give serious repercussions. I do not fully understand my drinking...It started a few years ago. I was living with my GF and her mother. Her mother is disabled she cannot walk; she cannot leave the room that she lives in. Her mother is not a nice person. I sympathise with her situation I really do. But the extent of her venomous bitter attitude far surpassed that which can be explained by her situation. A truly miserable situation all round. ..I would buy myself a 4-pack of beer on the way back from work. 1 per day occasionally 2 as a treat once I got back from work. Over time this increased - and slowly it changed from a post-work treat to a normal part of my day. Most days I would drink 4 beers (500ml 5%) after work some days 6 occasionally 8...In the past months it's starting to seem like something to get out of the way. We moved into our own house 6 months ago my drinking has probably slightly decreased since then. But I still drink too much I find myself pounding back my 4 beers quickly so I have the rest of the night to drink plenty of water as not to feel shit in the morning...I'm not really sure where I'm going with this. I am concerned with my attitude towards alcohol. The amount I drink whilst far from ideal is not my main concern.
----------immediate responses--------

You sound like you have a long way to go before you hit rock bottom and that's a good thing. You're also aware that you may have a problem and want to do something about it. That's also good...The amount you're drinking is really far too much to be healthy but the only person who can say how serious it is is you. Good luck.
The next time you head home from work could you decide not to stop on the way to buy beer?  Could you continue to make that decision indefinitely or just for a few days?  Alcoholism isn't necessarily just the amount but is the craving/desire/habit ingrained in your mind?  ..&gt;I can understand every drink she took except the first one...I think this is a good thing for you.  I understand the first one very well.  I understand pulling into a gas station and sitting in the parking lot arguing with myself before I finally give up and go in to buy beer.  The Jekyll and Hyde analogy is very apt.  I am two people.  I'm the responsible adult who hates drunk me.  But I'm also the drunk who couldn't care less about sober me...I would ask yourself those questions at the beginning and answer to yourself honestly and then decide if your answer merits concern or not.
Let's talk about "problem" -- the fact that it worries you is a problem apart from any sort of objective feedback on how much is too much which seems to be what you're asking. Drinking is affecting your life in negative ways. So that much is too much. ..Here's a low-risk suggestion:..Take a 30 (or 60 or 90) day challenge. No drinking for 30 days minimum. See how you like it. See if it's easy or hard to do. Take note of how you feel at night and in the morning what happens in your relationships your job performance your money your state of mind and your social life. Your health. ..Then assess both positive and negative. Make two lists. Then you can decide what to do next and you'll have some really good mindful data. ..What do you think?
I just found this subreddit thanks to a FP success kid meme. I was going to post here asking am I an alcoholic? - but then I saw your post...It's interesting how similar our situations are. I started picking up 6 packs of Bud Light here and there. I'd drink 3 one night and 3 the next. Then I eventually moved onto drinking 4 of them and justifying that there's no point in leaving 1 or 2 left in the fridge because that's not going to satisfy me tomorrow. So it didn't take long before I was killing a 6 pack 3-5 nights a week...Now I stop at the gas station after work and buy a 12 or 18 pack of Heineken. I moved on from Bud Light because it wasn't strong enough. On average I drink 5-6 in a night but there are plenty of nights where it's been 7 8 or 9. My commute home is over an hour long and I will often crack open a couple on my way home. I justify the drinking and driving because I know I'm not intoxicated. It isn't unsafe but it sure is stupid of me. When I go out and drink I get fucking plastered nearly every time. I pretty much seem to only do that when I go to a bar or something...Well much like yourself I often wonder if I am becoming an alcoholic. I don't think I am but that sounds like something an alcoholic would say. There are nights where I don't drink. I don't wake up and drink. I don't regularly drink during the day although I have started drinking beers at 2-3pm plenty of times. I picked up an 18 pack of beer on my way home the other day and I didn't drink any until I got home. I was proud of myself for doing that... How stupid is that? Can I really be *proud* of myself for not drinking 2 beers on my drive home? I worry that I'm in the beginning stages of alcoholism and I have too much to lose to let that happen. I don't want to end up too far gone...edit: I just found this in the sidebar: "**Alcohol Assessment Test** Not sure if your drinking is a problem? Take this test and find out." http://sd.bot.nu/quiz/audit.php..edit2: I was honest on the quiz and scored in the highest risk level with a 24 :-/
I think that if I were in your position I would seek out a little therapy if that's possible to look into the stressors caused by your mom and your gf's mom. It seems to me that you're self-medicating but that you have a self-awareness and that is good. 
In terms of the amount of alcohol you consume I have seen much much worse but the fact you are already worried about it shows you have a chance to get out way earlier than some of us..
I took the suggestions here and I stopped. I looked at what alcohol was doing TO me and no longer FOR me. After 60 days I had come to decision that I needed more help and sought the help of those in a 12 step program. All of this was not because of the amount I drank but more because I still wanted to drink once I stopped. Today I am happy with all those decisions. It started with stopping and evaluating my relationship with alcohol. Take care out there and I hope you find your answer.
