-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3kogit/a_year_of_tests_passed/

Today  I celebrate a year of complete sobriety! I never imagined it would be possible  to be honest!  I haven't gone 365 days without drinking since the 1st time I started drinking  so this is a proud moment in my 29 years young life! I started drinking around the age of 15 so that's about half my life at this point. Crazy to think about! Even crazier to imagine how different things would be if I decided to get sober sooner; but that's neither here nor there..I've decided to try it on my own (no AA) but I read a lot of the literature  and have created myself a pretty kickass support system. My newfound healthy lifestyle (quit cigs 2 years ago; 8 months no pop no fast food no junk food no energy drinks) and lots of exercise. I am also traveling the spiritual pathway to buddhism  which has helped me gain a lot of self awareness and perspective..I wish I could lie and tell you how easy it has been lol but life is still a struggle but I think that's the whole point.  Life is ALWAYS a struggle lol it always will be! But I just ask myself WHAT WOULD DRINKING DO?? And I usually find myself laughing back to reality.  Because let's be honest  drinking doesn't do Anybody Anything really. When you come to terms with that fact sobriety actually kicks ass. It makes you stronger. Focused. Like a super power lol 5 steps ahead of the majority of folks...REMOVE YOUR CRUTCHES AND LEARN TO WALK is what I tell myself. You don't NEED anything! Just a healthy dos of reality  and a positive attitude..My job is still stressful   My daughters mother (were not together) is still a pain in my ass lmao     I still worry about money    my father in law was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer   but ATLEAST I'M STILL SOBER! ..I am celebrating in Key West (florida) this weekend for my girlfriends sisters wedding. Everybody has been sloppy drunk this entire time but it serves as a constant reminder to where/who I was a year ago; and how happy I am with my lifestyle changes!  I've spent the weekend in paradise finished 2 books slept incredible  and taught my daughter to swim and spent the nights adventuring around town with her.. and honestly  I wouldn't have it any other way!!!!  ..I genuinely couldn't have done it without this sub. It's one of the only reasons I use reddit. I lurked before I quit drinking. It motivated me so much to quit and commit. I posted when I wanted to share my accomplishments.  And I lurked even when posting didn't feel necessary.  I thank you all from the bottom of my heart for SAVING MY LIFE. For lending support. For listening. For motivating. And congratulating. ..FOR ANYBODY LURKING OR JUST STARTING; STICK WITH IT!!!! YOU CAN DO IT!!! YOU'LL NEVER BELIEVE HOW GOOD LIFE CAN FEEL! YOU'LL NEVER IMAGINE THE FREEDOM OF TAKING OFF THAT BALL N CHAIN! IT WON'T BE EASY BUT NOTHING WORTH HAVING IS! LOVE YOU ALL SINCERELY
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I just learned a new fun way to combat SBB (Scumbag Brain) when he starts his whining: Just ask myself WWDD?! Love it. I'm so happy for you dude!
well done. great to see that you didn't simply quit drinking you also made other positive changes to your lifestyle. i hope to do the same.
Congratulations! 
"what would drinking do?" ..I really like that approach. I've never seen a problem so bad that drinking won't make it worse. I need to keep the reality of that ever present in my mind. Congrats on the first of many sober years for us both :)
[deleted]
Great work man.. really beautiful to hear how well you're doing.  I wish I could borrow some of your positivity!  
UPDATE: no vacation would be completed without a nice little argument with the significant other LMAO      But Atleast I'm Sober hahahah I can only imagine how escalated things could have gotten if I had been drinking  ..She's dealing with a lot with her dad's illness and her sisters wedding (which was today and went great I might add) but I spent the entire weekend taking care of her daughter and waiting on her and her sister all damn weekend. I took the little one swimming before bed which meant we left the wedding a little early (it's going until 11 she's 3 and she's literally the only child there. And I'm the only non drinker) well my girlfriend comes to the pool and wants to have this indepth-ass conversation about "what's wrong" and "she can tell I'm upset" lol it was ridiculous.  DEFINITELY turned into more than it even needed to be; I was fine to be completely honest. It just would have been nice if she left with us for a bit on our last night on vacation. She could have went back to the wedding after I put the little one to bed?..It was one of those non arguments that turn into arguments lol and then "what's wrong?"s  &amp;  "why are you upset"s lol..But shiiiiiiit atleast I'm sober! ..Just a friendly reminder that LIFE IS NOT PERFECT AND IT NEVER WILL BE! GOOD NIGHT  FOLKS! One day at a time..W.W.D.D?    
Congrats on 1 year! Love your approach to dealing with the struggle!
Congrats on a year!!
