-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3kv29k/messed_up_big_time/

Hi stopdrinking..For the last six weeks I've been sober and I think a lot of that has to do with lurking on here daily and reading about the success stories and the commitment that you have all made to living a sober lifestyle.  It was by far the longest I've managed to stay off the bottle in about twenty years and I really loved being sober; I had more energy I had more time for my friends and family I was so happy and I could actually do my job - and enjoy doing it! - instead of turning up still wasted and totally useless...Unfortunately I guess I still harboured a small pocket of reservation that I have a drinking problem.  I figured that after six weeks surely I could go out and have just a couple of drinks without losing control.  Instead I got black out drunk made a total fool out of myself and - worst of all - cheated on the love of my life.  This isn't the first time I've done this.  I feel like the worst person ever.   I know that I should end the relationship because my fiance who has been nothing but amazing to me from the very beginning deserves to be with someone who is not a total fuckup.  ..But no matter what happens I am not drinking again.  I have read dozens of relapse stories on here and for some crazy reason  I still thought that it wouldn't happen to me.   ..So I guess I'm coming on here to say that this is my new day one.  This time around I'm going to try posting here because the community you guys have formed is amazing and I'd love to be a part of it.  I'm so tired of the way I drink ruining all the good things in my life over and over and over and over again..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! I know that feeling of being so sick of apologizing and screwing up. Look forward to reading your posts. :)
No body is perfect.  The past can't be changed and all we can do is learn from it.  I wish you the best and look forward to reading your posts.
Welcome back! You're not the worst person ever you're just a person and we mess up. I'm a seasoned relapser (been here six months... Now look at my badge) it sucks and I can empathize with what you're feeling. But as long as we learn and come back stronger we've succeeded. ..During one of my first relapses after about five weeks one of my different actions was to post here more. I had a weird mindset about it though like posting here would magically make everything simpler and I'd have no desire to drink. I eventually got frustrated when a lot of things were the same and even deleted the account I was using at the time and tried 'moderation' again. This led to one of the longest streaks of drinking since I started getting sober. ..I've since reevaluated what happened and what I learned is that I needed to do more than post but sincerely reflect on what I read here and on the advice given. This time around I've been a lot more adamant about following the advice of the veterans (and beginners!) here I've accumulated and it's been a wonderful process so far (coupled with some important habitual and thought pattern changes). ..Best of luck! 
