-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3l5li2/im_not_getting_any_support_from_family_or_friends/

Its my sister's 50th birthday on Friday. We haven't spoken for quite a while and she has been steadily becoming less and less supportive of me over the years. I bought an apartment over a month ago and she hasn't even rung me to see how my move has gone or to come and visit. She doesn't work or have kids so I think she's just a slack bitch. Im over it. ..Anyway I told her in March that Id stopped drinking. She didn't really have anything to say about that other than 'oh yeah I think I might drink too much'. I rang today basically inviting myself to her place for her 50th. She said I could sleep over 'so I could drink' (because of course I normally drink) but I said Im still not drinking and Id drive home. Im on 0.0 BAC at the moment anyway so I don't drink. ..Then she proceeded to tell me that she was going to get wasted and how much booze she has bought. Oh ok no problem. Honestly I don't care if people want to get shit faced. Ive done it my whole life. Im just pissed off she hasn't even asked how im going nor does she care if I relapse. She is my only family. Im rally not sure if I want to go now...I also have a few friends who don't call me anymore since Ive told them I don't drink. They have all been old drinking buddies. I only really have two friends left who it doesn't bother. One has never really been a big drinker who doesn't care Im not drinking anymore (but he's a huge pot smoker!). I'm just feeling painfully lonely. Its really hard feeling like Im going to have to start making new friends as a sober person.  ..Other than that things are pretty good. Im loving the gym still doing weights 6 days a week! I have shoulders and biceps!
----------immediate responses--------

Not going is always an option whatever puts your sobriety first there'll be other birthdays! What about meeting up another day for something during the day where there's no expectation of drinking?..Whilst I was drinking I was a bad friend to a friend who quit drinking. I was thoughtless and inconsiderate and that was all about me being wrapped up in my own drinking...My sisters are slowly getting on board with my sobriety the change has taken time I wouldn't classify them as supportive. My sobriety is up to me...If you do decide to go having the escape option is good! Have you got anyone who can come with you who doesn't drink? Can you bring along your sober drink of choice?..I get the lonely thing most of those people who're still in my life are at a distance and building new friendships can be slow. The gym thing sounds great I find an exercise regime valuable and it's an opportunity to meet people with common interests.
Congratulations on your acquisition of Shoulders and Biceps. They make life so much easier when the need to carry groceries arises. I'm assuming the arrival of Shoulders and Biceps are a recent event precipitated by your newfound love of the gym. I say don't go to your sister's 50th if you think it will be annoying or full of drama. Instead...distract yourself by celebrating your sobriety with your new friends (namely Mr. Shoulders and Ms. Biceps). Take them out for a nice dinner with some other sober friends or body parts...show them off... and use them to lift forkfuls of awesome food to your mouth...rather than tempt them with liquor...I'm sorry. It's 3:30 am and I am punchy with lack of sleep...but totally sober. I would just point out as someone recently in denial...being around sober people was nerve wracking for me when my life revolved around alcohol. I didn't want anyone else not drinking when I was drinking and I was always conscientious of how much everyone else was having compared to me. So if your sister has a problem with alcohol she may be uncomfortable being around a sober version of you and this is her protective mechanism. Congrats on 222 days of sobriety- take care of yourself!
Quitting drinking is about as intensely individual decision as they come but it can definitely change relationships and friendships. Some people might start to question their own choices (as you mentioned) or even see it as a threat to their own happiness...But honestly? Who cares - this is for *you*. True friends will be behind you 100%. Why spend time with those who try to bring you down? Plus there are a bunch of sober happy people - here and everywhere - to meet and build new friendships with. It's daunting but totally worth it. Some of my best friendships these days are with other people in recovery. Shared circumstance can lead to a much deeper relationship...Sounds like things are going well for you otherwise though - keep posting and finding support through the community here! :)
I don't have a lot to add because everyone that has commented has given great support and advice. I just wanted to say know that you're not alone. My own family doesn't think that I have a problem and I learned long ago I have to find a way to manage without. The folks here though they get it. I know I can reach out and someone will be there for me in some capacity whether I'm struggling not to drink just want to share my joy or don't know how to deal with some unexpected twist. We may not be besties that I can call and grab a bite with but here I get to share a part of myself I can't share anywhere else. That's pretty awesome. 
I definitely don't get paid in parades and confetti for this SD thing.   My satisfaction in having stopped comes from deep within.  This is all for me and I get all of the satisfaction and reap the benefit.  ..My wife and children are undoubtedly better off but it's not like we talk about it much.  And most of our friends just carry on.  Drinks are poured.  No one makes much fuss that I drink a lot of seltzer now.  Sometimes I wish they'd ask more questions. I'm definitely not one to push it on people.  It just kind of is what it is.  But it would be nice if SOMEONE expressed some interest and a few pats on the back.  Oh well I plan to out-health them all now.  ..I've lost a bunch of weight. (I improved my eating habits a few months after I stopped drinking). All of my fat friends tell me I've lost TOO much weight.  Lol. God I love that.  I am doing great and I will throw a parade for myself.  ..Keep kicking ass stopwining!!!  Here ya go.     
On the positive it sounds like you are learning about what you want in a relationship. I have been undergoing this process and have found myself disappointed by relationships more than when I was drunk or high--because now I actually need something from people. ..When I am frustrated with a family member or friend I allow myself those feelings then move on into a plan of how I can actuate what I want into reality. It's scary to realize you'll have to create a new sober network in your life but isn't it also really exciting too? We don't have to do it all overnight : ) .
Chyaaaaa weights!..If it were me I would not go. Thats just me its not my decision to make. For the most part my friends and family have been supportive. But I have had to let some relationships slip away simply because all the other person(s) wanted to do was drink with me. 
I feel ya man (or lady as the case seems to be). As someone said I try to remember how little I cared for people while drinking. For me thus was because I was sure I'd drink too much one night and die. I was hoping for this as I felt it would be easier on family and friends if I died "accidentally" rather than physically killing myself. ..For you it sounds like not going or going early and leaving early would be the best options. And as for myself I try and remember that my 35 days don't make up for my two years of rampant alcoholism. This helps when people don't trust me because while I feel I'm doing better it has only been a month and they've seen me relapse before. Regardless of what you do congratulations on over 9 months of sobriety!
1. Do you love your sister?  .2. Do you feel if you go to the party you can stay sober and not succumb to temptation?  .  .If you answered yes to both questions you should go. And I would take her up on her offer to sleep over anyways!! Show her how much fun you can have without booze!!  Then y'know pancakes in the morning!!
I would show up looking hot from all that working out and strut. Wear your sobriety with confidence. You worked hard for it. 
