-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3l6jqy/newbie_here_just_want_to_say_hi/

Hi I have been fighting the same struggle as everyone here for a few months a month or so ago I tried to do something about it and go to a couple meetings. I stopped going thinking I could do it on my own then recently made a huge mistake that's going to affect my whole life. It's going to be a struggle for a while and I know that I need to stop drinking and I'm just trying to go to any meetings I can. But I just found this subreddit and I think having an online community always there can help me greatly. S o anyway just wanted to say hi and I look forward to talking with everyone here and I welcome any advice anyone has! Thank you
----------immediate responses--------

Hello..Welcome there is some great material here.
I'm glad to see you updating.  Post and comment as much as possible.  Stay involved it works.
Welcome. You are in the right spot. ..I made a huge mistake that really changed the course of my life about 4 to 5 weeks ago. After I came out of my drunken haze I realized that I needed to make a significant change. I had two trips planned with 'the boys' and then I entered an outpatient rehab program on August 31st and have not drank since then. ..One thing I have really had to do is focus on getting better and not this mistake that I made. It was a mistake that ended a romantic relationship with someone I deeply cared about. In the back of my brain I thought 'well if I get sober maybe I can win her back.' In reality this is not the case at all. She is gone and I will not be involved with her again due to my actions. With that said I always remind myself that I am doing this for me and not to fix any of my past actions. What happened happened and is the past. I cannot change that. The only thing I can change is my actions in the present and I am choosing not to drink. This will only help me avoid situations like the one I described above and make me a better human being. ..Keep on truckin'. You're a great person and you deserve a great life. 
Welcome! I'm new here myself and I can honestly say it helps loads to just vent here and talk with others. Don't forget to check in on the daily threads. This sub is working wonders for me man. Good luck!!
Hi Stranger!..I met some incredible support on here and you will too. Welcome and congrats xx
