-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3l6xpt/i_feel_like_im_planning_a_relapse/

Yesterday I realized that I could start drinking again if I wanted to. I don't know why it took that long for me to realize it.  Now I keep getting lost in thoughts about what it could be like (which are so far off of what the reality of my drinking habits are). I think I'm over how awesome it is to wake up not hungover every day. I really  don't want to start drinking again. The pink cloud may be gone. Gonna have to start putting more work into staying sober I think. 
----------immediate responses--------

Something that has been suggested by many and one thing I do when I get to that questioning/romanticizing state is to "play the tape forward".  Imagine what it will be like to have that drink and then the next and the next...how will you act how much $ will you spend what will you feel like the next day?  I can drink whenever I want but I already know what that future looks like and it ain't pretty.  I want to see what my future looks like with some serious sober time under my belt!  Stay strong you can do this!
Personally I never wanted 1 drink.  I wanted to feel buzzed (intoxicated by alcohol) which means when I drank I drank dangerously and uncontrollably and I behaved in unaccountable and risky ways that endangered not only my life but the lives of others.  Relapse took me to a hellish place.  But I found that focusing on the negative side of relapse was of only limited value because we all know that there are countless times we got away with it.  Instead I choose to focus on both my positive health and material gains and those stories of others who have achieved phenomenal turn arounds in their lives.  Sobriety is worth it.
When I felt wobbly I found it very useful to read my list of key motivations and my [cost-benefit analysis](http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/library/Tools_and_Homework/Quick_Reference/CBA_Worksheet.pdf) to get clear on why I'm doing this. ..&gt;I think I'm over how awesome it is to wake up not hungover every day...I'm not over it: I write down 5 gratitudes and 5 acknowledgements daily. Helps keep my spirits up and helps me to continue to recognise what's awesome about sobriety and the small steps I take each day even if it's been a rough day...Keep going you CAN do this!
Got to play that tape forward man...60 days is a very common time frame to relapse.  You're feeling good you're last hangover has slipped far into the distance and your alcoholic brain pounces....When I used to feel that way I'd get to the next AA meeting and/or call my sponsor.     Staying up in my head and mulling it over was the worse thing I could do....A phrase that helps me:...If I give up now I'll soon be back to where I started....And when I started I was desperately wishing I was where I am now.
&gt;Gonna have to start putting more work into staying sober I think...I go through phases with work and sobriety.  Right now I am working really hard again. I am hitting meetings more than usual reaching out more than I was reading and meditating on sobriety and life stuff more than I was.....bc I started to have cagey thoughts and feelings as well.  I think it is a combination of coming off of a vacation and hitting my one year; I dunno really but for whatever reason I had a rough few days and while drinking wasn't an OPTION I was honestly worried that I might pick up.  So I got really vigilant and really into sobriety.  It's helping in a matter of days.
Don't follow through on the drinking again thing. I felt like you for a good 2 weeks before I relapsed a few weekends ago. My relapse wasn't even enjoyable for 10 minutes and I was miserable the 3-4 days I did drink again. It took me until about day 5 of sobriety to finally start feeling alive again. 
All of these comments are very helpful. Thank you all so much. I'll try to do an extra meeting tonight and will read my list of reasons for quitting that I wrote during my first two weeks sober
I relapsed after 600 something days. Not quite 10x the amount of time you have now. Let me tell you. It's not worth it. You think it will be different and how nice it would be to share some wine with your girlfriend or how easy it is to unwind after work with a beer but listen it's not worth it. One glass turns into two. Glasses turn into bottles. Pretty soon you're right back in the same place you started cursing yourself for slipping. The guilt stays far longer than any hangover. I'd trade anything to feel that solid foundation of sobriety under my feet again but things are still wavy. Don't take it for granted. I'm back up to three weeks or something but it will take longer to feel secure again. I'm probably projecting a little bit on you so I'm sorry I'm just offering my experience. 
I lapsed last Friday. I'm bruised sore poor and exhausted from pulling myself back up again. Care to share my remorse with me so you don't have to grab some of your own? I'm happy to share! Stay strong! xx
I'm glad you posted this.  I'm only on day 7 yet I'm already catching myself thinking "Well after 30 days I can go ahead and start drinking 'normally' again."  Yeah right.  I have to FF the tape to where I'm still drunk/verge of hungover and trying to care for two small children the next morning and the guilt I carry for being in that state around my kids.
dos things:..1. play the tape forward. Even if you manage one drink what happens the next day? The next week? How long can you keep the lid on this thing?.2. A relapse *ends* when you drink. It starts in your head..3. You don't want to drink and you have intrusive thoughts about drinking: that's OK! That's actually common based on my anecdotal talking with my friends: "huh at any moment I could go into any bar and relapse" is just like "huh I could jump off the subway platform into the train." Neither of these express an intent only a possibility. It's the call of the void.
The good news is you are aware of what is going on for you. That's awesome. ..I don't know what gender you are how old you are what your financial situation is or where you live so it is a bit difficult to give more pointed suggestions. I will just throw some stuff out there that I have found helpful in my travels through recovery. ..Make sure you pay attention to Hungry Angry Lonely and Tired.  I found that it is really a great reminder to be aware of those states. ..I would try and really sit with yourself when you have cravings or relapse thoughts and see if you  can figure out what is else is going on with you emotionally? Are you stressed? Have anxiety? Bored? Looking for excitement? ..Exercise really helps. It naturally creates dopamine and stimulates the pleasure center of your brain and gives you something to do that builds self-esteem. Accomplishing goals is very helpful to focus on as a general rule. Is there something that you have always wanted to do but were too busy drinking to do? ..It is also helpful to find activities that attract people that don't involve drinking. Yoga dancing martial arts rock climbing hiking museums bike-riding movies chess volley ball treasure hunts etc etc. ..Meetup.com is an awesome place to look for activities. In larger cities you will have many more options. I know in NYC there are all sorts of sober meet ups that have nothing to do with recovery just socializing without drugs or alcohol. ..You can't just stop drinking. You have to change your life. Filling it with fun and interesting things will help you feel the rewards of not drinking. As you said the lack of being hung over goes only so far. It it may be time for you to start living your life more. Start small and see where it takes you. 
This is paraphrased from a previous SD post not sure who to give credit to but I think it applies..."If I quit this SD journey now I will soon be back where I started and when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now"..
Agreed. Lately I find myself thinking "I can totally just buy a bunch of bottles of booze and keep them around just to make a mixed drink or two after work every now and then. I can totally moderate and not chug a bottle a night." ..Then I realize how I've tried that before and it never works and when I think about it for more than two seconds I realize that being drunk doesn't actually even appeal to me. Just the drinking part. I feel so great being sober. I'm losing weight faster. I don't feel bloated I'm not sweating all the time I'm not hungover and I've finally stopped waking up terrified of what I might have done or said to loved ones the night before (which took a couple weeks to stop happening before I was in the habit of not assuming I'd drank the previous night). Why would I choose to go back to that? ..The act of drinking is appealing to me but when I think about how that would make me buzzed then drunk then passed out then hungover - I just realize that it's not worth it. The only thing I'm attracted to is the act of making a drink and sipping on it and well I can do that with non alcoholic things to fill the gap until I'm more comfortable in sobriety. I feel so great being sober though the pink cloud is slipping away and I don't want to have to start over AGAIN.
[deleted]
Getting honest with yourself and sharing that here with all of us feels like a really solid thing to do. ..Thanks for putting this out there. ..Reading your post made me realize I've had a slippery little voice in the back of my head trying to gain some traction...Let's keep feeding the good. ..Stay courageous!
Good for you for recognizing it.
