-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3lfyr9/hi_again/

Hey guys! It's been a while since I've been active on this sub but I found myself coming back a week or two ago because I have had some moments of thinking "maybe I should try moderating." I quite on Halloween of 2013 so it's been a while. I've posted before under different usernames and sometimes pop in to the IRC chat as wolfy or some variation on it. I'll try to keep this username from now on though :)..I went through a SMART Recovery program in my city and loved it. I moved away for the past year and did not do any kind of recovery program but stayed sober with no issues. I moved back recently (to the city I did the recovery program in) and I think the stresses of the move and the return to the lifestyle here have been bringing back some old triggers. After all THIS was the place I had all of my struggles with drinking in. ..Anyways I wanted to make an effort to return to /r/stopdrinking to engage with a community of sober people again. I have been reading posts the past week and it's helped a lot. Thank you for everything you post. It's tricky to keep perspective at this point when it feels like my rock bottom was so long ago. Reading your posts has helped me remember that all I need to find a newer lower rock-bottomy-er rock bottom is that first drink that sets my old patterns back in motion. ..I just wanted to say hi again and I look forward to posting more. Also to all the newbies it DOES get better. These mild thoughts of "maybe I could try moderating" are pretty tame compared to the roller coaster I remember from when I first quit. Take it one day at a time and the days will pile up before you know it. ..Edit: It should be noted...I will not try moderating. This idea is what sent me running back here!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! So glad you're here!..Moderating is for non-alcoholics. I'm glad you chose this subreddit over going down that tortuous path. 
Welcome back! I've been writing out some quotes to stick on my mirror today I'll share one that spoke to me today - /u/coolcrosby gold:..&gt;I realized that it's not the 2nd 3rd 4th...12th drink that gets me. It's the first drink; and frankly my thinking immediately preceding that first drink. I need to be vigilant against thinking and behavior that will take me right back out. And I've already proved to my satisfaction that relapse means danger disaster and possibly death to me or anyone within near radius...With SMART recovery you likely still carry some of what you learned there with you and much besides. But if you feel like you would benefit from a refresher on any aspects there's the [toolchest](http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/toolchest.htm) [online](http://www.smartrecovery.org/community/calendar.php) and [face-to-face](http://www.smartrecovery.org/meetings_db/view/) meetings available.
&gt;Reading your posts has helped me remember that all I need to find a newer lower rock-bottomy-er rock bottom is that first drink that sets my old patterns back in motion.  ..This.  Exactly this.  I'm grateful daily for the posts here to remind me of what came before so that I don't have to remind myself the hard way - by going back out and experiencing it myself.
Welcome back! I'm back fresh again too after a stint as cracketpot_ for a bit and with my main ID before that. This place is a lifeline out of my own head. Looking forward to not drinking with you!!
