-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3lgub5/i_think_im_at_the_stage_people_try_to_moderate/

So I'm almost to day 90. I feel mostly free from alcohol's grasp and am enjoying sober life. I feel like "I'm better"..I miss the the theory of drinking. I like the good times with friends that I associate wit drinking. I like the taste of beer scotch etc.  I have fleeting thoughts about what it'd be like to drink like a normal person. ..I can really see how someone at my stage thinks they can handle "getting back in the game" for the little perks we perceive. ..That said I have fun with my family and friends sober. Don't need booze for that. There are a million tasty beverages I can drink that aren't alcohol. Most importantly I can remember all the horrible things I did to myself with alcohol and even if I managed to pull off moderation I don't want to try. ..Thank everyone here for your struggles and successes that have been shared and helped me get where I am today. ..Sober onward!
----------immediate responses--------

You are very perceptive. For me the hard part of quitting wasn't the beginning (this was quite easy). It was the three week point the three month point. I'm getting ready for the 3-year point...
Hooray /u/ParaqitoAzul!
   
Great perspective!
This is exactly why I keep reading posts here.  As sober life settles in and feels normal I need to be reminded of what it was like when I was drinking. I am so grateful for the newbie posts.
Sober on!
Onward!  I'm right behind you don't let me get in front!  ;-) I do enjoy the flavor of good alcohol too and the fun social moments.  But we both know that those moments aren't as nonchalant as we'd like to imagine they were.  God the obsession I had with when/how/how much I could drink.  I so do not miss that.  So good for you for recognizing that little nudge and choosing to stay the course.  Let's make it to 90! ..edit:  too many damn exclamation marks!
I relapsed at about three months a few times through the years. Always with the "this time will be different I have new rules" delusion. Good for you for thinking clearly and grounding yourself. Keep it up !
Yeah 7 years for me and i still get a fleeting moment every day where i want to drink...Makes me mad heh.  I wish i could go back in time and kick my own ass before i ever drank in the first place.
Dude. I tried so many times to moderate. Never worked for me. NEVER. I tried so hard too. I finally buried that idea and am so much happier sober all the time.
Yeah I relapsed right around day 100 and spent the next two years and two months in a hellish fight with myself.  
