-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3linue/out_of_nowhere_i_had_a_horrible_urge_to_drink/

I'm not sure what exactly happened to trigger this but I was cleaning my house after work and suddenly felt funny like my sugar was crashing. It was that shaky light headed woozy I-must-get-food-in-my-pie-hole-right-this-instant feeling except instead of the food in my pie hole feeling I had the most overwhelming urge to drink. It almost felt like a compulsion. It was so strong I went and looked to see if there was any liquor in the house. There wasn't. Instead I stuffed my face with tortilla chips and then spoonfuls of almond butter. The feeling passed after about 30 minutes but it unnerved me. I never really had horrible cravings for alcohol when I first stopped drinking. I struggled more with the habit of drinking than actual cravings. ..Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Holy crap that's scary...What would you have done if there was alcohol in the house? 
I'm cheering for your almond butter!..So I used to get those blood sugar crashes or that's what I called them but after getting some distance from drinking and listening more to my body I think that shakey feeling is related more to an anxiety attack for me. I've had them come out of the blue without anything particular going on in my head. ..My therapist said something to me about the body getting opportunities to release old stuff when the world around us is calm and this can come in very visceral ways. ..Not sure if this is relevant to you. ..I'm super glad you're posting!..Yay almond butter (better than the bag of sugar ;))!
Yikes!!! I haven't had any real cravings so far...and I've often thought I'd be fine if there was alcohol in my home (my husband very occasionally drinks) but this is a really good warning. Thank goodness there was no alcohol in arms reach. Thanks for sharing this.
Way to hang in there...I was similarly blind sided by an innocent Mtn. Dew DewShine which I swear tasted like whiskey to me. My GF got me a 4 pack of it for my birthday and I took one to work for lunch and I'll be damned if my mouth wasn't watering having these terrible cravings. The thing was I kept on tasting just a bit more of it just another sip until I was like halfway through I just shook my head and dumped it told a coworker and my boss let them know that I was kind of freaking out and called my temp sponsor. after about 5 minutes we were just kind of shooting the shit on and twenty minutes later I had a couple cups of coffee and a candy bar and I was much better. Up until then I couldn't help but think about the taste on my breath and how much I just wanted more and more...I would've never thought that some damn innocent soda would've made me lose it like that. Now that I look at the promotions associated with it though I guess it's not too shocking. It's a throwback to their bootlegger roots and I think it's terrible that it's a soda marketed to kids as much as it is adults with the little damn cartoon hillbilly with his jug of moonshine on the label with the slogan "It'll tickle yer innards!" Yeah it'll make me temporarily insane (if I'm lucky)
This happened how long after you stopped drinking?
I'm so glad you didn't find or drink any alcohol! Wishing you the best especially as you explore some medical concerns. 
[deleted]
I thought about drinking when I turned on to my block yesterday coming home from work. 54 days ago I would have come home to a stockpile of wine red white or rose...to suit my taste for the evening.  Fridays started my weekend wine fest. .I didn't have wine at home to drink not sure I would have caved anyway....There is always beer and usually rum at my house.  .I can pass all that right by sober. 
So weird!
