-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3lmz8s/tough_day_today/

I think I am the only human on this planet that might complain about a beautiful day at the beach but I really had a tough one today. The day started great... Hit an awesome meeting early this morning that was the largest I have been to yet. There were about 80 - 100 people in the auditorium and it had two GREAT speakers. I went with an older gentleman from my outpatient program because we do not have any sessions today. ..After the meeting I jumped on my bike and met an old friend who was a drinking buddy of mine. We rode down to my best friends house who was also my best drinking friend. His wife is out of town this weekend so normally that means the two of us getting shit canned because he has no curfew no drinking limits etc. So the three of us start on my friends sundeck upstairs and make our way to the beach. Did some body surfing played some bocce ball and soaked up some rays. However my two friends were knocking them back pretty hard the entire time. I was also getting a lot of shit for not drinking because I have not told anyone about my recovery thus far since I am so new in. ..I did not once have an urge to drink but I could feel myself getting cranky and anxious as the day progressed. It was like my subconscious telling me 'hey a beer would be really good right now' and my brain was fighting back those thoughts. I am tired from today and need to be vigilant for the next couple of days. I was taught in my outpatient program that relapses are quite common after being surrounding by alcohol and others drinking not at that exact moment but the next couple of days after. ..I am supposed to be at dinner right now with these two and another friend who was joining us for dinner. I even made the reservations. However as soon as I broke from the group on my bike to go 'shower and get ready' for dinner I made the choice to stay home tonight. I cannot handle this anymore today. I put myself through the ringer throughout the day and that was quite enough for 24 hours...I do not know what I was really expecting by going to the beach with these two but I am glad I experienced it unscathed. It was a good learning experience and I am more in touch with what I can handle from a social standpoint early in my recovery. I know my nerves around people drinking will get better with time but right now it is just best if I stay away from these situations at all cost. ..Thanks for letting me vent. I appreciate it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear you had a rough day but good on you for paying attention and knowing what you need to do to stay sober. That's half the battle right there.
It sounds like you gained some valuable insights the hard way.  Congrats on staying strong.
Nice job on not drinking. I'd have avoided that situation at 20 days for fear I'd not survive it.  Hell I'd avoid it today. ..Sober people/sober places is where I've been hanging out. I miss some of my drinking friends but I don't miss drinking. 
