-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3m3pfo/losing_my_marbles/

Last night I had a really terrible night as I said on a diff post. I did drink 3 kombucha last night. The verified no alcohol kind. Which means it's less than .5% and a kid could buy. Normally I would never do that--I see anything like that as undesirable and scary and I avoid. But I sort of mentally broke and just got exhausted from the vigillence--having to google things to make sure they don't have alcohol having to scan restaurant menus to make sure there's no alcohol added to the food. Anxiety and obsessing over it. But I didn't stop at just one I had three. So now I'm over here totaling fractional percents in my head confused...I figured it would be safe since it is "non alcoholic". Clearly it went very poorly for me tho. Now I'm lost...did I fuck up or not? Do I want to drink tonight? Hell no. Am I extremely depressed right now? Hell yes. I am going to switch to a different anti depressant on Friday when I see my doctor because the depression seems like overkill. Please understand that 99.9% of the time I have no interest in taking a drug and a complete aversion to alcohol. Last night and Father's Day (where I almost took a Vicodin but couldn't get one) were the only two days I've just emotionally snapped...I spent a long time taking to a family member last night who is very supportive. but I need some input from u guys ....Edit: I am starting counseling/therapy soon as I very much need help with these kinds of struggles
----------immediate responses--------

Why did you have three?  Why did you order something that could potentially have alcohol in it?  Sort of sounds like you were subconsciously wanting to relapse.  I would say you didn't fuck up.  Sounds like you were in an emotional state conducive to a relapse but you didn't.  My last relapse happened when I was in that .01% of the time that I was emotionally vulnerable.  I would call it a close call and a victory.  
Did you fuck up?  No I don't think you did.  I'm not sure how many ounces each kombucha was but you've got to drink a shitload to get drunk off of it.  ..What I think happened though is that you learned kombucha might trigger the same initial feeling you get from a few sips of beer or wine.  You don't want to drink tonight which is good.  ..Do you regularly drink kombucha?  It's probably best to steer clear if you're worried about where it might lead so I'd advise not drinking it.  You didn't do anything terrible you didn't get drunk and you learned something you can use to help yourself in the future.  Take the positives from your experience last night and use that.  ..I'm sure some more knowledgeable people on the subject than me can give better advice but those are my two cents.  Get through today and tonight without drinking and you're doing just fine.  
Definitely I stay away from non alcoholic beverages because I am afraid I will crave alcoholic beverages due to the taste. In fact in early sobriety I had to avoid Diet Coke because my poison of choice was Diet Coke and rum. Smelling Diet Coke and tasting it reminded me of rum. Now I'm able to enjoy Diet Coke and other sparkling non-alcoholic beverages especially SodaStream.
Brilliant! Thanks for sharing
I missed when you came into the chat but I hope to see you around there again. I have experience with the whole kombucha thing. Some of us are more sensitive to the effects than others and it can increase cravings. Hang in there! This too shall pass. 
