-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3m50yj/did_you_post_today/

I just want to drop a quick note of gratitude to everyone who has posted on SD today. I've only been hanging out here for a little over a month and since day one the posts have been helpful to me. However I just have to say that today in particular your contributions to the community have been outstanding. So many of you have spoken about the positive aspects of sobriety(which is pretty much everything) your sober victories your milestones your revelations the things you DON'T miss about drinking etc... It has been so uplifting for me. And even those who have posted about your fears struggles and obstacles today the comments have been full of support without judgement or shame...I have to repeat that I find this to be the natural state of SD. Today has merely been particularly encouraging for me...So thank you. All of you. And please keep posting. And if you're lurking think about plopping a post down on here. I know that I read every post every day and I know many others here do too. ..You guys have become my favorite place on the internet.
----------immediate responses--------

U definitely said what I feel everyday when I come here and read thru posts. It's speaks to the true me. There is a quote that says we have three faces--the face we show the outside world the face we show those close to us and the third face that only we know and is the true us. This place gives the true me a place to be. Thanks for posting this I need new shoes too.
I truly believe we get what we give.  And this sub in particular has as much to offer to anyone as they have to offer to it.  I made this account 16 days ago unsubbed from all the defaults subbed to just this and this is where I go when I need a sanity check a few words of wisdom or a breath of fresh air.  I know that this sub is keeping ME sober and I want to try to be as warm encouraging and welcoming as everyone else has been to me.  Congrats on your one month!
Oh I'm feeling warm mushy feelings reading your post.. it's oozing out of me. Stop that! ..
GIANT GROUP HUG
Awww...just awwww...I feel the same. I don't post much but I read much of it and try to comment and show support. This sub definitely is part of my sobriety plan in action. 
[removed]
This sub has been invaluable to my sobriety (it is my AA) so I try and return the favour with words of encouragement when I can...It is amazing how non-Reddit like this sub is and how true people come together to help each other.
