-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3m73zv/day_3/

Hi I've been following this sub for the last month as I've been building up to finally quitting. I've tried AA a couple times before and always did very well for a few months until I stopped enjoying meetings and would eventually stop going to meetings inevitably relapsing into drinking behaviour that was way scarier than before. I essentially hit the point in the last two weeks where I realized it was going to eventually kill me if I didn't stop the path so after a rough first day I went to the hospital yesterday for help. I have an appointment with an addictions specialist tomorrow to go over treatment options and am optimistic about taking a scientific approach to beating this. I also have a history of depression and some pretty significant self-hatred issues that play a big role in my alcoholism that I want to address as well...In a lot of ways I'm extremely lucky. I'm still young I work a freelance job where with the exception of blowing off work occasionally my drinking never really interfered with it and I have amazing parents who have seen me struggle with this for years. They want nothing more than to help me recover and are willing to anything to make it a reality...I'm grateful to have found this community and look forward to continuing correspondence within it. I'm also going to try AA again however I find that I have big issues with the spiritual component of it having been raised an atheist. It gets hard to stomach people telling you "God will fix you" repeatedly when you don't believe which leads me to go back out the three times I've tried already. So maybe this time I can approach it with the attitude of medical science being my higher power...Anyway sorry to ramble my my brain is still a little fried from lack of sleep. I hope everyone gets through the day and I'm looking forward to helping each other.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome..Any time I find myself struggling I come on here and read a few post.  It stops me kidding myself on that the rule don't apply to me...  they do..Best of luck 
[removed]
As a fellow atheist in AA I let the God word wash past me like water off a ducks back. I tend to think of the collective knowledge of all those alcoholics that have gone before me as a higher power....Good Orderly Direction yadda yadda.... I hope you can keep looking past the God word (it can be very annoying if you let it). The program is there to work for YOU you can modify it to fit in with your beliefs.
Welcome /u/LittleHits to the lifeboat.  Why don't you start [making the Daily Check-in part of your routine.  It helps](http://is.gd/afsucks) me stay on track.
