-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3m7qki/checking_in_and_needing_backup/

First over 200 days! Not bad! It's much farther than I  thought I would ever make. ...This is only the second time I've posted in this sub but I visit it often. It's been my source of advice all this time. ...Now to the point: I had a friend pass away last week. A military friend I know it's part of the job but I'm just starting out and I'm struggling with it.  This is the first death I've had to deal with while sober... His funeral is today and I know when I go there it will be  like a reunion with the people I graduated college with and some of my other military friends. I know that they will want to drink afterward. If there is anything both recently graduated college students and military members are good at it's drinking (and I'm both). ..I obviously have a few options (not go with them go with them and not drink or go with them and drink) but I don't know if I'll be strong enough to deal with that situation. My cravings have subsided overall but the last few days have been rough. In the past drinking was how I would deal with the feeling of loss and grief and now I'm not sure what to do or how to handle it. I also know the bar is where we would all sit together and recall stories  of crazy or funny things he did and that might help with getting some sort of "closure" in a sense.  I probably won't go with them just to avoid the issue. ..Thank you in advance for any input or advice you have here. I hope you all have a great day. ..Update: The funeral was tough. But I didn't drink. I read your comments and ultimately went into the situation with the determination to just not go to the bar. To my surprise no one wanted to go drink after. We sat outside and laughed together and cried together. Grieved together. I felt things and didn't drown the emotions in booze. That was a huge step for me. I know it is still going to be difficult. I know I'm still going to miss him. But I didn't drink today I lived. And that's what he would have wanted. Thank you all for the kind words and advice.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you posted; and my sincere condolences.  Words don't make it easier unless those words are yours and you are sharing your pain.  Thank you and bless him and his friends and family.
This is tough and you do not have to drink.  A line like "if I drink I'll be right behind him." should keep them at bay.  and yeah stay out of bars this will eliminate some time with at least some of the people but you're right it's not the place you should be.  With any luck one or more of them will be looking for a way to get out of the maudlin mess they will make of themselves and will go to dinner or something instead.
What would your friend want you to do?
I'm so very sorry about your friend. My condolences. 
My absolute condolences to you your friends and your family. Like others have said there are no words that are going to make any of this easier for you. The silver lining I see is that you obviously care about this person and I'm sure he cared about you as well. And if that's true the last thing he would ever want is for you to start going backwards in your life because of him. I would bet that if he were here even if he were that guy who always promoted a drink in both revelry and in loss he would want you to just keep moving forward. I imagine that moving backwards in my life and justifying it by the loss of a dear friend is a selfish injustice to their memory.   But that's just how I deal with it. Whatever you believe and however you want to remember this person is your prerogative but I am sure he would want you to celebrate the time he was here by living your life to its maximum potential. 
Condolences. I drank my way through mourning a parent and I can't say that it did any good. Maybe you have a mutual friend going to the funeral who is in a similar position as you who is committed to staying sober that you can go with... or latch onto.  Best of luck and take care!
My most sincere condolences. Sadly this is your first death as a sober person but if you take this as an opportunity to really truly mourn in a sound mind and body it may provide you the strength and insight to find closure within yourself instead of a pub. Just my humble perspective. I wish you nothing but the best and thank you for posting.
