-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3m8vqd/need_weekend_activity_ideas_besides_drinking_23/

Hi all! This is my first post on here so I suppose I should start with my backstory...I am a 23 year old college girl. In high school I dealt with pretty rough depression and somewhere along the line the depression began to fade into almost crippling anxiety. I was prescribed an SSRI for the anxiety and all seemed fine for awhile. ..This past May my father did something fairly awful that for the sake of this post really doesn't need to be touched on but it really fucked me up in the head. I found out the day before a big final and instantly closed my textbook and picked up the bottle. I had always used alcohol as a way of self medicating but it was always fairly under control until this summer. ..That night I was fine. I got really drunk but I was under control. Soon after I was drinking with my boyfriend and completely lost it. I only had two beers but I blacked out and lost control of myself emotionally and physically. Apparently I said some really REALLY awful things to him that I would never even think or imagine saying to anyone sober especially the person I care about the most in the world. I woke up barely remembering even getting into a fight with him and being confused as to why he was upset with me. He accepted my apology and forgave me as best he could ... until it happened again...I had about five blackouts total this summer but like the blackouts weren't like a normal drinking blackout. It was like I totally lost control and turned into this monster that did and said things that I would NEVER NEVER even think to consciously do. I didn't even believe people at first that I could turn into this kind of person while drinking. This really fucked me up and had me thinking I was this awful person and just never realized it and all of these other thoughts. ..I went to my doctor but both her and I thought that my medication needed to be upped. The blackouts got worse. Eventually we realized that the SSRI I was on for anxiety was triggering these blackouts even after as little as two drinks. By the point we realized what was going on I was a mess. My relationship was in shambles. I was suicidal. My entire family thought I was losing my mind (which I kind of was). After my last blackout on August 30th I gave up alcohol for good (along with switching my medication)...Since I stopped drinking I was able to fix my relationship and get my life back on track. All of this being said since I'm of college age I've been struggling to find things to do on the weekend that don't involve alcohol. My boyfriend is a typical Irish boy so he very much enjoys his beer and whiskey which is totally fine - after seeing what alcohol did to me I know I'm not in a safe place to drink and am honestly not tempted when he drinks in front of me. We're trying to figure everything out and find new activities though that don't involve alcohol. Especially weekend nights! ..Any suggestions from those who have been in my shoes? 
----------immediate responses--------

There's an [FAQ](http://is.gd/sdfaq) that is filled with ideas there is also a [Live Chat where the cool kids hang out and talk in some sort of millennial slang that I barely comprehend](http://is.gd/rsdirc) but I like to drop in every once and awhile to let them feel weirded out in a good way.  You can pop in there anytime and ask what's up or ask for suggestions.  
I have really but exercise at the forefront of my recovery. If I am not at a meeting work or my outpatient program I am either surfing at the beach hiking running biking or swimming. I was somewhat active when I was drinking but since I stopped my interest and energy in working out has risen big time. ..As for the nightly activities I would suggest dinners movies AA meetings (but those would probably done sans your boyfriend) and any free events in your area. 
Long walks for when you have time to kill and don't want to sweat. Works for me every time. Good luck!
I had (and still regularly have) fantastic parties at my house...no alcohol allowed but tons of delicious food (everyone brought their favorite snack to share) and some of the most hilarious games of Cards Against Humanity ever.  .
Drive-in movie theater? We have one nearby and we basically bring a picnic to the movies.
