-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3m9vt5/its_amazing_to_find_out_how_much_my_drinking/

   I've been pretty quiet about quitting drinking but my wife obviously knows.   We haven't really talked about it much but she's been quietly supportive respecting my privacy..   Tonight I shared a little personal victory with her.  My business partner and I were working together and went out to lunch today.  We've known each other for years and share a love of beer.  Today I let him know that I was not drinking.  He was impressed.  No more was mentioned and we had a great lunch with me staying sober..    After telling her she casually asked "How long has it been."  I casually answered "August 9th".  She kissed me looked me in the eye and said "You're much easier to get along with.".    Understated but I really got at that moment how the ripples in the pond of life from my drinking effected way more than just little ol' me..     Kudos to everyone here.  Remember no matter how long you've drunk no matter how many relapses you may have had you're here now and you are making more of a difference than you can imagine for those around you even if you stay sober for just one day.  Keep making a difference. You know it's worth it or you wouldn't be here.  If nothing else make that difference tonight and tomorrow.  Have a great one fellow sobernauts and thank you for being here and supporting me and all the others who need you.
----------immediate responses--------

Well said u/thebestmeicanbe...by helping ourselves we also make life easier/better for those we love and respect!
Thank you for sharing your story. Sometimes the shame of what you do to others by indulging your habit can work against you a negative cycle in my experience. Thanks for sharing your positivity and success it's a huge help. Keep up the good work and we can all grow together. 
So happy for you. We can self respect in our treatment of others as well as ourselves. Happy Sobernauting!
