-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3mco7r/a_couple_of_recent_topics/

Over the past couple of days some topics were brought up in AA discussion that really resonated with me and my personal recovery. The first topic was brought up at a Wednesday night meeting. The speaker chose "when do you know when enough is enough?" ..I really liked this topic because I find that a lot of people who tell their stories always mention their "rock bottom". These tend to involve loss of money relationships deaths of loved ones etc. Though I have experienced many losses throughout my alcoholism I find that I don't like to pinpoint exactly what my "rock bottom" is because I don't know just what it is and when it happened. When I think about when "enough is enough" was for me I like to think of it as telling myself to just quit digging. I could have dug my alcoholic hole all the way to China if I wanted to. I just knew through an exponential progress of alcoholism and relapse that I finally needed to retire from my fight and war with alcohol. I like to say retire because it gives me a since that post-retirement I am able to live a more fulfilling meaningful healthy and FUN life. I like to think about how we can all use the 12 steps to hep us get out of our hole. And once we are finally out of that hole we need to make sure to fill it back up and not just cover it up with leaves and sticks like a trap. If we don't fill our hole with something solid we risk tripping and falling down that hole even harder. ..Another topic that was brought up occurred yesterday at a young people's meeting. The speaker chose how to cope with fear in sobriety. One gentleman spoke up and stated that he was a sailor. He said he always had a fear of sailing at night because you can't SEE everything around you. One night early in his sobriety he decided to overcome that fear by embarking on a route that he had sailed dozens of times but only during the day. He dropped his lines at 8PM and set out of the harbor while all of the other boats were coming in for the night. He talked about how being sober allowed him to be more aware of his surroundings and more in tune with himself and his higher power. He described the stars and the bio-luminescence trailing behind his boat. He described how he felt so small and how that was ok because he was sober and connected to his god as he understood him. His words were very inspiring. I didn't want to go to a meeting last night but I am really glad I did. ..Happy Friday SD!..
----------immediate responses--------

My rock bottom was when I came *too* close to destroying everything I had built and suddenly asked in terror "What the hell am I doing?!?"  That is when I started quitting...The second part of your post gave me the chills. Imagining how the sailor felt so finite in such a unfamiliar and infinite place and at peace.  Thank you for this post. 
I always struggled with the idea of calling myself an alcoholic because I'd never hit "rock bottom."  Then someone explained the idea of high bottom vs. low bottom.  I know I haven't dug as low as I could and I'm quitting now before I do.  Like you I'm trying to retire from my fight and fill my (shallow) hole back in.
Both topics address exactly one issue: Why I choose to be sober?..There were the negative consequences we metaphorically call "rock bottom'" and then there are the positive sober values--the path to our full potential and authentic self.  ..Lots of wisdom in connecting these two my friend.
People get this idea in their head that "rock bottom" involves the loss of family or material things. "Rock bottoms" vary with the individual. Whatever state of mind that gets us here is our rock bottom. ..In my case there was no loss of material things. I lost all emotion ambition and sense of self. I no longer knew who I was anymore. My many friendships had all slowly crumbled away and I was slowly pushing myself further from my family out of internalized feelings of guilt and shame. ..I reached such a profound state of emptiness that there was nothing left. There was a massive void inside me and this void made room for something bigger than myself to fill my life and give me back what I had lost.
