-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3md0yz/this_latest_relapsethere_was_none_of_the_old_good/

So I relapsed on Tuesday and Wednesday the first day I had 400ml whiskey and two beers then Wednesday I had about 600ml Whiskey and a beer or two. ..Usually when I relapse or drank in the past there's at least some good feelings and enjoying being drunk that go with drinking then the bad shit follows like hangovers dumb posts on facebook and not getting what I need to get done the next day because I'm so hungover...But this time there were no feelings good or bad. I sat and I drank and there was no response to it other than I got sloppy and starting playing video games shittly and then passed the fuck out earlier than normal...Any experience with this? Where the booze just stopped working?
----------immediate responses--------

I lost the magic too. Being aware that I'm hurting myself just made it less fun. I kept scratching the itch for another year or so and finally just had to let that dream go. 
Welcome back /u/SirLetssDance --but can I point out something?  I did this too so it's not just you and I notice it among alot of our returning from relapse sobernauts--it matters not at all how much you drank or what you drank.  When I relapsed after 15 years sober it only mattered that I drank.  I suspect that we somehow think that what we drank and the quantities have bearing on whether a relapse is a relapse. It's a relapse.  The more important issue is whether I doggedly persist in my decision not to drink TODAY.  My sustained time sober will eventually make the details of my relapse meaningless other than the fact of it.  Good luck to you.
I had a bit of that too towards the end. My last time drinking in particular is a bit like that. I had a couple of beers with a friend which were good then he went home and I was buzzed. I had this 'meh' attitude about drinking but I still went and got a six pack and two 750ml of fancy beer. Around three I was getting tired and that made me frustrated since I wasn't having that 'euphoric' feeling  so I basically worked to get pumped again to keep drinking and bought more beer... at three damn am. I made it till like seven depressed by that time and crying over some random shit. Yeah man were those glamorous times... 
