-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3mjiez/the_parable_of_the_trapeze_for_anyone_struggling/

Sometimes I feel that my life is a series of trapeze swings. I'm either hanging on to a trapeze bar swinging along or for a few moments in my life I'm hurtling across space in between trapeze bars....Most of the time I spend my life hanging on for dear life to my trapeze-bar-of-the-moment. It carries me along at a certain steady rate of swing and I have the feeling that I'm in control of my life....I know most of the right questions and even some of the answers....But every once in a while as I'm merrily (or even not-so-merrily) swinging along I look out ahead of me into the distance and what do I see? I see another trapeze bar swinging toward me. It's empty and I know in that place in me that knows that this new trapeze bar has my name on it. It is my next step my growth my aliveness coming to get me. In my heart of hearts I know that for me to grow I must release my grip on this present well-known bar and move to the new one....Each time it happens to me I hope (no I pray) that I won't have to let go of my old bar completely before I grab the new one. But in my knowing place I know that I must totally release my grasp on my old bar and for some moment in time I must hurtle across space before I can grab onto the new bar....Each time I am filled with terror. It doesn't matter that in all my previous hurtles across the void of unknowing I have always made it. I am each time afraid that I will miss that I will be crushed on unseen rocks in the bottomless chasm between bars. I do it anyway. Perhaps this is the essence of what the mystics call the faith experience. No guarantees no net no insurance policy but you do it anyway because somehow to keep hanging on to that old bar is no longer on the list of alternatives. So for an eternity that can last a microsecond or a thousand lifetimes I soar across the dark void of "the past is gone the future is not yet here."...It's called "transition." I have come to believe that this transition is the only place that real change occurs. I mean real change not the pseudo-change that only lasts until the next time my old buttons get punched....I have noticed that in our culture this transition zone is looked upon as a "no-thing" a noplace between places. Sure the old trapeze bar was real and that new one coming toward me I hope that's real too. But the void in between? Is that just a scary confusing disorienting nowhere that must be gotten through as fast and as unconsciously as possible?...NO! What a wasted opportunity that would be. I have a sneaking suspicion that the transition zone is the only real thing and the bars are illusions we dream up to avoid the void where the real change the real growth occurs for us. Whether or not my hunch is true it remains that the transition zones in our lives are incredibly rich places. They should be honored even savored. Yes with all the pain and fear and feelings of being out of control that can (but not necessarily) accompany transitions they are still the most alive most growth-filled passionate expansive moments in our lives....We cannot discover new oceans unless we have the courage to lose sight of the shore...-By Danaan Parry
----------immediate responses--------

Fuck that old bar! It was about to snap anyway...I love this so much. So relevant.
"A ship is safe in harbour but that is not what ships are built for" (John A. Shedd)
Ah there are no words for how much I love this!
That was very cool. 
This really helped me today thank you.
