-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ml9i6/three_weeks_sober_made_a_symbolic_statement_to/

This is not the first time I have been sober for this long but for most of the last two years or so I have been drinking excessive amounts alone every night. The effects of this on my body and mind have been disastrous. Alcohol has made me fat poor and depressed- the only way to block out this uncomfortable realisation was as you know with more booze. I opted to give up on the first of this month lapsed moderately a few days later but haven't touched a drop since the 6th. .Today a housemate was moving out to move back to her home country and she gave me some things that she didn't want/need/couldn't fit in her suitcase such as a fan-heater thing some washing powder etc. She also offered me a 70cl bottle of Vladivar vodka about 3/4 full [she knows nothing about my struggles with alcohol]. She said she would be throwing it away if I didn't want it and as the other members of the house are all Muslim they would not want it either. Isn't it strange how the universe seems to work sometimes? To my recollection I have never been offered booze in this kind of context before but now I was three weeks dry "here take this vodka or it's going in the bin!" I said no thank you and suggested she leave it in the empty wardrobe as a nice surprise for whoever was to move into her room..After she left for the airport I went and took the bottle to the bathroom sniffed the unholy fumes and then poured that shit down the toilet where it belongs pissed on it and then flushed it away..This is by no means the first time I have tried to stay sober. Every time in the past was going to be THE time that it worked but obviously it wasn't. However the ease with which I feel I passed this test suggests to me that this time genuinely is different. I could have so easily taken it to my room and downed the lot. But I did not. I feel some survival mechanism has taken over- drink had lead me to such a deep depression I was planning on taking my own life just a month or so ago. But I think that today I crossed a threshold came through my own Battle of El Alamein in my war against alcohol: "this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is perhaps the end of the beginning."
----------immediate responses--------

Well done! And I like that quote.
Huge step here /u/SCROTAL_WAR!
The first 3 weeks are the hardest!!  Keep it up!
