-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3mnd5z/finally_made_it_1_week/

And I've never felt so good!  My bloat has already gone down significantly and I look and feel healthier.  Some of the alcoholic "fog" has lifted and I feel sharper mentally than I was.  There is nothing better in the entire world than waking up without a hangover!..I've given up drinking many times before and always relapsed.  Last time I quit (before I relapsed) I made it only 4 days after stopping cold turkey after a 6-8 oz/night liquor habit.  Last time the withdrawal was terrible.  The night terrors drove me back to drinking particularly the "shadow people" hallucinations at night and the terrible nightmares.  Since that experience I had moved away from liquor and started drinking beer instead.  Although the overall quantity of alcohol never went down - when I quit a week ago I was drinking about a six pack per night (less some days but never zero) - quitting beer did not cause the same withdrawals as  quitting liquor.  I have been taking melatonin every other day or so to help with sleeping and I have been sleeping much better.  ..It shouldn't make a difference but giving up beer was easier for me than giving up liquor last time I quit.  When I was drinking liquor it was almost exclusively gin and tonics with lime.  After I quit I tried to drink virgin tonic water with lime but it just triggered cravings.  After switching to beer and quitting again I have found that I can replace the beer with virgin tonic water or sparkling water and not experience the same triggers so far.  Also when I switched to beer I kept my drinking to beer that I generally didn't love the taste of all that much (Rolling Rock and Miller Lite) so giving it up was easier than I think...I should add that I have been drinking for about 15 years but only really heavy for the last 3-4.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on one week!
Congratulations!!..&gt; There is nothing better in the entire world than waking up without a hangover!..Wait some 6 more weeks...  it just gets better
Congrats on your one week.  Wishing you all the best and stay strong.
That's an amazing victory congratulations! May you keep celebrating days on days on months on years on decades on centuries of sobriety! 
