-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3mx4mn/relapse_ughgot_caught/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Not a meaningless post at all.  All the feelings you are feeling are the same for me. ..I can especially relate to your close call comments crisis averted.  I have said that so many times.  I have been lucky so many times but this last bender proved me wrong.  I knew that one day my boozing it up like it was just a cup of coffee would screw me over and it did...I finally ticked someone off.  Feeling very guilty regretting every second and cant take it back.  So like Scarlett said "tomorrow is another day"..I followed your "not boring" post and just wanted you to know u r not alone. I am no one to give advise as i haven't been sober long enough.  I think i did it for almost 2 weeks.  But you can do this and we are all here to help each other.  Good luck to you and i will say a prayer for you.
Definitely not meaningless to put honesty with self into words you can see and reflect on. I worry about this happening to me in the future. You're definitely not alone and you seem to be back on track again. It sounds like some more community support might reinforce your commitment as well as remind you why you're choosing not to drink. Hang in!
[removed]
&gt; I haven't been drinking for about a year-minus a couple one day slips.."Couple" means two. FYI.  ..I have not had a craving in years.  If I had a drink tonight I would spend the next month or more battling cravings. An astute reader would know in an instant that I wasn't being completely forthcoming.  
So are you going back to this faux sobriety thing you had been doing in the past?
In the last couple days someone here said that of the great majority that go back to drinking after some sober time few make it back.  I believe that and find it chilling.  I don't want to risk my life going back to what it was so I don't deliberately entertain the thought of alcohol ever.  Do what it takes - meetings etc. - to back off now because it sure sounds like you're playing with fire right now and frankly it's a little scary to read.  
Good luck to you. For me it's all or nothing. I can't sneak a drink it would blow everything. I would begin to rationalize that I could moderate my drinking which I cannot eventually it all goes down the crapper..Again good luck to you.
