-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3mz7kz/felt_good_about_things_until_i_was_told_im_not/

I really struggle with AA but I go to a meeting once a week I have a sponsor and I've been working the steps with her. Our time together has been useful   she's encouraged me to rewrite the Big Book language until it's meaningful to me and my lack of a higher power which I appreciate   and I've been feeling good about my overall sobriety practice which includes exercise diet volunteering and other activities that help me feel positive and connected. I acknowledge I don't prioritize AA in my life but I do include it. ..This week my sponsor said she wasn't sure if she should continue sponsoring me any more unless I go to more meetings each week. She cited her belief that those who aren't strongly involved in the program are more likely to relapse. ..I'm not sure how many meetings per week is the magic you're-doing-it-right number but I'm sad about what seems like an ultimatum. I've been proud of my progress but after our conversation I was left feeling uncertain and ashamed (rejection! My worst fear!) and just plain bummed...So I guess I either need to do what she's asking or decide I'm okay with the level of commitment I currently have to AA   and say goodbye to her if that's the result. (  Right?).
----------immediate responses--------

It's your sobriety - it's your commitment - you need to do what's right for you...That said after rehab in order to enroll in aftercare I had to promise to attend 3 meetings a week for a full year I could include online meetings for 2 of them the 3rd had to be in person.  I also had to get a sponsor with more than 3 years clean/sober time and follow their instructions...4 years out and I attend at least one meeting a week more if something is stressful or I'm craving.  The last time I cut AA / NA out of my life I relapsed hard for years.....
She has helped you get to this point. I would listen to her.
it couldn't hurt to go to another meeting could it? I enjoy trying different meetings getting different perspectives from different people. When I think about how much time I spent drinking I know I can make time for meetings...But yes it's up to you. Don't let this make you feel bad about your sobriety. It's your recovery and you're doing really well!
I don't know how things have gone for you but you have about 7 months. Maybe you know what's good for you and what isn't. ..Switching sponsors isn't the end of the world...I think it's a little sinister that they are implying that you'll relapse if you don't become more involved. This might be one of the reasons that the whole "AA is a cult" perception is out there...I don't know where they're getting the "those not strongly involved more likely to relapse". Seems like something you could argue either way depending on how you interpret it.
Personally I would keep doing what you feel is working for you...The implication here really rubs me the wrong way:..&gt; She cited her belief that those who aren't strongly involved in the program are more likely to relapse.  ..She's basically saying you'll relapse if you don't do what she says. I wouldn't want that kind of person as my sponsor.
I think sometimes people get a bit too zealous and then things turn a bit cult-like...I've even found that here. Someone encouraged me to attend a meeting and then I laid out why I said I didn't think meetings would be a good fit for me. And then the person kept at it...I get it. People find something that works for them and they want everyone that needs help to get as much help as they have received. However everyone's circumstance is different and maybe going to meetings isn't what's best. I've ended up confiding in my wife and will sometimes say "I'm going to go to the booze store." And all she'll say "No." And then I don't go (I'm usually joking about it). She's become my accountability partner. I don't feel a need to join AA...And judging from some of the posts on here I think that's the right choice for me. Want to know what's more important than going to meetings? Not drinking is more important than not going to meetings...
What we "need" can vary and to some extent depends on our lifestyle.  As a rule of thumb if we are not struggling with drinking and making progress on the issues/reasons that made us drink the way we did - then one may be enough but staying home to watch some netflix looking longingly when they drink wine on screen an anger level these might be signs.....There is a saying "you have to go to meetings until you want to go to meetings."  I still go to 3 meetings a week because I like the meetings have people I look forward to seeing/hearing and because it keeps me grounded and moving forward on my recovery...When I was commuting 4 hrs a day I did not make weekday meetings other than the odd lunchtime meeting when the need arose.  Retired now I could go to more but have other things going on in my life (which I should get to now)
Since you've had a good relationship why not take the suggestion and see what happens? Give it 30 days. If the sponsor-sponsee relationship deteriorates then yeah get a new sponsor. If your program is strengthened then great. In my personal opinion 1 meeting a week is light. Definitely not the schedule I'm on and just from hearing from people in my area 3-5 meetings a week is normal after 90 in 90. I did 90 in 90 and still do daily unless I have two work shifts in the same day. I do two a day a few days a week also because I love a daily early morning meeting and then have my regular night meetings to hit up also. It ends up being between 10 and 14 a week. It's one of the reasons my sponsor took me on because I make AA #1 -- he's told me that...I think if you want to do a single meeting a week finding a sponsor who is only doing one a week might help you both be on the same page? My sponsor does dailies he expects me to do a roughly daily meeting also. Common sense.
Your sponsor sounds a little controlling to me. If she was genuinely concerned about your sobriety I would expect her to express her concerns and help you work towards a solution not give you ultimatums.
follow your gut. you seem stable not *about to relapse*...
I've only gone to 4 AA meetings in 551 days and I haven't relapsed. Do what feels right for you.
[removed]
How do you think you are doing?  .The most important quality in recovery is honesty with yourself and others. So are you honest with yourself?  Can you be? .A person needs a good foundation in AA no doubt.  But what you wrote is true: there is no magic meeting number.  There is no one-size-fits-all recovery model. .Sponsors encourage what worked for them which they learned from their sponsor and from their own experience.  But I'll tell you- there are many right paths to recovery.  .The important thing for you for me for anyone is honesty with self and others.  No matter how many 24 hours we have in; you have to be honest with yourself.  If your recovery plan is honestly working for you go with it.  ....
I'm not a fan of "I can't sponsor you unless" part but she might be right that you could use a few more meetings. ..Sponsors are humans and I really abhor the idolization of them. They are there to help me and share their experience not to plan my life for me. 
I agree with Raevie. ..To me there's a big difference between a sponsor saying "you've been doing X Y and Z and I am concerned and feel it'd be a good idea if you make more meetings" and "If you don't make more meetings because I say so you're going to relapse."..This behavior comes off as controlling to me. If she has concerns IMO she needs to voice and deal with those not deliver ultimatums with the explanation of "because I say so."..This may be a good time to cut her loose and start seeking out a new sponsor IMO. Good luck!
I'm a little disturbed by how the voting is going in this thread.  It seems that every comment that doesn't say yeah she sucks is being downvoted.  If you came here to have the decision you've already made validated congrats.  If you've come here to hear perspectives and make a decision I think we've failed you....Fact: she knows you better than any of us do. She has information that none of us have.   She may see warning signs that none of us see. ..Fact: The ultimatum has nothing to do with you. She knows how she got sober and quite understandably wants to work with people who do this thing in the way she knows to do it. I wouldn't waste my time trying to help someone who discounted my advice. That's not to say that there are no other ways. If someone insists on doing things in a way I know nothing about we're not a good match. Others are acting like she owes you something. She isn't a public utility...I can't even tell you how many thousands of people here have struggled with a problem for months or years while shrugging off all advice they don't agree with. Like the guy who insists on hanging around bars but posts every Sunday to say he relapsed again and is going to try harder but won't stop going to bars because that's not his problem. OK bud maybe it's not but if it's not I don't have any idea what your problem is and have nothing useful to say. I check out of those convos pretty quickly and try to tag the person so I know to not spend time on them in the future. I hope they find their way but my time is better spent elsewhere...One more.  Fact:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XG5GOH2CO1k
If you aren't drinking. You are doing well. If she is worried about her track record the that's not too cool. Just don't drink. And not for her. But for you. You are worthy of your love.  
[removed]
