-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3n564z/light_at_the_end_of_the_tunnel_hopefully/

Hi everyone. Longtime lurker first time poster. I know that I've been struggling with alcohol for as long as I can remember. When I was 12 my mom put a bottle of wine in my hand for my friends and I to "enjoy". ..I'm a recent grad student that has been unemployed since May. I knew going into this summer it would be hard. When I graduated my undergrad in 2012 I was depressed lonely and bored to death. I knew this summer would be the same... I hoped not... but I knew. Being alone everyday in my home with nowhere to go not wanting to spend money and searching for jobs has become a hell for me. I've been applying for over 10 jobs a week since I graduated. I finally found a job and start on Monday! I can't wait to become busy!!..I realize that this forum has been talking about being "bored" but that's a thing! There is only so much painting writing reading TV watching walking exercising crafting gardening cooking baking cleaning and leisure time one can do. At least for me I'm a chemist and time off=boredom. I can't get my intellectual stimulation from home anymore so I drink... /sigh. I find value in work and contributing to the household financially. ..I want to thank everyone for their posts comments and advice... I can't wait until I start work so I can work on being sober again. Well sober for more than a day in a row. I see the light at the end of the tunnel and it's sweet and I'm happy but it's a dark Thursday. Thank you for letting me vent. Best. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on the new job! That's really great!..I have a few problems with this bit though:..&gt;I can't get my intellectual stimulation from home anymore so I drink ..I do know what you mean but only to a point. I'm told that heroin is another thing that you can do when you're bored but that doesn't make it a good idea...It can be hard to fill hours for sure and depression is a hell of a thing to deal with. But I've yet to find a situation that is made actually better with alcohol...It's something I've struggled with too but I don't think it's a good idea to equate being bored with needing a drink. That sounds like an excuse that could be used in any number of dangerous ways. ..End rant. Seriously though congrats on the new job!
What prompted you to come out of the shadows today? 
&gt;I can't wait until I start work so I can work on being sober again. ..That's great. But there's no need to wait.  You can work on being sober in any situation.  Congrats on the job!
&gt;There is only so much painting writing reading TV watching walking exercising crafting gardening cooking baking cleaning and leisure time one can do...Are you sure it is boredom and not loneliness? I love my intellectual stimulation I get from work but I also need my human contact. It's what really gives meaning and satisfaction to my life. Just a thought...
