-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3nbphd/yearly_checkin/

The other day I went through all my old submissions and the comments under them...As time flies we tend to forget a lot of things. I got so lucky with my sobriety that I forgot how difficult it was in the beginning. The daily struggle my need to rant etc. When I look back I just feel that getting sober was much easier than I had expected - and I am very very grateful for that...For the last 11 months I've lived in a household where there's alcohol. If I wanted to I could get up right now walk 10 feet and grab a beer. I don't ever remotely consider it. That's how lucky I am...There was just one situation in the last 12 months that was somewhat difficult. In retrospect it's pretty funny because I was warned by someone on this sub that I should avoid situations without an escape plan. I didn't remember. I was forced to be the only sober person among ~15 drunk people for ~9 hours and I couldn't get away from them. It was incredibly boring and I knew that I could be having fun if I wasn't an alcoholic. Live and learn...Anyway 2 years. I doubt anybody aside from /u/pollyannapusher remembers me but that's fine. I remember that I owe this sub everything good in my life and I will never forget that...I don't actively participate anymore (as explained in my last submission 1 year ago) but you will always have my gratitude (and I will never stop namedropping /r/stopdrinking in other subs from my main account whenever appropriate)...Lots of love..almost_functional (who is completely functional now)
----------immediate responses--------

I remember you /u/almost_functional and I congratulate you on 2 years!  I hope you will drop in from time to time just to do what you did here.  
Ha! I rarely come on here anymore (well not as infrequent as you) and low and behold I do and here you are AF. ..Congrats on your two years. We are just getting into the swing of life it feels like doesn't it? :-)..I too live in a household with booze and I am not tempted. Watching many of those around me suffer for their drinking though? I'm figuring out how to separate myself from that sadness.  But that's for another post...I know this is a celebratory post but this popped out at me:..&gt;..... was incredibly boring and I knew that I could be having fun if I wasn't an alcoholic...I'm confused. You say that it was incredibly boring but yet you still think what they were doing for those 9 hours was fun? I say you could have been having fun as an alcoholic anywhere else besides with some people who had to manufacture their fun inside of a bottle. Just my two pennies on what I read but maybe I read it wrong. ..Yay for fully functioning as a human being!! I'm so glad to see you are. Be well my friend. ((Hugs))....
Congrats.  Keep doing. Come back more often if only to promote exit planning.
Hi AF. Thanks for stopping back in. This place has a lot of people that have gained  so much and it's nice to see a "graduate" still doing well :)
Congratulations. I hope you come back from time to time just to give others uplifting posts like this one.  That would be nice for people to see.  You would likely help someone in the place you were at two years ago when you posted.  
