-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3nlshw/for_those_of_you_who_had_long_term_sobriety_and/

Thought this would be useful for myself and for others to know what to watch out for. ..edit:I think most of us are familiar with the "I stopped going to meetings" reason (I hear it all the time in AA). I'm more curious as to WHY you stopped going to meetings as well as those who aren't a part of AA. 
----------immediate responses--------

Almost every relapse story I have heard begins with "...and then I stopped going to meetings because I thought I didn't need them anymore".
This is [my "Saturday Share" and as /u/HardTacoKit suggests](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/25u6cc/saturday_share_im_coolcrosby_and_i_am_an_alcoholic/?ref=search_posts) it began with "and then I stopped going to AA meetings."
My close friend relapsed with about two years sober. He stopped going to meetings stopped calling me started fighting with his wife more and started lying again. He just got out of a 30 day treatment center and has moved out of the area. ..He is one of the lucky ones. I know of several people who died after relapsing.
I heard I stopped going to meetings because "I thought I had it licked" I got tired of the newcomers whining"I got caught up in the good things recovery brought me."..I heard these from people who had in some cases come close to death who had lost homes families jobs companies even...I ve been to funerals where I did not hear the reasons.
I relapsed after 2 years.  I felt like everything was going really well in my life - I was dating a nice guy I was doing well at my job I'd found fun activities that didn't involve drinking.  In retrospect I think what happened is that I got so caught up in feeling "normal" that I convinced myself I was.  Other people I knew could drink and be fine - and they had regular lives just like I'd found.  I "forgot" what I was like when I was drinking (really I just didn't want to remember).  ..It's an old story but I started to believe the alcoholic voice that said I could have just one drink.  I believed I'd reformed and I could moderate.  Somewhere along the way there yeah I stopped going to meetings.  Then came the day when I was out somewhere other people were drinking so I did too...The rest is easy to guess.  
I had close to 2 years under my belt... lost tons of weight became a great runner... and then had to have a hernia operation. I couldn't run the insane amounts I liked so hell why not have a beer or two well that's the way it started. 4 months of drinking in moderation and boom back to professional drunk. ..I never went to any meetings. I came on here quite a bit and hung out with non-drinkers started running and it was actually not so difficult. I don't know why its so hard this time around. Been back at drinking for about 3 years and really don't like it. Hope this stretch goes long like the last time around! I pretty much got frustrated and bored and was totally unprepared for a longer than expected down time from surgery. 
I have been attending AA for 32 years and have seen people relapse with 25 + years. ..The one thing in common with all of them is that they stopped going to meetings...
I didn't know nearly enough about recovery my first go around. I relapsed with a different drug. I guess I had to test the theory that I had to be sober from everything. It turns out drugs brought me to the exact same place as alcohol but potentially even worse for my mind. I was not the daily drinker alcoholic I was the binge drinker crazy alcoholic. But with pills I wanted one or four everyday by the end. ..Tragedies can facilitate relapses. It was part of mine. Numbing the pain of my dad taking his life which was so bad I still feel justified in numbing it.  ..And I echo others I feel much safer in my sobriety going to meetings. I don't even have a sponsor yet I just go. Whenever I go to a mtg no matter how nervous or unsure I feel about it I end up having a far better day. Even hours after the mtg has passed. Good things happen to me. Before I went to mtgs I was depressed and anxious all the time. It's a really good tool for me right now. 
