-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ntuij/finding_quitting_drinking_a_lot_easier_than_i/

Hello. Throw away because I feel uncomfortable putting all of this out there on my regular username at least for now. Like everyone here I've struggled with my relationship with alcohol for a long time. For many years I was in complete denial about how excessive my drinking was and how it was most often the root of all my problems.  .I have a pretty typical story: started drinking in college and while I partied pretty hard I was still able to get my shit done. My entire circle of friends were all big drinkers too so both those factors combined had me convinced throughout my college career that my binge drinking was completely normal. However after college especially following a particularly bad break-up binge drinking slowly began to evolve from a weekend practice into something that I would do regularly. I'm a pretty small girl and I'd be able to put down 6+ beers (and I'm not talking miller lites I'm talking high ABV beers - 2 hearted is my favorite and I believe that's around 7%) and a few shots and still appear to be functioning relatively normal to other people. My ridiculous tolerance is a testament to how much I was drinking. The weird thing is although I certainly developed a high tolerance it would sometimes turn out to be hit or miss. Sometimes I would appear and feel perfectly fine although definitely not sober. Other times that booze would hit me like a rock and I'd totally black out- and me blacking out is not pretty or so I've been told by friends and the shameful FB posts or text messages I read the next day. Oh I should also add several people in  my family have had issues with alcoholism.  .I've known for the past year or so that I needed to get serious about quitting drinking or at least cutting back (still obviously in denial at this point) because my drinking had gotten to a point where it was controlling my life and ruining my relationships ambitions and bank account.  .I decided in the spring to do a 30-day challenge. I made it 2 weeks -- and I was constantly wanting to go out and drink during that time. From then on out my drinking wasn't AS bad as it had been but it wasn't great either. I'd at least have 4-5 beers a day or a bottle (or two) of wine.  .My drinking got the worst it has ever been over the last few months. A combination of working in the service industry with fellow alcoholics and massive issues with depression and anxiety found me in a 3 month bender.  .Like many people can probably identify with I found it extremely difficult to escape the vicious cycle I had found myself in: drink excessively wake up feeling shitty anxiety hits drink to calm anxiety rinse & repeat.  .All while this bender was going on I WANTED to quit but I also didn't at the same time because alcohol was my crutch.  .Then this past Saturday as I was drinking beer at my house I got to about beer 4 and just thought "I don't even want this why am I drinking it?". I dumped the rest out and haven't drank since even though the remaining 2 beers of that 6 pack are still sitting in the fridge along with other alcoholic beverages my roommates keep (which I used to totally take if I didn't have any of my own).  .Since then I literally have had zero urge to drink. It's bizarre and I'm not sure what to think about it. The only time I think about drinking is when I don't know what to do with myself because my default "hobby" was always drinking -- I think about how much free time I have now and how much time and money I used to waste sitting around getting wasted and it just reinforces how much I don't want to be like that anymore. I was absolutely sure quitting especially off of a pretty intense bender would be more difficult than it has been so far.  .I also haven't experienced any negative withdrawal symptoms (I've definitely have had them before so I know what they feel like) except for a little bit of insomnia. But overall my head is clear and I feel increasingly better everyday - I even started exercising again to control any anxiety/depression bouts and it's worked fabulously. Which is good because it's a great motivator to stay sober! .As much as I am excited with this initial success and my apparent "flip-of-a-switch" mind set regarding alcohol I am also very wary. Maybe this is the easy part and I'm due for a rough patch soon? I don't want to be naive and think this is going to be a cakewalk just because the past few days have been - that's how you get caught back in the trap. Any insights or advice would be very much appreciated! 
----------immediate responses--------

Three days do not a sobriety make.  But it's a great start...Optimism is good but if you want to retain sobriety let it be a guarded one.  Thoughts like "I got this I'm cured" are usually followed with "I can handle one or two" and then it's off to the races.  If you have managed to catch this addiction before it has done damage on your health and psyche be grateful and don't squander it!  ..All the best...
There definitely is such a thing as the switch just flipping at the beginning of sobriety. It doesn't happen to everyone for sure but it happened to me too. My suggestion would be to not be complacent and don't put yourself in situations where there is a lot of alcohol around. While 3 days is awesome it's a blip in the grand scheme of things. Your brain may have switched but if it could do that isn't it plausible that it could switch in the other direction given different circumstances? ..Why not grab a badge and hang around here? See what others do and are experiencing. You may not be able to relate with some but I bet you have some solid support you could offer. :-)
What frumious said! ..In the last two years I've made 5 hearty attempts at sobriety (a couple months each) and several weaker ones that have lasted a few days to a week. Some of those lesser attempts were super easy. So much so that the thought that I maybe wasn't so bad off took the lead.  Or I thought I still had more control over this than I thought and that I still had more time to play with drinking. That mentality never went anywhere good...That being said my first quit ever was incredibly easy. I had read Allen Carr's book and I was **excited** to quit. I was shocked at the stark reality of alcohol that was so blatantly obvious and even felt a little stupid I hadn't come to those conclusions on my own. I had zero interest in drinking ever again. That momentum lasted about two months. Since that was *all* I did for my recovery I assumed I had a handle on it and when I started drinking again I was confident I wouldn't abuse it again. That was the beginning of many many lessons for me. Not one of my subsequent attempts went as smoothly. 
I'm in the exact same boat. Just kept drinking after college but time in the Peace Corps and then Grad school kind of kept me in a culture where it was normal to go out and get wasted with everyone else. I also loved two hearted haha. But I just started to realize that drinking was making everything in my life worse. I was constantly hungover constantly feeling a little embarrassed constantly having alcohol affect my relationships and professional life. Eventually I decided to stop. Made it about six months then kind of moderated then got really bad for a few months and then one day just decided I was actually done. I did a 30 day hot yoga challenge quit drinking my boyfriend and I broke up finally (it had not been a good relationship for a long time) and I finally started living my life more intentionally. The hardest part for me was just admitting that I had a problem. I went to an AA meeting told everyone what was happening cried got my "milestones" and never looked back. I went back to AA to get a one month chip and still carry it around in my wallet though I haven't been to another meeting. I think just admitting that I had a problem out loud made all the difference. It has been almost a year for me and I can honestly say I haven't once been tempted to drink. I don't know what will happen in the future but I just hit a point where I was so completely done with alcohol that there was no appeal anymore.
You're good to be wary.  That said I had a "flip of the switch" moment myself that led to my commitment.  I think sometimes we have just finally had enough and it doesn't take a full "rock bottom" moment to flip the mindset from feeling like you "should" stop (which IMHO always leads to relapse) to truly wanting to stop...In my experience it's this initial desire that gets the ball rolling.  And that holds you for a week or so.  After that it was really important for me to create a plan to keep the momentum so I joined a couple of groups started doing the daily check-in here and wrote down all of the reasons I did NOT want to start drinking again.  I would suggest that while you're feeling so strong and still so close to your last bender write down everything you hate about drinking how it makes you feel and put it somewhere you can access easily when/if an urge to drink arises.  Good luck and check in with us often! 
