-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3o07ee/back_to_the_futurei_finally_made_it_back/

Well I finally made it! 6 months...180 days. Some days I thought I'd never make it back to this point again! Back in the summer of 2013 (before I joined you fine folk on the good ship SD). I officially crossed into the 'who the hell am I?' territory. My kids saw me(I am ashamed to say this) at my lowest point...We were at a friends birthday BBQ I got obliterated to the point of passing out and when I woke was vomiting and defecating myself. My eldest daughter was scared and my other two couldn't understand what was wrong with Mummy. My friends got us home but I can only barely remember the journey. This was my catalyst for change. ..Enough was enough "I'll never drink again." I boldly claimed and at the time I truly meant it. The shock and shame of what had happened carried me through those first 6 months. Then xmas came. A big family holiday was booked and suddenly I was thinking "well look at me Mrs. Soberpants for 6 months I must be O.K now!  Yeah I can take it or leave it!  It is xmas after all I can just have the odd one whilst we're away and stop again when we get home right?" Wrong very wrong. I slipped right back into it like I'd never stopped in the first place. My partner and I split soon after we returned home it wasn't a shock as such(it had been on the cards for a good long while) but I was heartbroken and drunk. ..I stopped again in August last year and with two months under my belt then went on to find this sub in October. I nervously logged on for the first time and I reached out for help. /u/coolcrosby was first on the scene and since that moment I can truly say I've been saved. I've been on such a massive personal learning curve. I used to think I was strong enough to go it alone. I simply cannot. I should have over a year on my day counter but after a few relapses and hard lessons I have 6 months but you know what? I am more than pleased with that!!!..27 years of progressively hard drinking have taken it's toll in more ways than one..but with hand on my heart I can finally say that I am well and truly done...Pledging on this sub every single day a lot of therapy and a bit of AA..is how I do sobriety...And as /u/coolcrosby says "take it one day at a time"..This is my sobriety I now own it it is mine...Thank you thank you SD thank you for my sobriety!..I love you allxxx :)..
----------immediate responses--------

You are an inspiration to us all (except for shutting yourself) well done missy
Yay!!!! I can't wait to welcome you into r/dinos!  
What an inspirational post! I have just over 6 months myself and have noticed the benefits of sobriety creeping up. Life isn't all sunshine and roses but I cope with it better. Wow I use that cliche a lot. For those of you who are sick of it I apologize!..I am so glad you are here and I hope you keep posting. Well done!
Awesome post slb! So proud of u on 6 months and excited to follow in your shoes with that milestone! 
Congratulations!  Sounds like you've worked damn hard to get where you are and I think that's the thing that keeps folks sober - consistent work on self to deal with the underlying issues and the void left by drinking.  Rock on with yo bad self!
Awesome! Congratulations on six months you rock!
You own it and thanks for sharing it.
Congrats. Keep up the great work. 
