-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3o2q4f/40_days/

i've never seen my parents drunk. with the exception of a bottle of wine when they had company over there was no liquor in the house ever. no beer in the fridge ever. actually my mom has had a bottle of creme de menthe for 25 years. she made chocolate pudding with it when i was like 6 years old. i saw that bottle this evening when i was going through the cupboard looking for almonds...my mom doesn't like drinking. my sister said she got drunk a couple times when she was 18 just cause everybody else was doing it but doesn't really drink anymore. ..and actually my history with alcohol reflects that a little bit. the first time i drank alcohol was when i was 15. then i drank maybe 3 times between 15 and 18. then nothing until i was 21. i don't know it's like i hadn't activated anything yet. there were hints like friends telling me they hated when i did drink with them because i just never stopped and i turned into hyde. age 21 i really picked it up. age 23 it was in full swing. age 24-25 i knew i had a problem. i was pretty much solidly drunk the last 2 years. i think something in my brain changed when i consciously started using alcohol as a coping mechanism. ..i don't know. i don't know how brains work and i don't know how mine might be different than someone elses. i know that before i never gave much thought to alcohol and now i have to think about it all the time for better or for worse. i am grateful my immediate family doesn't have the same struggle i do and i very much hope they never will have to go through it...here's to more sobriety SD.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 40 days!
Yay numbers!
That is awesome that your family doesn't struggle with the problem that we have. I grew up with an alcoholic mother and I don't know how much of an impact that had on my own alcoholism. My maternal grandpa was also an alcoholic and died as a result of his alcoholism and smoking. So I think I have some genetic factors as well as environmental factors and my brain functions in a way that facilitates alcoholism. That is I do everything to the extreme drinking work baking cooking posting on reddit! Congratulations on your silver time!
Congrats on your 40 days.  I too got to the point where all I would think about was alcohol if I wasn't drinking I would be thinking about when I could start again.  I still think about alcohol but I am also thinking about all the negative impacts it has had on my life.  Those negative impacts really help keep everything in perspective.
