-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3o3fei/relapsed_again_after_three_weeks_sober_on_my/

Yesterday was my 23rd birthday and so I went out with friends and got absolutely trashed. So much so that it's 9AM and I haven't slept a wink as the booze has given me temporary insomnia. ..Prior to this I was sober for around three weeks and feeling the best i had felt in a long while. (Quit smoking and pot around this time as well.) I kept telling myself that I wasn't going to have even a beer on my way to meet my friends for dinner yesterday but ended up outdrinking all of them and puking in the bathroom stall of a bar. All I feel right now is utter shame and regret. I don't think I have the willpower to do the whole sober thing again and reset the clock...I'm going on a business trip to LA on Monday and will be meeting old friends who invariably will want to drink again. I'm not sure how to separate my social life from alcohol as most of my friends and colleagues drink often and enjoy going out. I want to sober up but feel like if I started ordering club sodas at bars I would quickly lose my popularity among my friends or look like an alcoholic- which I was and still am. ..Any advice would be much appreciated. .
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have advice to give but I will share my own experience. I had to really limit my exposure to alcohol in early early sobriety. When I started exposing myself to situations where there was alcohol provided alcohol was not the main event I had to have a game plan to leave whenever I needed to. So I solicited the support of my husband. And I downloaded the stop drinking chat application on my phone and chatted with fellow drunks who helped me through this situation and did encourage me to leave because to stay may have led to relapse...This may not be what you want to hear but that was my experience. As for friends judging you for not drinking alcohol are they true friends or are they drinking buddies?..Edited to add something that I wanted to say but I was afraid it would come out harshly. You just relapsed. Is it a good idea to go to a bar on Monday?
&gt;I want to sober up but feel like if I started ordering club sodas at bars I would quickly lose my popularity among my friends or look like an alcoholic..First Happy Birthday! ..For me I found most people really didn't care what I was drinking and if I was asked I just said I was feeling a little under the weather and couldn't drink or I was taking medication and couldn't drink but overall they didn't really care.  I did have a few "friends" who tried to get me to drink and I ended up changing my circle of friends and getting rid of toxic people who did not respect my boundaries...At first though in early sobriety I opted to stay home where I knew I'd be sober and safe. I realize that might be hard if traveling for work. I would tell my coworkers I wasn't feeling well and hide out in my hotel room. I slept a lot in early sobriety. As for the old friends wondering if you have to meet them? Would it be possible to meet for a quick lunch or breakfast/coffee instead of after work/evening?
I'm taking a break from going to bars/parties with friends. I know it's tough but I just can't resist a beer when it's offered to me repeatedly in an evening. 
So puking in bathroom stalls maintains your popularity with your friends? My friends generally looked relieved when I ordered a water (or when the bartender served me a water instead of my order and I drank it anyway). Water = less puking = less embarrassment for them. A club soda order at the start of the night meant I was on the wagon for the night or part of it at least and puking was really unlikely. ..I know I'm an alcoholic and other people's opinions don't actually affect the fact of my disease so I don't pay any mind to them...I didn't stop drinking until I was ready to get honest about what drinking was doing to my life: it prevented me from solving or facing any problem or defect in my life and nourished a victim mentality in which I could create a million reasons to keep drinking and none to keep me sober when I tried to dry out. I am now willing to go to any lengths to stay sober including quitting a job I knew would make me lose my place to live leaving a relationship with someone I loved and leaving my mother to fight multiple cancers in a far-off state while I take care of myself. Tomorrow I take 90 days I paid for in blood sweat and tears and I thank my higher power every day for giving me the will to do this for real this time. Taking a drink today would be utter insanity and I have finally been relieved of that. ..I'm in LA and I have Monday off. I would be happy to meet you anywhere in the city to go to an AA meeting. If you are near the South Bay/Westside my sponsor holds a BBQ that is open to all every Monday night before my home group meeting and I would be pleased as shit to introduce you to everyone. 
[removed]
I think you have to really be honest with yourself: are you ready to stop? If not what are you waiting for? You know the cycle will continue repeating itself if things don't change. 
I am a 54 year old female who has been sober 347 days for the first time in over 20 years. I tried everything to stop drinking. When I finally did stop it was because I was just so sick of it. It didn't make me feel good anymore. I decided I would not allow myself to focus on drinking. I stopped reading about it or meetings about it. Every time I thought about it I forced myself to push thru and find something else to read about or research. I pushed the thought right out of my head before it could grab on. I went to sleep in the evening a lot earlier than usual sometimes those first few months just to break the cycle of habit. After a while I developed new habits. I still go to parties when I have to but after a while people quit asking me if I wanted a drink. They got used to me being sober and accepted it. I know it's a lot harder at 23 but honestly it's all in your head. It pisses me off that other people can drink whenever they want and they don't even think about it or obsess over it like I used to but I can't change it and finally accepted it. Life goes on and you don't need it. It took 23 years of trial and error before I could quit but after 11 1/2 months I'm never going back. It gets worse and worse and it wasn't worth it. I wasted so much time!.
