-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3o4124/writing_down_why_i_need_to_quit_alcohol/

Hello...I have quit alcohol before. It is great. Yet I always start drinking again. I know why. I know how to prevent it from happening. Yet it happens. This post is the first time I'm publicly admitting there is an issue. I am hoping I will be alcohol free from here onwards...> What happens when I'm sober..I feel great. Happy peaceful positive. I'm full of motivation. I am much more successful at completing the little projects I'm always working on. I look good. I sleep well. I have so much energy. I go to the gym and run nearly every day. My body feels healthy and slim and strong and flexible. There is minimal drama in my life. I eat well. My spending habits are healthy. Everything is so much better...I don't crave alcohol although I do something miss "getting wasted" and feel a bit left out. I get a lot of shit from friends for quitting alcohol. My girlfriend is much happier I don't drink...> What happens when I'm a drinker..I stop going to the gym. I eat so much junk food. I look and feel bloated. My depression comes back. Self hatred. Guilt. Low self esteem. My sleep becomes a mess. I spend so much money. I cheat on my girlfriend and do so many reckless things. Girls get pregnant. I get STDs. I sometimes embarrass myself. I look like shit. I feel like shit. I come into work late. I feel dehydrated. I don't feel in control of my life...But the main issue is sex. I have risky sex when drunk. I have cheated on ex girlfriends. I do not want to cheat on my new girlfriend. ..> How I quit..I have experimented with quitting a lot and I know how to do it. For me sugar caffeine and alcohol are linked. I have to quit all three to successfully stay off alcohol. If I consume one of those items I end up consuming them all...The main culprit is caffeine. When I drink coffee I crave sugar and alcohol. I think this is due to the buzz caffeine gives me but I suspect there is another physical dimension. ..If I don't drink coffee I don't care about sugar and alcohol. So the key for me is to quit coffee and I naturally stop eating bad food and lose all interest in alcohol. This has consistently been how I have "easily" quit alcohol in the past. The problem is quitting coffee. Once I can quit coffee everything slots into place...> How I relapse..It's the same every time. I've been off alcohol sugar and coffee for a few months. Maybe nearly a year. I have zero alcohol cravings nor do I have any interest in drinking. I'll be in a restaurant and the waitress will tell me the meal comes with a free tea or coffee. In a moment of weakness I drink a tea. The caffeine kicks in and immediately I am tricking myself into drinking decaf coffee. I'll drink 3 or 4 large decaf coffees a day. I know they aren't totally decaf. I'm getting a slight buzz. Then one day the coffee shop will be out of dacaf. So I buy a regular coffee. Boom. I'm back into my caffeine addiction and buying chocolate and feeling so happy and buzzy that I end up getting drunk with friends. I binge. I fuck a girl. Generally without a condom. The shame and downward spiral starts again...> Summary..Everything is so much better when I am sober...I need to avoid the evil trinity of coffee sugar alcohol...I have so much potential as a person. Alcohol is very bad for me. It's only a matter of time before something really terrible happens. Either I'll get a non-curable STD or my depression will get so bad I'll kill myself. I know for a fact I have zero depression when I am sober but when I'm drinking regularly I think of suicide almost daily. Total black and white situation. Excellent life versus shitty life...This is day 1 of my new happy life...Sorry for the rant!..- RM
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and welcome. Kudos for reaching out with this honest thorough post. I too found it helpful to write out in detail all the problems caused by alcohol and the benefits of stopping. In spite of this powerful exercise I could not stay sober on my own and received necessary guidance from a therapist rehab and a support group. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. Glad you're here. Keep us posted. 
It's fascinating to me that you make a link between alcohol and caffeine. I'm on day 5 of no caffeine as I drank Diet Coke like it was going out of fashion (much like I drank alcohol) 
I also made bad sexual choices when drinking so I can relate to a lot of your post. Do you have a plan to get and stay sober?
I have not heard of people linking caffeine and alcohol...I definitely consume less coffee now that I stopped drinking - I sleep much better so a cup or two gets the job done. If cutting it out completely works for you then way to go! 
I stopped drinking coffee about 2 weeks after the booze because I noticed my anxiety was going through the roof whenever I had a coffee. I just assumed it was the stimulants without the depressants. Interesting to hear someone else finding a link!
Welcome and keep writing to us.  Cutting out all 3 items would be sooo difficult for me.  I am using coffee and chocolate to help me not drink alcohol.  It's working so far - Day 18.
I can see how caffeine and alcohol consumption can be connected. For me I was in the habit of bringing myself up with caffeine throughout the day then putting a damper on my mood by consuming alcohol later in the day... Now I just bring myself up with caffeine but I try not to overdo it. I dunno that's interesting though. 
I have exactly the same link with caffeine and booze. I'm quite sensitive to caffeine and also find it addictive so if I have one coffee I'm like the mayor of Cracktown. Then I justify drinking because I need to comedown somehow. Also the same with decaf. I'll drink 4 decafs coffee's and feel a buzz then again start drinking. My trinity is caffeine smoking and drinking. I'm quiting two of those rn. Good luck with your recovery!
