-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oadgw/i_can_have_drinkingor_i_can_have_everything/

Saturday share time!!..Never in a million years did I think I would be sharing my story on an online forum about how I got (and am staying) sober.  My heart is pounding and my hands are shaking a bit as I type this....goes to show how emotional this journey has been!..So I (37F) have had a love affair with beer for a good portion of my life.   Mmm beer.  I remember my first sip.  I was around 13 and on a family camping trip.  We were in an extremely remote location and it took hours to set up the tent.  The only cold beverage in the cooler was a Labatt's Blue.  My mom let me have a sip and I loved it.  This didn't set off some alcoholic urge by any means...I just knew I loved beer and would continue to love it when I was old enough to drink it.  ..There was very little alcohol in my household growing up.  I knew about alcoholism because my grandpa and an uncle were alcoholics but they were sober so I guess I didn't REALLY know what alcoholism was...I drank like a "normal" person for most of my life.  Sometimes I think back to those years and wonder what went wrong.  I just liked beer a lot and I would drink a pint or two and that was it.  There was no longing for more once I started.  That came later...I watched two of my brothers slide very rapidly down into alcoholism.  They were REAL alcoholics.  They were the type that needed serious help needed to NEVER drink again. They were incapable of functioning like human beings. I was different....I always had a decent job good education true friendships a loving husband. I could maintain my life and still drink as much as I wanted to.  And so why not drink more?  I enjoyed it so much and it wasn't really negatively affecting my life so why not?..At some point drinking became more important to me than all those other things in my life.  It was like the switch was flipped.  I crossed over some unseen elusive line into the world of an alcoholic.  I recall the first time I drank a beer in the morning. I remember the first time I went for beer on my lunch break.  I remember the first time I brought alcohol to work with me.  I remember the first  time I hid alcohol in my apartment.  "This is not good" this little voice would say inside me.  And in the time it took to crack the beer open and take a sip that voice would be gone...The negatives started adding up rather quickly.  I could not afford this habit but I did it anyway.  The shame of spending at least $500/month on alcohol was overwhelming (booze is expensive in Canada). I was gaining weight like crazy....my addiction was no longer hidden on the inside of my body it was now on the outside and people could tell something was wrong...My entire life revolved around alcohol for the last 6 years of my drinking.  It was the first thing I thought about when I woke up and the last thing I thought about while I drifted off to sleep.  It was woven into every plan I made every conversation I had.  I loved it more than I loved anything in the world. It was my best friend my buddy my side kick. We were inseparable. ..But the relationship was abusive and I knew it. Having been in an abusive relationship with a man in my past the correlations were undeniable...I'd stand in front of my bathroom mirror at night forcing myself to look at what I'd become.  I will never forget that image.  My sad haunted defeated eyes.  That little tiny voice would try to say something to me that there was a solution I just had to stop drinking ... but the alcoholic voice was SO STRONG it would overpower any will to change. It would tell me there was no way out and this was my life. This was all I deserved. I HAD to keep drinking...I was diagnosed with melanoma (skin cancer) on October 1 2013.  The doctors were very surprised - it was so unusual for someone my age (35 at the time).  I wasn't surprised.  I'd read an article about how alcohol consumption increases your risk of getting skin cancer by 55%.  I also wasn't surprised because I had tanned in tanning beds in my younger days. I remember thinking back then "If I get skin cancer it will be worth it because tanning makes me feel SO GOOD about myself!"  Ha. And you know what? I had the same attitude towards alcohol. It made me feel so good I'd deal with the consequences later. ..The melanoma was removed and my lymph nodes were biopsied.  The cancer had spread and a second major operation was done to remove the lymph nodes in my leg...When you are diagnosed with cancer you come to understand how much you are loved.  The kindness and concern from my family and friends was overwhelming.  And it made me sick to my stomach because if only they knew I was actually responsible for my cancer....I GAVE myself cancer... how would they feel then?..I continued drinking after my surgery (I even snuck alcohol into the hospital...I was there for 5 days after all...) despite this being a huge wake-up call. Nothing was changing. .."Why isn't anything changing?" I wondered. How can I still be drinking after what I've been through?!  Where was the whatever-it-was that was going to save me? Surely SOMETHING will happen to me and I will change somehow? As long as I don't have to be the one to actually DO IT I'm ready to be rescued.....(I actually thought like this). ..About 6 months after my surgery I received a call from my brother.  He told me that he was 7 months sober and that he was involved in AA.  I couldn't believe my ears.  I hadn't talked to him in over 5 years for all I knew he was dead.  He was happy and excited and I could barely recognize his voice.  He told me about how this program was changing his view of the world it was teaching him patience and tolerance of others (both things he sorely lacked!).  I asked him about the religious part of AA as he and I are both VERY non-religious.  He told me it's not religious it's spiritual and there is a huge difference.  I didn't really believe him but I could not deny that something amazing was happening with him.  I told him I would go to a meeting. For him...I went to my first meeting.  It was a location I had scoped out 3 years prior when I knew I needed help but wasn't ready yet.  That meeting wasn't particularly amazing but it was the start of my new life.  I wasn't ready to quit drinking yet but I was ready to go to meetings and be around other alcoholics.  I went every day on my lunch break for 4 months listening absorbing information learning about alcoholism and thinking about how my life would look without alcohol.  I wasn't trying to quit drinking during this time....I want to be clear: You CAN go to AA if you're not ready to quit drinking yet.  You will be welcomed with open arms.  A kind person told me at one point "You're doing everything right." Even though I was still drinking! That sentence will be etched on my heart forever...October 1 was approaching. My one year anniversary of being diagnosed with skin cancer.  It struck me that it would be a great day to test out quitting drinking.  I decided upon a goal of one week.  And I did it. The week was a breeze. So I just kept going.  I was already involved in a program of recovery I already had tools in place I already had support. It wasn't actually a huge change to switch to carbonated water instead of beer!..And this is the crazy part: I haven't had a single craving.  The obsession is gone.  I flipped the switch back the other way.  I have never been more sure of anything in my life...that alcohol will destroy me if I let it back in.  I won't ever forget my reflection in the bathroom mirror when I was so hopeless and so desperately sad.  I don't want to sound like I'm bragging by saying I had no cravings.  I just want people that are reading this to know that maybe quitting drinking won't be as horrible as they think it will be.  You will never know until you try...So now I sit here over one year sober and my life is unrecognizable.  I mean I am still married (SO MUCH MORE HAPPILY) and I still have the same job (I AM AMAZINGLY LUCKY). But I am different. I have lost 40 pounds (ZOMG) and I can't stop smiling.  Waves of relief flood through my body when I think about my recovery. I saved my LIFE. It's like I lived through a horrific disaster and came out the other end alive. Without turning this into an ad for AA the change I have experienced in myself is the most rewarding thing I've ever done. I love myself SO MUCH especially now that I know myself a lot better. And I am still an atheist! Just a spiritual one....yep that's a thing...Relapse will not be a part of my story. I know there's danger in saying this but I am saying it anyway. There is no loophole for me no possible way that I will think it's okay to consume alcohol again. All I need to do is think about me in a bathroom stall at work pouring beer into a metal water bottle chugging the extra and disposing of the can in the sanitary napkin disposal. That person may have been me a long time ago but it will never be me again...Much love to this wonderful community. We are never alone. You can have everything....or you can have drinking...Ninjilla .
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful thank you and well done. :)
Thank you for sharing what an awesome story!!..&gt;Relapse will not be a part of my story. I know there's danger in saying this but I am saying it anyway. There is no loophole for me no possible way that I will think it's okay to consume alcohol again. All I need to do is think about me in a bathroom stall at work pouring beer into a metal water bottle chugging the extra and disposing of the can in the sanitary napkin disposal. That person may have been me a long time ago but it will never be me again...Chills. Seriously chills!..Huge congrats xx
very happy for you :) great work!
Incredible stuff. Thank you.
Just the inspiration I needed. Thank you so much for sharing. I'm sure it wasn't easy to share your story.  It really helped me to read it so thanks again! 
[deleted]
Very well written and moving post thank you..
Recovered tanning addict former beer loving spiritual atheist here.  Nice job ninjilla!!!! I am so thankful for everyone on Sd who has shared their experience--it taught me about recovery and most importantly what to do to heal myself. Congratulations!!
That was a great share thank you!
Thank you for sharing this!
Wow. Excellent share! Thanks   
Ninjilla I'm touched beyond words with your writing. big hug and a wordless thank you.
Great share! Thank you for your inspiring story!
Thanks for sharing and have a great Thanksgiving weekend!
Beautiful read. Thank you for sharing your story and giving us some inspiration ninjilla. 
Thank you so much for sharing that Ninjilla. I always love reading your posts and responses an look forward do reading you years to come.
Beautiful! It's great that you flipped the switch and discovered a whole new you. It's recognizable in some parts and actually started crying while reading it. I too love a beer or two (or ehr... seven when I'm going out). I try not to drink at week days but if there's a occasion I drink. Birthdays concerts when me and my girlfriend have something to celebrate et cetera. .It's fun to drink and my gf isn't worried at all. But it makes me do things I regret the next morning. I start texting other woman that's mainly the biggest problem. I'm done with this behaviour... It's unfair for my gf and we are happy together. I don't know if I should never drink again but if I drink more than three beers I start to cross lines I must not cross. .Thank you for your story. It made me think of searching for a solution for my own problem. ..Edit: spelling
What an amazing story. I appreciated reading every sentence. You have a lot of wisdom to share! As for your comments that relapse is not in your future and that that might not be wise or something to that effect I think it is ok. Relapse is not in everyone's future. It isn't in mind. I did the relapse game for years and it was exhausting. As long as i am vigilant about the early early signs that my addictive brain is trying to tell me to drink which are the early signs of relapse and I act accordingly I believe I never have to relapse again. As for your comment about your marriage never being better I hear you! That is probably one of my favorite gifts of sobriety.
Thank you for sharing your story.
Congrats
Thank you Ninjilla!    .I've been very teary-eyed lately (mostly in a good way); but your story opened the flood gates because of so much similarity.    .Unlike you my brother committed suicide and my husband divorced me because of alcohol.    .Alone at 54 with progressive MS I knew the meaning of this sentence:..&gt;Where was the whatever-it-was that was going to save me? Surely SOMETHING will happen to me and I will change somehow?..I now know the only one who can save/change me is me; and despite the not-so-great happenings in my life alcohol makes nothing better...Again thank you for sharing.  Many Blessings to You!
Thank you so much for sharing
I am SO proud of you. 
Great share. You are a wonderful writer!
Thank you.
I didn't read the entire post...bc wall of text. Which is okay. But the headline grabbed me. What a way to really put it in perspective for me and hopefully others. 
I don't know how I missed this the other day.  This is fantastic.  There are just so many parts of this that are amazing.  Thank you.
