-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oaucb/23_years_old_being_released_from_detox_later/

My drink of choice is vodka. Plain and simple shots of vodka....My story: I'm 23 years old and began my daily heavy drinking 3 years ago. I graduated from college 2 years ago with a 3.4 gpa while still drinking heavily so I saw no problem with it....I got promoted from within the company I was already with and because I was out of college increased my drinking to both morning and night. I lived within walking distance from my job so before you knew it I was running home to rip a couple more shots during my breaks. I was drinking about 1/3 of a handle on a daily basis....I wanted to find a job within my degree so I began applying for other jobs and got hired for one three hours away and made the big move back in May. I told myself I would stop smoking completely and cut down on the drinking. Well the first of my job was the last day I smoked a cig. I didn't drink in the mornings for the first couple of weeks but would immediately run home to drink after work. Eventually I began experiencing really bad hangovers in the middle of my work day so I began drinking in the mornings again. That stopped working so I started bringing liquor to work and would drink in the bathroom when no one was looking. I was totaling at least 1/2 of a handle of vodka every day...Two weeks ago I realized I had a problem. I was twitching blurred vision and a constant headache. So... I went to the hospital (I live in a big city so there are a lot to choose from). I got admitted and they were giving me 20mg of Valium every four hours so I was basically knocked out the entire time. After almost 50 hours I finally woke up and forced them to discharge me because I felt "fine"....The next day I had friends college friends come to visit and (obviously) relapsed. I told myself I would handle it by tallying the amount of drinks I was having on my hand and I was still reaching 15-20 drinks each night. When my friends left I went right back into my old ways....About 6 days ago I finally threw out the bottle I would bring to work called my boyfriend and said I needed help. When I got back home I was twitching a lot so I just tried to nap it off. Then I woke up to myself twitching worse than I ever have sat up screamed out of agitation and threw up several times. My boyfriend brought me to a different hospital and I have been here ever since. They have been giving me several vitamins and nutrients that I've been missing due to the alcohol intake and they started me on 3 10mg Valiums a day for two days 2 10mg yesterday and 1 10mg today....I can't say I feel perfect but I feel better than I've felt in some time. I still have some tingling (right now my arm feels like it fell asleep) but I have no other symptoms. My vitals are good blood pressure is lower than ever and the doctors want to see how I do over the next few hours but believe I'm in stable condition...Now my questions are.....Will I experience any Valium withdraw? The doctors are tapering me off so they said I shouldn't but I know Valium withdraw can be dangerous....How do I adjust my social life so that I'm not judged or looked at differently for not drinking?...Is AA going to be frustrating for someone who is nonreligious? I hear all of the time that it helps a lot of people but I don't want to get -- for lack of better words -- sucked into the faith aspect of it because I see a lot of people changing into a whole new person. I like who I am I just want to be sober while being me....Can I ever learn to drink in moderation again? The only reason why this is all started was because I was binging so hard at night that I didn't want to deal with the next day's hangover. I personally believe that after 27 days of breaking the habit I can enjoy a drink when I go out to dinner with family or something; however no booze in the apartment and no more bars. But I don't know if I'm just fooling myself...Thanks for any input! Wish me luck!
----------immediate responses--------

When I quit I wanted to believe that in the future I'd be able to drink on occasion sober forever was unimaginable to me. However I was doubtful whether I could moderate and I feared breaking the resolve l'd built in not drinking and kindling (that subsequent withdrawals become more severe and more dangerous). ..So during the first few months I reflected on this quote:..&gt;[It's easier to keep a lion in a cage than keep a lion on a leash](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2k2nug/abstinence_is_easier_than_moderation/)..Over those days weeks months I read many failed moderation attempts here. I decided that I didn't want to test this for myself: the experiences of others and my own out-of-control drinking history have taught me that if I return to drinking I'm likely to return to a place as bad as it's ever been sooner or later. It took me four sober months to reach this point and by then I'd gained confidence in my ability to live sober and discovered that a sober life was for keeps...Tl;dr once I quit staying sober one day at a time was the single most important thing I did; it added up and I'm so grateful...Ps both alcohol and benzo withdrawals can be dangerous the doctors know what they're doing with a short-term valium taper I'd trust them.
If the doctors are tapering your valium then they are monitoring you and you should follow their advice...I wish you luck with everything.  If you think you can drink moderately then you can try.  No one can force you to do anything.  All I can tell you is that whenever I've tried moderation I've relapsed worse than before.  I'm much older than you so I've had a lot of experiences and realize that for me sadly I'm an alcoholic and just have to say no to alcohol one day at a time.  ..You have been sober longer than I have - it's only 18 days for me.  There are non-religious AA groups in the USA and online meetings -- sounds like you could benefit from talking to a few people in your age group...Best wishes.GW
It sounds like your withdrawal symptoms are getting worse each time you try to stop drinking; you might want to read up on [kindling] (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative-hypnotic_withdrawal).  .Personally I decided to stop drinking when I realized I was doing serious and lasting harm to my nervous system including my brain. It takes different things for different people to decide to quit. If I had ended up in the hospital more than once due to excessive drinking that would be a big red flag. Many people say that when they give up drinking (through AA therapy SMART whatever) their desire to someday drink 'moderately' diminishes. I'm hoping that's the case for me. When it comes down to it this stuff really is poison plain and simple.  .Do you have any sober friends or activities available? It would be best to avoid drinking friends for awhile in my opinion.
&gt;Will I experience any Valium withdraw? The doctors are tapering me off so they said I shouldn't but I know Valium withdraw can be dangerous...So can alcohol withdrawal. If they are tapering you off you should be fine. As long as you're taking the advice of your doctors I wouldn't worry about it. You have other things to focus on. ..&gt;How do I adjust my social life so that I'm not judged or looked at differently for not drinking?.."What other people think of me is none of my business." It's amazing how little people care about whether or not I am drinking. I always cared and noticed because I'm an alcoholic and alcohol was always the center of my focus. ..&gt;Is AA going to be frustrating for someone who is nonreligious? I hear all of the time that it helps a lot of people but I don't want to get -- for lack of better words -- sucked into the faith aspect of it because I see a lot of people changing into a whole new person. I like who I am I just want to be sober while being me...I'm an agnostic with no religious background and I've been sober in AA for two years this Wednesday. My impression of AA from the outside was "chanty culty Jesus bullshit" but my experience has been different. I absolutely never thought I would get something out of it and after going into it with an open mind and giving it an honest effort it's been one of the best experiences of my life. It's not a religious program. ..As to the second part: it sounds like you're projecting into the future a bit. I wouldn't worry about changing into a bible thumper. I have not really seen that happen. I have seen people who had been faithful get reconnected and I have experienced myself getting a little less cynical but I don't see either of those things as bad. ..&gt;Can I ever learn to drink in moderation again? The only reason why this is all started was because I was binging so hard at night that I didn't want to deal with the next day's hangover. I personally believe that after 27 days of breaking the habit I can enjoy a drink when I go out to dinner with family or something; however no booze in the apartment and no more bars. But I don't know if I'm just fooling myself...You can certainly try. But I haven't seen anyone who had needed to detox from alcohol successfully go back to drinking moderately. If I could drink moderately I wouldn't have needed medical detox. I can only speak for myself but if I find myself thinking that I "deserve" a drink after abstaining from two years I need to check myself real quick. That is utter lunacy. ..You're checking out of an **alcohol detox** and posting in a subreddit dedicated to stopping drinking you're talking about going out and "enjoying a drink"? Repeat that sentence to yourself a few times and think about how fucking crazy it sounds. ..Best of luck with everything! Let us know how you're doing. 
