-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oeg9i/stuck/

Subtract about 50 days from my badge and that's about how long my abstinence lasted. I drank in late August and have been since...Why? Because I'm impulsive. I started seeing my ex-girlfriend which ended up being a fling but it kind of shook me up emotionally for a minute there. She had turned into a partier - a lot of the times we hung out she was already pretty drunk. I was used to hanging out with my friends while they drank but this was different... I just felt like such a boring person she'd give me odd looks when I'd tell her I got up at 7am on a Saturday. (For comparison purposes I woke up hung over today at about noon.)..At the time the whole ex-girlfriend thing was really messing with me and I pretty much just acted out. Then justified it saying well yeah this sobriety stuff is killing my social life so I'll just keep drinking. Fuck it...Over the last few weeks that I've been drinking it's been escalating... not a surprise really at no point did I ever really think this was going to be sustainable. I thought maybe I could keep it to 4 beers when I go out stick to doing that on the weekends but I kinda knew that was bullshit I think. I've already found myself compulsively stopping by the store on weeknights - not every night but 1-2 times a week - and I've already let the 4 rule go completely. I'm exercising less I've been smoking again I feel tired all the time not eating as well the list goes on and on. To top it off I drove home absolutely plastered last night. Unacceptable. ..So I'm driving drunk my intake is escalating steadily and I've been performing significantly worse in all other aspects of my life. I think it's pretty clear what I need to do...But I now see that it's going to take changing *all* of my life. I did pretty good to get to ~230 days but I wasn't working actively to branch out find some friends whose lives don't revolve fully around drinking. I don't necessarily have to quit talking to my current friends overall but I really think that you need to have other folks in your life with whom you can do sober activities as well. And before I believed that you could still go to bars and abstain but I'm leaning more towards the school of thought now that if you spend time in bars you're setting yourself up for failure...I feel really frustrated right now. Partly because I can't moderate. But mostly because it's socially taboo to struggle with this shit. I don't want to explain to everybody that I want to quit again. Nobody fucking gets it except for my mom and my brother. I have been majorly fantasizing about moving to a new city and just completely starting over...I don't know. I started writing this post just to vent that I feel stuck but when you put it on paper it seems pretty obvious that I need to quit. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah our experience is that it will get worse so quitting now...**today** is probably called for.  You can do it perhaps a different path as you suggest...Take two deep breaths and call us in the morning
I feel ya buddy. I will say this - I would get this skin crawling feeling when people would tell me about a party. I was SO afraid I was going to miss something (mostly miss out on the opportunity to get laid) but you know what? I didn't miss out on anything. More often than not I just isolated myself at the parties drank and scowled at the guys successfully talking to the women there. In retrospect I didn't miss out on ANYTHING. Even the parts of the parties and nights at the bar where I was with my friends socializing. I can't remember any of the conversations I had can't remember the music can't remember who was there. So if you're worried about missing out on something there's a good chance that you're over thinking it. I definitely recommend finding some activities and folks who don't drink or don't drink heavily to do somethings with. Stick close to them.
Feel free to drink or don't -- it's your decision. But for fucks sake don't drive if you're drinking. I know you don't need anyone harping on you for that but the negative consequences will absolutely flip your life upside down. I drove drunk many times and I count my fucking lucky stars that I only got a DUI and didn't kill someone...Going to bars and not drinking is pretty dumb too; I don't go to a bowling alley to not bowl and watch everyone else. 
[deleted]
