-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oher7/new_account_fresh_start_i_hope_this_the_last_day/

Hello everyone I'm glad to be alive today and here with you. I'm sober. It's day one again. I've tried this many times. It's been a horrible year for me in a way. Three detox facilities many hospital visits. All alcohol related. I do have a lot to be grateful for. A great family I haven't lost yet. A great new job I'm starting in a couple of days in a new geographical location. One I haven't tainted yet and hopefully won't. I couldn't afford a detox center this time with the new job starting. I went and spilled it all to my doc. She gave me a script for libruim and my wife is gonna help me detox myself. I don't want to drink ANY more. I'm also gonna start taking a gauntlet of tools to assist me. Antabuse naltrexone and campral. I have a good AA group I like and going to confess tonight and get yet another white chip. I told my sponsor. My wife is so disappointed. Her and my kids deserve a sober dad. I had about 25 days then went on a 7 day spree. Had about 20 units a day roughly all spread out and mostly late at night. Usually I do batshit crazy things and its obvious to everyone I relapsed again. This time I hide it all and didn't plan on telling anyone. It feels good to spill all of this. For the last decade the longest period of sobriety I've been able to maintain is 33 days back in April. I'm done worrying about if this is truly gonna last forever and just focusing on today. I want to live a happy purposeful life. I can't do that and drink. Thanks for reading this. Fuck this disease. It could be much worse for me. I know it will if I don't stop. Today I will not drink!
----------immediate responses--------

I've relapsed many times. People told me that I only stand a chance if I keep trying and keep getting up after each fall. I'm lucky to be alive today and I'm grateful to have what I have. If I stop trying I'm going to die. ..Hang in there my man. 
I'm not drinking with you today!
Good for you for talking to your doctor! I found this really difficult to do myself. It sounds to me like you are sick and tired of being sick and tired. At least that is how I felt maybe I am projecting! The good news is is that you never have to have another day one again. Someone told me this when I was on a two-week relapse cycle. I didn't believe them. But now was 200 days of sobriety I get what they were saying!
Thanks everyone!
You can do this friend.  You CAN.  I am with you today.  
When the craving comes as it inevitably will play the tape forward and remember this post. Good luck. 
Hey friend glad you're here with us today.  I feel like your story could be mine minus the wife and kids.  You mentioned that you have a sponsor in AA.  Do you have that person's phone number and do you have the number of other people in AA?  I found the only thing that got me through those first few months when things were really tough was CONSISTENTLY picking up the phone EVERYDAY and talking with people from AA.  I was completely honest about how my day was.  The phone calls weren't formalities.  I said what was on my mind no matter how fucking crazy it was.  And I called and called and called people until someone picked up.  I didn't make a half ass attempt at reaching out to people.  There were 3 "Do or Die" times in my first 4 months of sobriety.  As soon as that itch came into my head I stopped everything and picked up the phone and called someone.  ..Vigilance is key.
Well guy I had to reset my clock today. Friday my first OVI some good Samaritan walked by my car in the parking lot and thought I was I don't know.so I'm starting over because of the financial and legal ramifications of this trip I need to be even more steadfast in my resolve. you probably know how it iswife says "I can't take it anymore 'the next time the last "now that's only happened thirty times but this time is the real deal just not that legal ramification of the DUI but the potential for divorce. Life is so much better when you're soberwe all buy into the line drinking makes life better but for most of us it doesn't. I'm right with you today starting off on day one and I cannot let it happen again good luck to you
Don't get discouraged. Keep your head up!
