-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oi0rj/so_glad_that_im_not_drinking_today_wow_i_mean_it/

I'm using my old laptop and went to this subreddit.  An old throwaway account was logged in from previous failed attempts to stay sober (my record was 9 days).  I read posts written 10 months ago 7 months ago and 4 months ago.  All were clearly written by a very desperate person who just couldn't get the hang of sobriety.  They describe how miserable I felt and how much I wanted to stop but how scared I was to talk to people about it face-to-face.  ..I would agonize over how nervous I was to go to support group meetings.  I would lie to my therapist about how much I was drinking rationalizing that they expected me to low-ball it. ..What a good reminder of the results of my previous attempts to control my drinking with moderation or trying to stay sober while going to bars with friends.  I'm just so much happier since giving up those fights...Right now I'm so grateful that I have 95 days. Now I'm one of the people standing outside the meetings talking and laughing.  Today I'm behind on everything at work/school and I'm sleep deprived but I feel soooo much better today than the guy who wrote those posts almost a year ago.  I'm going to call a sober friend and talk about how great things are...Sobriety is worth the days that are a struggle.  I need to remember that every day going forward. ..I've had to rely very heavily on this subreddit in order to not drink each day.  Thanks to you all for making it possible.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! What an amazing find. What would your older self tell your younger self the younger self that you saw posting earlier.
Congrats to you on 95 days.  I can so relate to your comment about struggling without alcohol.  Its not so bad when you're sober And i sure don't miss waking up feeling like crap and the cringing as i try to figure out damage control from the night before...So happy for you.
&gt; Sobriety is worth the days that are a struggle. I need to remember that every day going forward...Yes.
&gt; Today I'm behind on everything at work/school and I'm sleep deprived but I feel soooo much better today than the guy who wrote those posts almost a year ago. ..It's so much better being sleep deprived and sober than it is being sleep deprived and hung over. SOOOO much better. Internet high five!
Congratulations on 3 months and thanks for the powerful testimony.
How cool that you found a time capsule of sorts and had the chance to reflect! Lots to be grateful for indeed and thank you for the reminder to stick with it. 
Great news and congratulations! 
&gt; Sobriety is worth the days that are a struggle...I needed this today! 
