-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3oi4qm/thinking_of_attending_my_first_meeting/

I've been struggling for a while now. With drinking but also with marijuana. A few weeks ago I went to be evaluated at a rehab center. They suggested I start with a 28 day inpatient program. ..It was hard to learn thats what they thought I needed something so intense but I knew they were right...I most likely would be there now or at least would have tried to go but my insurance wouldn't have covered it all. I would have had to pay about 5k out of pocket that I don't have laying around...Since then nothing has gotten better. I haven't been working because I took a leave of absence (because I thought I was going to rehab). But I still haven't gone back and I'm afraid to...So to cut to the chase. I guess I will try just attending some NA or AA meetings. Does any body have any advice?..I'm looking at meeting lists online but I'm not sure what the differences are. I see: Open Speaker Closed Discussion Closed Beginner Discussion Literature Study ect. ..Which one would be right for me? Is it even worth going? I'm also nervous about going. The thought of going and meeting strangers and blah blah in itself makes me want to drink...Thanks in advance for any advice!...**UPDATE:**....I went to my first meeting last night...Everybody was very nice and accepting. I stayed for the general discussion part of the meeting and just listened. It is nice to see people who are my age and remind me of myself. It's also nice to see older people people who I never would expect to have the same problems as me...All in all it was a good experience for me. It was actually NA not AA so hopefully thats not taboo around here. I do plan on going back. In fact there is another one tonight in a different place that I'd like to attend and probably will now that I got the jitters out of the way...One problem/regret for me is that I had been drinking a little before I went. It's kind of what gave me the courage to go at all. I wasn't drunk but we all know what the smallest amount can do to our brains...So I just thought I'd update everyone. I've lurked on this sub for a long time now and It feels nice to be a part of it finally. Right now I'm working on going to the meetings and establishing a routine/homegroup/relationships (healthy helpful ones)...Unfortunately I still won't be able to go get my 24 hour keychain tonight but...baby steps right? Maybe by next week I'll be able to. ..Thanks for listening guys!.......
----------immediate responses--------

[At this link is my post on the nuts and bolts of AA meetings.](https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholism/comments/2v573a/the_where_why_and_what_should_i_expect_at_my/)  I hope you will update us after your first meeting.
What /u/coolcrosby wrote is about right. ..AA isn't for everyone but you won't know until you've been to some meetings to know if it is right for you. You've got to be able to look past the "god stuff" if that ain't your bag. It's the message that's important and that message is about getting and staying sober. AA is a tool there for you to use if you want. There are tons of meeting everyday (if you're anywhere near a big town or city) so if you don't like a meeting try another one...First meeting jitters are the norm. It's def ok to just listen if that's what you want to do.
I got sober in AA without going to rehab. It saved my life so it was very worth it. I went to meetings at all different times in all parts of town (still do). Some of them I like better than others but I always hear at least one thing that I need at every meeting if I keep an open mind.
I would say that any meeting is a good meeting for you at this point. A speaker meeting is really nice because they have already appointed the people who are going to speak. That being said even at a closed/open meeting you can decline to speak if you don't want to. However you'd be surprised how amazing it feels to tell everyone in person what you've just told us here. ..I think the key is just go. If you decide it's not for you that's fine but you may find that it's exactly what you need.
AA worked for me in spite of my resistance objections misconceptions...Everyone is nervous at their first meeting.  ..Meetings vary considerably in topic tone and people.  Find your tribe.  and there are some seriously amazing people in AA...you have nothing to lose but your misery.
