-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3on3jx/help_finding_a_sponsor/

I have been struggling a lot with urges over the past couple of days and am starting to plan a relapse. Any advice on finding a sponsor asap? I know the usual of going to a meeting and talking to someone but I struggle immensely to open my mouth in public. ..Any and all tips would really help. 
----------immediate responses--------

I talk about my sponsor John G. [that's him in the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)-- he's like a big brother to me.  Ten years older and a man of few words.  But what a loyal friend and solid AA he's been all these years.  How do you find a guy like John?  Go find your big brother the guy you'll listen to and look up to.
Tips?  Go to as many meetings as possible.  Find the folks who are peaceful and happy and go talk to them.  
&gt;starting to plan a relapse..I like this sentiment that's exactly what I'm doing at the moment. Since I've just given you my stellar credentials let me now tell you how to find a sponsor ;)..I found my sponsor by listening to shares at meetings and looking for common ancestry among people I liked and connected with. My current sponsor sponsors a ton of people and some of his sponsees were women I had thought about asking to sponsor me as well. I wanted their sobriety and his so I went to the source and asked him to sponsor me...On a side note my last relapse was unplanned so planning one seems stupid. I posted here about it so I could get it out and I'm working my program and talking to my sponsor as well. Maybe share here more in depth in the meantime?
Someone told this to me in the beginning and I found it to be of great help. Find someone you feel that you can relate to and says something you like at a meeting. After the meeting simply ask them if they can be your "temporary" sponsor. If after a few times getting together you find that you're compatible then you can continue working together. If not then you can find someone else and it's a lot easier since you both went it with the premise that it was a temporary thing. ..Also there's been meetings that I've gone to that straight up ask if anyone in the room needs a sponsor. Raise your hand. They often get approached after the meeting by people looking to sponsor. Different meetings also have a list that people can sign that are in need of sponsors. If they don't mention it in the beginning of the meeting try asking the secretary after it's over. Best of luck
I've only just started attending meetings a little further afield as my local is mostly men so I don't have a sponsor yet either. It's tricky but I'm hopeful that the friendliness of the rooms will lead me to someone eventually. 
