-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ooqzk/ive_been_hiding_my_sobriety_from_my_friends/

I know this is kind of backwards. Most people hide their drinking (me being one of them at times) but right now I'm hiding my sobriety from my friends and I know this is probably not a good thing. My SO my mom and my siblings all know that I'm sober but my close friends don't know it yet.  I just don't want to have the conversation with everyone and face the awkwardness that comes with that. They're all drinkers too and while I'm sure they'd be supportive of my decision it would also be weird. I guess I'm scared of ostracizing myself or making people uncomfortable around me. I don't know what's going on but I've been avoiding the situation to the point where some of my friends are starting to catch on to my change in patterns. I'm not looking for advice really just wanted to share what's going on with me currently. I know I'll say something to them eventually but it's causing me problems right now. ..I'm 8 days sober today and I'm feeling pretty good about that. I've been struggling here and there but mostly I'm okay. 
----------immediate responses--------

Are you possibly not telling your friends so that if you go back to drinking your friends won't know any different? You won't have to explain that you've relapsed? I know this is what kept me from telling anyone I was trying to stop drinking...an easy out. Accountability is incredibly important.  And if they're your true friends they will support you.
Be very careful that you aren't not telling them in order to give yourself an 'out'. I found that one of the most useful things for me was making sure that everyone knew that I didn't drink so that if they saw me with alcohol in my hand they would start asking questions...Once you tell them you close that door and make it harder for yourself to go back.
Others' points about "giving yourself an out" to go back to drinking are valid. I hope this isn't the case. ..That said  doing this on your time-line is valid as well. This is your decision  your life  and 8 days is early in the process. Feeling comfortable (and thus not having awkward conversations with certain people right now) is understandable. ..I don't go into a lot of details with my friends (it's more of a "yeah  I'm on a health kick  and I've decided to not drink for a while" thing). I might hint at a bigger issue while still not getting super specific by saying "and moderation was never my strong point... 0 is easier than 1 for me" if I need to tell someone a bit more. ..With some time under your belt  you'll likely feel less and less awkward about whatever amount of information you'd like to share. ..Best of luck punnyboy. 
I never explained anything to anyone except my SO.  I let my consistent sober actions over time do all the talking.  
