-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3os9o4/centennial_taking_stock/

100 days! Honest to God I NEVER thought I would see that number. I quit drinking in order to lose weight but after not drinking for a month or so I started to see my drinking for what it is. And one day at a time with the help and support of SD here I am 100 days later! ..What's better or good:.My anxiety has decreased significantly. Like really significantly...I feel like I'm finally making a dent in my sleep deficit...I have lost (and regained and lost again) 4 pounds. I can't believe now that that makes me so happy I was so angry initially that the weight didn't just magically melt off. (York peppermint patties may have a little something to do with that)...In that vein I am finding I'm much more grateful for the little things. ..I have signed up for and am training for a 5k...My self hatred is decreasing and my compassion for self and others is increasing. I just love every damn one of you so much! ..My husband now sees that I am serious about making this lifestyle change stick. ..Oh and the irrational terrifyingly strong mood swings have really leveled out. They still happen once in a while but it's easier to identify them and cope when they come. ....What I'm still struggling with or what's not awesome rainbows all the time:..My hormones are completely out of whack. My cycle is all over the place and I'm breaking out like a teenager...I am definitely starting to see patterns of self sabotage emerge (more with food not alcohol cravings). ..Life is still life and shit happens. And sometimes it throws me. But my toolkit for dealing with that shit is slowly improving especially now that I'm starting to really believe that I am worth fighting for. ....Anyway just wanted to put some thoughts down to help me remember this day and how far I've come. :) ..Happy sober Wednesday to each of you every single person who has ever posted on SD has helped me to get this far and I'm so incredibly grateful to be on this journey with all of you. Oh man now I'm about to cry at the gym. Seriously you all are fucking rock stars and THANK YOU!!!!!!..Edit: holy wall of text Batman! TL/DR: I quit drinking 100 days ago. SD doesn't lie - it gets better don't give up before you get to the good stuff. ....
----------immediate responses--------

Hail new centurion /u/ladyjane317 -- you've been doing great!  
Aw congratulations Lady!  Great to read about your accomplishment and to receive the wisdom of your honesty.  ..Yeah once I removed the obstacle of alcohol I discovered other nasty little coping mechanisms I need to address like spending money to feel better and overeating.  One day at a time!  Have a great time at the gym!  Internet hug ((L J))
100 days is so huge. That's awesome that you're seeing so many clearly beneficial results including more clarity about who you are and who you want to become. Thank YOU for sharing your story!
Great post congrats on these huge strides! May I ask whether the hormones went into flux as a result of your quitting? I ask because I had similar breakouts for the first time in my life when I stopped.
Thanks for this awesome post and congrats on 100 days!
That's outstanding.  I found that the beer was hindering my fitness goals as well and like you I am doing something about it.  I had more pressing beer-related problems to motivate me but fitness was one of them too...Congrats!
