-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3osgrs/an_alcoholic_walks_into_a_gas_station/

Hey I've been lurking for a while but wasn't sure when to post or if I even would. I've been struggling with drinking for a year but I'm also an addict the drinking was the last of the things I needed to get rid of. .Well anyway since about June I've been on and off trying to stop. I tried going to detox tried "controlling" it tried everything I could think of but after a week or even a few days I'd cave in and drink. .Well today I walked into a gas station. I don't have a lot of money but I know I had enough for a bottle and some soda. I went around to cash out with just my soda and then I thought to myself"What can it hurt?" So I went to get a bottle. I went up to the register. I just stared at it. The guy rang it up and then I was about to pay when I just told him to take it off paid for the soda went to the car and cried. .I don't know why I cried. I only have one day behind me now. That's not a lot I know one day at a time one day at a time. I've done this before with drugs but now it seems harder than ever. So here I'm sitting sipping on this soda and still trying not to cry. .I won't drink tonight I know that. But I'm always way more scared of what I'll do in the future than now. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey OP thanks a lot for posting. That's a beautiful story. Crying = feeling which is always good. Have you considered going to a meeting today?
I think you cried because you don't want to drink and its hard. That's why I cry a lot of the time anyway. ..Anecdotally just knowing a lot of people who are recovering from alcohol and drug addictions you will not be making the wrong choice by cutting out alcohol. Being sober as well as clean can only assist you in making smart choices to stay away from your drug of choice. What are you afraid of missing out on? I'm assuming you are in recovery from your drug of choice so the reasons you wan that recovery and the tools you've gained there are all the same for alcohol. ..I got clean when I was 15. Haven't had a problem with light recreational use since then but kept drinking. And drinking. And drinking. All I did was move my addiction to a new area. (I keep trying to move my addiction to exercise now but it won't happen ha ha) When I was considering going back to a drug of choice because my alcohol was out of control I figured I had swung right back to where I was when I needed rehab and to be clean and sober the first time. 
I don't why either but I do know that I always feel better when I cry.
&gt; I only have one day behind me now...ONE DAY IS FUCKING HUGE...I remember pacing around the liquor store and buying booze then crying to my dad afterwards. I could not understand why the drive to drink was so strong...You did one better: you stopped starting...
I remember a few months ago I stood outside the liquor store for like an hour debating going in. I didn't want to drink that night. I didn't want to be hungover in the morning. With 5 minutes left before close I went in and bought my usual box of wine and wine coolers to mix it with. I remember being overwhelmed in there like fuck this why do I do this...Then I walked home debating throwing it out but I didn't. I went to my apartment and cried while I took the first sip. The feeling of doing something you don't want to do but feeling like you have no control is just the worst. I remember being like "fuck you" to that box of wine while I took the first sip. Such a weird feeling. ..We both cried over alcohol in these stories but you did the better thing. You had the power at the last minute to actually say fuck this and not purchase it. Use that to carry you on! You won tonight. Even if it doesn't/didn't feel like it.
I cried on my first day too. .I couldn't drown out the feelings I had been suppressing with years of drinking. .Just don't ever forget that you're not alone.
