-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ov3aa/31536000_seconds_sober/

Hey Sobernauts DrunkWooky here. ..You may remember my username. You may not. I have been lurking and been less active than I was in early sobriety. I also haven't been to an AA meeting or a  SMART meeting in probably 6-7 months...So (1) what's new with me and (2) what have I learned in a year?..What's new with me?..* I'm still married which wasn't so certain at the beginning..* I'm finally getting around to getting back in shape. Hitting the gym mostly every day after work..* Oh work?! Yeah I'm what they call a real-life real-estate attorney. So law school worked out..* oh law school? Yep graduated in the top 10% of my class..* Oh graduated? Don't you need to pass the BAR to work after law school!? Yep did that. .* I'm buying a condo. Modest but a step up from burning rent money once a month..* I am busy with two cats I rescued from a no-kill shelter..* I am now an avid contributor to an online comic book collecting blog. .* Life is generally pretty good from day-to-day...What have I learned?..* Sobriety did not immediately cure all my problems but it did enable me to start curing them..* I still have struggles every day of my life but that doesn't make me a unique little snowflake. Everybody else struggles too..* Turns out that I'm a very fun person when sober even at parties where people are drinking. Turns out alcohol was making me less interesting. .* People don't understand alcohol dependency. No matter where you are on the spectrum people outside of this whole sobriety endeavor just don't get it. The so-called "social drinkers" don't get that it could be them too. But that's fine. They don't need to get it. I do. .* I didn't get immediately healthy. It took a lot of root beer cookies and cheeseburger indulging to stay sober. I'm working on that. .* There's no reward from the real world for sobriety. You still have to accomplish things. Stay busy. When you're busy accomplishing things sobriety comes mighty easy. When your hands are idle it's going to be a hell of a fight. ..That's it for now. Take what you like from that. Here's to another 365 days? Nah just focusing on today..
----------immediate responses--------

That was truly inspiring !..Congratulations on those 365 days and all the best for the years to come !
I just loved this post!  Great points and well laid out.  Thanks Drunkwooky...and congrats on one year.
I love this post and your no-nonsense presentation :) Congratulations on your ridiculously large amount of seconds! 
Great read! Thanks for posting. Here's to not drinking today.
Awesome.
Thats some kick ass success! Keep up the great living.
This was a very interesting readthank you! And congratulations on a year and all you have accomplished during it that sounds great!
Excellent post Wook. Thank you for sharing. I've seen plenty of drunk and fucked up Wookies at Phish shows the past 20 years. 
[deleted]
Post saved to my favorites!!..So good for you!! Keep us posted!!
Thank you for this inspirational post.
Keep it up man!!!
Congrats!! Maybe it's time for a new username ;-)
I remember you! Congratulations on a year!!! Awesome :-)
&gt; Sobriety did not immediately cure all my problems but it did enable me to start curing them...This is where I'm at right now after ~2 1/2 months. I feel more awake and aware than I have in a long time although many (most) of the concrete steps I need to take to better my life still need to be taken!..And congrats.
this is the most inspiring post-- thank you!
Great post!..congrats on the year
This was really inspiring for this newbie. Thank you for sharing it and congrats!
Good for you! Your post sounds just like what I've experienced.  I love that you've accomplished so much and you really made me think about my bigger picture.
Congrats!  Keep it up!
I really like your post about a lack of understanding outside of the community. It makes it incredibly tough at times.
Congrats!!!..Happy Bday and Happy Cake Day...I really liked what you typed. That part about the food is so true. For a while my pants hated me being sober. I did slushies almost every day. ..I just hit .2 gigaseconds but I keep it real by doing exactly what you are doing. ..Thanks.c
Awesome! Congratulations! and all very true!
Your post makes me all kinds of happy. Congratulations on all of your success sounds like you have absolutely worked for it and earned every bit of happiness coming your way. :)
Great stuff. Congrats to you. 
I sure do remember you and I absolutely love the update! That is awesome!
Just wanted to say I love this post - and congratulations!
great post life is life and we all still have to live it and it is only through the living that we have a chance to grow. of course I am assuming most of those new things would not have happened had you not stopped drinking. anyway good for you!
:) So proud of you /u/DrunkWookie! 
Congrats! Lots of great stuff in your post but this is the key for me:.&gt;just focusing on today...Keep it up!
Congratulations. Really happy for ypu! Great post especially for me to read today. Day one of my first serious long term sober attempt after trying bits of time off and learning to drink responsibly. You're right people don't understand but I do and that's what I've realised matters too. We'll meaning friends convinced me the other options were better for me. They are not. And my life has suffered as a consequence of delaying doing this properly however I've learnt a lot from my shoter stints of trying and relapsing. So I'm much more confident I can do it this time and for a long time. I know I've tried the other options and they don't work for me I can't be trusted to drink "normally" like my friends think I surely can...I also have a phd to finish and write up I hope I'll be posting in a year to say I've had as much success as you and have graduated.....
