-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ox49j/introduction_and_day_1/

I have been reading posts here over the last few weeks and finding them to be very supportive in helping me face some of my own issues.  I've been a heavy wine drinker for years and have flirted with periods of stopping (3 weeks is my record which I did twice last year) but have always come back to it.  I've been struggling with some depression anxiety and extra 20lbs that I cannot get rid of and I know that quitting will help with all that.  I think my habits first developed as a way to solve my anxiety and insomnia which I have struggled with my whole life - wine became a way to instantly 'sleep' (David Sedaris mentions in one of his stories that more judgmental people call that 'passing out').  My doctor finally prescribed me sleep aids (which are amazing) and I realized I don't have to drink like this anymore.  Ha! What an epiphany.  Plus combining sleep aids and alcohol in any amount terrifies me but i've definitely done it.  Also - in the last couple weeks I've noticed that a family member who struggles with alcohol has been very intoxicated every time I speak to him on the phone which is terrifying.  Then over the weekend a someone I know got wasted and was arrested for her belligerence by the law enforcement agency she works for...so not good.  Then my own behavior has been worrying - nothing traumatic  - just some silly shit or unnecessary arguments with my (new) spouse.  Last night we argued - but today I had to confess I couldn't even remember what the argument was about nor did I remember bringing our 75 lbs dog to bed AND I smoked a cigarette which I had done a really great job of quitting AND despite being pretty buzzed I drove down to the street to the gas station to buy them.   Today I was tired (due to sharing the bed with a wriggly dog arguing and too much wine) I was 5 min late for work which I was reprimanded for and all in all felt pretty shit all day.   I know I am a lot better person than the way I act when I've had too much wine or am tired from overdoing it the night before.  It saddens me that my spouse has to endure any worry or frustration due to my selfish behavior.   Also - now that I'm in my 30s the toll of bad habits on my health is becoming a really big concern and going to the doctor is very stressful because I keep thinking they are going to find something wrong (or something that exposes my dirty secret wine habit). ..Last week I had 4 days "off" and could feel the clouds of depression and anxiety begin to part.  Of course now they are back but I'm frustrated enough that I've decided to stop lurking this subreddit and become a part of this community and hopefully initiate some real change in my life.  ..I threw away the smokes and poured out the wine today.  .Also - I knew you were the group for me when I saw that many of you are equally obsessed with La Croix.  ..Thank you for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Then my own behavior has been worrying - nothing traumatic - just some silly shit..and..&gt;AND despite being pretty buzzed I drove down to the street to the gas station to buy them..Drinking and driving is not silly shit.
Welcome /u/dobradan to r/stopdrinking.  So if you've been lurking and reading I'm pretty sure you've come across the [Baby Steps link which is a post that summarizes some starter steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) based on what worked for me.  Good luck.  
Welcome! Sounds like you are in the right place :). I remember when  it occurred to me that I never have to drink again...and I was finally at the point where a wave of relief washed over me rather than the feeling of terror that thought used to create....Please stick around and post often even if you think you don't have much to share. We're all in this together and you will be freakin amazed at how much better life gets once you stop drinking!
