-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3p03s0/i_may_need_a_therapist_for_this_one_but_yall_are/

Thanks to /u/gelastic_farceur for encouraging me to post.  ..I'm doing well on avoiding booze sticking to "dry people dry places" for the most part and have some good patterns in place.  However I'm really struggling with overcoming my fear patterns about making change in my life and I know that if I don't make some changes the same reasons that kept me drinking are going to keep worrying at me and that will not be good for ensuring continued sobriety.  I'm working on positive self-talk meditation and trying out baby steps for change.  ..Any feedback on what you did to overcome the emotional hurdle of fear and help me get out of my stagnant comfort zone would be greatly appreciated.  I feel like I may have posted about this before a while ago but I feel like I'm on a merry-go-round with this one and really feeling frustrated and inadequate with what I've got in my toolbox.  ..How did you make the big changes once sober deal with the stuff underneath the drinking?  I've got day-to-day pretty well down but I need to work on the monster in my closet.  Am I missing something in my process?  Feels like it.
----------immediate responses--------

I read a lot on cognitive distortions I found that that helped me keep my irrational Lizard brain in check.  
&gt; I'm really struggling with overcoming my fear patterns about making change in my life and I know that if I don't make some changes the same reasons that kept me drinking are going to keep worrying at me and that will not be good for ensuring continued sobriety. I'm working on positive self-talk meditation and trying out baby steps for change...It sounds to me like you are doing a lot of the right things.  For me I found working the AA 12 Steps especially the 4th 5th 6th-10th steps helped enormously in developing techniques for getting at the core conditions and causes of my fears.  I heard a lot of speakers on the subject of fear when I first came into recovery.  One speaker described fear as False Evidence Appearing Real; another presented fear in a series of binary options that resulted in seeing the utter absurdity of our fears for what they are: a loss of control a fear of appearing ridiculous or undignified a lack of honesty and so forth.  Embracing our vulnerabilities ultimately puts us on the path to our full potential and authentic path.  Keep pushing!  We'll be here for you.
Are you in therapy? Something cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) based may help you get out of these patterns...I'm dealing with similar issues. I keep reminding myself that slow and steady is the way to go and applying what I've learned in sobriety to my other struggles. The changes I made in sobriety were slow but profound (over time of course) and things didn't change overnight. I'm trying to remember that this will be the case in other domains as well :)
