-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3p1pt4/overwhelmed_and_cant_think_straight/

I just got out of rehab for the second time in two months on Monday this week. I have only worked about two weeks out of the last two months. I was energized the first two days home but now I'm in a pit. I don't care if I lose my job I want to quit. My doctors were even supportive in agreeing that I have a toxic workplace. Someone I cared about told me I'm doomed and am going to relapse. That hurt. I'm taking antabuse so if I stop now I still have to wait quite awhile before I can drink. That is probably the only thing keeping me from a drink this evening. I don't know how to tell if my mood is a side effect of the antabuse or if I'm just regularly depressed. I haven't gone anywhere today. I also drank a ton of coffee and didn't eat very much so that was also a bad idea. I feel so out of control right now. I interview for a new job Monday in what is hopefully a healthier workplace.  All I know right now is that my anxiety is through the roof. My heart is racing and my hands are shaking. I talked to HR today and told them I would be back Wednesday this coming week. I previously told them Monday. I don't know how I'm going to get through this. 
----------immediate responses--------

I just commented in a post how overwhelming I felt on weekends. Meetings were where I felt safe and found support encouragement and hope. Also fresh air and some exercise helped my anxiety. One day at a time.           .Stay in touch.
You don't have to stay off forever just today. Deal with tomorrow tomorrow! ..Breaking alcohol addiction is TOUGH AS SHIT and you should respect the magnitude of what you are accomplishing by quitting. ..I won't tell you to quit your job but if it is truly toxic to your drinking (IE: not just work stress but actually encouraging you to drink) then you might reconsider your income choices. There are other jobs out there. ..For now find a way to get through the evening. Go watch a movie go to B&amp;N and buy a book pick up your guitar and play your favorite song call that hot girl you've started talking to and invite her out to miniature golf go jogging or pull weeds in your lawn. ..Whatever doesn't matter if it gets you through the night. Any fun you have at all is a bonus! 
I am so glad you posted here. As for someone telling you that you are doomed and going to relapse what was the context of this comment? Personally it doesn't seem very helpful. No one is doomed to relapse although we definitely need strategies to help us along. Maybe the person was trying to be helpful but definitely was not...So I will say it. You are not doomed to relapse. You can put strategies in place to help your sobriety. You have the ability to do this and you can reach out for support to help you with this. Best wishes!
I would personally crawl into a ball in my bed and binge on Netflix to get my mind off of these moments. It's happened in the middle of the day while I was working from home...and that was all I could do...fully dressed...just crawl into a ball hide under the covers and distract myself with a movie until it passed. I'm sorry you're going through this but I've known people I've loved go into rehab twice in a few months...and get committed on a psychiatric hold between the stints in rehab. And they've been sober for the last 5 years. Don't listen to anyone that says you're doomed. 
