-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3p8g3k/one_year/

Well I'm having a much better weekend than I was 365 days ago!..When I first started posting here I couldn't figure out why I kept relapsing. I started trying to get sober in April of 2013 and didn't string together an honest 90 days until around December of 2014. I just couldn't let go of the idea that I'd be able to drink normally (which to me meant getting drunk without consequences) if I just did something different - drank different stuff in a different situation or with different people. It never worked out...Quitting drinking has been a hugely positive decision the best I've ever made. My relationship with my wife is better. My career is going better. My finances while still a wreck are now moving in the right direction. I'm taking better care of myself and starting back up with hobbies that I was always "too busy" (drunk) to do - if you've been in the #stopdrinking chat on the sidebar you've probably already been bored with my rambling about the upright bass...The one thing that I never thought would happen is that I no longer find myself obsessing over alcohol at least not now. It seemed impossible but it has finally happened. It makes things so much easier...I'm going to keep coming back here and reading the collective wisdom of the people here and contribute what little I can. ..Thank you all for your help.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow the 2d anniversary this morning--give me a moment and I'll add you to r/dinos!
Congratulations on one year son_of_dry_cycle.  it has been a real pleasure being a small part of your journey!  keep up the awesome work and keep playing dat bass!!
**High^Five! for 365!**            .Thanks for sharing your anniversary. You are proof that recovery is possible. 
Congrats we are birthday buddies! It too was the best decision for me and have had many of the same positive changes you have.  Isn't it amazing? 
Congrats friend!
Congrats on your year and for all the positive changes that have come as a result :)
Congratulations on your soberversary! ..I can relate to a lot of your post especially your definition of 'normal' drinking.
