-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3phaxm/relapsed_now_back/

Two months ago I calmly walked into a liquor store and purchased a bottle. Since then I have returned to the useless cycle of work drink "sleep". Two weeks ago I started lurking here again reading every post. Now I've worked up the courage to post myself. Let's try this again...I think I went back to drinking because I can't seem to maintain the motivation not too. I know there's no flourishing ending to my story if I don't give up alcohol; the problem is I can't seem to envision any kind of flourishing ending at all...So I'll stop trying for now. Do let's try to have one positive day. I'll act out the day I wish I could just naturally have. This evening I'll stop by a grocery store and buy some green vegetables. Then after returning my kitchen to a state that wouldn't be condemned by the CDC I'll prepare a healthy meal. I used to love doing that. After that maybe I'll try to read a book. I used to do a lot of that as well. Finally I will get into my bed and rest. Sleep can come when it wants if at all. Alcohol does not need to and in fact cannot be a part of this simple plan...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi..Welcome back!!..You can do this!!
Welcome back I am glad you are here! 
&gt; So I'll stop trying for now. Do let's try to have one positive day. I'll act out the day I wish I could just naturally have. This evening I'll stop by a grocery store and buy some green vegetables. Then after returning my kitchen to a state that wouldn't be condemned by the CDC I'll prepare a healthy meal. I used to love doing that. After that maybe I'll try to read a book. I used to do a lot of that as well. Finally I will get into my bed and rest. Sleep can come when it wants if at all. Alcohol does not need to and in fact cannot be a part of this simple plan...This is an excellent Day 1 plan; but if all you do is get to bed sober--you win.
I like your approach of being consciously grateful. I don't rely on pure *motivation* because motivation comes and goes. Some days I can work all day long be incredibly productive and go to bed pumped up to do it all again. Other days I struggle to go through the motions. That's normal that's life but my sobriety can't work like that it has to be consistent regardless of the day's mood...By deliberately taking time out to recognize how much better my life is sans booze I can rationally reaffirm my decisions even when my heart isn't into it. Making a daily habit of this self-affirmation keeps me going. I enjoy sleeping well. I enjoy being active and eating healthy food. I enjoy having a (usually) pretty tidy apartment. I enjoy spending quality time with my spouse. None of that would be possible while drinking.
Are you open to the idea of a 12-step program?  You don't have to do this alone and for some people the journey is easier with a support system surrounding them.  It certainly has been for me.  Going to a meeting gives me a one-day inoculation against taking a drink. 
Welcome back! It sounds like you are putting some good plans in place for day one. And the only thing you need to do today is not drink.
I never could ever stay sober without other sober people in my life and a recovery plan.  I have a had a plan for a while and it continues to work as I realized that my way was not going to win the long war.  
I also have had a hard time imagining a future that honestly seems any better without alcohol. I am hoping it comes with time. Welcome back keep trying. 
Why did you do it?
even sober my kitchen is a hell hole 5 days a week. haha. good luck to you &lt;3 a good meal with soothe your body and soul. be good to yourself. 
in my brother's case it was his pet that kept him sober.  He still benefits from support groups but most of the time it's his dog that's taking up his time and attention. He's young and single I'm so happy how things turned out for him.
Welcome back!
I love this post. I am with you. I relapsed this summer after being sober for a year. Then went really crazy and crazier and finally I'm back here. I feel like you I lost the motivation to stay sober. At first you ride the high of feeling better and not being hung over and feeling good every day and making good decisions. I'm trying to have a plan this time to keep up my motivation. Thanks for sharing. I feel you!
Glad you came back!
Thanks for posting...I think coming up with a plan of action each day like this one is tremendously beneficial in early sobriety.
I like your plan! :D It was traumatizing how gross my kitchen would be some mornings after I just HAD to have that drunken meal of ramen noodles and cheese toast and maybe left over pizza and OH FRIES! and.. then burning the hell out of my hands cause I'm too drunk to handle cooking like a normal person!  Reading is a great distraction and as corny as it sounds I've found so far (in previous attempts haha) that jigsaw puzzles can be comforting.. you know unless you're like me and can't stand when you can't find where that ONE piece goes :P ..You've got this! :) 
Not to spoil any surprise but there is no magical flourishing ending. Whether you drink or stay sober you will still have to live your life. It will be good and it will be bad. It will be joyous and it will be devastatingly sad. By remaining sober you have a chance to live your life healthier and happier and free from the unnecessary pain and suffering that alcohol will inevitably bring you but by doing so you will feel all of the positive and negative emotions that make you a human being having a human experience. Your life is yours and you have one opportunity. Choose to live a useful and positively aware life. Start by cleaning your kitchen and going to bed tonight sober.
