-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pjcw6/48_hours_in/

I'm 28 years old and cannot remember a weekend where I didn't get wasted.  I've actually been diagnosed as bipolar and have used alcohol as an escape an added  medication .  After 10 years of problem drinking I'm ready to soberly face my demons and learn to cultivate mindfulness.  I'm trying to live in the now...I have alcoholism in my family on both sides (and probably undiagnosed mental illness).  I don't know if I am a full-fledged alcoholic right now but I'm certainly on my way.  For years I always binge drank on the weekends to the point of being sick but rarely drank on weekdays.  In the past year however I've been struggling to not get a drink every time I eat out.  One drink always turns into 3 or 4.  Then I have been topping it off with a 5th and sometimes 6th at home.  I'm always the drunkest person at the party every weekend.  ..I've gained 25lbs in the past 3 years due to drinking.  I've never worked out more than I do now sometimes 6 hours a week on the elliptical but I lose 2 lbs. over the week and gain 2 or 3 on the weekend.    This habit is expensive.  I can't afford to keep doing this to myself mentally physically and financially...I am two days into sobriety but I nervous about the weekend.  However I am committed to staying sober for at least a month if not more than that.  I am going to take it day by day.  I've talked it over with close friends who unanimously support me.  Some are even assessing their own relationships with alcohol. I look forward to spending my money on activities: going for hikes playing music bowling reading not making a fool of myself and waking up with regrets and a headache..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome /u/HoneyDoomDoom to /r/stopdrinking--I deal with weekends by doing the same thing I do every day: [the things I describe at the Baby Steps post.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  In this way I can deal with the weekend by dealing with Tuesday then dealing with tomorrow and so forth.  In fact all days in in "Y" are best dealt with each morning in my experience by making a daily resolution not to drink TODAY only.   Good luck to you.
I think we are twins! :) you can definitely do this.. I had 7 months before and especially with being bipolar the huge mental difference is worth it alone! 
I'm 48 hours sober and 28 too. The white knuckling is starting to settle in. I'll hang on for the ride with ya!
I cannot tell you how much sobriety has helped stabilize my bipolar. Like way more than any of the meds I have been on. And I believe in meds! I think that by not drinking I'm actually letting them work properly. I'm also getting proper sleep because drunk sleep doesn't give you the sleep you need to actually rest. Wishing you the best!
Lets just worry about today. I am almost finished with 2 days as well deal with depression and anxiety. I need to only worry about the now we can do this!..
