-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pk6i0/first_sober_evening_and_thank_you_all_for_your/

I read and thought about the comments everyone left in response to my post from this morning all day. I didn't want to post while I was working but I really want you all to know how much it helped me in building up the courage to get home without buying any alcohol (I succeeded)...Throughout the day I did keep thinking that I may as well start being sober on Friday since there is a big party with free cocktails on Thursday that I am obliged to attend. I'm still pretty worried about that actually but I was able to stay sober today by just ignoring it. I'll deal with that later today is difficult enough. I'll probably post about it on Thursday morning and see what people have to say...Lastly I'm reflecting that I'm glad that I'm back here now after a few months rather than a few years. I know that alcohol can and does kill people and often during my relapse I thought that I'd just be one of those people. Reading posts here about people reaching milestones reminded me that people can and do recover as well and maybe I'll be one of those people instead...Thanks as always for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there! been depressed since my binge on saturday. Starting my workouts right now. We're in this together.
Why don't you stay sober until Thursday and then limit yourself to one or 2 cocktails? I know A LOT of people believe in all or nothing but if you think you can moderate give it a try. I have a happy hour I scheduled weeks ago at a brewery tomorrow. I'm limiting myself to ONE drink. Will power is a powerful thing and try your damn-est.
Really proud of you for making it home without stopping to buy any booze!  That point in my day was a huge obstacle for me to overcome every attempt I made at sobriety. I can say that practice makes it easier. As far as Thursday goes it's good to be mindful of it but all you need to do it make it to bed sober tonight. And hopefully tomorrow night. Thursday will worry about itself. Is there any chance for you to forego attending? If you know there will be temptation you'd probably do well to avoid it if you can. If you can't make a plan to get through. Remember we're here and quite handy on mobile.  Maybe have an exit stradegy. 
Always bear in mind: there is no FREE booze.  Someone always pays for the booze and the alcoholic who drinks it pays with his body and brain overdosing on a toxic chemical.
You're amazing for conquering the 'do it' voices on the first day! I am at the end of day four and not one day have I not thought longingly about stopping for alcohol. I'm not feeling perfect but so much better and so glad I haven't given in thus far. Today was today and I won. Tomorrow is tomorrow and I know you can and will win. Keep checking in here reading the posts it will give you strength. Do whatever it takes to make it another day sober because you are worth it! You got this!
