-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pq82v/day_2_my_mind_sounds_like_a_broken_record/

All I've been thinking all day is "I will not drink tonight" the my mind throws in a million reasons to do it. Then its back to saying I won't. This sub has been incredibly helpful so far but the temptation to say I'll give it a shot another time is strong. Thinking well maybe I can reward myself tomorrow with a drink is continuous but I guess I'll deal with that one tomorrow. I am figuring out my plan and still feel like I want to do this without having to tell friends and family or going to meetings. Seeing everyone here talk about meetings so much and how helpful they are has eased my mind some on the possibility of going but I'm still unsure. Thank you to everyone that responded to my first post those responses were literally what got me out of bed this morning after a very restless night and waking up knowing today would be a struggle. 
----------immediate responses--------

on day 2 everything in my brain was screaming at me. i felt like i had failed. my body wanted to drink. my mind was telling me all the wrong things. somehow i just didn't. you need to have an out of body fucking intervention for this shit. you just don't drink. everything inside you is telling you to drink. but you just don't. those early days are hell and you'll get through em like a champ. i believe in you.
That voice will get quieter and quieter over time and one day it will pretty much disappear. Think of it as a toddler throwing a tantrum cause he's not getting what he wants. Ignore him!..I'm really glad you're here. You've been commenting and offering solid advice to lots of other posters already....feels like you've been here much longer than one day!  If there's one thing I've noticed on this sub the more you comment and post the likelier you are to succeed. So you're doing a damn fine job so far &lt;3 
Just don't drink today. 24 hours of sobriety at a time. It's really tough in the early days. That self destructive thing within us throws a tantrum and will try anything to get us back into that dark place. You're doing a great job! 
