-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pum1j/made_it_past_the_turning_point/

This is my first post here.  I started lurking about a month ago or so.  I've been a heavy drinker for the past decade+ with rarely a night going by where I didn't consume at least a couple of beers and as the years carried on that started leaning more toward a half liter of vodka gin or whatever the bottle of the night was.  I've known deep down that I've had a problem for years but stopping has always been. so. hard...And how silly is that?  It's somehow hard to /not/ do something?  That doesn't make any sense.  Maybe we should think on it.  And drink on it.  Or so the pattern went...Earlier this year I started actually going to the doctor for checkups for the first time in my adult life.  When I was visiting an urgent care center for flu-like symptoms earlier my blood pressure was high for the first time in my life.  My belly had also accumulated an extra 20-30 lbs.  I realized - I was starting to "let myself go" as it were.  Unsurprisingly my liver enzyme readings were and have been elevated...Something has to be done...Or I'm going to die...It was months after I decided that I need to stop drinking before I started to take action.  It was so hard to not pick up another bottle of wine or liquor if I knew that I didn't have any at the house.  I hated myself.  I hated everything.  Those bottles just filled with hatred.  The alcohol was drinking me draining my life away...By chance I stumbled across a video perhaps it was here on Reddit somewhere.  It was a link to a documentary from National Geographic called Drugged - High on Alcohol.  It struck a chord with me strongly.  I was drinking up to fully a third of what the person in the documentary was consuming.  It was like watching what I knew that I was becoming.  It was heartbreaking and I started to reflect on myself...I didn't hate myself.  I hated what I was doing to myself...So I started looking for resources.  And I found this subreddit.  I started lurking just reading everyone's stories.  Everyone's struggles.  My struggles that other people are going through.  Thank you all for sharing your experiences - I'm sure that countless others that are watching find solace as well...I got a badge a few weeks ago.  I didn't know how serious I was going to take it.  I lasted a couple of days I think.  So I reset and tried again.  A couple more days this time.  I (apologetically) reset again.  Made it five days before faltering.  And I realized about this time that I really needed to start my attempt on the right day because I generally do okay until about 2-4 PM and if I'm feeling vulnerable around that time when I'm at work there's just no way I can make it home without picking up a bottle on the way.  So I took my last drink on Wednesday the 14th.  This gave me enough time to have it just a little rough on Thursday night - Friday afternoon but bearable and I could just suffer through the weekend...At the same time I came down with a head cold starting Friday night.  Coughing sneezing runny nose the whole mess.  And this is the weird thing - I had no desire to drink.  Not even the slightest craving.  I don't know if it was the infection or the cold medicine (non-alcoholic NyQuil / DayQuil) or the previous "practice runs" or something else but I made it through the hardest part of this attempt with relative ease.  I'm kind of scared that it's going to creep up on me in the next few days but for now at least I'm on the right road.  Last night I even slept for a full 7 hours straight through - I haven't done that in YEARS!..So /r/stopdrinking thank you for being there for me and for everyone.  My badge did its first level-up last night.  I don't know if or when I'm going to falter again but I look forward to hanging out here...Take care all.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
LEVEL UP!  Well done friend!  And welcome!
Getting that first week is SO huge. Excellent work!
Great stuff! The first week was the hardest for me. If you can do one week you can do a week and a day...before you know it you'll be at two weeks. Imagine how good it feels to sleep well for 7 nights in a row! IT'S GONNA BLOW YOUR MIND!
