-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3px9ul/i_went_back_out/

After 8 months of continuous sobriety I drank last night. I planned it all day. I had 4 beers threw up called my boyfriend. Have a hangover that but mostly I just want to stop relapsing. How can I really get long term sobriety if I can't admit to myself that I really want to stop no more "just tonight" things. Fuck dude. Thanks for being there for me today SD.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting. It helps to remind me to remain vigilant. And it is awesome that you are back!
Glad you're back at it. What did you do to stay sober for 8 months?
The only way I know to stop drinking and get sober is to follow directions.  The only directions that specifically work for me are in the [ideas at the Baby Steps post.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)..BTW I want to reiterate something I forget to say sometimes that might mean a little more to you today.  Sober is not just the old me subtracting out alcohol.  True sobriety is a whole new way of life a different dimension full of opportunities to become your authentic self.  This is not a rubber room of sketchy old men and women shakily holding styrofoam cups of bad coffee--this is an amazing colorful world where I get to drop the rock of my obsession over my next drunk and live parts of my existence that I only half-sensed were there to begin with...Good luck.
Hang in there.  A year ago today I relapsed after having over a year of sobriety under my belt.  There have been quite a few rough days in the last year but what helped me is making the commitment each morning to not drink for the day (a la /u/coolcrosby).  Sending you hugs.
Welcome back!!! We love you!!!..What I've found works most for me and for most is that we don't have to do it alone. Nobody has to do it alone. The next time the desire to make those plans comes up the response can then be one of "maybe I should run this by someone first..."..I'll never try to stop you and I'll never force you into a recovery program like AA (although I may strongly suggest it if I feel it's the right action) but I will be honest with you. Next time you're planning this PM me and I'll be happy to listen. I'm sure anyone here will respond in kind.
[removed]
Congratulations on 8 months...&gt;  I planned it all day...How?  What tape were you playing in your head all day long?  Were you cognizant of the tape playing but said fuck it anyway?  Did you have other parts of you that wanted not to drink?..The thing to remember is that you DID NOT fail.  You produced a result that was predicated on your coping strategies at the time; perhaps you did the best you could.  Those nagging fuck it feelings are a huge opportunity to break though previous behavior patterns...What can you learn about yourself from this situation and can you create strategies that will help you in the future?..Welcome Back!!!
8 months is pretty long term!  I'd look at what I did to make it that far and what I did to lose it.  Do more of the former and less of the latter.  
I finally accepted that I don't really want to stop. Getting sober is also not my goal. My reason for quitting is to stop the negative consequences of my drinking and after 35 years of drinking I really have no evidence that it is going to change. My goal with quitting is to live life fully. I am OK with that now. 
Eight months is impressive. Get back up dust yourself off and live your life. 
[deleted]
