-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3pyzmu/wine_and_me_a_trial_separation/

Good evening folks. I've been an occasional lurker for about six months but this is my first post. Let me say at the outset that I've been through many posts here and I'm overwhelmed by the supportive nature of this group. I don't know that I've ever encountered such kindness humility and authenticity anywhere else on the internet (or in real life for that matter) - which is a big part of the reason I finally got up the courage to post. That and because I'm finally ready to commit to at least a period being alcohol-free. 43 days is my first goal the number of days until my next marathon actually. What happens after that - I'm not sure at this point. I hope that's OK. Forever just seems a bit extreme right now. ..I'm female 40s - outwardly successful and healthy and fit. I have drank socially / moderately since late teens / early 20s with many periods during my late 20s and 30s where I hardly touched booze at all. Save for a few binges in college I've always felt in control of my consumption and considered myself a normal drinker. I never obsessed about drinking and could pretty much take it or leave it. Boring story I know. But here's the rub: In the last few years - really since hitting 40 - I've been increasingly uncomfortable with my relationship with wine. (Wine and expensive champagne are my booze of choice.) I have found myself drinking more frequently and in greater quantities and for reasons I don't like - to take the edge of work stress to dull the pain of broken relationships from the past and being lonely (I'm single no kids never married - high pressure job) to get through awkward social situations (work functions etc.) to quiet the perfectionist voice in my head the one who berates me for gaining a pound or eating a treat or for any of my real or perceived daily failures. I have also spent entirely too much time and energy THINKING about drinking wondering if I've got a problem etc. (Hence the lurking here.)  ..I've read enough of your stories to know that it's a slippery slope from social drinker to problem drinker. And that one needn't wind up on skid row to have true problem.  The fact that I run nearly every morning has been a great moderating force - I rarely drink so much that I feel hung over and unable to carry on with my day. I guess you could say my running is a bit of an addiction as well. And I only half kiddingly have said if I didn't run I would develop a much more unhealthy addiction. My fear is that if I don't hit the panic button now that may come to pass. ..So after a bit of over-indulgence last night and a healthy amount of self-loathing this morning I've decided on a trial separation from alcohol. I just want to take the whole decision to drink out of the equation for a while and see how I feel mentally and physically. ..I hope it's OK that I posted here. I know my struggles are trivial compared to what many of you are going through but I think all of us who battle a craving on any level - whether its a skirmish or an all out war - are on the same team. ......
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. I too was enjoying the wine and champagne a little too much and I don't have a really big story I have never drove drunk or done anything too terrible but I was starting to think I was a bit old to behave like an idiot and get into arguments. I started a 21 day reset and kept going. I have learned a lot about myself so far. I have also explored why I was drinking too much and how to handle my emotions in other ways. I am not saying never to another drink though I have read and considered every relapse story on here in the past year with caution.  I run can't say I have got a lot faster though got a 12 miler tomorrow morning!  .Best wishes with your trial separation. There is lots of help and advice here if you find it useful to keep count you can  request a badge from the sidebar. :)
I'm mid 30s moderately successful definitely no runner but I also wasn't living under a bridge having liver failure before I quit drinking...so I'm glad to read that there is awareness that a person doesn't need to be on skid row to be an alcoholic. ..I lurked here and on for a while before I posted and before I finally quit...but then I needed to consider the following: ..Why did I feel the need to find a subreddit called /r/stopdrinking?..What happens when I drink?..What are the costs/benefits of quitting?..I realized for me that someone who doesn't have a drinking problem isn't looking for an entire group called "stopdrinking" or examining the amount of drinking I do...or how frequently or excuses for continuing the behavior.....I realized I had a problem.  ..Not everyone has that experience.  Many people come on here and try 30 or 90 days sober...then reevaluate their situation...and sometimes we never hear from them again.  ..And other people get a sobriety badge...and struggle and need to start over various times before they succeed if they stick with it.  (Example: as of this moment the stats displayed are: Last 7 days: 157 new badges 218 badge resets)..StopDrinking: "This reddit is a place for redditors to motivate each other to control or stop drinking."..If you desire to control or stop drinking and you are not currently intoxicated then yes it is most certainly ok for you to post here.  ..This is a GREAT resource and there are lots of useful links stories and information on the sidebar and I'm sure you know that since you've been watching for a while.  ..I wish you success in whatever venture and direction you choose and I envy your dedication to running and physical fitness. Have a great weekend..
First of all: thank you for posting. It takes a lot to really put into words the issues we all go through and you've vocalized a lot of the emotions and thoughts I go through myself. I love wine as well - too much; I come from a family of alcoholics so whenever I think about drinking or want to drink I THINK about the potential problems that will come of it. .I am right there with you in a lot of ways. I'm in my early twenties and am about to start a very demanding job in Corporate America that involves a lot of problem-solving and socializing - all I want to do is drink and wine is definitely my poison. Sometimes I feel stuck in my relationship and I understand loneliness. You could try to find an outlet to socialize outside of work - then maybe you'll stop needing the wine? Shrug..Otherwise welcome and good luck with the break!..
Hi there and welcome..I think the loneliness of work and no partner and children got to me in my 30s and then being a sole parent in my 40s was the slippery slope for me.  No one could see what was going on and surely no one could work it out - doh!  So here I am admitting I'm an alcoholic and in awe of the fact that you're taking a break now.
Ooh please come on over to /r/sdrunners! Please?
Welcome! I have only felt better since stopping. I have no doubt that i have a problem with alcohol  wine being my choice of poison as well. One day after over imbibing  I said enough. My son who was trying to quit smoking left the site (reddit) up on our laptop. I saw it and thought if there was a site to help stop smoking there may be a site to stop drinking.  That was 88 days ago. Very happy to have found this site. Good luck to you.
Are you me?? I have a very similar story. Welcome! 
For me I am mid/late 20s successful career-wise never gotten a DUI never lost a relationship am not an angry or rude drunk (a bit...ahem...boisterous lol) but in general the 6-12 beers a day I drank except on the weekends when it could go up to 18 never really affected me in some dramatic fashion save 20 some odd pounds i've gained...But the truth is that for me none of those things happened ***yet***.  Maybe they never would have but the other thing that I hated that drove me here was that I was tired of all the math and planning.  "Ok I've had 5 beers over a 2 hour period can I run to the grocery store for my girlfriend without having to admit I am too drunk to drive" or "I told her I'd be cutting back to 2 beers a night so I'll get 2 24-oz with 8 abv to maximize the alcohol intake while minimizing what it looks like i'm drinking."  and finally "Ok I'll get 3 24-oz @ 8 abv drink 2 in the car before coming up then tell her I decided on only one"..See in my experience it wasn't a major life event it was just a bunch of little stuff that when added together created a picture I wasn't too fond of actually that I rather loathed...It seems you came to the same conclusion that I have which is that I'm not currently in trouble with this but that it doesn't take much to look to the distant future and say that if I can get this under my hands now it will save me a GREAT deal of heart ache...Also welcome!
I will just add/note that if drinking leaves you feeling worse/bad about yourself and undermines your confidence sense of self-worth etc that is a big enough reason to stop even if there are no other more direct/measurable consequences. For me these sometimes subtle but very powerful episodes of feeling "not good enough" were impacting my life in many different areas little by little.
Welcome. I'm 51 and stopped drinking  2 weeks ago. I was a real wino.  The noise those bottles would make when the garbage man came to pick up. The last two pick ups  were like nothing I've ever heard before. Please keep us updated and have a great run. 
Welcome! I came here for a trial separation from wine too! My initial goal was 30 days and the first time I made it 14 days and it took me almost three more months of drinking before I came back. I'm so glad I did. You are right this place is very unique it's the most supportive and least judgmental corner of the Internet I've ever seen! ..I wish you the best of luck in your trial separation and your marathon training. I am a little less than halfway through couch to 5k and have a healthy respect for long distance runners! 
Hi 26.2 - your story is like mine except I'm 10 years older and retired. You have accurately described the slippery slope of habitual drinking - good luck in your trial separation!..PS: I have known lots of athletic folks with alcohol and/or food issues. When they quit the workouts the situation goes down hill fast...Good Luck~
I don't post here much myself but I just wanted to chime in and say that a lot of what you said resonated with me (professional woman early 30's high pressure job). My last drink was August 9. I initially wanted to refrain from drinking for the rest of August then a full 30 days. After 30 days though I didn't know what to do. I did 30 days of no drinking in January then attempted moderate drinking. However I quickly found reasons to throw moderate drinking out the window...On September 8 I went to my first AA meeting. I've enjoyed a lot of what I've heard there and what I've read in the Big Book of AA. I don't really trust myself to drink moderately so I keep going back to AA. For me it's encouraging to hear the stories of others who used to drink who no longer drink yet somehow miraculously they are still happy. It's been encouraging to see that there is still a world out there still people who have fun without drinking. Before that I found posting in the Moderation Management forums very helpful as well. ..I also enjoyed reading Carolina Knapp's Drinking A Love Story and Sarah Hepola's Blackout -- both about a high-achieving "successful" woman's relationship with alcohol.
