-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3q0m46/mental_illness_and_addiction/

I've read a fair amount of post about mental illness and addiction on this sub and I wanted to share my experience if that's okay. I thought it might be helpful for me to share a little bit more about myself parts that are quite vulnerable but things I have decided not to feel shame about anymore...I have both bipolar and specifically specifically social anxiety and/or generalized anxiety disorder. These diagnoses suck in that they play a roller coaster on my emotions and I spent years trying to self medicate especially using alcohol. ..While I sought medical psychological and psychiatric assistance I was never really 100% honest about my drinking which hampered my progress. I was embarrassed. How could someone like me a special snowflake have alcoholism! I have a good job I am a mental health professional or whatever else I thought made me so special that I had to keep this information from the people treating me. (Putting on a front was so important to me I actually dressed in work clothes for these appointments to show how "high functioning" I was.)..Well after decades of roller coaster emotions due to bipolar in particular which in combination with alcohol (and booze mixed with prescription meds) led to suicidal thoughts and attempts as well as self harm I decided to stop drinking for real this time. I have over 200 days today...And while my bipolar has not magically disappeared I cannot tell you how much my mood has improved. I have the occasional stint of depression where I need to really look after myself but without alcohol my brain is stabilizing and my meds are actually working properly. Furthermore I'm getting real rejuvenating sleep not drunken sleep which helps my moods even more. ..I post on the bipolar sub and there I share that three things help me the most in managing this disorder. Those three things are structure sleep and sobriety. Conveniently they all start with S so it's easy to remember!..I also self-medicated anxiety using alcohol pot and over using prescription medication. Anxiety was debilitating as in I could not even leave my house for at least 3 weeks in early sobriety. I felt like a failure and that these feelings would last forever. They didn't. While I am still an anxious person my anxiety has gotten so much better that I kick myself for not stopping drinking earlier. ..Yes I still feel anxious & I still get racing thoughts before bed. But I have moments of stillness that I don't recall having ever before. Moments where I actually notice that I have no anxiety. During these moments I think this is what people without anxiety feel every day! And it makes me a little sad. But then I feel proud because my anxiety has gotten better through better self care practices and most of all not drinking...So I am being selfish in my post because it helps to get this stuff off my chest although I definitely have talked about it in comments on this sub before. But I also wanted to let others who struggle with psychiatric diagnoses that you are not alone. There are a lot of us on this sub! ..And it seems to me that the overwhelming sentiment is that sobriety helps. It doesn't make life sunshine and roses it doesn't take away all of our problems it doesn't make our diagnoses go away necessarily but in my humble experience sobriety is the best thing that has happened to my mental health...So speaking from the I the best thing I did for myself was stop drinking. A primary motivation to stop drinking was to actually stabilize my mental health. And it has worked.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Yes I still feel anxious &amp; I still get racing thoughts before bed. But I have moments of stillness that I don't recall having ever before..Great post ddc this is also my experience--including the part where I never was honest with mental health professionals about my use and abuse of alcohol.  ..I would simply add with sustained time sober my experience of overall improvement continued.
Thank you for sharing this. I've also come to see that being sober really helps with my mental illnesses - it doesn't make them go away but at least I have a fighting chance now.
Great post thanks for posting it. There is no magic pill for life but sobriety definately helped my life get better. 
My son is mentally ill (more along the lines of BPD though he has been diagnosed at various times with bipolar and Schizo Affective disorder) and he is also an addict-how I wish he could make better choices...Was there a particular event in your lives (this is to all the posters) that turned things around for you all? I am losing hope for him and his future...
Congrats on 7 months! My experience has been similar. I self-medicated PTSD-related anxiety hypervigilance and insomnia with alcohol. Getting sober didn't totally make those problems go away but it helped. More importantly I feel like I have a much better grip on how to take care of myself now. I'm aware of my own emotions and I self-soothe. It's been a pretty life-changing difference. I feel like the big lesson I've taken away from recovery so far is that numbing myself with substances is not self-care it's only self-destruction. 
Thank you for this. I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety when I was 12. I've had horrible post partum depression as well. About a year ago I was diagnosed with bipolar 2. Since then I've been running from that label and since I've been self medicating since the age of 15(Just turned 40) who knows what is what. I've only been completely honest with one counselor and of course she wanted to talk about my drinking but I wasn't ready for that then. I'm excited to see how my mental health improves without alcohol.
Why does mental illness and alcohol abuse seem to be linked? I'm depressed and I suspect bi2 (yet to meet the shrink regarding that) but there's no doubt I'm gonna fuck up big if I enter the wondrous world of the spirits. I haven't been a drinker all my life (21 aca) but my reaction always seems to be "man I need a drink".*red flag* :(
