-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3q69hd/i_might_be_one_of_the_unfortunates/

Last night I had a talk with my sponsor and we decided that maybe I am not ready to stop drinking. I have relapsed a few times now since my first relapse I can't even pick up thirty days anymore. I find any excuse not to stick to the program. I am my own worst enemy. I don't know what to do. I just feel like i was given up on even though I know that I wasn't. She did everything that she could do to help me stay sober. My sobriety is all on me. Of course after that talk I went out and drank  and I just want to go out again right now. But at the same time I really don't. I know I should and need to stop. I don't know why I just can't stop drinking when I have every single resource in my reach. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you tried a different sponsor? Everyone has different approaches and although I have no doubt she gave it her all - maybe a different perspective or approach would appeal to you better? ..Have you tried therapy in addition to AA or other meetings? ..Who do you live with? If there's someone else in your home can you ask for help? Sometimes having an accountabilibuddy can help in the first stages of sobriety. ..You say you "can't even pick up 30 days anymore" so I take it there was a time where you did this normally? has anything changed? 
No one is ever ready to stop drinking but you have to do it anyway. ..Have you tried anything other than AA? AA doesn't work for everyone but there are plenty of other resources out there to help you. I think it's really shitty that your sponsor agreed with you on not being ready to stop drinking-- that's total bullshit and I'd suggest perhaps looking for a new sponsor.
I relapsed a whole bunch at first - I didn't pick up an honest 90 days sober in my first 18 months. In retrospect I didn't want to stop drinking but I really wanted bad shit to stop happening to me. My relapses came from me not realizing that I had lost the ability to control my intake of alcohol and that drinking would inevitably lead me back to where I was before...I picked up a year sober last week. I have no desire to drink anymore at least not most days. I don't obsess over it anymore. ..I was a serial relapser too. If I can do it why not you?..
At this point I needed an addiction counsellor. My counsellor in rehab was very tough but kind. I needed a specialist a lot of care and constant support.
&gt; I don't know why I just can't stop drinking when I have every single resource in my reach...The only way that I know how to stop drinking is to be honest open minded and willing to [follow directions.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  It's sort of like a DIY project where I have all the tools and I know what I want to build but I don't follow directions.  I might even build an approximation of what I intend but my way never works in the long run.
I've stayed sober with zero involvement in AA. I'm decidedly Atheist and would be lying if I said I believed in any higher power. I found the "we agnostics" part of the BB to be offensive...Just because AA is the most popular program doesn't mean that it's the best...I personally did inpatient at a Dual Diagnosis CBT based rehab. Drinking was a symptom of my problems not the cause...Look for something else. SMART Recovery LifeRing Rational Recovery. I have a long list of issues with AA.
&gt;My sobriety is all on me...Others can help us but yes: it's up to us to take the action. There are plenty of people who get sober without any resources - homeless mental illness no support. Not saying it's easy or probable but it's a question that we're faced with over and over: do I want to stay sober more than I want to drink?
