-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3q6mia/yeah_i_fucked_up/

I've already submitted the badge reset request. I'm just a little hungover right now- I hope that counts as sober because god damn I need to hear from some friendly voices who know what this is like!..I didn't want to come clean about this. I felt like I'd be letting people down and I had a bad time the last time I was open about having to reset my badge...But then I thought- what if somebody needs to hear about a relapse right now? What if somebody needs to relate to my weakness and not my strength right now?..I'm so scared you guys. I keep drinking lately and I feel like it's out of my control. I don't understand why I was able to stay sober for so long and yet lately I keep slipping into it. Most nights I'll have a couple forties and nothing will happen but then some nights I'll go wild and walk to the local bars for shots. And of course I feel worthless even if nothing bad happens. I just have that association with drinking now. And feeling worthless feeds the fear and the cycle. I've created this wonderful life for myself in sobriety and I just know I'm going to flush it all down the toilet if I keep this up!..I feel like this relapse is worse than the last one because it was building for longer. Like a big wave it just had more behind it and it's taking a lot longer to wash over me. I keep telling myself I have the tools and the know-how to stop this but I haven't...So I'm here. I admit defeat. I don't know how to stop this. But I'm pretty sure it starts here..
----------immediate responses--------

I've been hungover all day :/.I feel worthless too. ..Hang in there. Any ideas on what you could do differently this time to quit the sauce?
[removed]
Admitting defeat is a good place to start.  After I admitted defeat I changed everything when I became willing to follow directions: that's what the [instructions at the Baby Steps did for me.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
For what it's worth thank you for posting this. It reminds me to remain vigilant about my own sobriety...There's an apple orchard up the road from here - a couple of the guys at work were raving about one of it's specialities - apple cider donuts. I've never heard of such a thing so I was intrigued. "Oh by the way they have free samples of their hard cider!!" - Hard cider used to be one of my favs and the comment has been banging around in my head for the last few days as my Lizard Brain tried to find a rationalization I'd accept...I've been avoiding the trip up the road this weekend even though the donuts are still calling me. I'll probably go next weekend but thanks to your admission/reminder I'll pass on the "free" samples...Thanks again!.
Sorry about the hangover but I really admire your openness and determination. It's not how many times I  get knocked down but how many times I get up that matters to me. Thanks for thinking of the people on here who'll learn from your experience and I hope you make it to bed sober tonight. That's all we've got to do today.
I know I"m not an authority here.  I tried last week and went 5 days sober and went off the rails Friday night.  Fifth of vodka plus two 24 lite beers.  Shotgunned in about 90 mins.  I was trying to get a buzz before my girlfriend came home.  Next morning I kinda woke up at 11:30 and vomited so hard my nose was bleeding and popped blood vessels in my eyes.  Even worse I drove drunk to get more booze and food and ran over our driveway reflector.  She discovered it and to her credit maturely addressed her concern.  Two days in on this run.  We can all do this!
Oof I remember that... Feeling really worthless. I drank to make the feelings of worthlessness go away and then the day after I always felt more worthless even if nothing bad had happened. Feeling really guilty and a bit panicked and not really understanding what I'd done to earn those feelings...It was a vicious cycle for sure. I think I also felt like if nothing catastrophic happened then it also wasn't "worth it" to try to change anything. But looking back on it now feeling worthless is actually a huge consequence psychologically. It's a horrible feeling.
I would really like to know what happened.  When someone who has been sober over a year relapses I always wonder why. ..What happened? Did things in your life happen? Anything notably bad or notably good? What were you feeling in the weeks or months before your relapse? What were you thinking in the weeks or months before your relapse?..For how long have you been relapsing?
Guilt and shame; guilt and shame - story of my life.  Now I have a big splint on my arm and when I explain how it happened and omit the drinking part I see the disbelief on people's faces.  ..Even though I am anxious today I will not drink.  I hear you girl you are back on the wagon.  Just keep talking to us.  I have HUGE admiration for your 810 days.  I've never done anything like that.
I came back from a serious relapse myself a few years ago. Admitting defeat was paramount. To surrender. To enter meetings sit in the front row and shut the hell up listening to those who had been able to put some space between them and the bottle. It's not the time to be choosy and pick our way. It is about following the path of those who made some progress. To stop this all you need to do is stop!
Sometimes I feel like booze is always there waiting to slip in the cracks and that without vigilance those thoughts can plant a seed that grows. 
I am glad you posted here. And I'm glad that after this relapse you are getting back on the horse so to speak. For some people relapse is part of the process. The challenging part is that relapsing can make sobriety that much more painful in terms of withdrawal etc. So I used that is a motivating factor because I was on the relapse train for years.
Hi Squidward... so glad to see you asking for help.  I've been down this road myself as you may recall.  The stuff you did the first time around to stop and stay stopped still works.  You know how to stop.  It's the day to day stuff that is hard or at least was always hard for me.  Whenever I catch myself looking ahead to a lifetime of sobriety and feeling a sense of dread (because drinking every day was SO FUN amirite) I remember that I am breaking one of the cardinal rules of how to stay sober: I am not living in the moment.  Hope to hear more from you soon. 
I just find out one of your comments is the highest comment ever in SD...You can do this!!   =)..&gt;Baha you said mother scratching. You don't want me to bring none of this fool you don't know who you're talking to. Your ass better call somebody...&gt;I'm so sober when I visit my neighbor his golden retriever has a moment of clarity. I've had relapse dreams that would make you wet the bed sober. When they told me to do twelve steps I did thirteen. So you say Jesus can turn water into wine? I'm so sober I turn wine into water. I didn't quit drinking; drinking quit me. I've got more coping strategies than days on my badge. When I quit drinking Scotland changed the name of scotch to "pointless". When I wake up I've got three things on my agenda... win win and oh yeah WIN. My sponsor calls me for support. I've got so much serenity Joss Whedon tried to sue for copyright infringement. When I announced I was switching to lime and tonics Canada Dry launched an advertising campaign in my backyard. On the day I quit the alcohol in my cabinet turned into hydrogen peroxide. I have to have someone else pump my gas because ethanol can't maintain cohesion in my aura. My higher power can beat up your higher power...&gt;WHAT..
