-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3q7j40/first_ever_group_meeting_tonight_nervous_and/

I attended a relapse prevention meeting run by my local hospital 5 days ago. It was more like a PowerPoint presentation with a little bit of discussion. All I said the whole time was "I'm Ben and this is my first time here." There were only about 10 people in total and the majority of them seemed to be there by court order and not committed to recovery. They were excitedly talking about only having x number of meetings left to do... Tonight I'm attending a SMART meeting for the first time ever. Never done AA NA or even seen an addiction counselor(I'm seeing a counselor tomorrow but I've done that before just not for addiction)...For at least a year I've been thinking about attending a group meeting but only knew of AA and NA. I always convinced myself it will just be a room full of old junkies or drunks reminiscing about the old days but thanking God and Jesus for saving them. I'm not religious and I just kept telling myself "you're a functional user you're not that far gone you're strong enough to do this on your own you don't need that higher power BS." I was also scared because just going to a group meeting would be admitting I really do have a problem...I still don't feel I need to surrender to a higher power. But being part of the community this sub provides and hearing about other people like me their ups and downs and success with group meetings has shown me I definitely DO have a problem and maybe I could fix it on my own but having the help of others is too good a tool to pass up. It's like I have 1000 screws to put into a piece of wood; sure I could do it with a hand screwdriver but it would be a lot easier with an electric one. I'll probably finish the job either way but maybe I won't? Maybe doing it by hand will be too hard maybe I'll give up? 'Who cares I didn't need to build that thing anyway.'..I don't really know what my point is in all this I'm just sharing in case someone out there is at a similar place to me and feels alone...I'm still nervous and apprehensive about what this meeting will be like what the members will be like am I going to cry the whole time will I gain anything from this etc. But I realised I've got nothing to lose by going other than 90 minutes of my evening. I mean for the past few years I've been making the whole evening go by in a rapid blur every day. What's 90 minutes today?.. I know I won't get all the sober tools I need in 1 meeting. I know a switch won't magically flip in my head allowing me to stay sober. I know everyone there might have gone way deeper than I did or I might be the person with the lowest rock bottom. I might not like a single person there...I will look for the similarities to me though not the differences and I'll give it a go. Worst case scenario; I look for another meeting try a different organisation (AA) or just stick with 1 on 1 counseling. But I am really excited that this might be the beginning of the rest of my new life! At the very least it's a step in the right direction and all I have to lose is 90 minutes. But at least it will be 90 sober minutes...Thanks for listening. I'm not drinking today and it feels good...Edit: I almost forgot thank you to the SD community for all your support and help. Without this sub I don't know if I ever would have reached this realisation.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm excited for you! I think the same thing about spending my time in a meeting. I spent HOW much time drinking? Surely I can spend an hour at a meeting. 
Let us know how it goes.  
Sounds like you're going in super open-minded that's great. Let us know how it goes. I am still apprehensive about going to a meeting but am starting to open up to the idea. 
I just got back from the SMART meeting and it was really good. Like really good! It feels so good to talk to people from many walks of life but actually understand the way I feel... I'm actually feeling high on life right now so I'm just gonna enjoy a happy sober night. I'll make a new thread with detailed thoughts on it tomorrow. 
