-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qc00y/one_year/

It is crazy to think that a year ago today I woke up and got drunk enough in the morning to check myself into rehab.  Alcoholism is a ruthless heartless detriment that completely stole my life for a number of years.  I had been told to stop for years but on the morning of October 26th 2014 I had realized it myself.  I was done.  I could not muster the energy to endure the pain anymore.  I had to stop drinking or simply stop being.  I now sit here a year later experiencing the fruitfulness and success that only sobriety could have brought me.  The past year I have gotten my life together in so many different areas and I could not be more thankful to be sitting in the position that I am today.  There are many more obstacles to overcome in life but for today I am grateful to be sober.  Sobriety will be a lifetime struggle and something I will continually have to put effort in.  For those that are wrestling with the clutches of alcoholism and trying to get sober do it.  Do or do not.  There is no try.  It is a difficult road and something that takes courage and perseverance but it is a beautiful world on the other side and there is so much more to life than another drink.  It takes one moment of humility to change the rest of your life.  I do not know you and probably never will but we share a common bond and I love ya.  Best of luck all of you.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations you just became the Baby DINO!  Check your inbox for an invite.
HOORAY!!!
Congrats!  That is a great achievement.
congrats!
&gt;Do or Do Not There is no try..Thank you for this Master Revan your knowledge is thousands of years ahead of your time..Also congratulations keep it up :-)
Yeehaw great work. 
Congratulations!
Thanks for sharing and congrats!
&gt;It takes one moment of humility to change the rest of your life...Wow.  Thank you for sharing this!
Congrats!!!  That was a great read.  
Well done!!
