-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qje32/drinking_and_depression_my_horrible_experiment/

I relapsed last Friday.  The worst thing for me is not the hangover or the guilt - it's the depression that follows.  I had a rough 24 hours after putting the last drink down.  The depression can last 24 to 36 hours....and boy is it horrible...Simply this: I can have the same thought when sober or drunk - and when drunk the negative feelings that follow that thought are so much deeper so much stronger - it's not even funny.  When sober the same thought can come through my head and my feelings are milder - more controllable.
----------immediate responses--------

Your post really resonates with my experience. Depression sucks. I don't know how to put it more eloquently but I definitely have suffered deep lows. I have a diagnosis of bipolar and when the lows get low they get really low. But they are far more manageable with sobriety. The coping tools that I learned in sobriety I can actually use to manage my depression and anxiety. It was when I combined my depression and alcohol when things hit the fan so to speak. &amp; I wasn't able to really properly treat my depression when I was drinking. I was messing up my brain too much personally. I wish you the best and I hope you keep posting!
Yup. I've found it's much easier to maintain a more even emotional keel without introducing all sorts of external substances into the chemical equation. Can't control how I feel all the time but I can control what I do about it. Keep it up!
Whenever we get those posts that ask: what don't you miss most about drinking I always say: remorse.  In a word that is what this horrible feeling is all about.  I have had NO remorse now for over 6+ years.
I had the exact same experience with post-drinking depression. My depression and anxiety keep me sober; I know and remember what booze does to me and it's not something I ever want to deal with again. Good to hear from you. 
Definitely know that feeling-it kinda changed as I got older. Young me had hangovers consisting of nausea headaches loose bowels etc but once the physical symptoms wore off I was fine. Old me has virtually NO physical symptoms (a huge red flag I'm sure) but depression that is absolutely incapacitating. Can't think can't cope can't problem-solve feel hopeless with NO inner resources to help me. MUCH worse than taking some pill to cure my headache.
This is perfectly put and exactly how I feel after drinking. I often would drink to self medicate when trying to deal with negative thoughts or feelings. Without fail it would make it one million times worse and last for hellish days. When sober things are easier to deal with. It's like your mind  doesn't give you anything it knows you can't handle.
[deleted]
I've recently been diagnosed with bipolar and since trying to quit I have relapsed a few times. What is scary is how even one night of drinking changes my mood. I can feel how dark it starts to get and I know the drinking is part of what made my lows so debilitating..
