-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qura6/im_scared/

I see all your comments about relapsing after long periods of time sober. If someone can make it 9 months I can't even fathom how strong you must feel after 9 months compared to my 3 weeks or even multiple years and then relapse out of nowhere? That is terrifying.
----------immediate responses--------

Those early days were my scariest time period thinking about the abyss of unknown time.  I remember watching a few members with large badge numbers post about relapse and I thought to myself "well fuck there really are no guarantees." ..I tried to take that fear and channel it into figuring out why I wanted to stop and figuring out the advantages and disadvantages of drinking that way when I came upon a fork in the road I'd know which path I'd take...My biggest fear is that if I kept miscarrying I'd end up going back to the bottle.  Four losses later I can say that once I separated alcohol from my reward and consequence system I found myself never reaching for that bottle...Hang in there 21 days isn't anything to shake a stick at your in the hard days it can get better.
If you fall off the horse simply relax and then get up and get back onto the horse.  You can do it if you found yourself in that situation.  You have the strength and power within you...Be strong...Be brave...Be true to yourself.
I feel you. I've seen those posts too and they are scary. But I've found SOME solace in looking at it this way...Every day sober is a day with more potential. ..It is a day where you are not wasting money on booze. ..It is a day where you are facing your problems and your accomplishments with a clear mind. ..It is a day where you are not consuming needless calories...It is a day where you are not losing time to hazes or blackouts...It is a day you didn't start hovering over the toilet hurling your guts out...It is a day you don't have to apologize to anyone for anything you did while drinking...It is a day you didn't get arrested or fired or broken up with for doing something/being under the influence...It is a day you were available for friends or others if they needed help. (Can't really go pick up a friend with a flat tire if you're shitfaced)..I think the problem is that some people think that by having a drink on day 400 they are invalidating all the good and progress they made up until day 399. It doesn't work like that. You don't lose 100 lbs eat one pizza and gain it all back. You get up the next morning feel like crap and then remember all the reasons you made those life changes in the first place. ..Getting back up and starting over is SO IMPORTANT for that reason. Yes that one pizza didn't make you gain that weight back. But if you say "fuck it" on screwing up your diet keep eating junk then in 6 months you may be right back where you were. It's similar with sobriety (in my opinion).."Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall"..This is by no means a justification to begin drinking again. For better or worse every day is a new fight. ..One final thought: DO NOT fall into the logistical trap of "Well if others can't do it I can't" They are them with their own struggles. You are you with yours. 
Day by day my friend. I try not to get too far ahead of myself. 
I have the same thoughts.  All we can control is whether or not we drink today. Also the relapses don't come completely out of nowhere (I hope). Usually there's a few warning signs that our thoughts and decisions are leading us back to a drink. ..When I start worrying I won't be sober a year from now and think "then what's the point?" I just try to focus on what I need to do in order to stay sober today. Morbid thought I often have: Who's to say I'll still even be alive a year from now? I know I have today. 
dont think about 9 months or tomorrow just today. That is how people with years do it or so they say.
Relapses don't come out of nowhere. They people I've talked to who have relapsed have said that they often made a conscious decision months in advance. Relapses don't come they are chosen 
That's exactly why I stay sober a day at a time. I wake up every day and don't drink. I don't worry about not drinking tomorrow because I don't even know if I'll be alive tomorrow. 
You can worry about all of the possibilities but the simple fact is...never have to drink again if you don't want to.
