-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qwbid/helloits_me/

Hi there. I've been lurking here for quite a while and I finally feel ready to introduce myself. I don't know why it's taken so long   I see so much of myself in so many of your stories...I don't want to create a wall of text but here we go: I'm a professional in my mid-thirties and I've managed to crash my liver over the past 6 years with heavy solitary beer drinking. I never drove drunk I never had any serious problems at my job other than my performance being not nearly what it should have been for a long time. I am still very successful and looked at as a role model for others in the job. That people think they should emulate who I was is one of my great sources of shame...I started this journey back in August when a visit to the doctor turned up some pretty serious liver issues. Nothing that can't be resolved with cutting back according to my doctors but I think I've known for quite a while it is my time to stop entirely. I have lost so much time and been so neglectful of my own health and my personal relationships. It was easier to skip family or friend time and just sleep off one drunk so I could start the next one alone on my couch. Days weeks years go by ..I would be closer to 60 days but I relapsed. It was planned. It was a reward for completing a big stressful project. It's not like my doctors said I had to stop drinking completely right? Right...it was just long enough to bring me back to where I was   in pain exhausted indifferent and thinking of nothing but my next binge. Also wondering how on earth I was able to hide this for so long from my friends family and co-workers. Seriously they seem to have no idea that I was hung over every day. Drinking was my second job. ..Since I've stopped (both times) I feel so much more like myself. I am taking this seriously and for me that is about deciding each day that I will not drink. .There have been challenges   whenever I have a long stretch of time to myself I think about how I would have planned that time around alcohol. I am a clock-watcher in terms of when the liquor stores will close   that hasn't gone away yet. But I intend to keep the promise I make to myself each morning: Not today. No matter what.  I've traveled to a work conference solo and filled the downtime in the hotel room not by drinking but by being productive - practicing my presentation and ironing the cute outfit I was able to splurge on because I'm not spending money on beer and whiskey. ..I feel strong. I feel present. I feel things! And even when it's bad it's still better than it was before...I have a Halloween party tomorrow at my oldest friend's house and I'm feeling good about it. There will be a lot of questions   I grew up in a brewery town and there will be alcohol (and other drugs) all over the place   but I'm confident that I can deal with it and with the reactions from others who will take my decision personally even though it's not about them. I might be in the cloud right now but I feel like I have the tools to make a go of this which is something I thought would never happen. I thought I'd just keep going on as I was until it all ended in some way or another...I guess I just wanted to introduce myself and to say thank you SD. You have each helped me more than I will ever be able to express and I'm looking forward to being a part of this community. .
----------immediate responses--------

welcome libbyscissors.  there is a lot in your story that matches mine.  
Good luck and glad to see you here! I'm pretty sure I'm going to stay home this Halloween personally. I don't trust myself.
Hello! Nice to meet you! 
Hi! Im 34 female and have a liver issue also! Been taking milk thistle and vitamin B to help x
hi! welcome! this community is just the best...can I ask what your plan is for the party tomorrow? I went to my first social outing since recommitting to this journey last night and I found it really helped me to have a solid plan in place and visualize myself acting how I wanted (ordering water what I would say if someone asked if I wanted a drink etc.)!
