-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qyj0h/313_days_holy_crap_am_i_ever_bored/

I couldn't think of any clever click bait or I would have led with that. ..So here we go....I woke up in December realized I had a drinking problem. I had a ton of friends everybody always invited me to do things I usually went along and I had somehow convinced people that I mattered. Which I do. Just not how they thought I did. I was displaying the wrong things to show my value. A knowledge of beer making isn't relevant beyond your drinking buddies or if it's related to your career. ..I've stopped talking to an ex who was never supportive to begin with. I've mostly cut my family out of my life. I've lost the friend I had when I first got sober. I'm lonely and struggling with things in life that I can actually control. And I'm doing it. ..The ex was a catalyst for my heavier drinking after I left her for infidelity I couldn't control myself. I did /r/nofap still felt angry. Went to therapy still felt upset. Stopped drinking and suddenly I was actually able to comprehend what had happened. We even talked for a bit finally got my closure and managed to help her improve her relationships. She's too much of a taker and she suffered from helicopter parents as a child. I taught her about validating her partners even when she doesn't get her way. It helped her and that somehow helped me. We don't talk any more and I'm ok with that. ..My parents are narcissists. It's funny to me that I can start casually listing subreddits that make sense of who I am. It's oddly comforting too because that means I'm not alone. I'm starting to notice that a lot of my generation is sick of their parents/baby boomers shit. ..I spent my entire life feeling like a failure because I never met their expectations but now that I'm sober I realize that they were being incredibly unrealistic. And projecting a surprising amount of negativity while they were doing it. I was expected to have a wife children a home and a career right out of high school. The expectations led to disappointment that they were never afraid to express at me. Thing is they didn't put very much effort into giving me a happy childhood. I was never able to comprehend this or express it because I'd wind up having a drink. ..For me to truly get better they had to go away for awhile. About three months into my sobriety I removed my entire family from Facebook and I only talk to my dad on the phone occasionally. I'm not ready to rehash how harsh my childhood was with them they dish out a ton of criticism but they've never done anything wrong in their lives. Because volunteering at school functions a couple times a year is all it takes to be a good parent. ..I never got to do things the kids around me did but even into my thirties my dad would make comments to me in front of our extended family about how great my childhood was. How spoiled I was. I always found this frustrating and it meant I had to drink a lot more to be around everybody. Because I wasn't spoiled. I was the fifth wheel in my family. And yeah I had some toys but one of my sisters and I bought every video game system and game I've ever had going back to my original NES back in the second grade. If I paid for it I wasn't spoiled.  ..I wasn't allowed any musical instruments until some random stranger assigned me a baritone. I quit playing it after two years because I just couldn't relate to it. I loved music though. Spent my entire childhood begging for piano lessons or a guitar. Finally got the guitar by paying for it myself again but I was twelve by the time that happened. And the rules for that guitar were incredibly strict. I wasn't allowed to play it at my friends houses. And nobody wanted to come to my house because of how my parents were. ..I could go on about this sort of stuff but internet strangers have better things to do. I'm sure you can sense the pattern that was there it's also worth mentioning that I was never into school but aggressively pushed to go to a private college that I'm now paying $320 a month for. For the next twenty years. "That's life" is what I'm told by the people who pushed a kid who didn't know any better into adulthood. Comments like that have a lot to do with why I don't speak to them much. Never force your kid to do things they don't want to and then give them a hard time about it. Especially when it's "go to college or move out". ..Prepare your children for the basic stuff adults have to do paying bills cooking grocery shopping ect....there's nothing worse than asking my dad a question and having him ridicule me before he gives me an answer. He's been doing that to me for my entire life. Insulting someone before helping them will keep them from asking for help. Never insult your kids in front of other people or their friends either. ..On that note if you have roommates and are dating someone you shouldn't let your SO spend time at your home when you aren't there. The person who helped me get sober (essentially saving my life by not letting me waste it) had a very needy SO who never left our house. She didn't work she brought a tiny yappy dog with her and she made rude comments to me about sobriety and a number of other things. She made messes everywhere and wouldn't clean them up. Neither would my roommate. So I spent the first six months of sobriety cleaning up after someone I didn't like because otherwise I couldn't use the kitchen sink. Now I'm grateful from a distance because he thought it was rude for me to expect to have some peace and quiet on my days off while he was at work. It was frustrating but now my situation is in my control. I'm sure my recent sobriety had a lot to do with my strong feelings about this and one day I'll reach out to him to clear the air. If he isn't receptive I'm ok with it...I went to therapy about eight months before I stopped drinking but didn't really get much out of it. I didn't know what was wrong and I wasn't capable of the type of self-analysis required to figure it out. I'm finally ready to see a therapist and tackle these issues that have finally revealed themselves. I haven't made an appointment yet but I know when I start going it'll be productive because I actually know why I have the issues that plague me...I'm also starting to socialize again the itch to do so returned at about 290 days sober. I haven't made many new friends yet but I'm having much better conversations with the people I meet. I don't go to AA but I've been informed about a similar group that has promise. ..If you're three days sober ten days sober a month sober and you can't handle it just be patient. The first few months were up and down but eventually I felt like I had a legitimate cause that I was fighting for. Because I started to get to know myself and I'm not that bad. I'm not a loser I'm not helpless I'm not afraid and I'm only lonely by choice. You're doing this for you so you can have memories and age gracefully so you can accomplish things and feel proud so you can rise above the people who hold you back so you might be able to extend a helping hand when someone needs it. There are times it seems having a beer would be ok. That'll never be ok. It's a slippery slope and how fast you fall might change but it's pretty certain that you'll fall back down. Which isn't worth it because we only live once and it's worth living healthy and well. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this post! Very encouraging.
&gt;I'm not helpless... and I'm only lonely by choice...Came here to say just this point. My life got a whole lot less boring when I took personal responsibility for building it. I had to shed the victim mentality that at best the world ignored me and at worst the world was against me. Thanks for the post. 
An important skill I've learned in therapy is radical acceptance. No my life isn't perfect. My past sometimes haunts me. The love of my life lives a thousand miles away and we're not going to make it work. I don't have anywhere to go tonight or anyone who wants to spend time with me. Yeah it hurts but that's okay. It's a small kind of ache because I accept that life is hard and unfair sometimes. Good luck in therapy. It's the best thing I've ever done for myself.
