-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3r0hgd/6_days_conflicted_but_not_really_long_story/

First post. Thank you in advance for this outlet everybody...Getting right to it I am in my 30s. My mother drank herself to death at 55. My dad has been in AA but controls his drinking now as far as I know. My maternal grandfather is clinically depressed and probably an alcoholic. He also told my mother at one point that depression runs in our family. If alcoholism is genetic I am a good candidate. My first drink was probably in the 7th grade and I drank in some capacity all through high school and college. Worked in bars and restaurants in addition to other day jobs and drank hard on and off through my post grad years. Picked up an OUI along the way. Also passed out driving and broke a wheel on a curb one night but managed to park my car and walk home unscathed minus the hangover.  ..Got married in 2008 to my college sweetheart. We didn't really live together before we were married so it was a bit of a shock for her to see the reality of my drinking problem but she went along with it even though she saw first hand what my mom did to me with her addiction before she died one year after we were married. ..Went to grad school right after my mom's death. Found other drinkers and drank with them. I was definitely medicating my way through grief and I was busy as hell with school and work. I always thought that knowing a little more about wine beer and cocktails made me seem sophisticated and adventurous. That getting drunk every now and then was no big deal and showed my fun and reckless side. Started to fight with my wife questioning my life and our marriage and started going to therapy. It helped the grieving process but I did not stop drinking. ..In April 2014 I got drunk watching basketball with friends and for the first time lashed out at my wife physically when she tried to restrain me from leaving the house in a state of pure blackout drunkeness. Had bruises on my head the next day. After she told me what happened I was terrified that it got to that point. I told her and myself that I was no longer going to drink. I even called my father and told him how bad it had gotten. He had no clue. For the first time I felt like an "alcoholic"...So I quit for 3 months. I started exercising a lot still socialized without alcohol and generally felt great. It was the longest I can remember being without alcohol since high school. Then I decided to fall off the wagon with one drink in celebration of a big moment. Didn't seem like a big deal. With my wife's blessing I started drinking in a "controlled" fashion (only on weekends one drink every other day etc...) but still got drunk every few months. My wife has told me she does not want me quit drinking just wants me to control myself and never get drunk because she hates when I am a stinking drunk mess. I am now starting to think that is not possible.   ..Enter Valentine's Day 2015. We are living with my in-laws (for a couple reasons that I am sure are related to my inability to really get my career going). I got drunk after a day full of eating and drinking with my wife and our friends. Snowstorm hit the northeast that night. My in-laws are asleep by the time we get home. I wanted to eat and go to drunken sleep but I was being loud about it and my wife starting berating me. I decided to angrily stumble out into the snow first for coffee then 2 more beers when I found an open bar and ignore all the phone calls I was getting. I got home and went to sleep. My wife was furious. I had ruined a great Valentine's Day. ..This time I called my brother because I didn't want to go crawling back to my dad. He said it happens and everything would be ok. This time I didn't even try to stop for more than a week. I started the "controlled" drinking again getting drunk every few months. ..Then I got drunk last Sunday. Was drunk in front of my wife's parents (for the first time; we've been married 7 years) when I got home. My wife is also now 7 weeks pregnant and recently unemployed (a coincidence). Even though drunk I remember my wife flipping out on me when I got to the bedroom because she couldn't believe I would have the balls to try and socialize with her parents while drunk. I called out of work the next day because I was one hungover two completely embarrassed at what I had done. This wasn't the first time I came home drunk just the first time I was visibly stumbling in front of my in-laws...My wife didn't really speak to me until Tuesday when she finally sounded off again about the litany of things on her mind that I had heard before after drinking too much or when she thought I was drinking too much over the course of our 7 years together. She is convinced I will drink myself to death. She said that alcohol is the only thing I love and the only thing I care about. She said she always worried and watches how much I drink and thinks that I am drinking when I say I am not. She said that if anything happens to the baby because of the stress I caused her over the last couple days that that would be the end of us. I apologized and said I did not know what to do. She pleaded with me to get my drinking under control...Here I am now. I haven't had a drink in 6 days. I am not bothered by it too much because I know I have quit for 3 months previously. I am in a bit of a fog though.  Have not been to a meeting. Tried a couple of them after the previous watershed moments and I can't stand the people there. I know bad excuse. They probably wouldn't be able to stand me. My wife and I are friends again. ..I am sure that my life would be more in control without alcohol. The other voice in my head says that my life will be shit either way so why not struggle with alcohol like I/we struggle with everything else. I know I haven't hit rock bottom yet because I still don't want to quit drinking even though I know I should. A life without any alcohol seems ridiculous even now...I made a list of the benefits of not drinking and the benefits of drinking and Notes in my iPhone somehow made them disappear but I know that the benefits of not drinking far outweighed and outnumbered the reasons to keep drinking. But I still fantasize that I can control my drinking. I got an honest 15 on the Assessment Test. If this was pre-April 2014 the score would have been higher. ..I am under some amount of control but obviously not enough. I read publications saying that 14 to 21 drinks in a week is ok. I am fine with one beer cocktail or wine every night or every other night for a while but every few months I tie one on and make a big fucking mess. I hate it. I know it's not the worst but why can't I just eliminate the binge nights and keep the controlled nights. I know the only answer is to cut it completely but I hope it's not. I don't want to be the one person at the professional networking event drinking soda...There's a lot I am leaving out but this seems to be the gist of what's been going through my head. Not looking for answers or compassion. Just looking for another resource and forum besides the ones that I have explored already. ..Not drinking tonight but going to a concert. I'll deal with tomorrow tomorrow. Thank you again for this forum and for reading if you made it this far..     ..  
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;The other voice in my head says that my life will be shit either way so why not struggle with alcohol like I/we struggle with everything else...I have been struggling with this voice for YEARS now. I fell into a strange fallacy of just because I CAN control my drinking I WILL control my drinking. Time and time again this has proven to be untrue...What is it they say about the definition of insanity? Trying the same thing and expecting different results...&gt;I made a list of the benefits of not drinking and the benefits of drinking..I apologize if this is TMI but another thing really registered with me. ..A few years ago I was with a girl and we started having ongoing threesomes with another girl (bear with me). I loved it and was not sure why my gf was less than thrilled...One day she came to me with a list of all the reasons why she thought having the threesomes were a bad idea. I went down the list and argued with her point by point rationalizing every one...I missed the whole flipping point: IF THE SITUATION WAS GOOD THERE NEVER WOULD HAVE BEEN A LIST IN THE FIRST PLACE!..I feel that applies here. If the situation was good or healthy or beneficial you never would have really had to get to that point where you had to break it down on paper...When I sit down to relax by let's say reading a book I don't have to Pro and Con it. ..I get the struggle to find a way to...find that sweet spot of moderation and balance. But we all can't do it. It took me a LONG time to realize that I can't......I hate it but I can't.......Maybe you are there too? .
&gt;why can't I just eliminate the binge nights and keep the controlled nights. I know the only answer is to cut it completely but I hope it's not.......oh how many of us have exclaimed something similar to this. The answer is so obvious yet so hard to see even when it's there in black and white...What worked for me was going to AA despite not really liking it or getting what it was all about at first. I went even when I wasn't ready to quit drinking yet. You can go and learn how to stop drinking. I also tried some SMART recovery meetings...I also stopped listening when people who knew nothing about alcoholism tried to tell me what to do like control it better. That type of advice was incredibly detrimental to my recovery.  I latched onto that completely false hope for far too long.
If you keep drinking it will ruin your marriage. You have a child on the way but right now your biggest worry is whether or not you will be able to keep drinking! Just think about that for a second. I think you know you have to stop. 
I didn't like AA at first. I felt judged I felt that everyone was worse than me (!) and that I didn't need to be there. I was wrong. Sticking it out was the best decision I have ever made. I was so tired of thinking about alcohol - planning when I was next drinking making lists of pros and cons coming up with rules to help me moderate... Shit I would never have needed to do if there was no drinking problem!! 
