-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3r4dmi/halloween_drunkenness/

I went to two parties in the city where I live. The first one the hostess was really intoxicated when I arrived. No problem. She was having fun. Everyone but one other person and me were drinking. But I had a great time. Then I left for another smaller party where people were drinking. It was late so I asked a man to walk me to my car for safety reasons. He stumbled a little bit and when we stopped at the car he said "Well you seem safe to drive. I am not but I am walking home down the block.".."Oh I am more than fine. I didn't drink a drop tonight."..It felt so great to be able to say that again...The relapse has taught me so much about why I never want to drink again. I lost so much when I went back out. And with each day I gain more self-respect and dignity back...Last night I went to two parties where there was lots of alcohol I didn't drink and I had a blast.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm also in a place where I'm very set on not drinking. It's just a relaxed place to be for me. I was struggling a lot with it in the beginning last time. This time around it feels final it feels good. ..I helped drive a few people home last night and this morning I got a call from a co-worker and my boss asking if I could come in for someone. ..I got a compliment today "I can always count on you serious thanks". ..It felt so good to be a reliable one. :D ..(I had only let drinking make me call out of work once in the last year and a half since I've had this job. I love this job)
I'm glad you didn't drink.                               .I've been sober a long time and still stay away from people who abuse alcohol and events where drinking is the main activity. It isn't that I might drink but rather I find such events completely boring. In early sobriety especially I protected myself from the power of alcohol. It's just too risky and mind numbing to be around drunkenness.  
Isn't sobriety such an awesome feeling?..Last weekend I went to a party for the first time since becoming sober. Seeing all of my friends in their drunken stupors was such a great reminder as to why I stopped drinking: that was me *every day*. Leaving that night knowing I could wake up and have a productive day and still had just as much fun if not more fun than I would have if I was drinking...These triumphs are worth everything! Congratulations to you!..Edit: Left a little &gt; hanging out up there! 
