-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3r56i0/lawyers_of_sd_aa_and_mpre_question/

Hello! I'm a 3L and I'm taking the MPRE *(for the second time.. yes I studied. yes I know basically everyone passes :( )* on Saturday...This is a purely hypothetical question - but one of the rules is that if the bar association asks a lawyer if an applicant should be admitted into the bar they are compelled to answer if there's bad facts or whatever (don't lawyer what I'm saying here it's been a long weekend of studying). So what would happen in the even that the lawyer they are asking has seen the 3L in AA meetings and knows they are an active alcoholic. Maybe like recently relapsed or has never gotten more than a month etc...Obviously AA traditions don't trump law... and they probably don't trump the rules of prof. resp. So what would happen there?..Or like generally in practice - **what happens if you come across another lawyer in AA who admits to having like committed fraud or stealing from clients or something in a meeting how do you handle that with your professional obligation to report knowledge of things like that to the bar?**..Wish me luck this weekend!!!! ! ! !!!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

So for MPRE purposes hypothetically:  ..If I know a lawyer from my recovery meetings (because I am in recovery myself) is violating the code of professional responsibility because the lawyer made admissions in an AA meeting what is my ethical responsibility under the Code of Responsibility?--The code of responsibility requires me to report ethical violations absent some "privilege" for instance an attorney-client privilege.  A like situation arose when someone in a meeting in California admitted to murder and arguments were made that that admission should not have been admissible against the defendant.  ..Practically what would I do?  I would urge the lawyer to immediately retain ethics counsel and self-report the violations especially given that the lawyer knows or should know that the admission puts lawyers who hear the admission in the uncomfortable position of having to report his or her violation.  
AA meetings are anonymous.  When I go to an AA meeting and someone there ids themselves as an attorney I don't go about finding who they are.  IF I hear something in a meeting and I don't know who they are I have no ethical obligations.  Heck I don't even know if that person is an actual licensed attorney.  ..I don't go to AA meetings to be a lawyer.
Attorneys also have super-secret AA meetings (at least where I went to school no I am not an attorney) and the meeting chair says at the beginning of the meeting "don't admit to crimes/unethical behavior because you know there is a requirement for us to report."  ..So there is some-self-censorship required I guess but the chair meeting head warns people of this law.  
