-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3r686z/just_shy_of_14_months/

Hi. I don't really know where to start because I haven't really shared my journey/struggle with many people. ..Me: I just turned 30 this year and before last September I struggled with drinking and the control it has had over me. When I turned 21 I thought I should go to AA that never happened. On my last outing that I drank I told myself only 1. I broke that promise to myself and I decided then to give up drinking 100%. ..Last year: Over the last year I've really been going at this alone. And there have been many times I've struggled. Friends don't understand why I'm turning down drinks and I'm really not as social as I used to be. It has but some dents in friendships and I feel guilty over that as well. The weekend I hit 12 months was super emotional I almost missed my anniversary. My dog had passed that week and I was flying home to get her ashes. As I was walking out the door to the airport my eye caught the calendar I had on my wall and I broke down. This was the first time I had ever committed to do something for myself and pulled through with it. Definitely worth the journey. ..This sub: What I'm looking to get out of sharing my story and being a part of this sub is to be more comfortable with talking about not drinking. To feel better about this life change. And to know I'm not alone! This has been my biggest struggle is feeling so isolated. ..I have a habit of rambling so.Tl:dr - I've been drinking since I was 15 14 months ago I gave it up cold turkey and now I'm looking for friends/supportive group that doesn't drink or judge me for not drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey that's great! Congrats on 14 months! I have as much time too.  I went it alone for 7 weeks - then realized I had no idea what I was doing at all.  It's been better since I've reached out to people.  Do you have any friends who are sober? A therapist? A recovery group? You can start with this forum and then reach out to people in real life.  It would really help the isolation just reaching out. So good job starting with this!
Even though I am antisocial I find comfort here reading the posts everyday. I feel less alone inside while hearing others stories. I do not have a support system SD is my only friend in this battle. I hope you find them helpful they are such a insightful and compassionate community. For me it is just making sure I spend a little time everyday connecting with these lovely people. Even though I feel too lonely to speak up most of the time I take great comfort being here. ..You have stayed strong! That is amazing!
[deleted]
Woah! thanks for sharing...What I am trying now is Meet-up and Facebook groups. I join the ex-pats groups (because I am one) but do not go to drinking meetings which are most of them. But sometimes they do go hiking and they recently played Laser Tag (I thought that was a HIMYM thing it turns out to be real). In Laser Tag I made a couple of new FB friends who also go out in nature. I am also join groups which meditate...Short I join groups of people who go out in nature and alcohol is just not the center of the universe for them. I love it!..Good luck finding your groups I can tell you have already mastered (not drinking) alcohol!! Keep it rolling!
Thanks!
Thank you! :)
