-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3r6zoc/its_melbourne_cup_day_tomorrow/

Cup day is a big deal in Australia. Its usually a huge piss up day for me too. I'm feeling pretty low today. I'm struggling with loneliness depression and I'm thinking about drinking a lot. .Its fucking crazy that Im thinking like this. I don't understand why I cant get this fucking monkey off my back???. Im exercising everyday Im eating clean sleeping well but thoughts of drinking are still CONSUMING ME. I don't know if I can keep doing this... Im nearly 9 months sober FFS Im terrified of drinking again and miserable (some days) without it. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;*I often think back to that first couple of weeks and I truly thought it was going to be impossible to stop. I was a total mess terrified of what my life was going to be like without my continual supply of booze... It hasn't been all rainbows and lollipops but it certainly is getting easier and I feel its more of a lifestyle choice for me now and less of a restriction.*..How did your life turned out to be? Is it better than before stopping drinking?..You need the Dinos for this one I have never been so long off the hook...I am really interested in reading how you deal with this one. It could be me at +200 if I'm half as determined as you have been...I wish you the very best of luck you can do this! ..And then tell us how.
Hey! Another Melbournian here! I'm looking forward to the day off tomorrow but am not really into the races myself...Sorry to hear you are having a rough time... Is this a recent thing or has it been like this the whole time? ..Not sure if you are an AA person (I was for a bit but have my issues with it and don't really go anymore) but the 7pm Tuesday Carlton meeting is a *really* good one. If I were to start going back to AA and get a 'home group' it would be that one for sure. ..I'm not as far along as you coming up on 6 months in a couple weeks but I've recently started listening to the Easyway to Control Alcohol audiobook again. This will probably be my 5th or 6th time I've read or listened to it and am finding it's sort of reinforcing why I don't drink anyway. ..Anyway hope you feel better and hope you are able to enjoy the public holiday....
I was overseas when the Melbourne Cup taught me about free flow promotions. I think loneliness is a huge issue with maintaining sobriety. Have you looked in to building some social activities back into your life? Meetup.com (Maybe a different one for Melbs) has many activities listed such as book clubs running groups sober social groups hiking and camping etc. Other options include volunteering and church. AA is another option that ensures regular interactions with sober people.
Sounds like you have fallen off the pink cloud. I suggest getting outside of yourself and helping someone out be it through sobriety or volunteer work. It's always been my go to during those cloudy days.
