-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3r9xys/i_woke_up_convinced_i_had_relapsed/

Hey Sobernauts..Holy crap drinking dreams can be realistic. It honestly took me a few minutes this morning to realise it had been a dream. ..Last night I had a dream that I was with a friend and was just tired of having the *"No thank you" "No really I'm ok" "Haha nah it's all good" "I actually don't drink anymore" "Not really a big deal just made a decision a few months ago and it's the right one for me" "No... My not drinking doesn't mean you have a problem you're great!" etc.* conversation so I just had a drink. ..I immediately regretted it and started freaking out about going back to day one resetting my badge etc. ..Anyway this morning I woke up and didn't realise it hadn't actually happened. NOT A FUN MORNING!! A few minutes later I realised it was just a dream and I'm ok. Thank f**k!..******..So being me and totally in my head all the time I decided to try to psychoanalyse myself. ..Yesterday I had a pretty big 'recovery' day. I went to the GP to refill my Campral prescription and temporarily get an Antabuse prescription. [Logic behind it here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3qxnwk/sober_vacation_in_bali/) Anyway chatting with the doctor about how well I've been doing these past few months how I genuinely may need some extra help next week potentially had something to do with my relapse dream? ..I also went to an NA meeting last night my first meeting in quite awhile. There were quite a few milestones all of which were after relapses so there were quite a few shares on that. ..Then came home and spent some time on SD. Being a mod you do a lot of badge resets (just look to the right in the sidebar and see how many there have been in the last 7 days). Each badge reset is an actual person who is going through a rough time. This really brings home how often people do it and makes it harder to say "Oh I'll never do that."..So ya a 'recovery heavy' day yesterday; but that is good because this morning after believing I had relapse my resolve is significantly strengthened! ..Have any of you guys had any realistic relapse dreams recently? How did you feel about it? 
----------immediate responses--------

It's been awhile but they still happen. I'm not too worried with what they mean but it's definitely a relief to wake up and realize your brain was just being a dick while you sleeping!
I love my relapse dreams. I'm having a spate of them recently. ..My dreams are real incredibly vivid. I experience what picking up would be like for me. There's never been a time when I've woken up and wanted to drink. It's the opposite. I wake up with a new appreciation of my recovery. ..On a side note I've even started gaining dream conciousness when I've picked up. In my dream I wonder if I'm dreaming and I'm looking to explore lucid dreaming. ..I've managed it once so far but I woke myself up. 
Great drinking dream post.
Hearing and knowing about all those relapses and doing all those badge resets can't be a good thing. It could appear to be an excuse or invitation to your own relapse. Not sure how I would deal with that. I guess I'd focus on their disappointment and their struggle. Completely unhelpful response sorry. But you've got me thinking...
I had one recently as well and those first few hours for me after waking from it were pretty shit. In the dream I was waking up and going to log into SD and there were a mountain of empties in front of the computer. That initial anxiety and dread of thinking 'wtf did I do last night' and 'fuck I have to reset my badge' scared me more than I thought would be possible this far along. I had to actually look into the trash to make sure I didn't actually drink the night before the dream was so vivid to me. ..I'm still sort of processing that one. Made me realize that my sobriety is something I need to stay vigilant with and that dream was good for reminding me just how scary that can be to start drinking again. ..I'm glad you posted this. 
I have these too sometimes. I dream I  cheated on my boyfriend and I wake up just wracked with guilt and shame. I rifle through my memory recreating the night and reconstructing the chain of events that got me to this irreversible mistake. I hurt my best friend. He doesn't know yet but his heart is lying smashed in my fist. How could I do this? ...And it takes like...a solid few minutes to realize...I went to bed last night. I didn't even GO out. None of that happened. I curl up behind him slip my arms around him give him a good kids between the shoulder blades and go back to sleep. Fuck those dreams. ...I'm so glad yours was also a false alarm! Let it serve to remind you what that reality would be like!
I still get the dreams on a regular basis. The main focus of them is me trying to plot how I'll hide it from my husband my sponsor my friends and SD. I'm scheming and deceitful but deep down I know I'll have to tell them the truth because they'll find out anyway and it's horrible.  Even in my dreams I can't accept responsibility for my actions. ..And then you wake up and realize it was a dream and there is some relief but the sick feeling of relapsing sticks around for hours...I am not a fan of drinking dreams.
[deleted]
I had my first relapse dream a couple days ago. I woke up feeling all anxious and out of it and the whole afternoon I was in this weird funk since I kept thinking about the dream and what it might mean. I ended up going to a meeting later that night and sure enough someone else started talking about a relapse dream they had the night before and I immediately started feeling better. It's amazing how helpful meetings can be and I'm super grateful for this sub as well. .You're all awesome! 
I had one last night too. Rarely do I wake up and think "oh my god that was all a dream" but last night was a bad one. And it wasn't just one drink for me. It was sloppy fall down super drunk with a bunch of weed to boot. It was so bad I told my girlfriend about it and I never talk about my dreams heh.
I had a horrible relapse dream last night too! Gosh they can be so realistic and waking up from them feeling awful...it's almost worth it though when I realize that in fact I have stayed sober the relief is overwhelming!
I think I've only had two (maybe three) since I started quitting. The last one was a doozy though because I woke up in my dream realizing it *wasnt* a dream and I had really done it only to wake up later to realize I *hadn't*. That took me a minute to back track and untangle lol.   ..Strangely the first one I had was in between sobriety attempts and I was desperately downing cups of bleach like a panicked alcoholic. I knew it was bleach while I was drinking it but my mind hadn't made the connection about what I was really doing until two cups in. Then I stared at my panicked self in a mirror (great emergency response there) in horror. I was grateful to wake up from that one! Can't say the message was cloaked in any way. I also don't think I'll ever forget what I looked like to myself pallid sunken black eyes desperate. 0/10 would not repeat. 
