-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ra6zs/back_to_square_one/

I fucked up. Huge family get together weekend for my grandpa's funeral and the night of the memorial I sneaked some wine. I immediately hated how I felt and I don't know where it came from. So many strong emotions and so much sadness and I guess I couldn't handle it. Drank again today...100+ days down the tubes. This is my first relapse and I'd really appreciate any words at all from others who've experienced the same. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey it happens. It sucks but it happens. What is important is what you do next. Learn from your mistake and move along...The fact that you are back here is fantastic!
BTW in my experience relapse is not necessary to recovery.  I know plenty of sobernauts who never relapsed.  It can be done.  
For me the key was not being hard on myself and making things worse. We treat ourselves worse than our worst enemies.  Be gentle with yourself you have had a flare up of a very difficult chronic brain disease that you are learning to manage and you are off to a great start with 100 days and involvement here on SD..I needed face to face AA support group therapy sessions lots of books journaling etc.  Arm yourself with tools to deal with the next flare up..You can do this 
The biggest thing for me is finally stopping the thought process of "Well I already screwed up so may as well not try again." ..Tomorrow is another day!
Earlier this year I had 8 months of sobriety and I'm on day 2 now.  Before that I had 16+ years of continuous sobriety...Here's the thing life is difficult and for those of us who like to drink it can make it even more challenging...What I've learned through all my relapses is:  .1) I'm not perfect.  .2) I don't magically FORGET all the good stuff I've learned while sober.  .3) Remembering how much better life was while I was sober can actually help me get sober again.  .4) Accepting the fact that when I'm in an emotional state - I'm more likely to drink but it only temporarily makes it better.  ..You don't have 119 days down the drain - you have 119 days of experience to draw on.  You also have another day to turn it all around and all we really have is today anyways so forgive yourself and know that soon you'll start to feel better and you can build on what you've learned...Welcome back.
You didn't fuck up get off the cross we need the nails. ;) ...But seriously mistakes are gonna happen. I've made my share of fuck ups and I...really fucking believe this : there's no such thing as a mistake as long as you've learned from it. No such thing as regret provided you can derive a positive from it. ..So. What did you learn? What is the positive? You learned you still don't want to drink which means you still have a will to live and a desire to get better and lead a better life. As for positive you're still alive. Still fighting. If you feel shitty about it it's because you know you can do better than this. So forgive yourself and get back out there! 
I don't think you're back to square one - I'm willing to bet you learned a lot over those a hundred days. Take stock of that knowledge reform your plan and get back on that horse without skipping a beat. ..I honestly tried to get back to square one really badly too. I had given up on my sobriety embraced my binges and decided to live with it. Yet I couldn't. The time spent sober what I learned here and my brief residency in AA was just too damn powerful. I never did regain the same comfort being drunk and well here I am so damn glad I tossed that dumb idea out. 
I agree with bearacophiny you're not at square one. You have 119 days of wisdom under you're belt. Dust yourself off and continue with the smarts you have. Not drinking today is a win-a big W. 
The best thing I did was learn from my relapse not beat myself up and solidify my plans and create even more backup plans. What went wrong? What do I need to do so this doesn't happen again?
