-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rcu19/anybody_experience_this/

I'm a bit confused...I can for sure say that I'm addicted to nicotine as there is always a nice box mod with some tasty vape liquid nearby (6mg nicotine) and if there isn't easy access to vape then I can tell my body and brain are wondering where the nicotine is and actively try to search for it.  However when it comes to alcohol... that's not the case...I'm in the triple digits for sobriety now.  Haven't touched a drop since 7/24/15.  I'm not thinking about alcohol.  Even when it's around me I don't want to drink it.  Friends and others have told me "You're not an alcoholic... why not just have one beer?"  I always politely decline their offer but I'm not struggling to fight the urge to drink.  Has anybody else experienced this during their sobriety?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; "You're not an alcoholic... why not just have one beer?" I always politely decline their offer but I'm not struggling to fight the urge to drink. Has anybody else experienced this during their sobriety?..Rarely but what other people think about my not drinking is not relevant to me.  
This is basically what I was experiencing before I relapsed due to a birthday party. I did succumb to the offer to drink because I was in such a relaxed space. ..I'm already starting to get there again. Each day the urges are subsiding and each day I think about drinking less. Don't let that fool you though. That one drink I had lead to a 2 month relapse of nearly daily drinking of a pint of vodka.  
Sometimes it's easy sometimes it's hard...What's your confusion about though /u/morrik? If you can drink? If you're an alcoholic? If it should be hard? ...I'm missing something.
Are you talking about the duality of feeling addicted to one thing and not feeling addicted to another? If so I totally relate. It's definitely not an all or nothing situation for me.
You don't **have to** drink...Vegetarians do not eat mean even if it is for free. Same for non-smokers (they just don't smoke). ..If you don't drink  then you don't drink. End of story...Why are you asking? 
Yeah for me Alcohol is not the same addiction as nicotine.  I would go crazy if I didn't get my fix of nicotine and I would think about it constantly.  For me Alcohol is more like well I might as well have a beer then I might asw ell buy a six pack and I mean I don't really have anything to do tomorrow.  IT was kinda just a habit.  It was easy to take a day or two off for important events and I often had to take 2 weeks off for work. It was  Never a problem for me.  I basically drank when I had time but my problem was I started  manufacturing time for it.  Nicotine is a hell of a drug I had to quit it so I could quit drinking. .For me though it was like they were not the same level of addictions. One was physical and one was mental. 
"I'm not thinking about alcohol.  Even when it's around me I don't want to drink it.".--Posts new thread about alcohol...Don't kid yourself.  Keep up the good work.
In my first year or so I experienced periods of it being easy to not drink and other times with intense cravings. Now I have no problem at all I just don't drink. As others have said do not confuse the strength of one addiction for another. Though many of us are prone to switch addictions around IMO not all drug addictions are equal. I quit the demon nicotine and amphetamines after years of both and never got hooked on several other drugs I dabbled in. Alcohol for me was it's own monster and by far the worst physical and mental addiction to beat. But thats me...Why wonder why you are not struggling? If you are not finding much difficulty giving up a drug that did you no good thats fantastic for you. Count your blessings (for one that you never killed anyone while driving drunk and ended up in jail) and go to bed sober.
"I sometimes think it would be nice to have a glass of wine with dinner.  Then I remember I have plans for Christmas."..--Robert Downey Jr.
I usually don't notice alcohol around me but when I do I text a sober friend. If the impulse strikes there's nothing stopping me from reaching over and grabbing a drink. ..As for friends they don't know the full extent of my drinking. Until I'm willing to share that with them they don't realize what they're suggesting when they say I can have one beer. I trust they wouldn't say that if they knew how much control alcohol has over me once I go down that road. 
I will be in three digits tomorrow. I don't fight urges often but I have fear. That first drink is a coiled snake waiting to strike.
