-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3re1g5/a_little_too_quiet/

Here I am with 17 days of sobriety behind me. Physically I feel great finding the energy to work out again and sleeping soundly. The problem is as terrible as my first week was I really don't feel tempted to buy alcohol on the way home. Compared to days two and three where I stood in the grocery store having an anxiety attack I can go pick up dinner now without a glance at the alcohol. My worry is that the addictive voice in my head is lurking waiting until Im nice and vulnerable and complacent so he can jump out and hit me hard with temptation to relapse. I'm kind of afraid of the holidays approaching as I'll be alone and last year I spent Xmas with a bottle of 12 year glenlivet wathing the snowfall and sinking deeper into depression...I know I just need to stay focused and keep taking it one day at a time. It's just that... I know how weak I can be when confronted with temptation and I don't trust my future self to not throw away this sober streak.
----------immediate responses--------

What are you doing to develop that trust in yourself? Make yourself a more trustworthy soul and you will not fail!
It happened to me I had a birthday drink after 210 days sober. ..Now that I've had that relapse I've been devising ways to never let that happen again. ..In my wallet I've put my reason for why I took that birthday drink. All of the scum bag brain things I had convinced myself of... .."You're not having cravings anymore".."you haven't even thought about alcohol in a long time were you even really an alcoholic?".."C'mon... this is your friend from kindergarten she's come over with a 140-160 dollar bottle of your favorite scotch.".."It's your birthday".."Surely surely after this long you can have some fucking self control. What are you 3? Have one drink and let it be"..that lead to two months of daily drinking about a pint of vodka a night.... ..So along with the list of 'reasons' I also have a list of outcomes.... ..almost ruined my marriage again. ..gained back 23 lbs of the 40 lbs I had lost..made a few foggy headed mistakes at work that were embarrassing and makes me look like an idiot..constantly having hang overs..avoided going to friends an family houses because all I wanted to do was drink alone in my room. ..
&gt; I know I just need to stay focused and keep taking it one day at a time. It's just that... I know how weak I can be when confronted with temptation and I don't trust my future self to not throw away this sober streak...The only future self that I concern myself with is: the guy who goes to bed sober tonight.
Don't worry about your future self because you'll never meet him! Just take care of your present self. As long as you keep committing to yourself to not drink *today* you'll be ok. And you will only get stronger and better able to withstand temptation over time...This isn't to say you should entirely let your guard down but worrying won't help. Redirect those energies to focusing on each moment you find yourself in...And while you're at it take a moment to pat yourself on the back for two weeks in. The first week is always the hardest so you're doing great and you should be proud of yourself!
The addictive voice will always be there. Waiting for a good excuse. Be vigilantalways. In bad times and for me more importantly good times. Avoid non alcoholic beer and mocktails.
