-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3re2cn/this_is_the_lowest_point_of_my_alcoholism/

i've been doing a lot of reflecting over the past few days. i had a horrible relapse last week that ended in my dad kicking down my door because i wouldn't let him in or speak to anyone. as he saw what a state i was in surrounded by empty bottles and incoherent all i cared to think about was that i still had one more unopened bottle of wine hidden in my room and that i would still be able to drink that night after he went to bed. that is a completely insane reaction to the very lowest moment of my life and probably of his life. i don't know if i'll ever be able to admit this to anyone in person but i wanted to get it off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear that. However if this is the motivation you need to get sober it can become one of the high points of your life the moment you took control of your life...It's all in what you do next...Personally I'd start with dumping out any booze that's hidden anywhere and then committing to myself not to drink at any point today.
I am so sorry you are feeling so down.  I have been there.  It got better for me and I know it can for others as well...Are you planning on quitting drinking?  If so have you thought about a plan to help you stay in track?
Think of all this as just a story. This will soon be just a story about your past self I know it!
I've ripped apart the house looking for alcohol before  I should have stopped then.  
Well done for getting it off your chest i admire you for it. Hang in there we understand how you feel:)
I remember not too long ago deciding that I finally had enough...I admit that many times I have considered drinking in the past 79 days but I have not...I know one thing for **sure** - despite all of the struggle with maintaining my sobriety I have *NEVER* woke up once and regretted *not* drinking the day before.  Previously I *ALWAYS* regretted drinking the next day.  ..This is a funny kind of truth which doesn't deny that I got *something* out of drinking - some intense *something* - but inevitably it was followed by a lot of misery...I am kind to myself now and accept that by foregoing the fleeting rush/oblivious/rollercoaster of drinking I know I will be happier in the days that follow...Good luck my friend.  My own piece of unsolicited advice is to find someone to lean on.  Someone in AA someone else in recovery this sub anyone who can offer you help.  It is very very hard to do it alone.
&gt;this is the lowest point of my alcoholism..It can be but believe me it can get unfathomably lower. People talk about a bottom but the truth is that it's actually bottomless. I lost my job my life partner my house and that was all before things got really bad. I went to rehab four times before I found the right therapist and psychiatrist who worked with me to manage my alcohol addiction. I'm just now finishing up 8 months of outpatient treatment and it's been amazing so much better than 12 stepping. There are many ways to get sober but it's nigh impossible to do it on your own. Good luck.
