-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rfxcn/my_story_does_it_ever_get_easier/

After lurking for so long (8-9 months) I'm finally starting to feel comfortable commenting and posting on this site. It helps that I've found subs of people who are understanding. ..I go by Heaven. .I've struggled with alcohol since I was about 12. My aunt was the first person to get me drunk as a way to help with my depression (I know I can see your face. She was very naive). I love my mom and dad to death but they are alcoholics. High functioning alcoholics but alcoholics nonetheless. ..In high school I struggled with alcohol and drug addiction. If I wasn't high in school I was buzzed or tipsy. I got a handle on it my last two years and was able to graduate on time. I only went to one year of community college and although I passed it was a blur or parties and alcohol. ..Once I hit my twenties drinking was a regular thing. I would joke about alcoholism but I didn't think I was an alcoholic. I didn't realize how much I absolutely loved the feeling of alcohol way more than the taste. When I turned 21 I didn't even go to a bar for months afterwards because I preferred being at home so I didn't have to worry about driving myself. I did drive blackout once with someone in the car and I am thankful I didn't get pulled over and killed someone once I heard the details sober. I've never drunk and drive since that moment and it was 6 years ago. .I've suffered two kidney infections within a month from each other when I was 22. I joked about it with friends not wanting to admit how serious it was. I always thought it was a joke. ..Last summer at 24 my current partner and I broke up for almost 2 months. In that time frame I drank a lot of wine. The bottles were 1.5L and I would always buy 3 at a time (and I would go to the store twice a week). I made sure to never drink when I had to go to work early. But when I was able to drink I started about 7 pm and I would drink two bottles. I did that many times. On my birthday I drank two bottles then I crushed since I had to work for two days straight. ..I won't go into disgusting details on what happened to my body but it made me google what the hell was happening and I found out my body was going into alcohol withdrawal. I didn't think it would be bad until I started having the hallucinations and I couldn't stop shaking. It was the most terrifying thing I had ever experienced in my life and I have put myself in some dangerous stupid situations. I messaged a friend who lived in another state because I felt ashamed and scared. They stayed on the phone with my all night and morning until I felt better and could sleep. I got through it and I had my epiphany. All of the times I drank flashed in my mind. I finally knew I really was an alcoholic. No joking and no laughing. I was. And it became serious how much of an alcoholic I was when I poured out my last full bottle of wine I had after I was done with withdrawal and the next day being pissed off that I had no money and no wine. I cussed myself out in my head. When my partner and I got back together I told him about me using alcohol to drown my feelings and how close to death I had really come (I was drinking while I was on mental health medication). With his help I found and went to an outpatient addiction recovery center (I'm not a fan of AA). I won't lie. It didn't help. I went for 2 months and then stopped. ..I know my problem and it is binge drinking. I know I can't stop drinking and I won't stop drinking but I am learning to control it. My partner helps me by cutting me off the seldom moments I do drink. I get mad at him sometimes but I know it's best for my health. I am glad I have a better grip but I do wish at times that I could drink whenever I want. It haunts me a lot and it saddens me that I will have to deal with this forever. That wish and want of "Damn. I just want some right now." ..Thank you for reading and I am glad that I found this sub to be able to read everyone's experience. It makes me feel good knowing I'm not alone. .-Heaven 
----------immediate responses--------

Based on what you have said I'd identify that as more than just a binge drinking problem. The outright refusal to eliminate drinking entirely or to even entertain it as a possibility after all you have suffered physically is not uncommon in early stages of recovery. ..I never thought I would quit and now that I have I never want to go back. Life is good.on the other side. I hope you keep an open mind.
I'm a binger too. I've decided to quit at least for several months to mediate on why I binge. Like you I'm terrified of the eventuality of it. And the idea of a life spent struggling with it is exhausting. ...Try and look at it as just one day at a time and not a forever thing. Take 30 days off. Write about every day how you feel and think. I mean REALLY write. Hold nothing back and you may find somethings out about yourself. :) good luck my friend. 
Totally gets better!! Look at all the great sobriety in this sub /u/ketojam to name one 
Oh yeah I quit alcohol and benzos cold turkey.  I also did not think it was going to be a problem.  I was like "nah that's done now moving on."  I did not tell anyone; not a single person...The first day I felt hungover like usual. And I clearly remember that the second day I felt noticeably better. That second day I felt better than I had in years in fact. So that reinforced my idea of quitting for me.  ..But later that night about 50 hours in I started vomiting and hallucinating - having visual auditory and tactile hallucinations.  I did not see that one coming.  I told myself it was ok though because I knew on some level that those were hallucinations.  I was shaking but I assumed that that was because I could not hold down food or water.  ..I was too out of it mentally to feel scared though so I did not find the experience terrifying.  Until I woke up 7 weeks later and realized I had no idea what I had been doing for the past 7 weeks - while I remembered the 7 weeks I felt that someone else had invaded my body and had done my life for me for those seven weeks.  I don't understand it really still to this day how that felt.  I saw a doctor the next day and he told me that I had dissociated. But I still can't believe that for 7 weeks straight I just felt nothing: no fear no anxiety no worry no sadness no anger no joy - nothing. It seemed like an alien had possessed my body and then vacated one day all of a sudden 7 weeks later.  I still don't understand it...Anyways I stopped after that did in-patient rehab for a long time and then continued with outpatient rehab and an individual therapist.  Like you it was the withdrawal that made me realize how severe my problems were - and by the time denial broke down I was 7 weeks sober already.  Phew kind of glad I somehow got that time under my belt before flipping out. Because when I wanted to drink/use again I'd just be like "why I have 7 weeks sober already clearly I can do this."..Point being I stopped for good and hope to god I stay stopped. If that out-patient rehab did not help you find something that will.  If that withdrawal did not shake you to your core find something else that will shake you to your core - in a positive way don't quit without medical supervision again. Kindling gets worse the more you try that. .
