-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rq61l/looking_for_advice_from_old_timers_or_newtimers_i/

so as im sure many people here do i struggle with alcoholism. i made it to my 4th step and screwed up so i was back to day one sober at this meeting. i have trouble sharing at meetings unless its a really small one. there was this woman at the meeting tonight who came for her first meeting. she had gotten a dui and was visibly upset. they did a first step meeting. talked about how they all ended up there. i wanted to contribute and encourage but felt like i was full of shit as i had been sober less than 24 hours. i wanted to tell her that she did better than i did going to my first meeting just by making it through the door. that i just made it to the parking lot the first time. that i was a vet and nothing i had ever been through was scarier that asking for help. i could still remember how mortified i was to admit it all. i just felt like my thoughts were invalid because i had failed. i just don't know at what point i become qualified to offer advice. shit i cant do it for my self at this point. much less anyone else. i just remember how scared i was and what to help someone else through this. ..TLDR: im a drunk and want to help other drunks but becaues i haven't been sober for 5million years dont feel qualified to offer advice. when did you feel like what you had to say mattered or was helpful?..Obligatory apology for wall of text
----------immediate responses--------

I think that any time someone can be kind honest and supportive that they are helpful...Hang in there.  You are worth it and you are certainly qualified to help.  :)  
You ever pay attention to the pre-flight safety presentation from the cabin-crew? If the plane depressurizes oxygen masks will drop...*Put your OWN mask on first before attempting to help others...*..Why do they say that? Because if you try to put your kids mask on first and end up blacking out due to hypoxia then you're no good to you OR your kid. ..When I was 24-hours sober...I needed to focus on me. It would be easy to help others and "put my own issues aside" but that would really just mean I was looking for an excuse not to deal with my own issues...I had to put my oxygen mask on first...take a few deep breaths and then start helping my seat-mates..
I think if you shared exactly what you just shared in this post that would have been great. Sharing where you are and what Struggles you are having helps yourself and others.
I feel like if you share from the heart you can't go wrong.
You making this post just might help someone who's going through something similar gather the courage to do the same and reach out. I remember how scared I was. I can't count how many times I deleted posts here before making my first. ..You are helping just by sharing your story and I thank you for that. 
Sharing what you just shared with us that can help. Hearing people share what they're going through &amp; how they went through it that helps me &amp; why I go to meetings &amp; come here. It let's me know I'm not alone. You can help that person not feel alone in this. Thanks for sharing &amp; I'm glad you're here you've helped me tonigh. 
Support does not require a length of sober time or anything else really other than a desire to give support.  ..I've gotten crap advice from people 35 years sober and great advice from people 35 minutes sober.  ..You never know what will resonate with someone else. It's not about sober time it's about ideas and everyone has different ones. You never know what will strike a chord with someone else so speak up.  
You've had some good advice here but I just want to add that SD is a great place to practice sharing your experience from wherever you are at. I have sure learned a lot about myself and how to relate to others from my participation here. ...I'd also like to add that it's admirable that you are concerned about connecting with the people around you in a meaningful and quality way. That points to the existence of something bright and beautiful inside you. How exciting that you get to recover and let that light shine at last!
You can show us that we're not alone and that your story is our story.  That's helpful even on Day One.
If you've got 24 hours you've got a story to tell. Share your story it will help someone else. Just make sure you are sharing your actual experience not parroting stuff you've heard at meetings. You can even say "I only have ___ amount of time I'm not sure if I should be sharing." ..Also let this be motivation to get through your steps! The more recovery you experience the more you can help the newcomer. 
