-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rvymi/lost_my_momentum/

I had 50 days loved it and then after my birthday and my vacation I've just been dipping my toes back in the pool over and over. What is wrong with me that I am not taking this seriously? Was struggling yesterday and gave in to it. ..I was going to say "what is it going to take?" but I really don't want to get to that point (again). I couldn't even keep yesterday's promise that I made at Check In. Pathetic.
----------immediate responses--------

Beating yourself up definitely won't help...Have you tried /u/coolcrosby's Baby Steps?..Are you working any sort of a program? I've found there has been very little coasting and lots of investment of time in myself necessary to change how I feel...(Only coasting I had was when I had a bad respiratory infection and was too sick to get out of bed and just slept for a few days on end.)
[removed]
It didn't stick for me until I got sick and tired of being sick and tired and being trapped in the endless loop of shame regret and reminded myself regularly of WHY I was quitting. I made a list of reasons. I still have that list to keep it fresh and to show how different I am from that person pre-sobriety....How I did it:.I found it useful to have /r/stopdrinking on my phone app to check in daily read posts..reply when I could and use this as one of my sobriety "tool kit"....Other things I used especially in early days:...Meetings: 3 to 4 AA or other types of recovery meetings per week. AA is not the only option. A simple Google search should be able to show you what is in your area....Sponsor: I have a great sponsor who is not extremely religious she is spiritual but very accepting and open minded. I text to check in with her on a regular basis...initially it was daily. A sponsor isn't a marriage...I had a temporary sponsor for a while until I got to know people and find a good fit..I just needed someone to be accountable to....Professional Help I see my therapist once every other week. I've spoken honestly with my doctors about my alcohol intake and in early recovery I had a full panel of blood work and physical exam done to check for any areas I need to be treated in....Reddit /r/StopDrinking: I read this sub daily and comment and post regularly (not as much these days as life is complicated and crazy but I still try to keep in touch. I'm also subscribed to /r/alcoholism and /r/AlcoholicsAnonymous but neither of those subs work as well as this one for me....Friends and family: My family and my good friends know about my recovery. Initially I only "came out of the wine closet" to my immediate family and closest friends and all were very supportive. Initially especially my friends didn't drink around me in support of my journey to long term sobriety. My husband is supportive of my sobriety but he still drank early on so was alcohol in my house for the first few months. He does not encourage me to drink in any way. When my husband was diagnosed with cancer the first time and was in the hospital for 21 days I had all alcohol removed from my house as I was very vulnerable. If I had my choice I would have cleared out all booze on Day 1. Alcohol is still not allowed in my house no matter what....Phone Contacts My phone contact list is now full of names listed as "AA John S." and "AA Jane D." I've collected numbers from the women at my meetings mostly and reach out to them if need be. ..Online Resources In addition to SD I have used other website's online chat rooms participating in their online meetings and open chat occasionally if I can't physically get to a meeting and need the "company" of other recovering alkies....You can do this. Build your own tool kit whatever that may involve and keep coming back. It can be done!...Edit: Multiple attempts to post a comment on this thread..but reddit has been messing with me and not allowing my revised comment to stick.  Hopefully this time it works.  
I truly hope that doesn't happen to me; however there have been a couple times I had to keep reminding myself (sometimes by the minute) "I will not drink TODAY".  ...even telling myself "tomorrow" is ok but NOT Today!..Did you go out like to a bar to drink?  For me if I decided I was going to drink I'd go to the closest convenient store buy a 12-pack go home and get totally wasted all by myself.  That thought is excruciatingly scary to me because I'm 54yo and don't think I have it in me to do another 'day 1'.  ..I hope you can hang in there.  It's helpful for me to see people here with triple-digits in their flair because it reminds me that it truly is "One Day at a Time". ..Blessings my internet friend.
Agree with /u/shineonme4ever - I've told myself more than a few times that if I feel this strongly that I need a drink tomorrow I can have a drink. But for today I will not drink...One day at a time my friend. Sometimes just one minute at a time if that's what it takes...Find out what went wrong last time form a plan of action that addresses what went wrong and just try again with one foot in front of the other.
I make my momentum by doing all the things I talk about at the [Baby Steps post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) but I have to do these things every day.  
Thanks for the supportive replies all. Unfortunately it didn't stop me and I drank two bottles of wine yesterday which resulted in me blowing off work today. I have no words for the self loathing I feel. I just have to get back on the horse. ..I had SIXTEEN years of sobriety. THAT was my life from 1987 to 2003.  Drink wasn't even on my radar. I remember having to take some wine to a party and being completely mystified as to how much it all cost and what kind of booze to get-it was so long since I'd had to deal with it. Now I'm just pissing it all away again. ..I know that beating myself up won't help but I can't be proud of what I'm doing so that's my mindset right now. Self sabotage at its finest. ..Thanks for reading-needed to vent. And reset my badge. PLEASE give me the strength to make it stick.
I know it sounds like an excuse-I really DON'T need one any emotion or situation seems to serve-but I have been binge watching Californication on Netflix and seeing so much stinking booze disappearing down David Duchovny's neck kind of planted the seed. ..I'm not justifying it at all...I've been to detox and rehab a couple of years ago gave AA a couple of tries but it wasn't for me. Something should be for me. It's got to be ME for me but I'm wobbling all over the place because I'm WEAK.
When I first came on here the check in was my savior and I felt so good about my badge and my commitment to not drinking. It was a nugget of joy like "Look at ME!!! Sober!!"Now I'm like "Oh I'll just reset the badge". I guess I should give myself credit for being honest-that 19 days is a lie and I want to show up and say I fucked up again...But as whiny as it is I don't understand why I do this...Sorry to post so much.
