-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rydhw/anyone_know_someone_who_has_literally/

My brother was a daily drinker for a few months having liquor morning to night when he was 18. One day he just stopped likely because he was getting suicidal and the only to not kill himself was to stop drinking. ..He didn't do AA rehab or any kind of outpatient stuff. He's seeing a psychiatrist for depersonalization (alcoholism cooincided with a 1-2 year long psychotic episode). ..Now when he drinks he usually goes a bit overboard all night long but doesn't drink in the following days/1-2 weeks and this has been the case for a year or so now. ..I'm in the midst of seeing if I can do this and I'm actually not failing as far as I can tell. I've drank socially about 1-2 times a week tops for the last 3 weeks and I've had little to no trouble not drinking in the following days. ..I'm somewhat worried this is me being in some kind of denial though because no one outside of me or my brother (who is likely in the same situation as me) thinks that this is sustainable or realistic. ..I used to snort dope pop speed and drink heavily every day more or less and I haven't touched dope or speed in a month. My ambivalence towards alcohol consumption is unique in that I definitely won't relapse on heroin or speed anytime soon. When my therapist asked if I felt proud about what I've done so far in not using I couldn't say yes and I have this nagging suspicion that it's my subconscious trying to tell me that I'm delusional about my drinking and that I'm still on the path towards destruction...What dyou guys think?
----------immediate responses--------

Question for you. Do you plan when you are going to drink i.e. "going to drink after work"
As someone who got off other stuff and onto alcohol I drank it because it was cheap legal readily available and built-in to American culture. I hated every second of it and it just got worse and worse. I wish I'd just left it alone tbh. 
[deleted]
When I first started trying to get sober I switched from being a nightly binge drinker to only binge drinking every few weeks. It really sucked though because I still got out of control had terrible hangovers and was not doing my health any favors. I'm just better off not drinking.
