-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3rylwj/mayday_mayday/

Hm so I am having some trouble tonight. I keep thinking about booze. And I keep thinking about how living a sober life is so different. Everything is different than it was ten months ago in a good way mostly..The trouble I am having is I'm still not sure what is me and what is not. Some nights I am in a weird mood  and I start thinking Am I really in a weird mood or maybe I just don't feel like laughing and being loud? ..It's like I don't know myself. I still struggle with parts of me that I can't say what color is what. The pool hasn't drained completely. ..And some nights I still say to myself Damn this is hard and weird. The first few months of sobriety were very surreal. I don't like that feeing and I get it every so often now including tonight. ..I have some weird dreams and this feeing reminds me of the uncomfortable dreams! I don't want to drink but I want the bizarro-type emotions to stop...Or do I?
----------immediate responses--------

I have my hard nights. More than once I've been in a funk and taken sleeping pills just so that I'd go to sleep sooner and not do something I regret. I think I just might be entering the stage you're in. I spend a lot of time wondering who I am what I really like and what's important enough for me to get "rattled" about...It used to be that at night when going to sleep rather than think about me life or whatever I got drunk and numbed myself. Now the questions loom hard. And I'm not so young anymore. I have a lot to lose choices matter. ..Growth is hard you know? 
I've found it helpful to think about how I relate to my emotions. In your shoes I'd work to view my emotions not as weird or as beside myself but as myself. I can't be anything but what I am. Maybe there are places where I want to go but what I feel is. 
If I spend too much time thinking and analysing my feelings it doesn't end well. I'll freak myself out begin a blue/red pill style questioning of everything...urgh...definitely best avoided! I distract myself in the usual ways which helps greatly. But yeah definitely with you on the way your mind works. Congrats on 298 - that's incredible! 
