-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3s4c3j/72000_minutes_1200_hours_50_days/

Well that was an eye-opening ride! Here's a melting pot of some of the things I've learned (the good the bad and the ugly):..- I'll never get bored of waking up with a fresh head...- Sobriety is not a punishment... (I'm yet to convince the majority of my drinking friends of that one)...- Everything is funnier. Yes really! Oh except for people telling me to have 'just one'. That's not funny. ..- Sleep is infinitely better but never long enough...- Drunk me thought I used alcohol to make myself more interesting... Sober me knows that I was often using it to make other people more interesting... AKA if I don't find you interesting when I'm sober I should spend my energy somewhere else!..- Even without a hangover I struggle to motivate myself at work... Before I took it as a sign I needed to sober up; and now I take it as a sign that I'm probably not happy and need to change my job...- Two words: MENTAL CLARITY!..- The best drinking buddies are not the best friends... and the best friends are not always the best drinking buddies...- It's easier to commit to social plans without the fear of a potential hangover clouding everything (yep I really struggled to commit to meeting a friend for coffee two weeks in advance just in case I had a hangover that day...) ..- I can't get rid of my anxieties but I CAN get rid of my drinking anxieties...- Activities are more relaxing when you don't rush through them to get the beer reward at the end...- Food tastes better coffee tastes better yep - even water tastes better...- I'll still have bad hair days bad skin days bad body days... bad days in general... but I know if I can wake up without smelling like a brewery I'm winning!..- I cannot moderate. Nope. Don't want to. ..- Fears are normal. A constant impending sense of doom probably isn't. ..- Life will always be a roller-coaster - but one that I now feel safely strapped into... it's also more real and meaningful and rich and full of potential for good and bad things to happen. And that's exciting and scary but REAL!..- Finally... I still can't dance without beer....
----------immediate responses--------

Great post.  Congrats on half a century!
Whoot Whoot   .One heartbeat at a time 
Great post! Thanks for all of these! I especially like..&gt;Drunk me thought I used alcohol to make myself more interesting..The thing I realized is that I wasn't interesting because I was no longer doing anything or learning anything...I simply had nothing to add to a conversation. Now as I slowly become well versed in some subject areas again I am finding that I am becoming interesting or other people think I am interesting (well at least they stay engaged in the conversation). ..
Yes! That is all... Congratulations! 
"Drunk me thought I used alcohol to make myself more interesting... Sober me knows that I was often using it to make other people more interesting... AKA if I don't find you interesting when I'm sober I should spend my energy somewhere else!"..Man this is accurate.
Thanks for this post - I've been trying to think of the pros of sobriety and you've nailed a lot of them that I haven't even thought of yet like drinking to make other people interesting vs. the fear that *you're* the uninteresting one. This was uplifting :)
What a great post astute and entertaining. I love what you said about drinking buddies and best friends. Thank you and congrats on the first 50!
I can't dance either!  Happy 50 :)
