-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3s5u2d/much_ado_about_nothing/

One of these days I'll make a post with some substance ;) In the meantime I just like to check in regularly.   ..Autumn here has shaped up to be *absolutely perfect* as far as weather should go. Lots of sun and crisp fresh air and a gradual ease into the lower digits which I *really* appreciate. These crappy winters affect my attitude worse every year so the fact that we're having a "season" this year helps quite a bit.   ..We've got hubby's medical issues sorted to a good understanding and now it's just the long wait till surgery in six weeks. There were some very sketchy moments as to whether I would have a drink or eight but I made it through the initial stress of diagnosis and letting it sink in without turning to booze. Though it didn't matter much to me in the moment I'm much better off for not having given in.   ..On top of a major dragged out financial depression I'm not really sure how I've managed outside of "one day at a time". All of the mistakes I *didn't* make because I didn't drink really have made it worth the struggle. I haven't embarrassed myself or embarrassed him. I haven't felt worn down from booze in nearly three months and I can say I don't miss that feeling one bit. I haven't raised Apple's stock with drunkenly buying entire albums on iTunes that I'll never listen to again. I haven't hurt myself. I haven't missed work from being hung over. I haven't drove drunk. I haven't had that *oh god what did I do* dread in the pit of my stomach. **That** one I really don't miss. I haven't offered my unwelcome opinions at inappropriate times without thinking it through and asking myself if it's worth it (there have been a couple that have been worth it but at least got to make the choice instead of watching my mouth open and just pour out stupidity). ..For all the things that have happened lately there are a lot of things that haven't happened since I quit this time. I've developed this amazing mental reflex when I think I want to drink that magically puts my mind a few hours ahead a little glimpse of where I'd be and my reaction has become *ugh maybe not*. I may still not be happy in that moment and I may still go to bed thinking "today was *eh*" but it's accompanied by the realization of everything the day could have turned into if I had drank and I'm thankful.   ..Sobriety still feels a little weird but the thought of going back to where I was before feels absolutely unappealing beyond the initial nostalgia. So carrying on marching forward taking pleasure in the pleasurable moments gratitude in the questionable ones and anticipation in the knowledge that there is a bunch of good stuff ahead that I'm building the foundation for now that's going to get me there. Happy Monday fellow sobernauts :)..Edit a word
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Ducklebown this is a great post!  I feel the same way especially "*the realization of everything the day could have turned into if I had drank*"...Let's both keep it going.  Many Blessings to You!
[deleted]
&gt;taking pleasure in the pleasurable moments gratitude in the questionable ones and anticipation in the knowledge that there is a bunch of good stuff ahead that I'm building the foundation for now that's going to get me there. ..YES!!!
&gt;Sobriety still feels a little weird but the thought of going back to where I was before feels absolutely unappealing beyond the initial nostalgia...This is how I feel right now too.
I like that mental reflex of putting your mind a few hours a head. I went to a small party Friday. One of the women there was pretty drunk. She was the only one to have gotten that bad. Of course had I been drinking I would have been right along side her. I am sure she had a hangover the following morning and the dread of oh God what did I do? She pissed off a few people. I feel bad for her and do not miss that at all. 
&gt;I haven't offered my unwelcome opinions at inappropriate times without thinking it through and asking myself if it's worth it (there have been a couple that have been worth it but at least got to make the choice instead of watching my mouth open and just pour out stupidity).....So when you're done writing the story of my life I'd like to buy a copy. Not implying this is your experience but with recovery I have gotten better at catching my ego before it asserts itself all over other people's lives experience. Also I am way faster and more graceful at apologizing when it happens accidentally. I think it comes with having less cause to be defensive.
This sort of nothing is worthy of your very eloquent much ado.  .Congratulations and thank you for some incredibly self-aware insight that I am confident many of us feel but can't express this well.  
