-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3s77no/im_still_here/

Hi everyone..It's been awhile since I've posted. It's been a great 121 days with most of them flying by (being super busy helps not to think about alcohol)....For awhile I used to read SD every day. For the past couple of months or so I have not mostly because I've been busy and didn't need the support as much. ..In the past couple weeks I've had some fleeting thoughts romanticizing drinking again. I've read on here a lot that a relapse starts long before you take the sip of the drink. I want to reaffirm that I am still here and I am still not drinking and I want to nip those thoughts of ever drinking again in the bud...Thanks for reading...-mfd
----------immediate responses--------

Hi mfd711.  Nice work noticing the drift and coming here to post.  Like you I spent a lot of time on SD in the beginning and a bit less around my 6 month mark but found that I needed to get grounded daily by reading (and sometimes posting) here...There is something powerful about reading SD daily for me even when I don't feel "in need" tuning into the struggles and successes of others keeps my daily commitment to sobriety in focus...Congrats on 121 days!
&gt; I've read on here a lot that a relapse starts long before you take the sip of the drink. I want to reaffirm that I am still here and I am still not drinking and I want to nip those thoughts of ever drinking again in the bud...Excellent plan.  This is true in my experience.  I was 12-13 years sober and I stopped going to AA meetings (there was not /r/stopdrinking in those days).  So I had some good momentum and I thought my daily contact with other AAs would suffice nope.  It took me a couple of years before I was finally able to rationalize my relapse but rationalize I did.  After 15 years I wandered into a bar.  Terrible really a head full of recovery and sneaking around my own neighborhood to drink like the drunk I was.  
That's smart.  Weighing the cost of your drunkenness vs the cost of spending a few minutes here per day.  That's a decision that makes itself.  I will learn from your wisdom.
