-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3s7bcm/coworkers_coming_out_and_the_restaurant_industry/

15 days ago I relapsed and went to work drunk. Since I was working at a bar and it was a Saturday night and I didn't drop any plates no one really batted an eye. I was pretty disappointed in myself (natch) but especially disappointed since this particular job I had started on day 2 of my first run at sobriety in April and I had never missed work been late called in sick or shown up drunk which is basically a miracle for me. So this relapse broke my only perfect job streak ever. I missed the next day of work at my other job at Starbucks but by a miraculous turn of events did not lose my job; I would have had a perfect streak there too...Being drunk at work after roughly seven months of sober-working was scarier than I thought. I did not feel at all able to work at my normal functioning. I find that interesting because I've never had a problem working drunk before. I've taken pride in having a clear head and higher work ethic sober for sure...I decided to come out and identify as sober and in AA at both jobs. At Starbucks we aren't drinking oriented as much but all my coworkers talk quite a bit about being hungover partying etc on the job for sure and invite me out for drinks. At the bar job there is a very clear focus on alcohol. Daily tastings standing after-work party next door and we just had a prize from the owners that was a 6 hour party bus brewery tour :P (I didn't go.) I "came out" because I want to be held accountable by my coworkers as an **alcoholic** not just as a person who doesn't taste the beer. Call it a crutch I need all the help I can get...Since coming clean about things I have had three coworkers at the bar confide in me about their struggles with drinking. All three were never close to me before but now seem happy to have shared the personal story with me and we are  now chummy for sure. They all have been sober at one point but started again and report varying levels of success (two are not at all doing well). I practiced attraction not promotion but invited all of them to come to a meeting with me if they want to. I'm not surprised other bars I've worked at have a similar high incidence of alcoholism and heavy drinking. And also quite a few sober people too :)..Has anyone else come out at work? It's a weight off my shoulders to not be so secretive and awkward. Plus now my managers know if I show up hungover or drunk its a problem and fear of their judgment/repercussions gives me another reason to stay sober today...
----------immediate responses--------

Bravo for having the courage to tell the truth about yourself. I'm glad it's been a positive experience. Kudos for 15 days sober. 
In AA there is a saying sometimes you are the only Big Book others will ever read meaning you are a power of example in your sobriety.  Good for you!
I actually just opened up to the guy that sub-contracts work out to me today. I too wanted to be honest and have the accountability. Because I work from home I don't think he had any idea but I felt I owed it to him while also announcing and owning my problem that I'm facing. Best of luck to you.
I have come out to a number of people at work.  One was an employer.  He pulled me aside at Christmas time and said " I don't know what you've done but your performance here in the last year has been amazing as well as yor attendance"  I just responded "thanks I quit drinkin" to which he replied "well whatever you're doing keep it up".  One thing to keep in mind though when telling others is that you can't untell them and you can't control how their opinion and treatment of you might change.  I have told a number of people about my struggles some of whom I barely knew but it was only because I felt they needed to hear it.  My rule of thumb for telling someone is first will it help my own sobriety and second will it help them with their struggles.  Anything else is on a case by case basis.  People tend to open up to my quite a lot now even people I don't know very well.  2 days ago a guy at work who I had only known for a day  shared some very personal problems with me about his struggles.  I did not share that I was an alcoholic but only shared what I felt would benefit us both.  We as alcoholics can be of great service to humanity but I would recommend just that you share when you feel it is the right thing to do. .
To the ones I got to know well enough to come out to they were generally supportive but it's not something I'd bring up in an interview. One in particular this was before recovery - an employer I spent about 3.5 years with (had only been there about 9 months ish at the time) I had had major attendance problems like I was perpetually on the verge of getting sacked. One day I got called to the HR manager's office walked in a both her and my supervisor were there so I was pretty sure I was getting fired. She asked me if I was having problems at home and I couldn't even talk around the question and started tearing up and asked if I could talk to her without my supervisor there so he left and I couldn't even contain myself and spilled the beans that yes I had a drinking problem and it's ok if they're gonna finally fire me. Lucky for me it wasn't just an HR trap and she offered me leave to go to rehab (which was the 3rd time I'd gone). She said something that made me want to both smile and cry she said "You're one of our best workers when you're actually here" and told me her job was to keep me there not to fire me. So I took her offer and went to rehab not knowing what to expect when I got out then when I came back I got called up to her office again - thought for sure they had decided to let me go - nope had a promotion and a $4/hr-ish raise waiting on me that I had never even applied for. They went out on a hell of a limb to support me could have easily been a bad decision on their part if I'd came back and just kept drinking.
