-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3se2q3/took_a_nice_fall_a_coupe_days_ago/

Was going upstairs Sunday with coffee in hand running up the stairs as usual. I slipped fell backwards and did some back flips hurting my back butt wrists nothing really major didn't need to go to the hospital. Just got up slowly cussing like a Sailor. Something like this would have given me the excuse I needed to stock up on my favorite beer so I could dull the pain. But I sucked it up and keep positive. Not a earthshaking story I know just happy that I didn't use the pain as an excuse to get drunk. ..Hope this Veterans day finds you all well and sober. I think I'll go for some BBQ today once I finish some work on my computer. Have a great day all my brothers and sisters that are struggling each and every day. Life is good and the short time I have been sober it is going well. Now once the pain subsides I should get my lazy ass out and exercise more! Peace to you all have a great day :)
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you didn't seriously hurt yourself!
Ouch!  As another recent SDer at sickbay I sympathize.  I tell you what not drinking simplified all of my health care decisions.
I was at a summer party last year and a group of us were doing shots.  Got really drunk. My youngest daughter (17) had to pick my wife and I up to drive us home.  My wife is not a real drinker - maybe twice a year - but she was too drunk to drive. ..On the walk to the car I stepped in a hole and fell. My right leg was sore the next day but I didn't do anything about it. ..After a month of pain - and traveling around the country for work - I finally went to my doctor.  Thought I had torn my ACL or MCL and asked for a script for an MRI. He told me it was protocol to do a regular X-ray which I thought was useless.  ..Come to find out I had been walking on a broken fibula for a month.  Doc sent me to an orthopedic guy to fix.  They took more X-rays and determined that the real issue was not the break it would heal itself. The problem was it pulled the fibula and tibia apart where they enter the foot.  ..Three days later I was in surgery and left with 4 screws and a plate in my ankle...Drinking is fun!.
