-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3sefib/i_didnt_quit_i_stopped/

A client of mine is struggling with giving up cigarettes. She hadn't smoked in about a week. So I congratulated her on quitting smoking. She corrected me and said I haven't quit I stopped...I took a lot out of that how the language of quitting is often about us giving up something whereas stopping smoking is about gaining health money etc...While I feel very comfortable using the language of quitting drinking I also like the language of stopping. I am a non drinker. Vs I'm giving something up...Just my two cents.
----------immediate responses--------

This is very very well said...Many people discuss relapse vs. slips.  Not drinking for 3 daays then drinking again isn't a relapse....it is just stopping and starting.  Ultimately my opinion on it is that for me for a long time I didn't quit drinking and get sober...I just put alcohol on "pause" for a while.  Then I hit "start" again...(not a relapse..just continuation of the same movie).....It wasn't until I truly quit drinking AND the lifestyle associated with it that I moved on to being "sober".  And that is a continual choice...because I could always put in the old disk and start the movie over....it wouldn't start from the beginning...the disk is too scratched for that...but I would start back in the same old groove heading to a graphic ending.
Great post...thank you for this.
Great post. It was only when I had a great "psychic shift" about a year into sobriety that I went from "giving up alcohol" to actually not wanting to drink. After that this sobriety thing settled into a comfortable groove and became a part of who I am.
Yes. In my continual process of quitting relapsing and quitting again what I considered to be the first "layer" of non-reason to take off was the fact that I was giving something up. For me this went hand-in-hand with the social aspect--to others it might mean giving something up and perhaps my mentality as a drinker was molded by this attitude as well. I now know very well that I'm giving up nothing. My favorite quote I've read on this subreddit goes something like "With alcohol I have nothing. Without it I have everything." Alcohol was simply a habit I stopped. Sort of like when I became a vegetarian: I never cared much for meat so it wasn't a matter of quitting--I just stopped.
Honestly that's the way I feel. Sure sure when asked I tell people I quit. But deep inside I've only stopped. Like i'm on a really long sabbatical. I've joked with my grandmother that when I turn 90 I'll start up again. Or if I don't make it that long when on my deathbed I'll ask my yet-to-exist grandchildren to bring me a 6'er of my favorite beer...But right now I love being sober.
I love these kinds of change in perspective.
I feel the same way about breathing. ^^;-)
This way of thinking is one of the biggest things that helped me. I thought of it slightly differently: I would say that I didn't quit or stop drinking but that I began my new life as a sober person. And that mindset was instrumental in keeping me positive and excited about the future instead of dwelling on something that was taken away and/or based in the past.
I try to tell myself and others that I don't drink instead of saying that I quit or stopped.
I quit drinking every day for a long while. Then one day I got the help I needed and I stopped. I'm still stopped but I have to do today what I need to do to stay that way. Keep up the good work you can do it too and it does get better. 
Yes that does sound a lot better.
I didn't stop.  I started.  Started living an addiction-free life.
A very powerful moment for me was when I switched from saying "No thanks I gave it up"  to  "No thanks I'm good"...In my mind I realized that the person offering me a drink just needed to know if I wanted one not my life story.
I stopped drinking for over a year before I quit. If someone isn't sure about quitting alcohol I would suggest to stop instead. Think things through. No commitments. For me eventually I wanted to completely remove it out of my possibilities so I just quit. I found no good reason for me to ever drink again and decided I had lost all interest and desire to drink. So I just quit.
great difference. really changes the game. 
