-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3sgcsu/i_cant_keep_doing_this/

My drinking has made me a hostage to my pain. Instead of processing my problems I merely delay and avoid. I make myself sick with this expensive dangerous poison. ..What I was doing before caused me to have chronic relapses. I have to try something else...1. Go back to therapy. I already made the appointment..2. Post in here every day.3. No alcohol in the house anymore period. No more justifying keeping it around by saying "but I could just go buy some so it's no big deal". It is a big deal. I need every second of delay so I make a better choice..4. I have to open up to my husband. He wants to talk about my fucked up past but I tend to shut him out. I'm starting to accept that until I learn to be vulnerable I am not going to heal..5. Daily journaling..6. I need to find a support group that doesn't involve tearing addicts down. Feeling like a piece of shit makes me want to drink...I'm scared. I want this so bad and I'm scared not only am I going to have a short life of pain but that I am going to hurt the people I love. I just want someone to tell me I'm going to be ok that I can do this. I feel like I'm slamming my head into a wall.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I need to find a support group that doesn't involve tearing addicts down. Feeling like a piece of shit makes me want to drink...I personally have found AA to be a major support in my 4 years of sobriety.  Without them I wouldn't be where I am today for sure..
If you have a history of trauma AA can be a good support group but it's not therapy and people there are NOT trained professionals. I learned a lot from hearing other people's stories...I get the feeling that you're not interested in the "tear you down to build you back up" method. When I got into recovery I was more of the "TEAR ME DOWN I DESERVE IT I AM THE WORST"..I assume there is a middle ground in there...that pushes enough and provides support. ..You can do this and you're ok.
I like your plan...BTW because I comment on here so much the Daily Check-in and my comments and posts here are like my daily journal.
.&gt;4. I have to open up to my husband. He wants to talk about my fucked up past but I tend to shut him out. I'm starting to accept that until I learn to be vulnerable I am not going to heal...Absolutely. Ya gotta. I talked with my SO about wanting to quit and he was sorta flabbergasted. "How long have you felt like this?" and "what was the inciting incident that made you decide?" were only a few of his questions. Talking about it out loud made it such a relief. You can only suffer in silence for so long. ...&gt;5. Daily journaling..I'm always advising people to journal. Every day. Your struggles your triumphs fears and insecurities. Whenever you feel like drinking stop and write why you feel like drinking what's on your mind at that moment and why you aren't gonna. ..I know you can do this. I have faith in you. :) 
Thank you for posting here and thinking about joining this community. I think you'll find you love it...Here is a translated version of the 12 steps many of us have found helpful:..Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head...Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers.so I'll ask for help...Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given...Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life...Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others...Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life...Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal...Step 8: List everyone I have hurt...Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm...Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors...Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people...Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me.
I once had a kind grandmotherly therapist who told me the mantra she had those close to her say (instead of 'everything's going to be okay') was: **Things are working out**.  ..Evidence that you are taking action toward this end:..1) asking for help..2) making an appointment with a therapist..3) keeping alcohol out of your house..4) posting here..For me it took somatic-based therapy to start to get free of the effects of abuse I suffered as a little girl. ..But I'm pretty sure the healing was only made possible once I stopped drinking. ..I'm pulling for you. ..Wishing you self-compassion and healing. 
