-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3sgv8v/need_some_supportadvice/

Hi you all. I have made it to 9 days which is exciting for me and I am looking forward to continuing this journey. But I am really struggling today. I started on an anti-depressant a week ago and it is making me really tired but also unable to sleep. I feel so exhausted and I can't seem to concentrate. I have a huge amount of school work today but I can't concentrate or seem to do any of it. This is causing so much stress because I don't know how I am going to finish it all. Because of this stress I want to drink. I want to just have a couple beers and then maybe I will be able to actually get a little sleep. Thank you all for all the support you have given me throughout this!
----------immediate responses--------

I am guessing that if you are posting this part of you knows that a couple beers is gonna turn into either a hell of a lot more or it will turn into a couple of beers every day. ..Maybe you need a break but a walk outside or a mug of warm calming tea will probably provide as much focus or at least some...Also you said you quit before you got on anti-depressants. You might have a reaction there that you might not like.
Hi. What you describe is normal for early sobriety. I was in a fog for awhile. It is going to take time for the brain and body to find equilibrium. Hang on. 
Just concentrate on doing the best you can and remember this discomfort is temporary. In the grand scheme of things you are doing everything right. Congrats on 9 days that is *huge*!
Congrats on 9 days!..It took me time for my body and mind to heal and to learn and practice how to cope sober. Turning to drink was my old way to cope with problems but it didn't solve them I knew I needed to find another way. I took it gently on myself and acknowledged myself for very very small steps. I struggled sleeping initially but after a while my sleep started to improve and become so much more restful than the poor imitation that was drunk sleep.
These were the days/times where I found being at a safe sober support group was the best thing possible for me.  ..Good luck my friend!
I find that the key to keeping myself from being overwhelmed is to remember that no matter how much I have to do I can literally only do one thing at a time. Then I make a list of priorities. Then I get to it. I also take a few breaks usually in between tasks. Getting up and moving around helps...As for sleep...the beer might put you to sleep but drunk sleep is terrible sleep - it doesn't refresh you like sober sleep does. Plus I could never just have a couple of beers. It'd end up being the whole six pack and then I'd be hung over rinse and repeat. These days I have a bit of success with turning off all screens a while before bed and then laying in the quiet darkness.
It will get better. You will sleep. Focus on your studies. :)
