-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3sji25/why_do_i_feel_so_shitty_this_morning/

Seriously I haven't felt this bad since I quit drinking. This feels like a hangover from hell except I didn't drink. Last night the Fiance and I along with friends went to a place called the Michigan Growler Co. Basically a place to drink beer(they have no food menu) and then get a growler to take home. I knew this was going to be hard for me and probably the closest I have gotten to wanting to relapse I love(d) craft beer. ..My saving grace wasn't ordering water but a pint of small batch Root Beer. It was so good and I got to enjoy my drink and didn't feel like an odd man out. Now we were only there about an hour and a half and 1 had one root beer. Had that been a true beer I would have probably had 3. As I was sitting around the table some guys from a brewery were passing out glasses and stickers if you ordered one of their products. When they approached my table and and gave their spiel and asked what we were drinking they gave me the swag anyway because of being the DD so win...Where the pressure came was when it was time to go and the bar was closing (8pm.) My fiance had ordered a 4-beer sampler and had some left. We were in a rush and I badly wanted to take that last glass chug it and then we could leave. I'm glad I didn't give in as I would be kicking myself today. ..This morning comes and I feel like a drank a damn case of shit beer. Headache the nausea and all that comes with a hangover. What gives? I blame the Michigan weather. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've had a couple of these too seemingly after hanging out with friends in a drinking environment the night before or so it seems. I cannot even guess what kind of psychological tricks our *bodies* can play on us because I'd be way out of my depth.  I can say I am thankful those mornings are few and far between. Maybe some days are just like that but we associate it with something we've lived over and over and over.  Maybe it's food we ate/drank lack of water or something else... You're definitely not alone in experiencing this though.  ..As far as MI weather I hate to complain because it's been soooo perfect for autumn lately.  Today though is a stark reminder that winter is indeed on it's way!  *blargh*
And here I am cranky that it's a little too cool and windy for a picnic at lunch with my wife. I'd make a pretty awful Michigander. ..I wouldn't be surprised if it was just the stress. I get really wound up when I have a craving. I haven't felt hungover per se but I have had some less than stellar nights' sleep.
Going to a place that just serves beer with your fiance and friends who will be drinking all evening is really testing yourself man. Be careful!
I'd blame the weather too.  It's that time of year and you may have something small you're fighting off.  It's amazing how many times I was probably sick for real but just chalked it up to hangover (which I also had)..I just got over being sick for roughly forever (seemingly) and I just can't believe I willingly made myself feel like that...Good job staying strong last night.
I have heard that called an emotional hangover. Having internal battles with the desire to drink is exhausting. You obviously struggled with that situation and maybe it would be a good idea to not put yourself in that position again.
