-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3sobim/its_my_29th_birthday_and_i_have_75_days_without/

Just posting this because I'm in a weird situation...I'm happy for the sobriety but I'm also alone in a foreign country for work so it's going to be a little lonely. Luckily birthdays have never been very important to me; it's not like being alone for Xmas or anything...I hope this time next year I'll be able to have just celebrated a non-drinking anniversary as well but I have this looming feeling that sometime in the next couple of months I'm going to relapse. Maybe it's because I've never made it to 4 months without a slip...Anyway we'll see.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday!..As far as my not drinking is concerned I try not to think too far down the road. Four months? Who knows! But I know I ain't gonna relapse *today.*..Could be worse. You *could* be thirty! ;-)
Happy birthday! :) ..Hopefully you don't dwell too much on the 4 month mark. I'm also 29 and this is the first time in 10 years I make it past 30 days. 
Happy SOBER birthday!  
Happy Birthday! It's mine today as well and I'm on my own for it. As you said it's not a big deal but I hope you take care and treat yourself to something special.
75 days sober is a great gift to yourself! Happy birthday!
Congrats - I did not stop til 39 and let me tell you nothing much good happened in the years from 29-39 ...
Happy birthday sober friend. We almost have the same amount of days. Keep up the great work. 
happy birthday friend. be patient and allow yourself to grow into your sobriety. employ the help of other to grow and become the person you want to be. we're rooting for you.
Happy birthday bro. I'm about four months older than you but you are ahead of the sobriety game. I'm only a month in... Longest so far. My snap is Humblejunkie and my Instagram is boundarydissolver hit me up. 
Happy birthday!! We are here for you if you get lonely. I know you can get through this sober :)
Thank you guys for all of your responses. I didn't drink yesterday and I'm grateful for that. Here goes one more sober day!
