-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ss84t/7_years_sober_today/

7 years.  Insane.  I've added a couple back posts from previous birthday posts I've submitted over the years to this sub for you to read through.  As for a current update I've finished grad school up completely and now have a career as a Data Scientist / Big Data Architect where I get to fly all over the country and help companies set up big data solutions and use their data in a meaningful productive way.  It's a pretty rad career.  Everything in my life including my family comes second to 'not drinking'.  Nothing I have now would exist if I were still drinking.  Thank you to all of you that post your struggles as you journey through this life.  ..-----------..Post from 6th year (backstory)..I can't believe 6 years has gone by. I remember the day after my second DUI my first day sober which also happened to be the day I attended my first AA meeting (hah). I was sitting in the far back and the second person to speak was a woman who said "Today I am 6 years sober today is my brithday" and I absolutely couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe that she had been sober for that long and I wondered if it was even possible if I could make it that long. I was 26 at the time thinking jesus I'll be 32 if that happens. I couldn't even imagine being 30 in my mid-twenties. Well wouldn't you know it here I am still sober. About to finish up my masters degree in mathematics next semester and start the life I always wished I'd had in the midst of my drinking feeling sorry for myself. Lots of things have changed in the past six years but one thing is the same -- I don't drink. Whatever I do in my life pales in comparison to the achievement of not picking up that first drink..In lieu of a long drawn out talk I'm going to repost what I posted last year which is a repost of what I posted the year before that (lol). It includes my backstory and at the time I was in my first semester of my last year of undergrad it was my 4th birthday. Currently I teach mathematics courses at a large university in South Florida and if you would have told me 6 years ago that this is where I'd be right now I'd have called you crazy. Anyways here you go and thank each and everyone of you for your stories -- especially the new guys...-----------..Post from 4th Birthday (backstory)..I literally can't believe it the time has flown by (save the first year). I owe it to you guys to tell you how the last four years of my life has been because you are the same kind of people that helped keep me sober...I started drinking when I was 16 but not heavily until I was 18 and a freshman in college. The first year wasn't too bad and I could sleep through most classes picking up C's but by the second year (age 19) I was a full blown alcoholic. At that point in my life school was just another obstacle inbetween my bottle and I so I quit school obviously...My life was literally wasted for the next 7 years. My schedule everyday -- wake up (2pm if I didn't have to work) drag myself to liquor store or convenience store for some booze recognize my depression drink. Then I would drive out to the bar if I could muster anybody to go with on a weeknight. When I did have to work the whole day was just a hungover haze. Every morning I would wake up and have nothing to be excited about. Everyday was the same and there was nothing I could do to change it because I knew I would be drinking again very soon that day. My life was groundhogs day...People that say they only drove drunk the times they got caught are full of shit. I drove drunk all the time. I remember waking up in my bedroom wondering how the hell I got there. I would have vague memories of the night before the party or stopping for gas and almost getting into fights with random strangers at gas pumps. The worst was when I would forget where I parked my car. I would have to search all over the neighborhood to find it hoping it wasn't in a ditch somewhere. You know what too? I have to where glasses and I would misplace them all the time when drunk before I went to sleep. I have horrible vision so it is literally a fucking scavenger hunt the next morning trying to find them. I bought thick black frames just to help me recognize them on the carpet (luckily they became fashionable a couple year later)..My first DUI was in 2004. I don't remember being pulled over at all. I do remember having to sit in the jail booking without a belt and my pants falling off trying to make phone calls (belts are weapons in jail). Somehow I managed to get bonded out. I found out that I had refused the breathalyzer so they decided to take a blood sample. It wasn't until a couple of weeks later I found that my BAC was 0.29. Because of this I was charged with the equivalent of two DUI's. In my mind this was my first DUI no big deal. Everyone I knew and associated with had at least one DUI. I got the lawyer went to the classes before my sentencing made a decent impression and got unsupervised probations for 2 years. It was literally a slap on the wrist because immediately after my joke of a sentence I was at the bar celebrating my lenient sentence!.The alcohol treatment classes I was required to attend had absolutely no affect on me. Why? Because I didn't want to quit drinking. Simple as that. Fast forward another 4 years and I get my second DUI. I remember this one a little more clearly. Same thing refused the breathlyzer so they took a blood sample. This time my BAC was 0.28. I figured "Hey this is just my second DUI no big deal. I know tons of people with two DUI's." It was only when my lawyer had contacted me and informed my that I was being charged with felony DUI and that I should prepare to go to prison for 2 years did it really sink in. Two DUI's and I was going to go to prison? How could this be? I never hurt anybody and I knew a tons of people that had multiple DUI's. My lawyer explained it like this "Your first DUI you had such a high BAC that you were charged with an excessive DUI. Your second DUI was again very high so it is again counted as an excessive DUI. Two excessive DUI's in this state and you are charged with a Felony." He explained to me that the sentencing on this one wasn't going to be nearly as lenient because according to my BAC I hadn't even attempted to slow down with my drinking in the span of 4 years and that told the judge a lot...I couldn't deal with the prison thing. Regardless I had to prepare myself for the worst. I talked to my Dad (me and him never really got along but it had been so long I had forgot why we never got along) and he explained that I must quit drinking. If I did not quit drinking there would be no help from the family. As far as he was concerned I would be dead to them. It wasn't until a few years later that he explained to me "We always loved you we just didn't fucking like you" which made a lot of sense later on..My first AA meeting was the day after my second DUI after I had found out what kind of consequences I was facing. I knew that the only thing worse than being in prison was being an alcoholic in prison. The depression I was in at that time I couldn't even imagine being locked up with a bunch of guys for 2 years. I knew I had to attempt to kick this drinking thing. Everything around me was crumbling down to the ground. All of my friends were alcoholics my parents wanted nothing to do with me I had no education other than a year of college and no decent job to speak of...My first AA meeting in a nutshell. Get out of the car stand in front of the door and smoke like 4 cigarettes in a row walk in and everyone stares at me (small town meeting) immediately look at the ground and try not to make eye contact with anyone for the next hour. This was my plan at least and I followed through with what I could but those damn people wouldn't leave me alone! They gave me some coin kept telling me I didn't have to feel the way I felt anymore and kept saying that just my presence was helping them stay sober. I thought these people were crazy but I was willing to take crazy to quit drinking. The one thing I do remember from that meeting was someone saying "To hit rock bottom all you have to do is stop digging." That hit the spot these people were making sense I can relate to that. I got out of that first meeting feeling a bit better like there was a bit of hope all I had to do was make it to the next day so I could go to another meeting. Oh they gave me some book they called the "Big Book" and told me to read it. You know how long it had been since I read a damn book?? You expect me to read this whole thing? "Harry Potter is bigger than that book I'm sure you can manage. Get started." Well that made me feel like an idiot. So I went home that night and started reading the back of it -- the stories. Thats what got me hooked. These stories were me. I wasn't unique after all!..So I kept going back. I went 5 days a week in fact for a long time. I went so much that when my sentencing came I thought it was going to be such a waste to send someone like me to prison when I could help so many people here in the meetings! Wow self-centeredness was coming back in a big way. Luckily the sentencing went really well. I was charged with a felony but given everything I had done between the charge and the sentencing I was only sentenced to 90 days in county jail with a 7 year probationary tail of course (hah). The judge made it abundantly clear that this was my last chance. If she ever saw me again I would be going straight to prison no questions asked. I took that seriously this time but I wouldn't have been able to do it without those people in those meetings...So go to jail don't get $200 dollars come out and be ready to take on the world. Nope nope it didn't work that way. Jail actually cost me a lot of money. But it was benificial. You see I was an isolated drinker. The majority of the time I would just sit in my house with a few bottles watch TV and feel sorry for myself. This consumed quite a few years of my life. So going to jail was actually pretty damn exciting. It was almost like a summer camp for me. It really opened me up I was making friends and reading again. I don't know how many books I read in jail but I really started liking Russian literature (War and Peace Crime and Punishment Dr Zhivago.. all FTW). Anyways it was nice and it was a good time to reflect and try to figure out what I was really supposed to be doing with my life because clearly all of the decisions I had made up to that point only got me to one place jail. So things needed to change. I needed some goals...They told me "no relationships for the first year." In my mind I had already gone 7 years without a real relationship so one year? No problem... I met my wife 13.5 months after I sobered up (hahah). We went on one date and I knew I had to marry this woman. She didn't even drink! Me with someone that doesn't even drink! Have the stars aligned? How is this possible? She's my safety net. I know if I have 1 drop of alcohol the only thing I will see is the door slam because she'd be gone so fast you wouldn't even notice. I love her even more for that...Throughout the past four years I have made a lot of great friends in the program. I made a lot of great friends outside of the program too except these are real friends. Unsurprisingly when my old friends had found out I had quit drinking and started going to meetings the phone calls stopped. If you're a drinker you hang out with drinkers that just how it is. Nothing is more of a bummer than being a drunk and trying to hangout with someone who doesn't drink. So that worked out in my favor. I got married 1.5 years into my relationship with my wife. Best day of my life. She was trapped now. :)..So now I had a family. Still in a shitty job. What do do? School. This time I had the tools to do it right. I never miss a class (unless its to work on another class.. strange how that works out sometimes) and have been going to summer classes in addition to fulltime semesters for the past 3.5 years. I graduate with my BS in Mathematics this coming Spring. If you would have told me 5 years ago that this would be my life I would have told you you're insane. The guy that barely passed algebra2 in highschool is going to get a BS in Math?..Look at it through my point of view. I haven't had a drink for four years. Thats the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. Every other goal I set for myself is just frosting on the cake. Nothing I ever do in my life will even be a modicum as difficult as not drinking. Sure these days I don't get cravings or urges (those stopped about a year in and the dreams stopped about 2 years in) but I still remember it. I still watch movies and tv shows of people having good times while drinking. I just came to the realization that I abused that privilege -- forever. I've drank enough in my life to kill whole populations of towns in North Dakota and adjacent states. I've had enough. Nothing -- let me repeat that -- nothing will ever be as difficult for me than not having that first drink. But I don't have that first drink and so the cycle has stopped...Getting back into school was another journey in and of itself. My state university wasn't so hip about giving me financial aid again after my first attempt (7 years previously yea they don't forget). I worked my ass off wrote tons of letters begged stole and borrowed (ok not stole) and as I write this its 1am my time and I just finished up a take-home number theory / abstract algebra exam. It takes a lot of work but I put the time in because everything I do that makes me a better person puts distance between me and the person I was only 4 short years ago..So this already looks like a big ramble from some dude so I will end it here. I could go on for many many more pages of text but I won't submit you guys to that...Here is my message to the new people. Don't drink. Do everything you can possibly do in your power (and others power) not to drink. Go to meetings take the advice (even if it is crazy talk crazy is better than dead or in jail) and make some damn friends! My closest friend is a guy I met in AA and even though he doesn't live near me anymore he will always be the best friend I have. Don't look at every superbowl you're going to miss out on by not drinking don't look at all the holidays you will "not have a good time at" because you'll be surrounded by booze as a sad or bad thing. In time you'll see that as just silly talk. I have a son who has never seen me drunk in his life. I have a wife that has never seen me drunk in her life. These are the best gifts I have recieved from sobering up. Good luck to you all
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 7 years.
congrats and thanks for the in depth post.
great story. I am glad you posted this and it was worth the read!
Way to go! That's so great! 
Great read -- very inspiring for someone who doesn't have much sober time (yet!)
Thanks for taking the time to write that all down. I appreciate the sharing. Good work!
Kudos man. I got back into a 4-year uni earlier this year and I'm also working on a degree in math. It's tough but definitely rewarding.
Congrats well done!
It was cool to read in the 4th year post that you were working on that take-home exam knowing that by your 6th year post you were teaching math already...I took a lot from this post thank you. Happy 7 years.
Awesome job congrats!
Congrats! Love the previous posts too!
**High^FIVE!** for seven years!
Amazing post. Congrats on seven years!
Thank you for sharing and congrats. Inspiring.
Gratz!
CONGRATS!! You are an effing miracle.
I really enjoyed this post. Thank you and congratulations! I can't imagine seven weeks sober or seven months. I feel so inspired by your story though so thank you again.
What an incredible journey you've shared. Reading it was a highlight of my morning and really is giving me the motivation to work on the papers I need to write because I have been given a second chance with my education. You met your wife 13.5 months after getting sober? That is almost unbelievable it's so amazing. 
Inspiring. Congratulations!
That's incredibly awesome.  Thank you for this great post.
Woot
Such an inspiring story - thank you for sharing.  BIG congratulations on your 7 years!
As someone currently unemployed and in a somewhat alcohol soaked rut this post gives me huge hope especially the job part! Thanks for posting and Congratulations That's a great achievement!
Congrats mate! 
Great story. Good for you! It's great to be sober.
Congratulations on your 7 years it's amazing to read all the positive changes that have happened!! You are awesome :)
Congratulations!
Heroic; well done and thanks for the inspiration.
You're a fucking inspiration. Thanks for posting.
Captivating and informative read. Thank you for sharing and congratulations! 
Congrats!
Way to go!!!
Thank you so much for sharing this really struck a cord with me. Congrats on all of your success and thanks for sharing your story warts and all. To the next 7 years!
Congratulations on 7 years. This was so good to read. Thank you. I'd lost sight of the big picture.
