-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3su89b/anyone_here_stopped_or_is_willing_to_stop/

I'm 23 years old and I've decided to stop drinking alcohol. In the last two years I've made no progress in any of my main goals (fitness and financial). I live in a country where alcohol consumption per capita is so ridiculous that we are in the top 3 countries according to this index. I never drink more than two days and usually go only for one day. But when I drink I almost always blackout and can't remember how I got home. Hangovers are so hard that I wake up still drunk. But I sleep eat junk food and only get up out of bed the other day. I usually start feeling normally again only in the middle of the week. I somehow can handle my workouts probably due to consumed junk food (many calories) but I'm not losing weight nor I'm progressing on my strength..But here is the point to lose body fat is one of my main goals and those alcohol drinking times ruin it. Even if it's once in a month all the progress disappears after that and it's harder to gain motivation. So this is me for the last 2 years. When I think like that it scares me. Not to mention I'm broken now because of that because I've spent thousands on parties and alcohol. Fucking stupid thing...So I'm not drinking for 28 days now and I've gained back my motivation to reach my goals. Get in my desired shape again save up some money for future. But it's very hard as I get so much pressure from my environment. Everyone drinks including my best friends. Also parties in Christmas and New Year's Eve are coming but I will do my best not to drink and reach my goals. I know I can stop drinking for months but I'm afraid of relapses after I reach my goals. It has already happened but hopefully I will be rational this time.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I'm 24 and I'm also having a difficult time trying to quit. I've been constantly drinking for the past couple years and I used to be able to stop drinking during the business days and save it for the weekends but now I'm having trouble trying to stop for 24hrs. I drink till I blackout and now when I wake up with a hangover I look down at my stomach and see how big I've gotten. I've gained 20lbs and I feel ashamed at how I can't quit at how I can't seem to happy being sober. Sober fill like time is moving slowly and I can't stand just AHHHH! But I'll keep trying. Like you I need to work on my body and my finances. And my future!
I'm 26 now but I quit drinking when I was 23. I started drinking when I was 18 but in 5 years it had completely ruined me. I had lost relationships dropped out of college twice and attempted suicide once all because I couldn't figure out how to beat this thing. Eventually I came to the conclusion that I needed to stop drinking completely. That was a terrifying realization at 23. I really didn't know how to live life without alcohol and like you my friends drank. My experience has been that the people that truly cared about me eventually stopped even offering alcohol. My life is completely different from how it used to be. My finances are on track even if I'm not swimming in cash and I dropped 50 pounds after I stopped. Come February I will have been sober 3 years and it's truly been the best decision of my life. Feel free to PM me if you want more information about my personal experiences or how I've learned to live as a sober young adult. 
I quit when I was 23 as well. Also the best decision I ever made. I know a lot of people wish they quit early. Because I'm sober I get to have a life. I have linked to my story I posted awhile ago. I think the only difference is I finished my second masters have been married longer and obviously I've been sober that much longer as well. I passed 12 years in September. ..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2e8tos/my_story/?ref_source=email&amp;ref=share.
I'm 23 aswell and went to my first aa meeting today. It was awesome and pure bliss to talk to people who are twice my age and are so much alike with me. I met these folks who had terrible things happen to them because of alcohol and I knew if I didn't stop drinking now I would be recreating those things in my life too it would be so bad at some point for me too. 
