-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3sv1bl/i_made_it_7_days_sober/

Hey everyone I want to thank this community and everyone who continues to show support to all those struggling with addiction. I came here last week after a binge that nearly killed me fed up with myself and my drinking. ..I poured my heart out and was met with nothing but love. No judgement no condescension just support. I've been reading the posts here daily and it's clear to me now that my career as a blackout drunk ended last Saturday when I terrified my husband and nearly destroyed our life together. ..I know 7 days isn't much to most of you here but for me it's a mountainous victory. I'm already feeling better and happier. ..One of the last things my mother gave me before her sudden unexpected death (which is what launched me into this 7 year long self-medicated haze) was a little silver NA/AA pendant. I've had it stashed away for these past 7 years unable to look at it. Last night I took it out and put it on. When I felt the Friday night party bug start to bite I played with it around my neck. Here I am now Saturday night sober for 7 days. The clarity of mind that came with this week of sobriety has been a massive eye opener. I cannot *believe* what I've done to myself what I've allowed myself to become. ..I'm so hopeful for the future now. I know that in the coming weeks things will improve even more and maybe - just maybe - I'll get to a point where I can look in the mirror and be proud of who is looking back at me. Someone she'd be proud of too. ..Thank you all so much.  ..***..Edit: Aww shucks thank you for the gold. (:
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! The first week is HUGE! You should be very proud of yourself.
Congratulations!  Keep up the good work. Be proud of your accomplishment!
[removed]
You did it. You're over the hump now...Now you can see it's totally not as bad as you thought it would be. You can do it. Your life is going to keep getting better!
Don't sell yourself short 7 days is a big deal. For me those first 30 days were the hardest. If you keep the momentum going it will just keep getting better and better. Hang in there! 
Awesome! I'm fourteen days tomorrow and seven days was a big turning point for me this time around:)
Seven days is ..#big!..Keep climbing keep making it. Remember the pride you feel now because it can carry through some of the low spots coming up.
Ice cream got me through the first month cravings. And exercise. It gets much easier.
The first week sucked for me good job everything will get better one day at a time. 
Congrats - those 7 days can feel like an eternity huh?  
Congratulations. Keep there progress going. You can do it.
Congratulations and keep at it :-)  I hit the 7 day mark yesterday so I know how great you feel. Our new lives are only just beginning  stay strong 
KEEP GOING. Don't look back. You have *nothing but better things ahead of you*! Don't even crack that door for one single drink. It's NOT worth it! Keep going keep going keep going! ..Congrats!  :)
That's so awesome. 1st week is one of the biggest steps. I don't think it gets any easier but you've shown yourself to you can do it now. Don't ever forget how you feel right now. Congratulations. Keep going strong!
Congratulations!!! 
I'm glad you have that pendant. Your mom would definitely be proud of you. Bring her on this journey with you by wearing it when you need it! 
Congrats on you first week!  One week is an amazing accomplishment.
Dude 7 days is fucking fantastic. Great work.
7 days is a huge victory. My experience is that the more time I get under my belt the stronger my sobriety becomes. So getting those first days in is crucial!!
Good job keep it up! Just remember that the initial high of sobriety will pass start thinking of some small goals in the back of your mind to work on and keep you busy when the honeymoon phase passes...You know a new hobby go running read a new book or watch a new movie I'm sure you have a handle on what would be your flavor. Before you know it it'll be second week of November 2016 and a year sober enjoy getting the monkey off your back!
Congrats I'm celebrating one week too.  It was amazing to to to bed last night wanting to read a book. That would never happen on an alcohol night where short attention span meant Reddit or YouTube until I passed out.  Bed also felt cozy and relaxing.  This is like finally being able to savor the finer things again.
We both!!! Congratulations!
Congrats! I'm excited to reach a week for the first time in almost year myself. That's awesome. 
