-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3swld5/i_am_feeling_extremely_socially_isolated_and/

This is probably going to be a long rambling post as I am trying to set the stage for my current predicament. I am 41 years old. I have been drinking almost daily for the last 20 years. I have had some periods of sobriety in those years but always went back to the bottle. I have made up my mind that there is no longer a place for alcohol in my life and I am comfortable with that thought. I am taking it one day at a time but I now look at alcohol as the poison that it is and have absolutely no desire to drink whatsoever. .Now comes the really hard part for me. I got divorced this past Summer. My ex wife and I were together for about 10 years. We spent most of those ten years drinking together and alienating ourselves from all of our friends and family. About this time 2 years ago we started coming to the realization that our marriage was not going to survive. We tried being sober more and going to therapy but there wasn't much of a marriage left to save at that point. The one thing that we really liked doing together was drinking. We were basically just drinking buddies at the end of our marriage and that was starting to get old. I will try to sum up the last year of my life quickly as this is starting to get long winded. I had wanted to quit my job for a long time and did so in April. I moved in with one of my few remaining friends and his wife in May. I worked full time and drank with my friends this Summer but I think that my level of alcoholism made them feel uncomfortable drinking around me and they started to distance themselves from me. They asked me to move out in August and I found a place to live with one of my new coworkers who not coincidentally also has a problem with alcohol..This brings me to the current state of things. I am 41 and I am living in small town Wisconsin(pop 8500). My job was seasonal landscaping so I am currently on unemployment. I have lots of time very little money and no friends..I have repaired the relationship with my family and they are supportive and live about an hour away. They have even offered a place to stay but I don't think that I can move home at 41. I already have low self esteem and depression and I fear that would just be magnified. I am currently 17 days sober with no desire to drink anymore. I walked past the local AA meeting on Friday night and it looks friendly and welcoming but I am not really a "group" kind of person due to my social anxiety and depression. This is starting to look like a long Winter folks. I would like to move someplace warmer and have some adventure in my life. .I don't really know what I am looking for in terms of responses. Maybe just some ideas on where to go from here but any responses are welcome! Thanks for reading about my struggle!
----------immediate responses--------

Why don't you try the AA meeting see how it is? You don't have to talk - sit at the back with a coffee and just listen? It's only a suggestion but for me I suck at being alone. I'm just not good at it yet! 
I too sobered up and realized how isolated I had become. Days passed with few human interactions. Then I started taking the depressed dog for a walk. A.) Increased socialization B.) Increased sunshine and vitamin D C.) Increased endorphins and improved health and mood and finally D.) Happy well-behaved dog. Try it! First walk is the most difficult.
You know the majority of the people in meetings most likely have social anxiety.  It's extremely common for alcoholics to have and seems to go hand in hand with the whole drinking problem.  I was able  to slowly to get better over time by listening and then sharing with others who knew where I was coming from.  Give a meeting a try .  It might just be what the doctor ordered.
Welcome /u/beamish007 to /r/stopdrinking -- at this [link is a post called the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which consists of the things I do to stop drinking and get sober.  I hope you'll take a moment and look at it and see if anything there will be helpful to you.  Best of luck to you.
Most of the people in the aa group I attend have social anxiety. So much so that it almost seems like they go hand in hand. I've never been to a meeting where they forced you to talk/introduce yourself/ or anything else that would make you feel uncomfortable. There have been many where people will come up to you after or before to try to make you feel more comfortable. The whole idea is about support not chasing people who want help away. If you want to have a good sober network of people in your life I would suggest just stopping by a meeting sometime. If it truly makes you uncomfortable no one can force you to go back. 
