-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3szit5/my_roommate_has_gotten_much_more_annoying_since/

He's always been kind of vain and condescending which is funny considering he's not all that bright but I still like the guy. He's struggling with an identity issue because of a "traumatic" childhood. I don't mean to make light of his childhood trauma but I've had my fair share of childhood trauma as well... I just don't make excuses out of it. He drinks and smokes weed on a daily basis and when I drank I had a better time tolerating it. Lately I can't understand why he invests so much of his energy into getting intoxicated. I feel like I need to get off of my high horse but at the same time I've been trying to study all weekend and he came into my room today and bothered me for like 3 hours straight talking about these business ideas he has. I'm all for talking about business but he can't be actively drinking and expect me to take him seriously. He's really disrespecting himself...To top it off he tells me I should drink and smoke with him. He constantly suggests that I drink and smoke with him. I tell him I'm not interested and he starts to explain to me that he doesn't want to see me turn to drugs a year from now when I have an emotional situation... So his proposed solution to avoiding a pitfall later is to get high right now instead??..This guy is a shining beacon of the mess I left behind. I WILL NOT DO ANY DRUGS TONIGHT!!! Grr.
----------immediate responses--------

Roomie has a problem. Your quitting points out the problem. This creates a cognitive dissonance which roomie is trying to solve. My prediction is one of two things: ..1) It gets worse until you or he moves out. ..2) He decides to quit or you start drinking again. ..I really wish you the best. I have lots of support and it's still very tough. 
26/M. It's hard enough to stay sober in the society we live in. I can't watch YouTube without seeing a Johnny Walker Blue Label Ad or go on a date without being reminded of the seduction of alcohol. This is an everyday thing. If I was in your situation (which I was) I'd find a new living situation (which I did). Not saying it's easy but if your serious about your sobriety you'll be willing to go to any length to stay sober.  
That sounds rough. My sympathies. Sounds like he's lonely. I hope you can find another living situation eventually. Until then just remember that only you have the final decision of whether or not you drink.
