-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3t1clq/one_year_sober_yesterday/

I know my badge is off 2 days.  I just entered it in wrong.  ..Anyway this has been a crazy year.  It started with me endangering my kids while drunk when my wife was out of town.  I was walking my kids on the back of my bike drunk- down to the McDonalds on the corner and someone called the cops.  I was not charged with anything but had a child abuse case which has been resolved.  Immediately following the event with my kids I went into treatment and spent six months in Rehab and have been out since June.  Now I live in an Oxford House (dry house) and life is not what I would call spectacular but it is getting easier day by day.  I spend time with my kids and hope to restore my marriage which is still up in the air.  ..I am slowly putting my life back together.  I still struggle with the idea of drinking especially with the idea that if things don't work out with my family that I will go back to drinking.  This is the central challenge in my recovery...I am not one of those folks who quits drinking- feels great- gets their life back and is filled with gratitude.  Still I know that I am living my life how my Higher Power would have me.  I know that I need to keep doing what I am doing and that is my plan- one day at a time.  I am confident that as I continue in AA- working the steps with my sponsor- that the pieces will fall into place.  ..It's been a hell of a year.  I am sticking with this program and I thank folks for the support I have found on SD.   
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that's great!  I'll add you to /r/dinos momentarily so look at your inbox!
**High^FIVE for 365!**
Spectaculaire /u/testiculaire! 
Congratulations! Keep putting those pieces in places and your plan in action.
Sounds great to me!!!! Congrats!
You are great! Love to read your comments you have wonderful honesty and insight. Wishing you well on this fine day.
Nice! Congratulations!!
Congratulations to you on your 365!!! Keep on doing because your doing great :)
Congratulations on a year of sobriety!  That's a real accomplishment.  Things may not be perfect every day but think about how much better they are (and how much worse they could be...)
[removed]
Nice one on a year sober! A really inspiring read too thank you :)
Congratulations on your victory and best of luck with the challenges ahead I know you can do this.
congrats! that's excellent success in the right direction
Congrats!
