-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tba3a/18/

Two years ago as I stashed bottles around the house hid my alcohol purchases from my wife picked up my kids from school already well buzzed isolated lost interest in interests I could not imagine my life now...A year and a half ago lost in self-pity lost in despair lost my self identity lost in anger just **lost** I could not imagine my life now...A year ago struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts struggling to build a new self-identity struggling to be a better father just struggling I could not imagine my life now...Six months ago I could imagine my life now. It's not perfect not all rosy and I'm still waiting for the unicorns and rainbows. I still have work to do. But it is so much better than where I *was*. The community connections concern and care here on /r/stopdrinking have been hugely important to get me to this point. Thank you all very very much.
----------immediate responses--------

One day in I really love being on this sub and reading stories like this. It gives me hope a little light on the inside worth traveling towards...I'm very happy for you embryonic_journey and I can't wait to find myself there. x 
Yay you!  So glad to hear of the increased clarity and quality of life you are experiencing.  You are an inspiration to many of us my friend.  BTW I spent like 2 hours laying in front of the fireplace reading the entire Calvin &amp; Hobbes!  It was awesome!
You have been very important to this community my friend.
Unicorns and rainbows yes please. Tonight I seriously thought about picking up a bottle again but your message reminded me that things have indeed gotten better and there's still much to improve upon so why turn around and go backwards now? Onwards to my own 18...Thank you..
I've not found unicorns but I've seen some pretty beautiful rainbows when I've gone cycling in the rain :)..I love how sobriety was like a secret garden to me quite unimaginable at the outset waiting to be discovered. It's great to have you here and hear of your changes quite inspirational!..Edit: unicorns
That's all very good news EJ! Really good...I heard this the other day: "Perfect" is the enemy. "Alright" is what we should shoot for. ['Enemy' is pretty harsh but I get what they mean.]..Anyway sounds like you're alright.
Very well said!!.
No thank you! Congratulations on the 18 month milestone. 
   ..Waiting on my unicorns and rainbows too. .Think ours got lost along the way. .Got a whole lotta stuff that is pretty good though... so I'm pretty happy without the glitter and sprinkles. ..Congrats on 540 days - in a row.  NICE!
Epic milestone. Congrats! :D 
Thank you!!  That helped!
