-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tel8m/feedback_on_iop/

I am in the fourth week of an Intensive Outpatient Program and am struggling with the lack of structure and free-form discussions. ..We meet three days a week for three hours at a time and it feels like we're just jumping from crisis to crisis either because of a relapse or potential relapse instead of building better tools and coping skills. ..In the end I am concerned its just an overpriced version of AA and I should just go straight to the source and work through the Twelve Steps with a sponsor and develop a healthy fellowship and commit to some service work. Instead I am (paying to) focus most of my time on processing my feelings and the feelings of a revolving door of group members.  
----------immediate responses--------

Have you thought about doing both? I'm in IOP and there should also be individual therapy you are doing. Just try to have an open mind. I am finding I am making great friends and as long as I have an open mind I can benefit from it. My 11 days can help those who only have a few. Keep trying.
What were you expecting from IOP?
Most of the time my friends (including my adult daughter) did best in IOP or treatment when instead of critiquing the program of recovery or trying to fix it--they concentrated instead on trying to fix themselves.
I went to rehab and then an IOP. I'm now doing AA (after dipping in and out of the rooms for awhile). For me I felt like IOP had people on such utterly different pages that for lack of better words it wasn't helpful for me.  I enjoyed the 1:1 therapy sessions provided but not so much the group. Most were there because someone in their life was making them attend. Many had little to no grasp on recovery and I actually brought up processing relapses in a more structured way because quite frankly it got a bit much hearing some romanticize their experience for the entire session. I used to turn my nose up at AA (majorly) but I've really come to appreciate the common bonds wisdom and honesty that is present. Seeing people actually flourishing in recovery was a HUGE factor in my sincere desire to be sober.
