-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tqsrs/eight_and_a_half_months_in_considering_relapse/

I don't know I just really want to drink. Somehow my obsession has come back full force after not craving alcohol for 6 months. I just really want to get hammered and finally feel the stress go a bit...The only thing keeping me from drinking is my accountability to my sponsor friends family and work. I've been feeling this way for a couple weeks now. ..I've been isolating a lot recently and my energy levels over the last two months have fallen dramatically. I have no desire to connect with people or leave my home and even when I'm home I don't do anything. Just lay here and wait until it's time to go back to work. ..I'm probably going through a really typical depression cycle heading into winter and all. I don't want to take ssris again because the side effects are super shitty. ..Any advice? How do I navigate this?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there. I'm so sorry you feel like this. I've heard it said that relapses happen weeks and even months before the alcohol is procured.  So I guess I would ask what was working for you that now is not? 
Hum. I see you have a sponsor. That is good. Are you a good sponsee? Meaning by that: do you tell him stuff like what you are posting here ? Friends family and work are all great assets in our lives. But the real kickers are our sponsors (I have two which I refer to as my coaches - one for the steps the other for the traditions). Sponsors are not there for accountability. Actually the very good ones will not even blink an eye if you relapse - It's your life you are throwing away (along with your loved ones and those you might kill in your quest for destruction). Not their's. They are there to guide you. Why don't you send him this thread and see what he thinks ?   
Have you told.ypur sponsor this? 
All of my relapses even when they seemed spontaneous or actually created long in advance. My alcoholic brain encouraged me to drink in subtle ways and then I started planning to drink. Relapse always brought me back to where I was in my alcoholic drinking and often worst. My disease progressed while I was sober. I'm so glad you posted. By being honest and accountable and asking for support we can kick butt.
Hang in there. All cravings pass eventually... How do you want to feel afterwards?
May of this year I took a drink. I couldn't get back into the rooms for 4 months. Spent about 15-20K or more started stealing IV drug use got fired couldn't work even when I had stuff lined up you get the picture. Love of my life left (good for her). I'm just really lucky to be alive and without any legal troubles...The thing is prior to that drink I felt the same way you feel now. I struggled with the obsession for a while and one day I just decided to give in. Constant thoughts were driving me nuts. Then I just couldn't stop drinking and drugging. You know how it is.....I hope you stay with us. It's a lot less painful that way...My sponsor told me to reach out to newcomers at meetings and get their numbers. Then he told me to call them (as well as some other guys with sobriety). I tell ya when I start going crazy and I call another new guy and listen to his problems my problems just vanish! ..Have a good day friend.
&gt; I don't know I just really want to drink. Somehow my obsession has come back full force after not craving alcohol for 6 months. I just really want to get hammered and finally feel the stress go a bit...This sounds like an honest admission.  I felt this way at one time years ago after 15 years SOBER; I gave it all away.  The problem in hindsight is that tragedies ensue and many or most never make it back.  I hope to see you again. We'll be here.
I would say this is a normal feeling 7-9 months in.  I know I felt it. Everything was getting better and I was forgetting the destruction alcohol wrecked on my life. I told someone and recommitted myself to sobriety. Best decision ever. ..I hope you can continue to grow beyond this. A whole ton of magic happened for me after the first year. All the little investments I made in sobriety began to pay dividends--large dividends. Wouldn't give it back for anything. 
Buy an SAD lamp it might help with the winter blues. Spend some time really considering hangovers - scares the bejesus out of me! And maybe think about finding a sponsor more in line with your belief system. Mine is also a none believer and he's taken me through the steps the way he did it. Personally I think that it's the best way otherwise you're fighting two things at once booze and your your corner. Be safe.
Maybe you should find a new sponser? You don't have to be religious to get this thing. Have you told your sponser you are considering relapse? Here's the thing: if you're an alcoholic you're gonna wanna drink sometime. It doesn't happen all the time and in my experience it happens so seldom it is very memorable and I learn a lot from it. But it does happen and its not like people can only stay sober because they don't want to drink anymore its that they used to want to drink all the damn time and then got some tools to work through it and now they don't drink not because they never think of it but because there are better ways to cope. It sounds like you are in a real slump and I would hate to hear of you slipping back into active alcoholism... have you shared this at group level? Isolating is a real killer so please do yourself justice and go to a meeting and talk to some people- get a new sponser if you're not feeling yours. I could not imagine myself with a sponser that was really religious just because I have such a knee-jerk reaction to it. Think about what has kept you sober these past 9 months and congratulations by the way that is quite a feat! 
If you dislike winter get a light box that runs at 10000 lux up your vitamin D and if you can paint your room an uplifting color. DO NOT LET WINTER STEAL YOUR SOBER SHINE! RAGE AGAINST THE DYING OF THE LIGHT! ..Really though breathe and keep taking it day by day. Find a project you can slowly chip away at but has noticeable progression. Keep talking journal observe your thoughts and tend them well. Just don't drink. It is guaranteed to make you feel worse. Focus on the good. Stay sober friend. 
Damn you just described how I've been feeling the last few weeks. I've been attributing it to seasonal depression. ..I don't have a sponsor but have been going to meetings using light therapy (just started so no review yet) and am going back to talk therapy. ..But yeah life is kinda hard now. I feel ya. 
You're almost to 9 months. Congrats. That seems like an eternity to me. ..I think it's good you are posting here rather than boozing. I wish I had some good advice but I'll be pulling for you. 
are you attending meetings regularly?? they help me.. all the "lame" suggestions actually work. i got a job giving out chips and it forces me to show up and communicate with people...nothing can get better from drinking it can only get worse. after you'll just feel bad. but remember if you do relapse you can always come back. and you must! get back on the horse dont give up on yourself and dont beat yourself up. relapse happens. but it doesnt have to happen today take it one day at a time. i believe in you i am sending you my thoughts and love from one AA to another &lt;3
[deleted]
Hey guys just an update. I opened up to my sponsor today and we've got some stuff planned for tomorrow. I've committed to a 30 in 30 some H.I. work and a gratitude list. Just going to throw myself back at this thing for a while. ..As my sponsor put it I'm good at not picking up the bottle now but I'm on an emotional relapse now. I think it's true. The guy is really smart and has this thing pegged down well. ..Thanks so much for all the support everyone it really picked me up today. Incredible support this sub is...Cheers
