-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tvjqp/struggling_tonight/

It might be my ear in pain it might be me just being irritable all day...or it may be the fact it's gotten cold outside (which personally I love the cold).  I am craving a good dark ale pretty bad.  I used to love cracking open I good stout or porter and enjoy the weather outside...I wish I could have just one.  I wish I could go grab a pint and sip on it all night long...I would only have the one.  I only liked having 1 heavy beer...it's all I needed on a cold night.  Why can't I have JUST one?..Oh yeah....cause this disease sucks.  I wouldn't have just one.  I would have one tonight and one tomorrow night...and then the cycle repeats.  Next thing I am having a glass of whiskey before the pint.  Then I would add wine to the mix.  Then I would be right back where I was 41 days ago.  Blackout drunk with no remembrance of how I got home...or really who I was with... I do remember how pissed my wife was...how disappointed my daughter was.  And how I had to make a decision what was more important  the drink or my family. Pretty easy choice.  ..But that's the thing...it's not that easy.  Pedro (that damn alki voice) just doesn't shut up.  And this endless ringing in my ears....just makes me want to throw something...or take ANYTHING to drown out the pain.  Just give in to have ONE night of peace and quiet...But I can't.  I won't.  my family is the RIGHT choice.  So I will sit on my computer drinking a Honey Cream Soda play a game read SD and hopefully help some other pour soul tonight.  Cause I know if I am struggling tonight someone else is too.  ..Damn this disease.  Damn this endless ringing in my ears.  And especially DAMN Pedro.  If anyone else is having a hard time tonight feel free to PM me.  I know I will be up for several hours. Sleeps overrated anyway.
----------immediate responses--------

I seem to be getting a pretty nasty ear infection once a year for awhile now--particularly at this time of year.  In fact I'm on my last dose of antibiotics because fortunately this year I caught it early.  Feeling out of sorts is certainly a set-up for wanting to drink because alcohol was always my default.  ..But I don't relate to the wanting "just one"-- I never did want just one.  Oh I might say that but the reality is that with just one I wanted more and more and if I was anywhere near my car I'd be a scud missile out on the roads looking for my supply.  Nope not today and not tonight.  ..I hope you feel better soon my friend speaking for myself I'd hate to lose you to this craving.
Not feeling well puts me in a vulnerable place too. But wanting "just one"? Never. Why bother? But I know what you mean. You wish you could drink like a normal person. In early sobriety that crossed my mind more than once. However I am one of the lucky ones who was so physically addicted that there has never been a doubt in my mind that I'm an alcoholic and alcohol is my enemy. Thanks for your post and reaching out to others. Cravings come and go. You seem to know that. Today is another day sober. Hurray!
The one thing that works best for me when I am struggling with resentment or temptation is to help out anther alcoholic. This always reminds me what a precious gift sobriety can be. Do you have someone you can call IRL for support?
[deleted]
Once upon a time I could sip on a stout for a while. But it was really several pints cause I was out with friends and why shouldn't we celebrate a bit. And then there was the whiskey gin or rum to get me there and then some so I could sleep. The nostalgia fades when I'm honest...There is something about fall that calls for a dark creamy drink. I've been experimenting with decaf coffee in the crisp fall evenings. Brew up a cup thick enough to stand a spoon maybe a bit of honey ginger or cinnamon and some heavy cream... pretty satisfying to make and to sip.
