-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3tz58p/relapses/

I was broken up with a week ago. During our whole telephone conversation I got called out on my 'self-destructiveness' apart from other things. No one really has told me my truths in a politely caring way like he did that night. It just seems like I was more emotionally invested in the relationship which ended up with me being more affected than I think he was. Afterwards I called and told one of my close friends and (despite my better judgment) agreed to be taken out for drinks. Black out. Apologies in the morning. Then the next day I went out with my friends I kept drinking to the point where the person who had driven us had to call one of my friends to figure out where to drop me off (I blacked out). Another apology tour with a different group of friends ensued the next morning. They all tell me not to worry about it and they're just glad I made it safely back home. But now I'm actually worrying more and more about my own emotional mental and physical health. I keep going to these AA meetings but I keep falling into the same pattern and I know it's because I haven't been entirely committed to the steps. Therapy also is still there. Sometimes it takes several falls to finally accept the fact that I'm destroying once wonderful friendships single-handedly. ..One of my best friends gave me a dog that they no longer were able to house and as silly as it might sound I haven't really wanted to drink since then. I keep thinking to myself "If I drink I'm going to keep drinking and I can't drunkenly walk her feed her or play with her." It's helping. ..Sorry for the long post. I just have a jumbled brain at the moment.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  Some good first steps might be to tell all of these friends that you are an alcoholic and want to be sober and/or finding some sober supportive friends.  I know both things helped me tremendously. 
I relapsed and lost nearly everything but my whole life changed for the better when I remembered that [if I followed the directions my AA sponsor laid out for me](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  I would get sober and stay sober.  That's how I got to here.
You seem to be OK with AA meetings but do you have a sponsor?..When I first started going to AA and NA I wasn't really committed so refused to get a sponsor and as such continued to drink.  When I finally decided I was going to do whatever it takes to stay sober (in other words when I finally took my doctors advice) I got a sponsor and stuck to her like glue (she's sober so it gave me no time to drink).
[removed]
Perhaps this dog is actually saving your life. My cat did. It was still a kitten when I stopped drinking. I took the opportunity that my wife was away for a week to go on a streak of AA meetings. Binge AA I could say. In between meetings I had to care for Laguna. That's how I got through my first week - and how the cat and I became best buddies. Now we team up together to make my wife go crazy - but that is a different story ;-)
The dog thing doesn't sound silly at all. It sounds like you unexpectedly got a service dog :) what a treat.
