-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3u1m4s/100_days_i_am_so_grateful/

One day at a time has resulted in 100 days for me.  Wow...I was a chronic relapser for years.  I thought others in recovery who had any length of sobriety were either lying (most likely) or just not as sick as I was.  I didn't know any of you and I judged you.  Just liked I judged those in the rooms at AA or at my rehab facility...I racked up a DUI woke up in parks fell down stairs lost connection with family members and friends looked forward to Saturday morning drunks woke up face down in my vomit sent the most regretful drunken texts to my gf or girls I barely knew kicked my dog let my dog run loose insulted my kids abandoned my wife woke up in a stairwell at a parking garage .was asked by my teenage babysitter if I was alright as I puked on all fours in the rain in my driveway woke up in a cemetery (ironic) I contemplated suicide I wished the world would end I would get up in the middle of the night just to pound back rye so I could get to sleep again I left bars without paying my tab and other little gems of ego driven fucked up shit that I can't recall right now...I couldn't even be honest online here - truly anonymous and yet I still lied.  But the only person I was fooling was me...I have achieved the longest stretch of sobriety in my drinking life - ever - by being honest with myself.  I finally have accepted some core truths (my faith):  I cannot drink  I can stay sober and people will help me if I ask for help and let them help me...My first thought everyday when I wake up is being grateful for not being ashamed from my behavior yesterday.  I reaffirm my faith in the shower.  I plan my recovery that day before I head out and I review my gratitude list every night including foremost being grateful for my sobriety...I owe a lot to the founders and contributors to this sub and friends and family and professionals.  I am responsible for my sobriety but I cannot do it alone. ..If you are reading this and struggling consider this (from someone who is still very early in recovery and knows what it is like to struggle) - if I can get this far you can too.  Do not give up.  Ask for help.  Don't think about - believe it.  Just for one day..
----------immediate responses--------

nice dude thats dope. my dad stopped using and did all the meetings etc. now he's 7 years and the happiest i've ever seen him. lots of things started going great in his life as a result. today ur my dad and im proud of u
Gl dude
&gt;I am responsible for my sobriety but I cannot do it alone...YES!!!  I love this post SO MUCH! So happy for you times a million!
Congratulations man!  Thanks for sharing - exactly the sort of thing I need to read in the morning.  
Great post!  Even through your text it is clear that you are now honest with yourself and those around you. .  See you in the triple digit club! Congrats!
Super proud of you! Keep taking it a day at a time and being greatful to be alive! 
Hail new Centurion!
Awesome! As someone who is struggling I needed to read this. Thank you for sharing.
It gets even better. Not always easier but better and better. Gratz.
Congrats
Sounds like your on the right road. Keep walking it.
Congrats on the 100 &amp; thanks for sharing this I could identify with so much. And for reminding me only I AM responsible for my sobriety &amp; take responsibility from the time I wake up. Thanks again for being here. 
Thanks for posting.  It is so helpful to read this and know you aren't alone.
Grats :) I'm at 102 first time for me in at least 10 years.
Congrats!!!
Awesome post! Congrats!. I look forward to joining you as a Centurion before the end of the year. Thank you for sharing and being honest with yourself (and us). Being honest with myself has been the hardest part of my sobriety thus far. But it's also allowed me to embrace myself and my problems head on. It's like weight lifting it hurts but it's a good hurt and it makes you strong!
congratulations! that's so awesome.
