-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ufrj7/a_nice_helping_of_withdrawal_for_thanksgiving/

Hi there.  This is my first time posting though I have written a few lengthy posts here before and deleted them before publishing. This is just about me getting this off my chest and will likely be quite long and ranty so if you actually read it all thanks!  if not I totally understand.  Either way i hope you have all enjoyed your Thanksgiving if you were celebrating it today...I've been looking forward to visiting my family for the holiday for months.  In the two days leading up to my flight I ended up going out HARD.  Much harder than usual.  both days i drank until i passed out fully clothed in my bed in the name of 'fun' with some friends.  The second day happened because of the hangover from the first as per usual with me.  ..Now I have been here with my family for two days completely struggling and feeling horribly ashamed that I've cheated myself out of enjoying the holiday gathering.  My family is rarely all together so this is a big deal to me...I have felt an *overwhelming* amount of anxiety the entire time I have been here and have spent both nights unable to sleep trying to keep my sanity and wallowing in shame.  I haven't been the fun energetic and personable person that my family was expecting instead I've been an empty quiet 'sick' (my excuse) person that has barely been able to contribute.  ..I am so sad and disappointed about my behavior and the resulting situation that I could cry.  I am in such a bad spot mentally that around 9am this morning after laying awake all night I was at the end of my leash and told my girlfriend that I might come clean to my family and tell them I needed to go into rehab instead of enjoying Thanksgiving dinner with them.  Well by some miracle I finally got to sleep shortly after that and slept for about 5 hours straight.  I woke up feeling just barely good enough to suffer through the day and decided against mentioning anything which undoubtably would have ruined the holiday for everyone instead of just for me. It seemed like the less selfish choice...I didn't drink a drop and had no desire to but was offered countless times by the people who enjoy their alcohol responsibly.  I got the feeling that me not drinking was somewhat disappointing for them.  ..I am writing this in an attempt to vent my frustrations with myself before I attempt what will likely be another long sleepless withdrawal-anxiety filled night.  I would be so fucking grateful if I get some sleep and wake up feeling okay tomorrow.  I have a few more days to make up for these past two...Everyone in my family drinks every one of my friends drinks I work around alcohol.  It really is not going to be a pleasant task quitting for good but i think it may be the only way.  I have quit before with the intention of returning to drinking in moderation but always end up drifting away from casual enjoyment and bouncing my ass off rock bottom.  One thing I do know is that I never ever want to feel like this again.  ..I really don't expect anyone to have made it through this marathon of self pity but if you did thank you :)  If not it was extremely cathartic to write so it has served a purpose.  
----------immediate responses--------

I read it all. Welcome! :)  Glad you're here! 
Sir your catharsis of shame has been heard and understood. Quitting drinking has been very hard for me but I can only imagine what it's like for someone who works with it every day and is as surrounded by it as yourself! ..Somehow you'll have to figure out what works best for you and remember that your health and well being is what matters most. That's easier for some than others; we all have to play the cards life dealt us and it's not fair! ..But by writing this here and confiding in your girlfriend you are showing your true colors; your wishes are clear and you can rise from this point to the life you want for yourself. Lean on her and us anytime you like; one of the things I've personally benefited from this forum is that it is both anonymous and omnipresent; I've soooo many times come here to comment read and draw strength during my many times of weakness! ..To succeed you don't have to solve the rest of your life. And you don't have to relive your past mistakes. You only have to *not* do one thing today and that is drink because you aren't going to do that today. I'm right there with you and I'll happily raise my glass of flavored lemon water with you and not drink tonight either! ..PS: [I found this video incredibly helpful](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao8L-0nSYzg) in helping me not only stop drinking but address the reasons why drinking became a problem for me in the first place. I hope it helps you too. 
Welcome /u/fostersbanana to /r/stopdrinking -- at this [link is the Baby Steps which lays out what I did to stop drinking and get sober;](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  it's also kind of an explainer for the sub.  I hope you jump right into the fray.  Good luck.
