-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ujonf/my_long_terrified_ramble_after_relapsing/

Hey Stop Drinking...I only just discovered this sub tonight and am so happy I did. I'm just feeling mentally in a messed up place tonight and just really need to ramble a bit and let some things out. Bear with me please...I've been trying to stop drinking after a few years of pretty much daily drunken-ness and constant fight with the people I care about and just being a miserable person who cared about nothing but booze. I really didn't have that much success at first but started to get a few days here or there. Doing meetings and all the general do-things...Anyway my second-last relapse at the beginning of October I just had enough. I was a complete emotional wreck and just bawling and begging something out there to help me. Amazingly enough through something or other I had one of those "obsession is lifted" moments that I always thought were a total crock. And it was amazing. I managed to keep 40-something days of pretty happy sobriety going to meetings interacting with the right people and just keeping myself busy. I was feeling super good and proud of myself and just starting to feel like my life wasn't a total mess...So - fast forward to Sunday. I live with my mom and had the house alone and was just enjoying my own little groove of amusement. And then suddenly it felt like the next thing I knew I was in the kitchen and had a bottle in my hand. I put it back and got it again a few times and then... it was open and I drank it. Along with what little booze my mom had in the house. "Little" being about 5 drinks or so...So I try to rationalize that it didn't really get me drunk just tipsy and that I can go on my merry way of sobriety. Until I hit the liquor store Monday Tuesday Wednesday and last night. Got ridiculously drunk all of those nights without telling anyone being a raging lunatic to my man-friend (via Skype as he's not longer quite as local) picked fights with my mom and isolated myself from all of my supports...It was a completely miserable experience and a harsh reminder of all of the things I hated about drinking - the hangover (oh god the hangover) the wasting like $50 in 4 days on booze the fighting and that anxiety and sinking feeling the next day when I'm not sure just how much damage I've done and if it can be repaired. I hated every minute of it even before I had that first drink I knew it was going to be horrible...So that brings me to tonight. The day's just about over and I managed to stay sober and feeling pretty good and like I want to get back on track. It's really hard not to guilt and beat myself up over my lost progress and ruining my longest-ever sober streak. But I know I can get over that and move on...Except for the fact that I haven't told anyone about the drinking and I am absolutely terrified. ..I haven't told my man-friend who when I first started trying to get sober that he wouldn't leave me if I drank - if I was honest. And usually I have been feeling guilty and 'fessing up about it while I'm drunk and a blubbery mess. Or I've just not told him at all knowing that I would drink again soon anyway. But after my near-week binge and all of the tension I caused I'm just so scared to tell him that it was caused by drinking especially because I hid it from him all week...I also haven't told my sponsors (I have two). While I know one understand and call me a "little bugger" or something and tell me to stick around the other isn't as understanding. She went right to treatment and hasn't relapsed so she doesn't quite understand it and I am just not ready to face that disappointment. I feel like since my last relapse I've done so much better with reaching out and just staying connected and I feel like I'm going to mess that up. ..Not to mention I'm in a 17 (?) week Big Book group and one of the rules we decided in week one was that if anyone drinks they're out. I so don't want to be "that person" who gets kicked out of it...I just feel so scared and anxious to tell anyone but know I can't just not tell anyone. I know I need to be honest. And it's so stupid but my anxious panicked mind is already trying to "well I can just drink again and own up to it and get my new 24-hour chip at a later date and just start the slate clean without this needing to be known." That ridiculous insane thinking...Besides that's not something I want to do. I've done that enough - let people think I had a couple months while secretly drinking and then just letting them think I slipped once when I was ready to really try again and that leads to a vicious cycle of just drinking longer until I feel like the time is right or using it as an excuse to drink more in the meantime. I don't want that. I want to start my journey now with today being my new day one. But I'm just so damn scared of losing the people I care about when they find out...Not to mention at the meeting I went to tonight a guy I see at a lot of meetings came up to talk to me after which we don't do a whole lot. He was really asking how I was doing and how my week was and just telling me to keep coming back and that I deserve it. So I'm pretty paranoid that he saw me at one of my many liquor store visits this week and he will know that I drank and that I'm not being honest about it...I just feel like I let down so many people who have been there for me...I'm not even sure what the point of all of this was but I really needed to let it out and be honest to someone about my relapse. I still don't even know why I did it - I was a little bored but otherwise happy I wasn't feeling triggered or having any cravings. It still baffles me...EDIT: Re: the Big Book study. We had a group conscious vote during week one and all but two of us were in favour of now allowing anyone back after a relapse - with the rationale that if someone goes back out they're jeopardizing the privacy and anonymity of the people in the group and could potentially tell people what others have shared in the group...? I was a little confused at the time; it got into a pretty big debate. The other gal who voted against it has since gone back out as well and no longer going to the group...Also just a thanks to everyone who took the time to comment and give their support and just give me some things to ponder. It was amazing finding this sub and having a safe place to let the craziness out. ..Yay day two! <3
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Not to mention I'm in a 17 (?) week Big Book group and one of the rules we decided in week one was that if anyone drinks they're out. I so don't want to be "that person" who gets kicked out of it...This made me really angry. Like really really angry. ..I think being honest with myself and others is one of the hardest things I deal with. It sounds like you know what you need to do.
[removed]
I agree with /u/VictoriaElaine:  I have my home group and attend 12&amp;12 and Big Book groups around locally.  I have not encountered such a rule seems to go against to the core of what AA is about...I'm still getting my feet wet or dry as the case may be and I found exercise very helpful to kill the urges when I get bored or start my free-range thinking.  I found an inexpensive set of resistance bands on Amazon.  I get bored I get urges I get busy.  And I'm sore as heck but I like to think that soreness is a reminder that I took action to stay sober...Living Sober has a good section on sponsors and I took the recommendation of a single sponsor because I'm that guy the book mentions - I'd end up working them off each other possibly to get the answer that "I" may want to hear...Good luck and Keep Coming Back!
Wow a Big Book study Survivor style?  This does not seem to be in the spirit of recovery that I'm used to seeing in the rooms.  I don't think that I would get a lot out of a group like this.  This also seems to contradict tradition Three -The only requirement for A.A. membership is a desire to stop drinking (emphasis on "desire").
I share the sentiment of others here that I'm not sure that Big Book group is really carrying the spirit of AA's message. Kicking a person out for relapse boggles my mind because that's when people need support the most isn't it?..This self-reflection you've done here is a good start. I recall similarly understanding that not being completely forthright makes me feel terrible but sometimes the potential consequences of honesty seem scary. But honesty is liberating--painful many times but liberating. You don't have to keep up a front or remember who you told what story. ..But keep coming back here. Even if you're not ready to let it all out to people you are close with this community will support you through sobriety relapse and everything else along the way. So remember that there is always a safe space.
go back and get a desire chip as soon as possible. If you've been to AA you know that relapses aren't uncommon. Not wanting to be the person to get kicked out of a group that doesn't follow the traditions is merely your pride speaking. Perhaps you should attend the common ordinary AA groups that everyone else does. And I suggest you go every day...And the suggestion is to call BEFORE you take a drink. Follow instructions next time.
Great post I totally relate it sounds just like me..."suddenly I found myself buying another bottle at the package store". Over and over again. Then found this groupby an Internet miracle and started again.....and failed again less than 20 days in ( don't remember exactly) now..after reading Allen Carr daily check in returning trustlove and happiness of my wife and this GREAT group I am never going back but still one day at a time.  So stay with us come back anytime 24/7 and tell alcohol to Fuck off..Sorry about that last sentence but that kind of anger and emotion is a good start to the change you are making.
