-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ulpz3/feel_like_slipping/

Been sober 220 days now. It's been easy never given it a second thought and I've been in bars and hung around my old drinking buddies no problem had drinks basically forced at me and haven't been slightly tempted. My mind and stance was solid and nothing on earth could make me even think about drinking alcohol...I don't know what happened this evening but I felt myself slowly craving a drunken experience. Maybe it's the Christmas tree or the Ok Go song that was on that I haven't heard since my drinking days. Whatever it was I was already planning where from how much the morning after hangover cure evidence disposal.. The only thing that's stopped me so far is looking at my badge and some relapse stories here they are never positive and I cannot imagine my embarrassing admission would be anything different...But still a part of me is searching for a justification after all it's "just one night" and I'm "not the same as other people with an alcohol problem"; Getting in touch with a lost part of me deep down inside? Getting in touch with emotions? Some sort of divine creativity? The chance of unbridled happiness?... Did any of these things ever even happen from alcohol?? it's been so long I don't even know any more...Thankfully no excuse seems to stick but I'm worried one eventually will.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you thought things out. 220 is a long time. 
Shit 220 days....7 days....it's all essentially the same in the sense that we all seem to think the same thoughts "what's the harm in one?!" How many stories do we have to read to realize that we are not above it. If we replaced the word alcohol with heroin or meth or some other intense drug and repeated our same excuses it would seem foolish. We are not above it. ..Would being drunk feel great? Probably. Just like when a junkie shoots up OF COURSE IT FEELS AMAZING. The feelings of shame/guilt/regret and like you said...knowing you're letting the rest of us down would trump the short lived happiness of being drunk. ..Thank you for sharing this with us and your concern that something might eventually happen because by being open you can logically/rationally deal with it and let the rest of us know that it doesn't matter how long you abstain- those lingering thoughts may come from time to time. You're better than this and i'm sure you already know that but from one internet friend to another....you should still read that and know it. ..Stay strong!!!..*edit: took out a word so it doesn't sound like gibberish :P
Don't do it. 220 days is such a long streak. Even though I don't know you I am proud of you for committing to it. You can do this!
Drinking.  You're trying to say you feel like **drinking.** "Using" would work too. Choosing to drink. Getting drunk. Relapsing. ..I don't know who started the trend of calling choosing to drink 'slipping' but that guy is responsible for a million relapses 100000 divorces and at least 10000 deaths. At the very least... Imagine that your spouse accidentally whooooooopsies slipped and screwed the neighbor.  Sorry honey! Don't get mad *I SLIPPED!*  ..No one is doing anyone any favors by pretending that conscious decisions are whoopsies.
220 days is quite an accomplishment congratulations!..The fact that you even posted your doubts says a lot. Your will to remain sober is stronger than your will to wake up full of regret tomorrow! Good job for reminding yourself of the consequences that's the hardest part to acknowledge sometimes...You've got this! No. WE'VE got this! Let's be sober together today! 
I relapsed a few weeks ago and it was not worth it at all. I immediately felt guilty and filled with shame. I only drank for a few days but I went from feeling pretty good about my life to feeling like shit both mentally and physically within a few hours. Now I'm a week sober again and this is the first day where I feel "normal" again. Totally not worth it. 
If you can't stay sober for you consider staying sober for me a stranger yes but someone who wishes so very badly to be in your shoes with that much time under her belt. I need to know it can be done. Prove it to me! Stay strong!!!
&gt; It's been easy never given it a second thought and I've been in bars and hung around my old drinking buddies no problem had drinks basically forced at me and haven't been slightly tempted...And yet this entire post is about wanting to relapse; personally I'd be telling myself later that I was bullshitting.  
Holy cow.  Dont do it.  I keep drinking and it is miserable..  Stay strong.
It's not worth it. I threw away three weeks and was crushed you have an amazing amount of time under your belt.
You've done the right thing by posting here. I've got a few days in and those old thoughts come by for a visit every once in a while. ..I have a look at my life and the good things that have come into it and I ask myself "Is alcohol more important to me than these things?" ..I know myself. When I start drinking I can't find a good reason to stop...I come to SD so I don't find a reason to start. Looks like you did as well.
Thank you everyone who replied to this post each persons input was really inspiring and I'm truly grateful to be a part of this reality anchor.
There seems to be two parts to this. Your acknowledgment of the disease calling to you and what you do with it. Seems like you got the first part down but the second part is up to you. List to sober people people who have what you want (which hopefully includes long lasting sobriety) and use those tidbits o' wisdom to keep on the noble path. I appreciate your honest!
The one thing that has gotten me this far is knowing that a relapse for me would be a catastrophe.   There is nothing in that bottle for me but misery and disaster. ..Nothing good.   No hidden secrets or insights. ..Just poison.
I hear ya. You will regret it. You will feel like shit as you do it. As soon as that first drink hits your lips you will feel a sinking pit of guilt in your stomach. You won't want to start over. I am you and I have been there. Go to a meeting. Do something to make it past the craving. Fake it until you make it. Just. Don't. Drink. 
Thank you for posting.  I feel the same way.  I am sober and I am bored.  I miss the excitement that came from drinking and I feel as though I have enough time now that I am forgetting how bad it got.
Don't do it! 220 doesn't come easy!
&gt;and some relapse stories here they are never positive..I've never seen a positive relapse story (other than the learning from a mistake kind of positiveness)..&gt;Thankfully no excuse seems to stick but I'm worried one eventually will...Yeah that's probably the truth. If you keep looking for excusing to drink you might find one. What helped me is to think of all the reasons I shouldn't drink and how many good things I would be giving up just to drink. Not being a drinker just became something I wanted more than drinking.
Just trust the guy who decided to quit 220 days ago. He has more recent experience with alcohol than you. 
