-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3uow9n/sunday_solutions_reversing_the_polarity_of_my_mind/

I am a former chronic relapser and major skeptic to being an alcoholic in the first place as well as toward all the solutions that were presented to me in my rough long journey toward sobriety. Below is how I found my solution to long term quality sobriety. Sorry it's a bit protracted but that's fitting considering how long it took me to get sober stay sober and then actually be content in sobriety...First of all I didn't like the label "alcoholic" one bit and didn't know what good it did. It took a long time for me to be able to admit that I was an alcoholic. I certainly could see that real problems were stacking up and it was long past just being some kind of phase that I'd snap out of. Then I realized that if I couldn't put my finger on the problem I had no chance of solving it. Plus I didn't want to be a 2nd class citizen--I really feared that (by the way I'm not.)...I finally owned it admitted in a sudden rush of tears that I was an alcoholic (and an addict). Then almost instantly all the possibilities for recovery started to manifest. I started with counseling. He had a statue of a bull. He'd talk for a while then every time I started to speak he'd hand me the bull. Took me a while to get it but I didn't think it was funny (though looking back it *is* pretty funny and it was certainly spot on). He suggested meetings so I started going to a few of them. I qualified for most of the "A's" so I'd go to CA AA and NA. I really didn't like any of it none of it clicked. I didn't feel like AA was my long lost home. I didn't like the idea of airing my dirty laundry. It didn't seem to be doing any good. An example was that on the way to an AA meeting I got pulled over by the cops felony style for giving an a-hole driver the brake job he deserved and almost caused him to crash into a wall. At this point willingness was almost non-existent and skepticism and defensiveness were running wild. ..After a lot more trouble I ended up in the first of what would be about 10 rehabs (KEY POINT: this was totally self-inflicted and unnecessary and most people "get it" much faster than I did!). I found out how expensive my fancy "recovery resort" was and concluded all I had to do was be there and their fancy psych meds laser beams and sonic waves were gonna fix me. I got 28 days of sobriety and started to feel good. But I took the part about working on myself as a joke so it wasn't long before I caved to temptation and was celebrating 60 days sobriety with drinks and cocaine...More relapse more pain more lessons more contriteness more rehabs a little less defensiveness a little more openmindedness but still a lot of reservations. Wife finally got tired of hearing how great things were going to be and said you have a year to show me 1 year of sobriety if you want me to ever come back. Last rehab a free county detox the most humble of them all. Not a recovery resort like some of my rehabs had been. I was just tired of being so flakey to myself and others. I did my seven days and during that time met what was for me The Sponsor (I had several before but they didn't click--that's important). This sponsor was a psychiatrist with 25 years of sobriety so I actually believed that he knew what he was talking about (later I realized that a lot of experienced recovering alcoholics knew what they were talking about and didn't have to be a shrink to be approved as a sponsor). By this point I had tried churches Rational Recovery and anything else I could find but it was tough to beat AA for their average lengths of sobriety and their ubiquitousness--there were meetings everywhere and all different kinds! Convenience was very important when doing something I found at first to be very inconvenient. I had so much lost time to make up for...This shrink sponsor knew how to handle different personality types and saw that beating up on me wasn't going to be an effective style because no one could kick my ass as good as I could. I committed to following his simple but somewhat silly rules like making my bed everyday (when I said why he said try to come up with 5 reasons it's important--staying out of it was one!). A lot of structure but he had the right mixture of firm and gentle--we clicked. I had to get up by 7 AM everyday and prove it by calling him. I had to go to a meeting. I had to study the big book I had to spend some time on recreation and self-improvement. I had to call him after 10 PM to prove I wasn't already asleep. He said too much sleep and inaction just contributed to depression and he was trying to keep me busy and out of my head...I got to work on the steps right away. By this time they were no longer a joke at all no longer something I just faked my way through. I really needed something to work. I got through the parts about God that as a former Catholic I had become skeptical of. So I changed my understanding of a higher power into something that I would create if that was my place in the universe (I didn't create the higher power--I just changed in dramatic ways how I understood it). ..My sponsor just gave off such an air of confidence that I could and would stay sober if I worked the first 9 steps. His confidence was so infectious that I starting believing it could work and that I could have a happy life in sobriety. So I did the work. I saw him every week in those early times. This was regimented and disciplined but not arrogant and overbearing--just the mix that resonated with me...I worked those first 9 steps for the first time (I had relapsed half way through all the other times) and by golly I stayed sober. After almost having a year multiple times and relapsing I finally made it to a year. The terms of my wife coming back was to see with her own eyes that I really achieved a year. So she was at the meeting where my sponsor gave me my 1 year chip (also a lot of money changed hands that night--lol). She could tell the polarity of my mind had been reversed from one of doubt negativity and cynicism to one where almost anything is possible if you want it bad enough...I've since boiled my program of recovery into a very doable schedule of things that I do daily (meditation) weekly (meetings talking to other alcoholics including here) and monthly (H&I panels that I chair) plus the regular practice of the maintenance steps of 10-12. I consider this my treatment that isn't a cure but works as good as one. It was this effort along with outside professional counseling and being under the care of a good physician that constitutes my "recipe." It is my treatment and I believe as long I continue the treatment I'll stay sober. More importantly I'll stay happy and content in sobriety (but I didn't say one perfect moment after another--that's simply not a reasonable expectation in life)...I can't say that replicating the above in exactitude will produce the same result for you nor do I claim this. AA is **not** the only way to achieve quality long-term sobriety! It is merely what I did and it's working. ..If you're new or if you're not and you've struggled like I did I hope you will do yourself the favor of finding out what your recipe is. Then share it here! Someone else might want to give your recipe a try...If you made it this far then I'm truly grateful for your time and I wish you the great life that sobriety has given me. It ain't perfect--nobody's is--but my years in sobriety have by far been the best ones of my life...TL;DR: wait for the Readers Digest version. :)
----------immediate responses--------

10 rehabs sounds like a lot...until you imagine how different your life would be today if you'd given up after just 9. ..There are people here on /r/stopdrinking who've reset their badge over 100 times (not kidding) and today have over 1 year of sobriety. People plural. (Not kidding.)..That's one thing every 1 year sober person seems to have in common--not a single one of them gave up before they hit one year sober. I'd imagine the same is true for all 7758 day people too.  But I don't know very many of 'em so I can't say for sure...It takes what it takes. [#hashtag #Iron Eagle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-DIhXTGifU&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=37s)..What a great read. Thanks for sharing...
&gt;He said too much sleep and inaction just contributed to depression and he was trying to keep me busy and out of my head...Today is the first day I'm trying a schedule to help with my depression. Haven't followed it spot on but I'm out of bed early and have done a couple things already which is rare lately. Thank you for sharing your story you've given me hope that I can get through this. And congratulations on your time! 
Great post thank you. Thus far my recipe for sobriety has been my daily commitment not to drink to both myself and here at SD. I am shy by nature and do not see myself in the AA setting. It works for a great many people. Best wishes to you!
This really hits me - it's amazing what finding the right person did for you. Some people just have the right way of speaking so that we can hear or acting so that we can react. I'm really glad you are such a resilient person. Something I glean from this post is that it may have taken a long time for you to buy in but you kept at it until you found a way through. 
Wow! That's a good thing you never gave up!
