-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3up4u4/skipping_german_class_to_go_to_a_meeting_instead/

There are 3 English speaking meetings a week where I live. Two of them clash with my German classes and one is on the weekend when I have to be home with my kids. I'm seriously debating today bunking off my German class tomorrow to go to a meeting instead. ..I like my class and I'm sick of being crap at German. On the other hand going to a meeting could get me some sober English-speaking contacts. So I can't decide what to do. ..I know the answer is to deal with problems in the order that they will kill you and although my German is bad I probably won't die from it (although learning cases and prepositions may actually kill me!). So I should go to the meeting right? But I don't want to miss all my Monday evening classes which I've paid for. So could I alternate? One week AA one week german? Would that work?..The reason I am finally considering AA is that this time last year I was almost 6 months sober and loving it. On Christmas Day a few days over 6 months I gave into family pressure to have a glass of wine with Christmas dinner. I've struggled ever since getting a few months or weeks here and there but more recently back to almost daily drinking. ..I so much want to make contact with other non-drinkers in actual flesh and blood real life...So I guess I've answered my own question. I'm going to the meeting tomorrow evening and see how it goes...
----------immediate responses--------

I know the struggle about not connecting in Germany because of the language. In my experience German classes should be really high if not the highest when it comes to integration in the country. It takes sometimes years to be good enough to survive in Germany without speaking in english...Kids have the highest priority no question about it...I have never been to AA. I can *imagine* that AA meetings are really important very early in sobering up for some people. But if you have been 6 months sober before and are now 6 months sober again and you know that 1 glass of wine is the door to a relapse then I would focus on not drinking today even if it is on Christmas...I would like to say *easy skip the classes* but I don't believe life in Germany without speaking german has any happy future...It is a tough call...What about re-scheduling the German classes to a different time or a different school? I have to insist German classes should be a priority if and only if you live in Germany or Austria...Best of luck!..
Hi there. What about going to the meeting and *then* figuring out the next right thing?
Perhaps you could reschedule the classes until you've got a solid footing in AA.  There are a massive amount of free language learning resources on the internet so you can still get some study time.  It sounds like you're in Germany now so take advantage of trying to speak with the locals and review the class materials...And the more sober you get the better your brain will work to remember "Die schreckliche deutsche Sprache"  ;-)..I got a minor in German 25 years ago and have hardly used it.  When I first started studying Thai German came out.  Now when I try to speak German Thai comes out.  Enough to make me want to scream "Ein bier bitte"!!..Good Luck with the studies
I attend the online meetings at Intherooms.com (under the  "video meetings" link). The format is very similar to real-life and there is an interesting mix of expats in some of them. There are a good number of meetings so you can probably cope with time zones. Could be an option until you can work out a better suited schedule.
I've found putting my sobriety first helps everything else flow smoother including learning. I'd go to the meeting and try to get a number or few also. That way if you need to go to your German class you have local sober connections to call or even grab a coffee with! 
