-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3uumr5/relapse/

I relapsed last week. On Tuesday night I bought a bottle of wine. I stayed sober during Thanksgiving with my family but then was back at it until last night. ..I don't feel glad about it or like I learned anything from the experience. I wasted the week but that's OK   there will be more. I just feel sad and scared that I won't be able to stay sober again. I'm seeing my therapist tonight and I plan to be honest with her. I guess I'm looking for some support right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

"Our greatest glory lies not in never falling but in rising every time we fall."..Sometimes we have to re-evaluate our goals and methods. It happens...Good luck on your journey!
I don't remember everything that happened when I was trying to get sober again. The one thing that stands out though was a short conservation I had with a sober friend. He asked me if I wanted to get sober. My honest answer was that I didn't really know. He then asked me if I was 51% willing to stop drinking and I answered that yes I was more willing than not to try to stop drinking. .  That was the small opening I walked through to get sober. I was plenty desperate to stop drinking but not very willing to go through with it. I sometimes share this experience with people who are struggling and it seems to help. A part of me wanted to stop and I had to find a way to connect to that part of myself. 
My therapist always told me *do not have any alcohol at home*; meaning that if I drink it should be at least social and never at home...I quit way after he died but I never forgot his tips.
Welcome back!
We can do this. Together. Today is a new day. 
I am glad you made it back. 
Early in sobriety it is important to have support. I found it through AA and the members of my group kept me accountable early on. ..I don't mean you necessarily have to try AA buy find that support person/people. Be it friends family or whatever. Tell them you have a problem and you will find out that they will be more willing than ever to help you out...Good luck
Good luck /u/skyscraperscraping -- I came back after a 7 year relapse in 2009.  It took time but I am so fully in the "middle of the bed" in recovery--but it was the [simple things done daily that made all the difference](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) in my life.
Question for ya:..I have heard it said often that the relapse happens way before the bottle is bought.  Do you think that is true for you?  Anything leading up to the buying of the bottle that you could pinpoint as behavior ripe for relapse?  
It sounds like you did learn from the experience. Every failure can become a learning experience. I know for myself it is making a decision each and every morning to not drink. I need to make these decisions even when I haven't drank in months. I haven't had much time since my last (thankfully short) slip but I try to embody this idea now. Good luck and glad your back!
*hugs* ..I believe in you sky!!!!..
Ah the old "bottle of wine."  Gets me every time.  But it's the second bottle of wine that REALLY gets me.  You can do this.  I'm 3 days in and already feeling better.  I'm not drinking with you today.  You aren't alone.  
The possibility of a better tomorrow lies with you today. You have the power to improve tomorrow today by simple virtue of being alive. You can do it. I believe in you :)
In the past when I would tell myself I'm only drinking wine and not other alcohols.  That never worked.  My bottles of wine got huge lol.  Support is KEY to your survival in the beginning.
Support for what exactly.   That there will be more?   That you didn't learn anything?..There don't have to be more there is much to learn including the fact that there is much to be scared of that a casual attitude will get you drunk that this can be it.  IF YOU WANT IT TO BE - more than you want to get high...
Just take it for what it was. A quick relapse in a long sober healthy life. It happens. The important thing is that you just take it for what it was and move on. Move on with sobriety. You deserve it
You know - holidays are difficult for a lot of people.  Some holidays are downright fucked up messes for many of us and relapse is common over the holidays.  Family issues that we don't normally have to deal with on a day-to-day basis seem to come up over the holidays and smack us in the face.  Sometimes long forgotten hurts pop up for no reason and on and on it goes...Don't be too hard on yourself you're still alive and have another opportunity to create the life of your dreams.
[deleted]
I also relapsed. Picked up drink on saturday and spent all sunday drunk as well. Today I picked myself up and went back to AA. I told them I failed they told me I didn't fail it was a consequence of my illness. That gave me a whole new perspective. Now I'm ready to put the shame and guilt behind me and start fresh. 
[removed]
