-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3uw67n/reflections_on_a_sober_thanksgiving/

I successfully navigated Thanksgiving without relapsing making it the first holiday I've been sober in 10+ years. When my family gets together drinking is a staple of what we do. At least that's what I thought.....It turns out drinking is what **I** would do. Sure my Mom has 2-3 glasses of wine my dad has his two beers and my sister has a little more than them. But in years past I would sneak to the garage and chug a beer. I would open the fridge hide behind the door and take huge swigs out of the wine bottle. I would make mixed drinks that were half liquor. I would stay up later than everyone and really go to town and sleep until noon the next day. No one really batted an eye because it was the holidays and I hid it well...My fiance's parents bought a whole bunch of craft beer for their thanksgiving. My parents caught wind of this and joked "They must know their future son-in-law is a big drinker!"..I cringed. They think nothing of the remark because I can hold down a job and be relatively successful. They don't know my problems and I'm not ready to tell them...Throughout the whole weekend I'm basically chugging diet cokes. I must have drank a 12 pack of soda a day...But to my surprise no one really noticed I wasn't drinking booze. No one cares.  No one but me obsesses over how much everyone has had using every additional drink someone has to justify drinking another one in front of them just so they won't judge me for drinking too much. Even though I'm sneaking around and drinking 5x what they are...It dawned on me on how this line of thinking isn't normal. This really is an addiction that sneaks up on you and I am just now realizing how bad it got a hold of me. Anyways thanks for reading. Stay strong everyone..
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Great post! I relate totally happens to me at my family occasions as well. Its called alcoholism.
Congratulations on your first sober holiday.  On December 31st of last year I gave up all soda.  Next year sugar.
&gt;It turns out drinking is what **I** would do...Not shocking but samesies! I mentioned to SO after it was over how nice the day was and the fact that barely anyone drank (besides X and Y... X had 2 and Y had **half** of 1)... Then he pointed out two others had drank one and two. I never even noticed. ..Past years every holiday has been an occassion to really tie one (or 12) on drink for drink and keep on until well after they'd all left. I've had some holidays while drinking that I still felt turned out really great. I have to say nothing compares to doing it sober. What an incredible holiday this was!
Isn't it funny? How we alcoholics place so much emphasis on drinking that we don't realize how little importance it has for others?..Drinking on Thanksgiving was never a problem for me because I'd usually get so drunk the night before that I couldn't drink much even if I wanted to..Great job making it through the holiday!
Great post. Really hits home for me. This was my first holiday sober as well and it was definitely one of the best!
Wow thanks for sharing. I thought I was the only one who snuck drinks on holidays. 
[removed]
Yes great post! Seems like I have been in this movie before. Funny thing is they all know I quit drinking and guess who did the running to the liquor store for them and did all the cooking? A few of them don't drink and the ones that do were pounding the beer and wine down pretty good. My SO only needs 2 glasses of wine before she gets Doe Eyed 3 and she is tipsy. 
My wife's family drinks by and large while I am now sober. Last holiday season was hard partly because I kept feeling I was missing out -- I couldn't let go of feeling bad that I couldn't drink like "normal" people or even the not-normal people...Shortly before this Thanksgiving though I read Allen Carr's "Easy Way to Stop Drinking" and suddenly I have no further feelings that I'm missing out. I'm so happy to have quit drinking that I just had a lovely wonderful time this Thanksgiving. I'm not missing out on anything; the heavy drinkers are missing out on lovely sober Thanksgivings!..But I did consume far too much sugar. That might be the next thing I need to work on...
Awesome post...This was my first sober Thanksgiving in a long long time.  It turns out no one cared about drinking as much as I used to.  Mind boggling..
this was also my first sober family holiday since.... high school? (I'm 33.) I can relate to so much of your post. when I was helping my mom wash dishes at the end of the night I noticed all the half-empty glasses lying around. in the past I would have been *appalled* that people were wasting booze obsessively calculated how much it added up to in my head (two bottles of wine? three?) and chugged every single one at the sink when no one was looking. with soap suds up to my elbows I realized that I'm the only one in my family who has these thoughts. *no one else* cares about the booze. they never have. it was a huge eye-opener. I poured them all down the drain and kept helping my mom - a good feeling...thanks for sharing your experiences. glad your Thanksgiving was a success! 
I was always the drunkest at my family parties usually...:(  Don't miss that at all.
Thank you for this post. Sharing the same characteristics here and wasn't even aware--a reminder to stay vigilant. 
Absolutely no one cares. Isn't it crazy how much you're positive that's not the case when you're drinking? Congratulations on a sober Thanksgiving!
I can relate with the secretly chugging beer and gulps of wine hiding behind the door of the fridge &gt;&lt; I wish I couldn't relate but I totally can. Makes me happy that I'm taking this path to try sobriety and I'm glad you made it through your thanksgiving 
