-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3v5c1s/thoughts_after_relapse/

This last Sunday I went to thinking about drinking to drinking straight out of a bottle of rum to waking up Monday with no memory of the second half of the day.  ..Why did I end up here?  It started a while before I relapsed and manifested itself in many different forms.  I find myself replacing my consumption of alcohol with consumption of something else: sweets fast food netflix video games anything really.  I just have an issue with taking things too far...This time around I am focused on trying to find "healthy addictions" to replace my unhealthy/unproductive ones.  One of my friends is a personal trainer who is now helping me to design set meals for my week and keeping me stuck to a workout plan.  Also instead of sitting in front of the TV immediately after work I have designated an hour to self reflection and hobbies.  I think this will help me to really identify my issues and force me to be unable to hide from them.  ..My hope is that by restructuring my trigger and reward systems in my brain with positive behaviors I can change or eliminate the bad habits in my life.  While I know it won't be easy I think that deciding to be a little more strict with myself and adding stability will help me to focus solely on the elimination of alcohol from my life...Not sure if this is helpful to anyone else but I just wanted to share this reflection and see if anyone else has had similar success with this type of plan.  I will post again with updates on how it goes.  
----------immediate responses--------

This is actually great advice. This is one of the thing you indeed need to address and will give you great benefits. It needs time to get routine just like bad habits. ..You also need to address reasons why you drink the 12 steps could be really useful adressing these. It's almost always (was for me) some kind of void we are trying to fill (no pun intended). Addressing that very issue will get us into lasting and happy sobriety...Well done...Edit: Ps: Off to hit the gym...Edit 2: A grammarbot just passed by hahahah
Thanks for this. Good things for me to think about on my first day with flair in this sub.
&gt; This time around I am focused on trying to find "healthy addictions" to replace my unhealthy/unproductive ones...One of the most valuable aspects of AA for me--was that it gave me sober reinforcers to replace my drinking reinforcers.  The biggest piece of that was the sober fellowship which we experience to some degree in this awesome subreddit.  
Sounds like a good plan.  I especially like the hour of reflection and hobbies.  Think I'll try it myself.  Thank you for posting!
I think that's an excellent insight. One of my biggest difficulties in my first few attempts was doing the same things just without drinking. Working on building up new and healthier habits has been a boon. One thing that's really helped is taking it slow and being ok with that. I want to do an hour of x a day? Well let's start with fifteen minutes and move up. ..Best of luck! Hope to see you around with a counter a ticking! 
