-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3v622k/havent_posted_in_awhile_but_i_wanted_to_share_a/

Just a little background. I promise I won't make it too long. You can look at my post history if you'd like more details. ..I got in trouble with the law over a year ago. I almost got kicked out of school (education is everything to me) I spent 9 weekends in jail I lost my license my car some friends thousands of dollars and copped a "non-expungable offense." I got sober for six months and then relapsed. I spent several months on the sauce before getting sober again which I only did because I nearly killed my roommates dogs got robbed and almost got kicked out of my apartment so I felt like I should take a break. I didn't want to...I am in my final year of graduate school. I am an outstanding student. I have outstanding credentials and outstanding letters of recommendation. The people who surround me think I am destined for good things. ..I am not saying any of this to brag on myself or to brag to anyone else. The reason why I am making this post is because I want to share some good news and I want to remind everyone out there that it doesn't matter who you are; if you have a substance abuse problem then you will be playing the game of life on hard mode without any reward. ..I plead guilty to aggravated assault and DUI in January. Because I have a dream of becoming a teacher my charges present an impediment to accomplishing my goals. There's nothing I can do about that. Since I have gotten clean again I have had a clearer view of reality and have been very insecure about my ability to find a school that will hire me after graduation. ..Here's the good part *I was always told in rehab to share good news or anything for that matter because even if what you share doesn't really mean anything to 99/100 people if your message or story means something to 1 person then its worth sharing* so here it goes. .. I hold a BS in history with a focus in political science. I am pursuing an MA in teaching so I take history teaching methods with an adjunct who teaches full time at a local high school. This instructor also sits on the hiring committee for the county (as well as many other things. He or she is a highly involved instructor). Since yesterday was the last day of class I figured I would tell him my story in order to gain insight into the realistic prospect of teaching in a public high school. Long story short he or she put my mind at ease by letting me know that it's not as big of an impediment as I feared. Further my instructor let me know that he or she is going to tell the hiring committee that I am classroom ready and deserve a shot if there is an opening in the near future. My instructor went on to say that they will write a strong letter of recommendation for whatever school systems I apply for in the future if I stay clean...I could have never had such a strong semester if I continued drinking. Further my instructor applauded my character. That is the most important part to me. Lots of people in my program are brilliant. My instructor felt that my character sets me apart. ..MY CHARACTER IS SHIT WHEN I AM USING...When I got sober the first time around I did so for extrinsic reasons. Those extrinsic reasons are still there but I have found that intrinsic motivation is much more important for my sobriety. These past two months I have been working on building intrinsic motivation through personal professional and character building exercises. It feels like it's paying off. ..If your struggling with sobriety then we have something in common. What has helped me to short term success has been fostering a sense of intrinsic motivation a strong support group and mindfulness exercises. I hope we can all get some good news for the holidays. ..tl:dr stayed sober for a semester and worked on character development. I received a recommendation for a teaching position (if one opens up) because of my character. I have a big heart when I'm sober. I am a snake in the grass when I'm not. Sobriety has offered a pathway to my personal definition of success.  
----------immediate responses--------

Good work /u/tennesseee!  Awesome post.
&gt;Those extrinsic reasons are still there but I have found that intrinsic motivation is much more important for my sobriety...I couldn't have done it without this. I had *all* sorts of external reasons to be sober and they weren't sufficient. ..Lovely post. Thanks.
That's an amazing compliment!  Congrats!
