-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3v6ar8/i_dont_want_to_ever_feel_like_i_did_that_day/

I'll submit a more thought out post later but just wanted to check in... I see a 302 next to my name!??! That seemed so unattainable when I first stopped drinking.  But here I am... tomorrow will be 10 months officially.  I rarely go to AA meetings anymore and I only read this sub although I should make it a point to comment more considering how much it helped me when I first began this journey...Drinking is simply not a part of my life anymore.  Honestly it's not a central figure in most people's life but its hard to see that when it is so prominent in your own life... I don't accept drinks when offered and that's about as much as I ever need to explain.  "I don't want a drink thank you."..I'm sitting in the library on campus right now because since I stopped drinking I've gone back to college.  I'm working on my second degree and should be starting nursing school in May.  ..I don't have a lot of big changes that have occurred because of my commitment to stop drinking... but I have a lot of little ones.  I've never been happier in my life.. I don't live a lie... I don't live in guilt and shame... I'm not constantly trying to reconstruct the night before through texts and receipts... I'm not constantly trying to make up for anything I did or said the night before... The resentment and anger has subsided and I can be true to myself....I sleep well and even if I'm still tired in the morning when I wake up... I don't feel the heavy burden of what I may have done the night before.....I'm truly free... It's so hard to explain and its just one of those feelings you have to experience before you can truly understand....It's like when you have children... you think you know the capacity of love you have or imagine what it would be like to be a parent.. and then you have a child... and your heart is so full it feels like it is going to explode right out of its chest and it's a feeling you have never felt before.....I'm finally the person I have always wanted to be.  I'm the mother wife daughter and friend I've always wanted to be.  And I wouldn't be this if it wasn't for my struggle with alcohol... although it caused a lot of heartache pain shame etc... I've experienced a lot more emotion than a lot of people and it's only made me stronger.  I appreciate my relationships more... I appreciate my husband more.. and one day soon... I need to sit down and talk to him or write it down about how eternally grateful I am for him to stick by my side and not give up on me... to understand that my addiction was not my inherent self... and to help pull me out of the darkness with tough love... ..If you're just starting out... keep it up... it will consume your life for awhile... you will notice everything there is to do with alcohol even more than before (hell I still do).. you will stalk this sub and think about not drinking 24/7... and slowly it will taper off... and you will start living... and the more you start living the less it will consume you... Never forget where you came from and how easy it would be to get back there... be kind and be patient.  .<3 SW
----------immediate responses--------

I really like this title. This is going to be my new fight song when I'm thinking about falling off the wagon. It well remind of all those terrible anxiety ridden extremely exhausted Monday and Tuesday's sitting at work getting nothing done. 
Really happy and proud for you!  I remember you 10 months ago and it is a real privilege to witness your growth and the gifts that have come with it.  Congrats!
&gt;I'm not constantly trying to reconstruct the night before through texts and receipts..That is so so so me!  Thanks so much for this.  What an encouragement for those of us just starting out.
thank you thank you thank you!!! congratulations on all your successes. those changes sound pretty big and impressive to me. 
Good for you /u/SoberWaitress; awesome to see this this afternoon.
Good to hear from you and so glad you are doing so well!! :) Congrats on going back to school! 
Everything you said about what you left behind is so on point to all my regrets!! I hope so much to be able to reach 300 that's amazing!! congrats!
That was an inspiring post. Congratulations!
Hey SoberWaitress it's so good to read your update!  ..&gt;It's so hard to explain and its just one of those feelings you have to experience before you can truly understand... It's like when you have children... you think you know the capacity of love you have or imagine what it would be like to be a parent.. and then you have a child... and your heart is so full it feels like it is going to explode right out of its chest and it's a feeling you have never felt before.....Yes!..Keep up the kindness and the patience.  ..:)..
Yay! Congrats.
Fantastic post especially the last paragraph. Thank you.
Honestly it's not a central figure in most people's life but its hard to see that when it is so prominent in your own life.^ THIS. can't see the forest through the trees :)
Great to hear from you! Congrats on ten months!
Fantastic post so proud of you!
That's terrific! Congratulations.
This is a beautiful post. I needed a bit of a cry today anyway. I'm at that point where my life is starting to live itself and I relate to so much you've shared in these few paragraphs. Have a lovely day SW. 
