-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3v7r0c/im_finally_ready_to_do_this_just_worried_about/

I've been subscribed to this sub for approximately a year and a half. I am 27 and have been drinking almost daily for about five years. When I was younger and still in university I was surrounded by peers that loved to party and generally had the same mentality. Not to mention that my entire family drinks heavily and uses the excuse that they are maritimers and that's "just what east coasters do." I'm sick of it. I feel like we all need help and I am the only one who is willing to attempt to change. I am no longer surrounded by the kind of friends that party hard or drink all of the time but I am very close to my family and it is just assumed that I will want a free-pour of whatever they are having when I walk in the door for family gatherings. But this is it for me. I have no idea how they have been able to live and be so functional/successful all their lives while drinking so excessively. Life revolves around it. After a year and a half or more of just thinking about quitting I know I need to stop. It's been three days and I am feeling pretty good. And proud of myself too. I guess I am just afraid of going against the grain when I see my family being around all of that booze and keeping my resolve. Especially with Christmas coming. ..I have also struggled with anxiety and depression for a long time. I started drinking before I went out to see anyone just to quell my nerves. Last year it got to the point that I wouldn't even Skype with people without a few swigs of whiskey or a couple glasses of wine. I started carrying vodka in my purse at times and hiding liquor in my room so my roommates would be unaware that I was drinking as much as I would. I have been able to stop hoarding and have my anxiety under control. I have been able to hang out with friends without the need to drink and that has been huge. I have had friends tell me I should just moderate and only drink on weekends but it is a slippery slope. I want to be finished forever and that isn't looking impossible anymore. ..I've also been looking into local AA meetings and am building up the courage to attend. I just know if I stop entirely I will be so much happier less tired and way more productive. I know it's going to be really difficult sometimes. ..I guess I was wondering - those with families that are complete alcoholics - where your interactions with them have largely been drinking related... Do you have any tips? I mean I feel like I'm not going to get any support from them and I don't want to stop having a relationship with my family. They mean the world to me. 
----------immediate responses--------

I burrowed down in the knowledge that no one could help me but me...As far as my drinking family members go -- I don't live close to them so I only have to deal on limited occasions for a limited duration.  **I never go to visit without an escape plan.** It's amazing how a simple trip to the store taking the long way back and maybe even pulling over to read/post here on SD has helped me in tough times...That sure beats the alcohol and anxiety meds I would (ab)use to make it through visits in the past...Congrats on 3 days -- that's huge!  Those were hands down the hardest days for me to get through.
When I was with my family over the holiday I made sure to tell them I wouldn't be drinking ahead of time and excused myself for some alone time to read SD posts whenever it got to be a bit much.  It worked well and I made it through sober.  You can do this.  Congrats on 3 days!
Welcome /u/ktveencent to /r/stopdrinking.  At this [link is a post called the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which is where I started stopping.  As to toxic family early sobriety and sustained time sober helped me find the right approach--especially after I got involved in AA and got a sponsor.
In my opinion I don't think you need to stop having a relationship with your family. However you very well may  need to change the way you spend time with them especially in your early sobriety...I personally found I just could not be around large crowds of drunken people and feel safe or comfortable not in the early months...I'd suggest as mentioned here have an escape plan also being completely honest prior to the event saying you no longer drink alcohol.  And that you must leave if you feel any pressure...And if you do leave. It's okay to just stop by say hello and leave...I've found after some time in really being sober and learning how to be sober then you can find a way to be with family members without stress. Christmas/ holidays can be a really difficult time for many of us.
I'm also 27 and recently sober with an alcoholic family. I had about 2 years sober before relapsing this summer. For me I actually had the easiest time with my family. They were incredibly supportive and would tell me how they wished they had the courage to stop. So that made it much easier not to drink with them because deep down they aren't drinking cause they're happy. 
  Ah the Maritimes. Jesus did I learn to drink from pros and I didn't stop till I almost ruined my life. I'm the son of a Cape Brettoner and the way that side of the family drinks was my baseline for normal. .. It's astounding looking back I was surrounded by drunks since I was a little kid passing out was no big deal and all that drama. One time in the early eighties me and my cousins got to split over a hundred dollars in bottle return money. At a nickle a bottle that's like a 180 cases!! What the fuck!.. I'd just tell them to lay off if they give you a hard time. Anyone who pushes it gets a puck in the head! Tells em 'by!.. Seriously though be straight and firm and stick to your guns. The anxiety subsides and becomes easier to deal with. After a while not drinking becomes almost natural and does not loom so large and terrifying... Good luck... 
