-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3v7zgj/anyone_else_need_waaaayy_less_food_now_that/

this is my first month of sobriety including a few relapses but it's mostly been going fine. ..i've noticed that I need way less food now. anyone else? just one more perk of getting sober i guess!
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know if I "need" less food in the same way you're describing but I've always found that I'd eat much more as a result of drinking. ..In fact I guess it was kind of the opposite. I didn't "need" more food when I was drinking but I would eat food I didn't "need." I could've eaten a full dinner but if I got drunk I could eat almost a whole pizza later that night no problem...I've also found that I eat far shittier food the next morning/early afternoon. It's hard to motivate yourself to care about healthy vs. unhealthy food when you already feel like garbage.
opposite for me eating like crazy as compared to before...I was drinking daily but not during the day but even still during the day I frequently wouldn't be hungry for breakfast or lunch was about 50/50 whether I'd be hungry for dinner once I got going on the vodka...plenty of times I went 48hrs with no food
Posts like these make me happy for you and sad for me! I ate like a starving rhinoceros for over a year. Put on 25 pounds that is slowwwlllyyyy coming off
Probably because I'd go out drinking and end up in McDonalds eating McNuggets Burger fries and milkshake. (Yeah Whiskey/Beer and other such and Milkshake was risky). ..Now I don't yeah I forget to eat if anything. Feeling far better not as groggy in the mornings and such. 
Definitely true for me as well. I would eat sooo many calories the morning after drinking heavily (which was 4-5x a week). It's not really that I was hungry it just took away a little of the hangover pain and anguish for a short period of time...
It seems that it goes both ways. Some people start eating like crazy others find their appetite diminished. I fall into the latter group. I'm not quite as hungry in general. Which for me is great in helping the weight loss goals I am working on!
I put on ten pounds in a couple weeks after I quit.
I'm definitely eating less. I'm not hungover all the time trying to gain some pleasure from food to chase away the shitty empty filling I always had. That being said I get cravings now for snacks and soda which I've never had before. 
