-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3v8dbc/im_questioning_most_things_in_my_life_i_feel_lost/

I have been using the "on your current day" tool and I have of course seen a lot of variation in how people handle sobriety at my point in the journey. A lot of people seem to doing wonderfully and I'm pretty envious. Others like me are struggling. I would like to talk to you guys in real time about it. Sorry I know the sub gets flooded with this stuff...In the last few weeks I've shed the early sobriety high and now I feel lost. I want to quit my job because they are asking for long hours and I just don't see the point of working there -- I just want to sleep. The feeling of being stuck weighs heavy on me and I feel like I'm not living life correctly. I'm sure the shit will hit the fan soon from my lack of interest in work and life (I have a deadline tomorrow for a huge project and I left work at noon because I just don't care). ..I almost want to drink to see if it will help me not screw up my life... I know it's not true but a part of me thinks that the erratic emotions from alcohol help drive my success. ..Thank you for reading. I'd appreciate any feedback at all.
----------immediate responses--------

I had a similar time.  I doubted a lot of things that I still now hold dear.  I wanted to split with my wonderful wife.  I'm glad I held off making that ruinous decision...I also had those thoughts that I could fix things by drinking again.  It's fake.  You know it's fake you say it's fake.  Drinking got me to that place drinking got you here now.  Drinking again won't fix anything...Hang in there.  It sucks sometimes but it gets better.
Yup I've had this too. You're not alone. I get this shitty thinking for no more than 3 days at a time now though which is progress. Keep posting it will pass. 
Hey there. You don't need to be sorry at all. This is exactly what this sub is for and every time you post you are doing yourself and everyone else here a service. I must tell you that you describe a situation very familiar to me. This may not be the case with you but I suffered from depression. I highly recommend seeing a medical professional - I did and I can't imagine getting through the depression without my Drs help. Not caring unable to make oneself take care of basic needs (like working for a living) lack of interest in life wanting only to sleep.....Drinking is not the evaluative measure you need. You deserve to feel well and balanced. 
