-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vjnn8/40_days_today/

Greetings y'all!..I mostly lurk on this subreddit -- though I'd like to be a bit more active going forward -- but I wanted to post and share that I have been clean and sober for forty days! ..This post is one part self-congratulation one part expression of gratitude and one part "YOU CAN DO IIIIIT!" to anyone out there struggling with sobriety. ..40 days ago I entered an inpatient rehab facility after a particular unstable and destructive weekend. I was drinking nonstop and had not been taking my medication. I was hospitalized in a ward for co-occurring disorders after which I was sent to an inpatient rehab where I thought I would stay for three to four weeks. Unfortunately my insurance cut me off after 12 days. I was ticked off for a minute or two and could feel myself doing the thing where I tell everyone why insurance companies are terrible awful no good but then I stopped and realized that it was out of my control and that there was no point in raging. ..So I left the inpatient center and immediately started 90 in 90 and an outpatient program that meets three times a week. I have met a lot of terrific sober people who support and inspire me. My family has been incredibly supportive. ..Sobriety has given me the clarity to become aware of certain patterns of behavior in my life and now gives me the foundation I need to approach and manage these patterns. I'm cautiously optimistic about the future and am so grateful for what I have now...I want to thank everyone here for all the daily posts -- struggles triumphs shows of support. Even if I don't post often I do reap benefits from checking SD daily. ..Stay sober friends! (-8 If you are struggling today reach out to someone else in the program post here send me a message do something! This is not insurmountable. There is hope. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good job. .Those 90 meetings were a great help to me in staying sober.
Cheers (with coffee!) to 40 days right along side you! Nice job!
Thank you for this post and congrats on 40 days. Keep fighting the good fight.
Way to go!!!
This is wonderful.   Well done.   A huge accomplishment. ...Go buy yourself a treat.  
Congratulations this is inspiring and I'm so happy for you!
