-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vntg6/having_trouble_getting_traction_but_had_a_victory/

Ever since achieving my 1 month chip I have been struggling. I won't drink for 4 or 5 days then will fall off the wagon. I am no where near as bad as I was before and I think that is why I am fighting with it. I know the right answer is to stay sober...This weekend has been a write-off. On Friday night I had a wonderful dinner at a steak place with someone that is normally a good influence and knows about my drinking problem. I drank sparkling water as I usually do. Then after talking about drinking we ended up at a pub with some friends and I drank. This led to drinking all day yesterday and now I feel horrible...I had a bit of vodka left this morning. I poured it into a glass and stared at it for what seemed to be eternity before dumping it down the drain. I guess that is a small victory. I will be resetting my badge...What I am going to do differently:.1. I think I am going to take a break from eating at restaurants on Friday night for a while..2. I am going to talk to her and let her know that I can't have a repeat of Friday night..3. I am going to put this weekend behind me dust myself off and get back on the horse..
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like a good plan!  
I'm choosing to live like a hermit for my first month to avoid these slippery situations. I think your plan sounds more realistic Let's do it!
I had to avoid restaurants for a couple of months for this reason. Good plan!
Good work here /u/tonicnlime 
&gt;  I poured it into a glass and stared at it for what seemed to be eternity before dumping it down the drain.      ..That is strength. Dont think differently. Could have given into the guilt and s3lf loathing and downed it but you chose the path of strength and willpower.  I too had many 3-5 days before drinking again. But in that shame I found the sense of self I wanted to be that even if I'd taken the wrong turn i could self correct and pour out. Not finish it - which is something when binging.     .That no. And even later string of false start drinking day noes have encouraged me to go longer this time w/out than ever before. And reject cravings when they hit..
Without sticking to dry people and dry places I will surely drink again.  I have done it a dozen times.
