-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vqwbx/today_was_rough/

I had a real bad time today and I got pretty close to drinking. I've been struggling with a heavy workload and some other stuff for awhile and i was trying to write today and I realized I just had no passion for what I was doing and that i wasn't going to be able to go to dinner with my parents because i had to do my work. well they left and i was upset I wandered downstairs and i was just feeling awful. I knew I shouldn't but I walked over to the bottle of Bourbon and took off the cork. I stood there for awhile raising the bottle to my lips and putting it down again but never taking a drink. I just kept staring at it unable to put it down. i stood there for probly 20 minutes fighting myself wanting really bad to give in. In the end i think what saved me was partly being on SD the thing that made me put the bottle down finally was thinking about the little badge and how I really didn't want to have to reset that. I thought about how I had gone 2 years sober I didn't want to throw that away. I imagined starting at zero and having to count up again through the single and double digits and once i thought long enough about that i was able to put the bottle down and leave. I ended up leaving the house to get some air and went to dinner with my parents anyway. I got real close today to making a big mistake though and I don't really know how to react.
----------immediate responses--------

The way I think of it is that a badge reset could be my last.  It could go either way.  I might not have to reset it again and leave this life sober or I might never reset it again because i never come back.  The latter though scares me.  Good job for not drinking and thanks for reminding me why i don't have booze in the house.  That sounded like a long hard 20 minutes.
You know what I like?  I like that you have 744 days and you are keeping it fucking REAL. You're not trying to pretend like sobriety is a cake walk filled with rainbows and butterflies. This shit is hard and we have to work at it every day...I'm so glad that you didn't drink. I'm so glad that you came here to post honestly. I'm so glad that you are showing all of the new people that despite how bad we want to drink we don't HAVE TO. We have a whole community of people here who are cheering us on.  I'm cheering for you big time friend! Thanks so much for sharing.
That little badge and this SD community really do hold most of us accountable in such a great way. You did an awesome job. 
Congratulations on resisting the temptation.  I relapsed recently after 15 months of not drinking and now I am really struggling to get back on the wagon.  It's no fun at all.
you made the right choice ! ..just think how close you are to 4 digits !!!  you got this !
If I reach 745 days iam gonna show me arse to a policeman.
