-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vxrz6/first_sober_bday_in_at_least_a_decade/

tl;dr:   I turned 31 yesterday and i'm having a bit of a rough time lately.  I don't know if it's because i'm at 46 days (my last relapse was around this point) or because i'm getting older in a life that is far from what i thought it would be.  Or if i'm still exhausted and my body is recovering from sinus crap.  I feel a weight in my chest and a bit of sadness/loneliness that i'm having trouble shaking off. ..Thanksgiving was great i don't remember thinking about drinking before or during except for the few times when my brother commented that i wasn't drinking.  ..The day after thanksgiving i went to CSCYPAA (first convention i've gone to) Overall i had an amazing time but there were many times i felt completely overwhelmed by the amount of people and other times that i felt completely out of place because it seemed like everyone knew everyone else.  towards the end of the weekend i found myself feeling more comfortable...this past week seemed to go in a blur i slept extra to catch up from the weekend and to let my body heal before my sinus's got worse (lack of sleep and dry weather does not mix well for me)  a week later my sinus is still stuffy but most of my cough/chest is clear.  ..Saturday my niece turned 2 and we had a small party for her.  On the way to my brothers i found myself thinking about having a beer there that one beer would be ok.  he probably has something from the brewery i haven't tried yet.   all those types of thoughts and was a bit on edge when i first arrived.  But as i was watching my niece and playing with her i realized i wouldn't be enjoying this nearly as much if i had a drink in my hand because i'd be spending the whole time thinking about that drink.  ..After the party i went to a holiday party that my local YPAA was hosting.  It was overwhelming and great to be in a room of happy sober people.  at first after saying hi to a bunch of people i kind of just sat there watching everyone.  later on i did get up to dance...Sunday was a pretty good day took my dog for a walk there was a big event going on in my area so there were thousands of people around.  found a few more gifts for christmas to finish off my lists.  ..My birthday ended up being a pretty uneventful day in every sense of the word. it felt like a normal monday unfortunately.  Aside from my family only one friend contacted me to say happy birthday (outside of the wall of facebook posts that everyone does because FB reminds you of someones bday)  I know that some of that is my fault because i haven't kept in good contact with people while i was drinking but it also is a sad reminder of how disconnected society is in this day and age.  It did remind me that when i see the birthday reminder instead of posting on their wall i should call or text instead.  i know it would have made my day that much better if more people did the same maybe it'll brighten someone else's day.  Even at my current job no one mentioned it (my previous job everyone's birthdays were celebrated)..Last night i met with my sponsor we read some more of the bigbook and talked about this past weekend before heading to a meeting.  There were a couple people there that are also friends on FB and i was hopeful that they would say something but that didn't happen.  So i listened to everyone's shares i still haven't found the courage to share at a meeting.  and went home afterwards.  ..I hope my next birthday is better.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday my friend!
Happy Birthday! Hang on and kudos for 46 days!
yay!..Seeing IRC people post on here is like spotting them in the wild...This was a nice read we all go up and down. Just remembering not to drink is one way to keep something constant...
Happy Birthday!
