-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vy9g4/my_stopdrinking_paradox/

Some backstory.  I'm a US Army vet of 8 years got out in 2011.  3 tours to Iraq one to Afghanistan.  I drank a lot in the army when not deployed or in the field as is common for many soldiers.  My time in the Army has left me cynical pessimistic and generally emotionally closed off.  I hate the base nature of people in the world and have a generally negative view of things.  When I drink I don't binge but I drink 4-5 drinks every single night with no days off.  I have a wife of 3 years and a 2 month old daughter I have a good job for how early in my career I am and things are going relatively well...I relapsed last week after a few months of sobriety.  The dilemma that I'm experiencing is that I think I prefer the person I am when I drink to the person I am when i'm sober but I hate what alchohol is doing to my body.  I feel that sober me has to put on a mask of charisma and "happiness" to everyone in my life when these are not things that I feel or express often.  When I drink I feel that many of these personality related things are lessened and it allows me to be more outgoing and generally more fun for people to be around.  So obviously I want to quit drinking for the benefit of myself and my family but I feel that when I don't drink I'm either miserable all the time or putting on my mask...So this is my question : How do I stay dedicated to quitting when I don't like the way I have to live my life when i'm sober?  I feel like i'm living a lie when I have to put on my charismatic "mask" because nobody wants to be around a pessimistic cynical ass.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; So this is my question : How do I stay dedicated to quitting when I don't like the way I have to live my life when i'm sober? ..For me the answer to that question has been AA.  I would have called myself crazy for saying that when I came to them out of desperation just over a year ago &amp; in fact that judgment kept me out hating myself while watching my life condition slowly but surely worsen...I too am a vet.  8 years from 2005 to 2013 &amp; a couple of tours to Iraq.  It changed me I hated the world grew to hate myself and solved that all with alcohol.  Slowly I've come to believe it was never the military's problem the world's problem or any other external force's problem...it was me...the quality of my thoughts actions &amp; reactions to life...When I stopped drinking on my own for 8 months a number of years back I hated myself more.  I coped with life by drinking.  ..The "mask" you're wearing I get that 100% I wore that all of the time.  I wore it to control the perception of myself as an officer in the military.  I wore it to control the perception of myself around family.  Etc etc and that's hard work...So again I'd consider giving AA a shot a real shot until you can prove it doesn't work for you.  Of course there are other ways but that's what worked for me.
Simple answer (not an easy one though) - change yourself...If you don't like who you've become you can change. Work on being less pessimistic and cynical. Look at yourself and try to determine what it is that brings that kind of thinking into your life and work to adjust that.
&gt; The dilemma that I'm experiencing is that I think I prefer the person I am when I drink to the person I am when i'm sober[.]..Yeah I thought this way but I was full of shit.  In reality I didn't want to grow up to be a drunk cynical bastard--I wanted to grow and mature and learn from my life experiences; not just be a dying alcoholic heap.  For me that meant changing my outlook and the only way I could change my outlook was to 1. get sustained time sober; and 2. recover.  For me this meant that I started stopping [with the things I describe at the Baby Steps.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  As a US Army veteran I know there are a ton of services available to me.  I needed to show some leadership and become my best advocate.  I was able to go to and complete college and go to and complete law school.  You can do what you want to do but my guess is you wouldn't be posting here if you too didn't want more. 
If I understand this correctly it sounds like you drink to escape some personal demons. I recommend you seek counselling. I don't have any military background from which to draw but your situation is not uncommon and there are therapists out there who have experience and training dealing with your exact situation.
[removed]
Nearly every addict faces the same paradox you describe. Not many like themselves when they're sober. It took me a solid 3 months before I started to genuinely feel just OK. Before that time I was more or less just going through the motions. Passing time.  My first three months were just busy work. ..There's a thing that happens here on this sub that drives me batty because of all the harm it does. You know all those people who post to say how completely awesome their life is since quitting? And the people who say "oh yeah I was one like you then I did this one simple thing and now I poop rainbows..." ..Guess what?  They're *lying.*  ..So what happens is people read their exaggerated stories they compare their actual reality to that person's fantasy land tale and they end up feeling like they're doing something wrong and that nothing will ever get better.  It's so so damaging to tell those tall tales here...It took me at least 3 months of continuous sobriety before the good things started happening.  It's not like I just sat around waiting I made an effort. I got physically active got involved in things etc. But honestly for the first 3 months I was just going through the motions...Check out our [Military](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/military) page..
I was a Navy guy myself with 5 years under my belt but I think this sort of attitude follows many people well after their military careers. I know I joined the Navy with with a positive attitude and after years of doing stupid menial tasks long and thankless working hours living in sub-par conditions formations and PT for no reason and then waiting for months to get my benefits when I separated had left me feeling disillusioned...I spent time working in a clinic at the V.A. and I've seen countless older and younger vets who never let this attitude go and let the hard living get the best of them. I vowed to never let this happen to me and I don't think any veteran should go down this road. Not sure if you've enrolled with the V.A. but they sent me a string of e-mails most of them in regards to alcohol or tobacco use unemployment and homelessness. They don't have much faith in us!..Although it's easy to view people negatively maybe it can be helpful to list the positives. Similar to how people will list reasons to drink vs. not drink maybe take a moment to list why it's a good day today and why you could feel optimistic today. You've already said you have a great family and a great job! It's cliche as hell but they say positive thinking really can help...Of course professional help could never hurt. Not sure how your healthcare options are but the V.A. has taken drastic strides in improving their services since the last catastrophe...http://www.va.gov/opa/choiceact/..They've improved services if for some reason you cannot reach a V.A. facility or the wait is over 30 days. ..Hopefully you find some answers for yourself in this thread. Thank you for your service.
The people around you who love you know when you've had a few to drink. They know the difference in attitudes. People we are around can tell the difference in us when we are sober and pissed-off and how we are a bit lighter after a couple beers. They love us and can see we are in trouble but most times have no clue how to help. How long before your daughter begins to know the dad and the dad after a few beers to lighten up? You can do this. I know you can. The people around you know you can. 
&gt; and it allows me to be more outgoing and generally more fun for people to be around.&lt;..I don't mean to sound like a 'smart-ass' but how do you know?  I've known many a person who thinks they're the "Life of the Party" with a few drinks; when in fact although laughing people are rolling their eyes and thinking "Well XXX has had a few"...You may not feel comfortable with 'Sober You' but maybe the family and friends you're around **really like** the Sober You!..Good luck with your progress.
