-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3w1l3l/i_didnt_relapse_i_just_had_a_lapse/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
&gt;the weeks I spent 100% sober I remembered all the good times. I did some cool stuff I would never do fucked up. ..I gave up alcohol not because of the trouble I got while drinking since I didn't get into much trouble drinking. But I gave up alcohol because I didn't want to lose the joys and benefits of being sober. I actually like being sober more than being drunk. That's how I've made it this far. You can't have both. You cant be sober and also drink. You gotta choose. In the end I choose not to drink.
I think your mental gymnastics are just like those of an alcoholic. 
Your post is written sort of poetically a lot of euphemisms and metaphors. I think sometimes it helps to call things like it is: a 'dance with the devil' is drinking; 'getting lost on the journey' is choosing to drink again...I think the more we separate ourselves from the reality of what we're doing the harder it is to figure out what went wrong and change it for the future. There isn't much here about how you were feeling when you decided to drink again. What options you thought of instead the thought process behind choosing to drink instead of reaching out. Not much about how you're going to try again for the future...Sometimes these euphemisms can be helpful to view things from a bigger perspective but a lot of times it's easy to use them as a way to avoid talking about brass tacks. ..I won't comment on the decision not to reset the badge but I know from my own experience doing that (relapsing and not resetting for one reason or another) it served as a way for me to excuse my relapse and not have to think about. I just called it part of my 'journey.' And then I drank again because i had already defined my 'journey' as including alcohol. When I did finally reset i realized the journey I needed to be on was actual sobriety; not having in a built-in excuse for a relapse...It sounds like you've got your head in the right place for this stuff but staying grounded and recognizing that this is *it* have been the difference for me in wanting to get sober and knowing i have to and actually doing it. 
