-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3w91b1/thoughts_on_day_4_of_med_detox_at_home/

Saw my GP on Monday morning for assistance in at home detox with meds.  Hubby went with 110% support and as a back-up to give GP confidence that I can do this and it can work...I'm not terribly happy with the side effects of the Tranzene.  I feel loopy like I have beer goggles on.  I'm pretty sure there have been times in my drinking days that I felt and acted like this and that part is embarrassing but I'm determined to see it through.  Today is a step down on the meds and I'm looking forward to that.  I don't like the feeling and looking back I can't imagine why I ever did...I have no nausea no tremors and my BP is controlled with BP meds.  My BP while trying to taper was wildly off the chart (195-200/110).  It's now rock steady at 110/70.  I'm just slightly clumsy a little tired and can't process sentences well. This is tranzene side effect.  ..I'm eating bland foods when I can taking triple B vitamins and guzzling water as fast as I can fill the glass.  The sleep is good no vivid dreams no sweats and no auditory or visual hallucinations...Make no mistake here - just because this is going pretty easily for me doesn't mean that I'm rationalizing that I can moderate my drinking.  I've come to the cold hard realization that I can't.  I had 287 sober days before relapse and I remember those days as being happy and healthy.  I've already put into place strategies to maximize my success when I come out of this on Saturday.  I've found an addiction therapist and will start attendng F2F SMART recovery meetings...And the best part is in solidarity my hubby has quit with me. Cold turkey no withdrawals.  Lucky duck...Anyway enough about me.  I'm doing well.  Good on all of you who pledged not to drink today. It's the first thing I post when I get up in the morning.  I have so much to live for.  Why die before I live it? Hearts all around!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I've found an addiction therapist and will start attendng F2F SMART recovery meetings...Sounds like you've got a great plan and lots of support! Congrats on three days!
Outstanding!
[deleted]
