-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wel29/can_you_guys_help_me_by_sharing_stories_of_your/

I'm 30.  I drank heavily for about 10 years.  Sometimes up to 375 ml of vodka a night.  I go through periods of sobriety up to a couple months and then relapse...To get serious about sobriety I actually found a doctor (haven't been in all these years because I was too scared) went to an appointment and told her the truth about my drinking history.  She was kind and supportive and sent me for blood work.  I had it drawn this morning...After drinking heavily I will get a pain around my liver but that goes away in a few days.  After a few weeks of not drinking I feel fine.  GREAT even.  In fact I can't believe I've been denying myself the chance to feel this good.  I eat well I've got energy my anxiety and panic goes away.  And - my god - the SLEEP.  It's amazing.  ..But I'm still scared to find out all the damage I've done to my body over all these years.  I go to the doctor again next week...If you can help me by telling me your own stories of how your body recovered I think it would give me some hope and comfort.  ..Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

OP you and I have very similar stories. I too am interested in what others who have healed have to say. Especially the body reacting to such a decrease in calories a day.
I had similar issues and I'm 27. Pain around my liver and pancreas bloating and pretty overweight. I think I was seriously flirting with pancreatitis and one of my major motivations for quitting was the feeling of playing Russian Roulette with every drink. ..At 95 days the pain is only an unpleasant memory one I don't want to forget lest I return to abusing my organs. I've lost over 30 lbs. I'm still a bit heavy but my skin is not pale and clammy looking and I don't sweat at the drop of a hat anymore. I look and feel attractive again and I can tell in my interactions with others that they think the same. ..I sleep great I've had nightmares in previous attempts to quit but this time it's been mostly fine. I'm exhausted by the time bedtime rolls around  and I'm up naturally about 2 minutes before my alarm goes off. ..I haven't been to a doctor and it will be a little while longer before I can afford to but I can say for certain that I am amazed before I'm halfway through and sobriety has given me more than I ever thought. ..The floodgates have truly opened upon me emotionally spiritually and financially. ..It sounds like you're well aware of the benefits of sobriety and the health dangers of continued alcohol abuse. For me my health and positive future outlook were the best and simplest gifts I could give myself. 
I used to have a lot of pain in what I thought was the area of my liver every time I drank. This worried me but instead of stopping I drank more to stop worrying about the pain (crazy right?). I quit drinking and smoking on the same day. I had some trouble sleeping for a few nights but no other complications thank goodness. In the first few months after I quit I just took it easy and did some walking on the treadmill and some weights. I weighed close to 180 when I stopped drinking and felt fat and ugly. I'm now 159 and feel light and strong. I had some tests done and my numbers are within normal ranges and last time I had it taken the nurse told me my blood pressure is superb. So try not to worry. Keep off the drink and you'll be fine.
Fear over the damage I'd done to my body was probably the strongest motivating factor for stopping on the day that I quit. I'm super grateful that I don't seem to have caused any serious damage. ..I feel like I've dodged a bullet. There's no way I will go back to drinking again as it would be back to playing russian roulette with my health and life. Fear of the damage that returning to drinking would do to my body sooner or later is a factor in the wall I've built between me and alcohol...I eat well I exercise I take care of myself. I feel good I'm in good health I'm fit I'm happy I'm comfortable with my body I'm rested life is good :)
the important thing is you are doing something good now better to know bc if anything is wrong you are young enough to fix it and deal with it. my uncle passed away very suddenly and traumatically from liver disease at 50 after decades of alcohol abuse he never addressed this issue.. it was four days from his dr appointment on a friday to dying on hospice the next tuesday he was fifty. it was too late for him they said even if he had gone in a year before they couldnt have done anything even 5 years...it was that bad scared me and devastated the family....but you have time!.ive been an alcoholic for about 4 years and ive been sober for 95 days now and where do i start??.my skin looks great ive lost weight my energy is sustained throughout the day. i used to be exhausted by 2 i the afternoon grumpy and all that..ive dropped a couple pounds and i am cognitively on point at all times. i used to have to rush out earlier in the day so i could designate the latter hours as 'relazy drinky smokey time' and now all the times are mine and mine alone. i know true relaxation and rest...they say even moderate drinking can cause fatty liver but after 2 weeks of abstaining it heals completely. the liver can regenerate from 25%.. the body will heal and rebuild itself from practically anything you just have to give it the time..i exercise everyday and eat right and i really love it theres nothing in the world like giving you body everything it would ask for if it could the rewards are many i just feel good... the best thing is im committed and confident when that happens nothing can take your sobriety away from you i view drinking as a villain trying to steal away my memory my mornings and my life. not me. not anymore.. i have my dreams and potential back im mentally sound and stable. i can do whatever i want to do in life! alcohol could never give me that.
This year my intake it wasn't too bad probably 10-15 drinks a week. Just enough to make my body to operate like a used car: you can drive it but sometimes you hear weird noises and not all electronic parts work every time...Haven't had a drink in 78 days working out 11-12 times per week.  ..I feel like an animal! Half marathon PR 1:24. Recently got a blood pressure reading: 117/72 (I always had it a bit high at least 135/70). .
I got a cold that only lasted two days instead my requisite fourteen. My hair and eyes are glossy and healthy. My muscle mass is building and I am so so much less anxious and depressed. ..Sobriety makes me so much healthier both mentally and physically. ..Keep at at! 
Like some of you here I put the plug in the jug after my health began to fail. I drank a fifth of Jacquins vodka daily for a couple years after falling off the wagon. Started with stomach pains. Loose stools greasy floating turds. Vomiting every am . Normal day stomach felt better as soon as I got a few in me. Was at my highest weight ever though all I consumed was  booze. Woke up one day in excruciating pain. Unable get my vodka down I procured Valium and began an at home detox. I was so sick don't know how I survived. No health insurance. The only thing I did for the  first few months was rest find food that I could tolerate and go to AA. Started reading SD. In time I lost 40 lbs. Now I look great and feel better than I ever felt before.  Started an antidepressant  daily exercise supplements and nutrition  really helped later on. Was just so exhausted I couldn't do anything if I tried. Just takes time. Good luck in your sobriety!                     
thanks for reminding me of the liver pain. I was feeling that too. This thread is a great reminder for myself to STAY AWAY.
My nickname by age 19 included the word "shakey" even got nystagmus for a while (the beggining of wernickes encephalopathy)..Actual quit at age 25. Almost 5 years now..I have a very mild tremor in my hands but otherwise im fine..One thing though  liver function tests arent going to give a doc info like "the liver is 30% fragged" its testing for enzymes and stuff that indicate current or recent trauma so even if they come back fine id always tread lightly with my liver...Like  its an amazing organ and can beat back a lot but it cant remove its own scar tissue and replace it with healthy liver cells and if some scarring was already done it (again) might not show up on a test..When I got clean the big worry with my healthcare provider was the pancreas (thankfully also fine) that lil sunafabitch is much more of a pansy then the liver
I'm 30 as well and have been an alcoholic for about 9 years. The main reason I decided to quit drinking was a health scare actually. I woke up after a heavy night drinking which was just a normal night to me really and could barely get out of bed. My kidneys and liver felt like I got stabbed and my back and leg were in excruciating pain damn near paralysis from a chronic case of sciatica. I generally felt like an unhealthy 90 year old man. It was as I hobbled to the bathroom that I made myself an ultimatum: Quit drinking or die. .I then took a nasty neon orange piss that bubbled with unholiness and looked into my empty blood shot eyes in the mirror. That's when I chose to live. I know sounds very cliche but I swear that's how it went down. ...That person 4 months ago is no longer me. Never went to a doctor for a checkup on the damage I've done but I'm feeling 70 years younger! Kidney pain gradually diminished over the first month to nothing at all. My sciatica flares up every now and then but alcohol was definitely exasperating it worst pain of my life. My psoriasis skin condition has also improved greatly. ...People that I haven't seen in 4+ months sometimes don't recognize me at first and then always say how I'm looking good. Defintely shedding 30 pounds of skinny fat better posture and a non bloated face will do that to a person. Really every single physical problem that I suffered with (many other tiny ones I didn't include) has been either cured or eased by not drinking poison. It only took me 9 years to figure that one out!.
