-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wjuy0/day_5_post_relapse/

The day is Saturday and my buddy picked me up for an 11 o'clock meeting which was quite populated. Some things were said that hit hard but I couldn't help but dwell on the year of sobriety that I had. ..The depression today is tough. I'm walking around with my head hanging low and a long face. I feel like I've lost my best friend not the booze this time but rather the year's worth of hard work in recovery. ..I'm angry at myself for slipping up and for making the coming weeks unnecessarily more challenging than they need be. Although I'm moving forward I still don't feel myself. I feel like a shell of a person walking around on empty. And like a typical alcohol I want a quick fix that will make it all better.  I know the only thing that will get me back to some sense of normalcy is time and a lot of hard work. It doesn't help that xmas is in full swing and I see no joy in it. ..Today's post I'm talking like a fucking pussy. My mother has been by my side helping me out in every way possible and I'm trying to give off an air of positivity for her because she's been a rock and an angel to me all week. ..I don't have the urge to drink. As a matter of fact since I drank so heavily and recklessly last week the thought of alcohol going into me makes me urge to vomit. I just want things to be as they were before two Sunday's ago when I felt strong confident and useful. I'm 6'2" and feel so small. I've lost 20 pounds due to simply not eating and the result is that I feel weak physically. I am forcing myself to eat but there is no pleasure in food. I love to cook but cooking is the last thing on my mind. ..I haven't seen my daughter in over a week. She's only 2 and a half but I'm afraid I'd break down and stop sobbing if I were to video chat with her and I don't want her to see me like that. The weather outside is rain drizzle and fog. It's just like how I feel in my head. ..All in all my head is a mess and no matter how much I try to ground myself in the now I just can't seem to find that. ..None of this would be happening hadn't I had that first drink. ..Alcohol withdrawal is one sonnabitch. I hate it. ..tl;dr the road to recovery after relapse is difficult. I hope none of you have to experience it. ..Again thanks for listening.  
----------immediate responses--------

I really feel bad for you but think how fortunate we relapsers are that have returned here. Here just like at the meetings many people I have struggled with are gone. Poof. As much as they want to join us again they just can't get away from the awful grip of alcoholism. Maybe one drink was all it took to destroy everything. We are truly the lucky ones. Each day gets better and someday this relapse will be part of your story and you won't regret the past. So hang in there and just take it day by day.
You're one brave and resilient fucking pussy then aren't you?...You came back. You're sharing your journey. I love your honesty and frankly I find these posts really moving. When I think back to the despair I felt in the first days I shiver - I hear your pain and suffering and I feel such compassion for you. Try and find some compassion for yourself and remember that you are still that person who racked up a whole year. You can do this.
Thank you for sharing.  Hang in there!
Thank you. This helped me. 
Hey friend. You didn't lose all that time. You were still sober for a year and spent that year learning how to do all kinds of things without alcohol. It will get easier because you already know what to do!
