-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wnl3l/i_relapsed_yesterdy/

Seven days ago I admitted to myself I was an alcoholic and I quit drinking. Yesterday I relapsed. ..As I sit in bed this morning going through the withdrawal and hangover again along with the crushing anxiety it's easy for me to hate myself. It's harder to let go and love myself but that's what I'm trying to do. Self hatred isn't going to help anything. ..So the up side to six days of sobriety..  That was six more days where I didn't poison my body. That was six days I didn't gain weight from the extra calories in alcohol. That was six days where I played with my daughter more. Six days where I was a better wife. ..And yesterday was one more day where I learned something new about myself and will help me stay sober in the future.  
----------immediate responses--------

Relapsers welcome here! Good luck today is a new day.
Yes you're a good person..Yes you relapsed..So.What are you going to do differently this time?
I'm in almost the same situation! I'm glad you're here- I had to decide to get over my shame of relapsing and just start again rather than just give up and give in. You're not alone in this struggle!
&gt; And yesterday was one more day where I learned something new about myself and will help me stay sober in the future...Sounds like you're back on the right path. This is my mindset after my relapse 11 days ago. I thought I could drink for just one or two nights and stop. Now I know I *really* know that I can't. I have to admit to myself that moderation is not an option for me and I have to accept that. Before that relapse I wasn't sure. Now I am and am even firmer in my commitment to not drink.
I am glad you have "forgiven" yourself for relapsing. It happens to the best of us. I have had so many relapses and badge resets that I have stopped counting so I feel you there!..Just pick yourself up dust yourself off and tell yourself that you aren't a bad person or defective because you fell. It is part of being human and I am glad you have realized that it was just a slip and that you can go on and be sober. :)..Good luck!
Welcome Back!!  ..And congratulations on getting to 6 days that first week can be absolutely horrible.  Do you have some solid insight as to what brought on the relapse?  If you can really understand what let to this then you've learned something from your "research"...You've recognized that you drank and didn't like the result it produced.  So now you can take action that will produce a better result.  Hangovers suck and the anxiety is part of the withdrawals but the self hatred is not useful on this journey and will not serve you well if you hold on to it...Today I will not drink...
[removed]
