-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wol0b/i_love_reading_everyones_stories_here_is_mine/

Hi everyone. In 100 days I will be one year sober. That feels like an impossible fact. I first became aware that I had a problem with alcohol in 2008. At the time however I was in college and I thought it was a part of the experience and that my behavior wasn't far enough out of the norm to warrant concern. I started drinking at 18 and I thought that I was just in the learning curve portion of drinking. It was novel and I was young. Who cares if I drink too much after a long week of school and studying right? I felt like my life was supposed to feel a little wild and out of control. Live fast die young the whole thing.  ...At 21 after two drinking related hospitalizations one of which involved a suicide attempt I gave my first go at not drinking. I think I lasted five weeks. It could have been less to be honest. After that first run I was able to moderate my drinking well moderately well. For a few months I was good. I was scared of going overboard and I would watch myself.   ...Shortly after I resumed drinking I made a huge cross-country move and found myself living alone in a city unlike any I had ever lived in and ill equipped to deal with much of anything. And so over a steady period of time I started drinking more and more. Two glasses of wine a night turned into a bottle then that turned into a second bottle and maybe some beer. I lived in walking distance of a half dozen liquor stores and on too many nights I would stare in the mirror and gauge my ability to play sober and go out to buy another bottle or six pack. During this time period in my life I was deeply lonely and incredibly unhappy. Drinking didn't help of course but I was stuck in a cycle and I couldn't find a way to get out. My apartment my neighborhood and my self-destructive behaviors felt like a prison sentence. Towards the end of my time in that place I started to make friends which meant that I started making a fool out of myself in front of people. I was constantly ashamed of myself. I was ashamed of both my private and public personas and behavior. I hated myself and I hated that I couldn't stop buying alcohol that I couldn't stop drinking it that I couldn't stop blacking out and acting a fool and that I couldn't stop waking up with a hangover.  ...And then I moved again. And this time I made friends and was able to establish a much richer and more fulfilling life. But I still drank. Sometimes I drank moderately and sometimes I drank heavily. I still drank in excess by every definition the medical community gives us but somehow I wasn't facing any consequences. It wasn't uncommon for me to go to work with a hangover or maybe call in a sick day every few months but no one at work seemed to notice. I was embarrassed by how much alcohol I was buying and drinking but my partner didn't pay it much mind so I thought I was doing okay. My social life revolved around alcohol and it felt like everyone else's did too. My life scooted along like that for two years. Sometimes I would drink and get angry or weepy and cause a scene. Sometimes I wouldn't be able to remember conversations with people or television shows or text messages. All of those things troubled me but my relationship was great I was succeeding at my job working out paying my bills and making progress the way adults in the western world are expected to.   ...And then I got a call saying that my dad was missing. They couldn't find him but he had a gun. Then law enforcement came to deliver the news I already knew. He killed himself. The hours between  Your dad is missing  to  I'm sorry  and the hours that came after were the worst of my life. A lifetime bottom if you will. But I didn't stop drinking then.   ...I did start going to therapy. I lied about my alcohol use when my therapist asked. I knew I drank too much but I didn't want to be told to stop. I didn't see it as a problem. My problem was loss and grief and trauma. Alcohol had nothing to do with that. Except that alcohol exacerbated every emotion I had surrounding my dad's suicide. Just over four months passed between my dad dying and me stopping drinking and I kind of can't remember them that well. At the time I think I thought I was fine but it is easy from where I am now to see that I wasn't fine. Of course I wasn't.   ...In March 2015 I went to a party and had what felt like a really great time. I drank a lot but I cut my drinks with water spaced them out worked on controlling my impulses and I think I can say that I remember that whole night. I didn't embarrass myself other than one really relatively small thing. Except that one relatively small thing freaked me the fuck out the next morning. I made a joke that was the type of joke I would have found funny at 21. But now I was 26 and I didn't want to be that 21-year-old girl again. The embarrassment wasn't even the thing that made me see I needed to stop.  ...As the day post party wore on I started to crave a hair of the dog drink. And so I slammed a few beers and a glass of wine. And in that moment I saw myself unbelievably clearly - I am an alcoholic. A person without a drinking problem wouldn't have all the types of rules that I had. I person without a drinking problem wouldn't water down their drinks and tell others "it isn't about the taste" when asked why. A person without a drinking problem would have been satisfied with just one fun night of drinks and dancing without needing to binge drink the next day. I didn't want to be proud of myself for only waking up with a small hangover. I didn't want to have to constantly justify my problematic drinking. And so I made the biggest step I've made on this recover journey I told my partner and my therapist that I was an alcoholic and that I needed their support.  ...The first five months were extremely difficult. I was emotional irritated and irrational. I was convinced that I had a major personality disorder and was constantly fishing for my therapist to demand I see a psychiatrist. I don't know how I did my job because all I could do was focus on not drinking. I read /r/stopdrinking obsessively and plowed through several recovery memoirs. I started training for a half-marathon. I continued with therapy. I told those around me that I wasn't drinking. I changed up a ton of my behaviors and worked on breaking unproductive thought patterns. I made plans for getting my life to the place I wanted it to be and I followed through on those plans.  ...Today I am far happier than I was nine months ago or three years ago or all the way back to nine years ago when I started drinking. I still struggle and I still have a long way to go but I am *here* for those moments.  ...Thanks for reading my wall. And thank you to everyone who has shared on this little corner of the internet. Your words have helped me..
----------immediate responses--------

And your words have helped me too.  I don't know if I'm just in a strange mood today but I've been identifying a lot more than usual with the posts here (I mean I read most posts every day but today they're all just hitting really close to home).  Thank you for that.
I'm so glad to hear you folowed through on that moment of clarity - it's great to have you here nine months on keep going!
Good for you! You should be proud of everything you've achieved so far regardless of your struggles. I can relate to a lot of what you've just said. I did one of these today not sure if I'm embarrassed or relived maybe a bit of both. Stay strong thanks for sharing.
Fantastic share that "hair of the dog" was a huge moment for me too. There just wasn't ever enough. 
Thank you for sharing. I've been feeling a little off about my commitment to sobriety and your words reminded me there are many others in my shoes doing the work to make slow lasting change in their lives. I can keep moving forward too.
Thanks for sharing.
