-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wtf6u/been_struggling_with_drinking_ever_since_i_left/

I have tried to stop many times but usually given at about the two to three week mark... It is starting to take affect on my digestive system. Bloated irregular bowel movements yada yada. I just need a simple way to cut back a lot or simplY stop... For some reason I just have on drink and then that moment of "I know I shouldnt have another" pops in my head and I think eh what the hell. And end up drinking three or four more drinks.....The hardest part is at night. I tell myself it helps me sleep better when in fact I know it doesnt it's just either to "fall asleep" because I pass out... I've been starting to learn guitar and that helps keep my mind off wanting to drink more. But sometimes I am excited to continue to practice and others I just want to have a glass of whiskey and be okay with that instead.....It's affecting my relationships especially with my SO. Who is already on the verge of leaving me because of an overall loss of interest in things. It started in college I used to be very interested in piano and good at it as well as my major. Then the more I drank at parties and on weekends it just became the norm. And all I cared about was drinking. ..I just need to fucken quit though. I feel great when I quit after three weeks. But then it all just cycles over again... Any tips on how to kick the urge at night? I never have the urge to day drink it is only usually around 5-8pm that it's fucking hard to not pour myself a glass.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have any tips for defeating the urges but I too am tired of the drinking.    Been trying to just make a decision each day to not drink.
Yeah drinking really screwed with my sleeping.  Part of the reason for that is--the chemical ETOH while it will knock you out prevents restful sleep and healing sleep.  I needed to stop drinking altogether and the way that I started stopping [was with the things I describe at the Baby Steps post.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
Hello! I had no alcohol in my home. Many evenings I went to meetings which helped keep me motivated. Stay in touch.
I had to change my routine for a while.  Coming home and doing the same things I normally did in the evening would make me feel like drinking because drinking was part of the routine.  I started running and going for walks.  I started to integrate myself into sober communities (such as /r/stopdrinking) so I had folks to talk with when I felt like drinking.  I forced myself to do hobbies that I didn't associate with drinking even if I wasn't particularly interested in it just something to keep me focused for a tiny bit.  Even just obsessively cleaning the house. I made sure to have alternative beverages.  How do you feel about sparkle water?!..The longer I sustained sobriety the easier it was to ignore cravings until they went away and not drinking became the new norm.  Sometimes I had to just grit my teeth and get through the day without using any substance but doing so with the knowledge that if I persisted it would get easier and I would start to feel better was very helpful for me.
