-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wtppo/whine_whine_wine/

I'm three weeks sober and just starting to struggle with cravings. I wasn't sure if I'd have withdrawal symptoms because I was a binge drinker and would only drink 2-3 times a week (although approx once a week it would be very destructive with blackouts passing out and often vomiting for a full day afterwards) but I feel pretty awful at the moment with pains in my sides (at the back seems too low down to be kidney pains) dry eyes headaches and exhaustion. I'm also very depressed frustrated and irritable. Pale and spotty to boot! I'm managing to force myself out of bed in the morning but I'm barely functioning which is adding stress as I need to finish my PhD thesis and find a job asap for financial reasons. I know I'm acting like a tantrum-y child but I feel like it's so UNFAIR. I felt much better than this before on the one day a week that I wasn't either drinking or hungover- I'd even manage a jog sometimes! Aaaaargh!! I think my cravings started when I went for a roast in a pub on sunday. It went really well on the day I had soda limes and mulled apple juice and even had a good chat about my sobriety with people I'd met for the first time. However at the same occassion my boyfriend's friend invited him to a cheese and wine night that I fortunately won't be around for and now I'm hearing and seeing wine EVERYWHERE! I can almost taste it. My addict thoughts are such insidious little sneaks. Dogsitting at the mo' and the owner left wine in the fridge so I'm also posting for accountability. Thank you for allowing me to rant!
----------immediate responses--------

Ranting is good! Sometimes you just have to let that out...Hang in there. I know I noticed alcohol less over time. It still pops up on my radar from time to time but for the most part I forget that people around me are even drinking...You mention that you've jogged in the past. Maybe take that up a bit again? I know for me that exercise was the most immediate and effective way to deal with cravings.
Rant away but don't drink today.
Posting for accountability is good! Rant all you want!  Keep up the good work!!  
