-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3wuy65/101_days_in_and_having_relapse_thoughts/

I've got 101 sober days and my life is better in every way because of not drinking and so of course my wino brain is whispering to me about how I can surely have a glass of wine now that I've got my life back under control...My triggers to relapse-oriented thinking have been revolving around the holidays. I went Christmas-gift shopping at World Market last weekend and getting out of there without alcohol was a trial. For those who don't know World Market sells tons of specialty wine and beer. All the festive displays of French wines and special cases of imported beers were just CALLING to me! I made it out without buying any but it was a close call...Similarly I've been planning our Christmas Eve/Christmas day menus. I love to cook and plan elaborate meals for holidays and this is the first year in ages I haven't planned out what wines and beers would go well with the different foods. Wino brain is whispering "It just won't feel as festive without some wine or beer! Just a little bit won't hurt! Just buy one bottle and hold yourself to one glass! Or maybe two! And only because it's Christmas!" ..I am trying really hard to ignore wino brain and remind myself how much better my life is because I haven't drank in 101 days. I could just some encouragement from you guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

Every thought that I have had in sobriety that contemplated relapse was my alky-brain.  It is why I make my daily decision not to drink TODAY no matter what happens good or bad and I doggedly persist...Nowadays I am not at all contemplating relapse because I have no reservation about my alcoholism or what a relapse means for me.  I got to this place of acceptance via sustained time sober and our fellowship of sobernauts and alcoholics.
You have 101 days under your belt and your life is going great. You should be proud of what you have done! ..This urge will pass - guaranteed. All urges do. And then you'll be able to be even more proud of yourself because you got through it!..Hang in there and post here as often as you need!
Kudos for 101 days! [Thank goodness it's not dalmations!]                           .I never forget what happened when I drank and understand and believe that if I drink again I will eventually have all the misery back. In the first months of sobriety I protected myself from alcohol by avoiding places where drinking was a primary activity and limiting parties to those I knew were safe. Romanticizing alcohol is out of the question because I am committed not to drink today no matter what. There is nothing romantic about what happened to me when I was drinking. Christmas would be miserable if I started with a glass of wine because it wouldn't stop there. ..Hang on. Remember why you stopped. I find support with like-minded souls at AA meetings.
Fwiw I had almost no cravings at all until somewhere right after 100 days.  It was disappointing and as they say baffling that things got difficult all of a sudden.  The cravings persisted for several days before subsiding again.  Keep posting and coming here; that's what kept me from giving in.
Think about how great you're going to feel going into the new year having passed through the holiday season sober. If you can get through that you can do anything. It's so worth it! Hang on.  I know if I relapsed at Christmas it would totally ruin not only Christmas but my memories of Christmas 2015 too. Build good solid sober memories you can be proud of.
I was having a hard time around 100 days and made it through (with some help). It definitely seems to be a difficult period for a lot of people. For me it wasn't because my life was so much better though. It was more because at that time I was so tired of dealing with all of the things drinking had covered up. I had no illusion that I would have one or two. My motivation didn't come from a happy celebratory place. I just wanted to escape. I guess in some ways that made the decision not to drink easier. I don't know what your reasons for not drinking are or if you could have a few drinks over the holidays and not fall back into whatever brought you here. Only you have the information to make that assessment...My thought is that 101 days is an amazing start but in my experience it wasn't enough time for me to even consider drinking again not in comparison to the 10 years of drinking I did prior. I honestly feel that it takes more time to figure it all out...I for one am enjoying the holidays more being sober. I'm having a better time talking to family without alcohol induced sickness and anxiety hanging over me. For once I'm looking forward to New Year's and truly feel that I'm getting a clean slate. I don't think a few drinks are worth risking that. I vote tell wino brain to shut up and let's give 2016 a fighting chance.
101 days is awesome.  Show your wino brain who the boss is.  I would give anything to be in your shoes.  You must be doing something right.  Do you realize how strong you are?  You walked away from a close call.  That takes a lot of discipline  and keep up the good work!
I like to play the tape forward and let myself feel what would happen if I drank. How my body would feel after 1 drink turned to 4 how my mood would shift as I began obsessing about the next drink and how shitty I felt about myself. It's a good dose of reality. Then I do something else to distract. I love cooking for the holidays too. I'm not going to do it this year though. Hang in and remember why it was so important for you to quit in the first place. That reason still stands.
All these vets gave you way better advice on the relapse than I ever could but I just wanted to step in and make a suggestion about the much less important part of your post... The drinks! You can still be festive! Hot chocolate bar for dessert (what we are doing). Apple cider. A punch bowl of pretty colors with a lovely bubbly non alcoholic fizz... Cranberry works well for a pretty red! Obviously focusing on not relapsing is of utmost importance but I still think you and your family can enjoy a lovely meal and drinks! Happy holidays and good luck :) 
