-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x108p/after_a_year_and_a_half_of_trying_and_several/

I began my sober-journey with this subreddit about a year and a half ago without any other help. ..My first month I was very thankful and emotional. My second month I was cocky. My third month I thought I had everything figured out. My fourth month never happened because of a relapse. ..I wish I didn't delete my previous comments because my last one before the relapse went something like this "Is it suppose to be so easy? What am I suppose to do next when everything seems easy?"..I was running trying a vegan diet and becoming much healthier and I ruined it all. Someone said "Try not to tie all three things together work one thing at a time" and I dismissed the advice thinking I was all powerful. Today I don't run and don't eat a specialized diet just working on my drinking problem. ..So my story is I kept trying. I have had 30 days 3 different times with relapses. 61 days ago I went to a local AA meeting and I'm trying to go every week and I'm proud to reach my 60 days for a second time. ..This time I am being more careful and more humble. I am admitting I am powerless over alcohol. Its a hard concept for me to grasp somehow. ..Anyway I am still chugging along and will keep chugging along. Thank you for your support!
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos for 60 days! Your efforts are impressive. As long as I don't take that first drink I maintain a modicum of control over my life as much as any of us has. Hope we'll hear more from you. 
You always have people here. And we all understand...I'm ready for my 60 days.... Just have to keep with it.
Chug chug chug...trudge trudge trudge.  :)..You're doing great. I'm so glad you're back! Hang in there!!!
..&gt;I was running trying a vegan diet and becoming much healthier and I ruined it all. Someone said "Try not to tie all three things together work one thing at a time" ..I am always trying to do to many things and failing this is great advice.  ..Congrats your doing good....
Keep on truckin'.
I'm at the same point as you!!! Congrats!!!! It's been one hell of a journey I thought I was hopeless and doomed to never enjoy my life free from drugs and alcohol. Best of luck to you.
Congrats on a fresh new 60 days.  ..Always remember those previous days are never lost; you gained valuable experience and insight into your own personal condition and what was working for you...Sounds like you have a plan; are you still going to AA?..Welcome Back :).. 
Welcome back! I'm in my first month and your post has really helped me think about how it easy it will be for me to relapse. I also tried to be super healthy in my dry periods in the past (jogging every day and a vegan diet like you) and I've just realised that I was alternating between extremes because it was too difficult to stop and look at my problem. I think it's great that you're focusing fully on your drink problem now congrats on your 61 days!! Thank you so much for posting this.
Step 1. We admitted we were powerless over alcohol - that our lives had become unmanageable...Good job. :) I am not working the Steps per say but this one was a hard one for me at first. You can do it! I raise my glass of milk to you and to many more sober days for you! ;)
Congrats!
Thanks for posting. I really needed these reminders today. The disease is a subtle foe and one of its tricks is trying to convince me that it isn't a disease and that I have it "licked." I don't have it licked. All I have is a "daily reprieve". . . . Best of luck to you friend. Just don't pick up today and go help somebody else the way you've helped me.
I needed to read this post today thank you.
Hey there frequent relapser over the past few years with the same sobriety date as you. I always mucked up somewhere between 60 and 90 (at the longest). I want this to stick this time. Congratulations!
