-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x4wne/staying_sober_doesnt_get_any_easier_with/

So lately I've been falling into a "I didn't have a clear rock bottom so I'm not 'alcoholic enough' to stop" fallacious way of thinking. ..I'm not going to call myself a functional alcoholic because I was barely functioning at all. Not paying bills until your utilities get shut off not eating until you're fainting from hypoglycemia not being able to return a phone call or email- that's not functioning. ..But for the most part I was showing up to work. I might go a week or two without heat or water or electricity but I never was evicted. My liver can't have been doing great but it was never close to shutting down (*that I know of. Going to doctors was not something that I did). ..So...? I feel like I've been entertaining relapse thoughts. Like- so what if I drank every morning in bed then all day through work and then until I passed out at night? So? I still went to work and for the most part didn't black out (only blacked out once a month! Haha) or drive drunk (only once a week! Haha) or otherwise destroy my life (except for the constant suicidal longings! Haha)..Sorry. That probably seemed psychotic. The "hahas" were my way of reinforcing how erroneous the previous statement was. Whether I faced "rock bottom consequences" or not my life before I stopped using freaking sucked. I wanted to die every single day and was wholly miserable.  And if that's not a rock bottom that counts?? I don't know what is. ..So I just need to keep reminding myself of the previous paragraph and not of the first one. And of the fact that I *highly* doubt that having severe legal financial familial crises ever *helped* anyone quit and stay quit. Like really Alice get real. How would having lost a job or having gotten a DUI make getting and staying sober any easier!!?..Sigh. I'll now end this stream of conscious chain of worries.   ..TLDR: not gonna relapse right now but scared of the way I've been thinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you're very aware of the dangerous thinking that is going on; recognizing those thoughts were always the first step for preventing a relapse for me. And it may be a cliche but rock bottom can simply be where you decide to stop digging. I have never had any "serious" consequences (legal losing a job etc.) but the other "little" consequences were piling up quite rapidly (the upset to my family the health problems the depression). Congrats on your 90 plus days!
Sometimes our lizard brains like to think unhelpful thoughts. There's not much you can do to make them from stop doing that but you can recognize unhelpful thoughts for what they are and you are definitely doing that...I know I've entertained relapse thoughts before. I've also thought inappropriate thoughts about many other things (and people!). The trick is to not act on those thoughts. ..It sounds to me like though you are struggling you are doing very well. Hang in there and I bet those thoughts will go away soon enough.
Great post.  Here is what I learned:   Relapse thoughts are just that...thoughts.  Sometimes I go into a bank and think how great would it be to sneak into the vault and stuff my pants with cash.  I can laugh at this thought and it never makes me feel bad because I'm confident I won't act on that thought.  ..Don't ever beat yourself up over your thoughts.  Accept them and you for what they are.  Focus on your daily actions.  If you do that long enough you will never have to lament your thoughts again.  
I know those thoughts! What helps me is to remember "Yet."..Drinking hasn't cost me my job... yet.  .It hasn't ruined my marriage... yet.  .It hasn't cost me my house and my dogs... yet.  .It hasn't landed me in jail... yet.  .It hasn't made my organs fail... yet...Do I really want to know how much more it would take for those to happen? It should be enough to know that given enough booze each of them becomes almost certain...Besides thinking of the negatives that I could experience by drinking it helps to think of the positives in sobriety. Carrot and stick I guess...This is not easy stuff. 
I've played around a bit with this type of thinking recently.  And what I came to was that even though I'm still not feeling super and have lots of stuff to work through adding booze to the mix will make me feel shittier and then my favorite friend "shame" will show up.  So then I'll have unresolved life issues increased depression and anxiety money problems and to top it all off I'll be drowning in shame.  And then I try to summon those feelings to remind myself that they're real and all I have to do is not drink today.  ..Up until recently I'll admit I was all "la la la la just don't drink today whatevs".  But it's been a damn useful tool lately!  ..And you know you will ride out this thought pattern/urge.  Give your mind something else to focus on.  I've been hitting the gym lately to poop myself out.  ..Plus....100 days in 3 sleeps and a wake-up!!  Colorado hugs!
Sustained time sober made a lot of this sort of thinking recede for me.
I was definitely considered functional. I could feed myself pay my bills (most of the time) bathe and go to work. If that's functional then I have no idea what I am now. My life is so much richer now in sobriety its crazy that I thought I was "living" in that haze of booze. Welcome to sobriety my friend. 
If I had 97 days then let that poison trick me again then had to reset me badge I'd be gutted ignore the thoughts good luck.
[deleted]
You can keep digging and denial will still be suggesting places to rent backhoes.  ..Thing is it does not have to be this hard.   Too much time in your own head I suspect.   That was my problem in the beginning...
Some clinicians argue that protecting an addict from the consequences of their use is enabling. ..
I'm going to piggy back on Nika65's thought about thoughts. When I have them with or without craving i like to logically follow the thought thru.     ..My thoughts (and I think many others) pretty much stop at the purchase open tilt drink and feeling as it hits bloodstream few mins later. Yeah there's the hazy recollection of *maybe* there'll be consequences but meh want my fix. Well I logically follow thru that first second third sip hell glass and bottles.      ..I remember how the room spins. I cant follow the tv show plotline. I reread this page a dozen times. I'll be physically nauseous and want to stop but pour more gas on the fire. The past drunk talks with wife which were me gibbering like an idiot and defensiveness turns to inane blame gaming damaging our bond and her trust. The difficulty of overthinking how and where I'm hiding empties. Will I blackout like that last time and wake up with odd bruises or another dislocated finger and realize how scary it is to lose 6 hours of waking memory? Remember that time we passed out on the porch after sticking finger down throat to hurl into bushes and literally waking up in a bile puddle freezing to death? Aspiration risk is the best. And who can forget the hangovers? Headaches to ward off the strongest aspirin. The complete zombification of self recovering from the blender of a bender = employee of the month.  .Great times "thoughts." We should def do it again because it's worked out so well previously.  
