-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x6a1t/husband_says_im_not_an_alcoholic/

So eleven days ago I admitted I was an alcoholic and decided to try and quit drinking. I got pretty sick while I was drying out. Not hospital worthy but I vomited all day and shook pretty hard and had crippling anxiety so it was no joke... After six days I talked myself into thinking I was not an alcoholic and I relapsed and drank for a night. (I got pretty drunk too.) The detox was less bad but I still vomited a bunch and shook slightly (and still terrible anxiety). I started going to AA and found it pretty helpful. ..Anyway my step-daughter is coming to visit for Christmas and I mentioned to my husband that it might be a good idea  NOT to mention to her that I'm an alcoholic or talk about AA. He replied "Oh yeah. I won't say anything even though I don't consider you an alcoholic." And I replied "Even when I told you how much and how often I was drinking?" and he said "Yeah well you always go on kicks of things. You use to smoke weed all the time and then randomly quit one day when you got sick of it but still can smoke once and a while. You used to smoke cigarettes for five years and then got tired of it and quit but can still have one once and a while. You used to obsessively exercise and then eventually scaled it back to normal levels. You've gone on heavier drinking kicks but you always lose interest after a while and scale it way back and you've never done anything dumb like get a DUI or get alcohol poisoning or pick a fight." ..And all of this is true. Still normal people don't drink until they get DT's or wake up after a bender feeling extreme vomiting and anxiety. Normal people don't feel compelled to go to AA. Normal people don't feel so bad about their drinking that they break down into tears and tell their spouse they are an alcoholic. Normal people don't hide extra liquor in their garages. ..I feel like I'm rambling. It's just hard because I have a hard enough time reminding  myself I have a serious problem without a second voice being added to the mix telling me that I'm not an alcoholic. My husband supports and is behind me quitting right now because he does recognize I have a problem but he still feels like once I back off for a while and get myself sorted out that I can go back to drinking normally like I did before or like I have after past periods of heavy drinking. I don't know why but this feels different to me than other "kicks" I've gone on in the past. This feels serious but he doesn't seem to think so. ..Any way thanks for letting me get that off my chest. Advice or comments are really appreciated even though I didn't ask a direct question.  ..EDIT: PS he isn't projecting because he drinks too much. He hardly drinks anything at all.
----------immediate responses--------

Hate shit like that. Someone once told me after my first detox 5 day stay it was a waste because "look I know alcoholics you aren't an alcoholic"..Man I binged for months at a time for years drinking either a fifth of vodka to a half gallon a day. I withdrew hard as hell. I didn't tell him all the details  and I have no idea what he considered an alcoholic to be...But I was definitely one because I felt like one
The label of the behavior is not as important as the recognition and willingness to change that behavior.  ..Whether or not you identify as an alcoholic or if it's recognized by others is moot the fact that you recognize that alcohol is causing problems in your life signals the motivation to make changes...You can do it.
I've been through something similar to this. I'm not sure my significant other was totally on board with me when I first told him that I am an alcoholic. I think the label can be hard for many people. He was definitely skeptical and thought I might be overreacting. If you were to ask him now if he thought I should start drinking the answer would be a firm no. It has taken time and like a thousand conversations about recovery but he can see how much happier I am without alcohol.
What's in a name? I don't consider myself an alcoholic because I find global labels like that to be unproductive. It doesn't mean I'm going to go out and be able to drink normally ever again though. It doesn't mean I don't have to stay stopped. Something something pickles cucumbers...
We might be married to twins. Pretty much the same for me minus the physical withdrawals which of course was further proof I am not an alcoholic. ..It bugged me for a long while. I was hurt because he didn't believe me.  I was disappointed I wouldn't be getting support from him in the manner I thought I needed. I felt even more alone and that made me angry. But I kept quitting because I realized it was a journey I still had to make even without him. Eventually I think I just came to accept that he *can't* understand it and that's when I let go of all my expectations. It would have been nice to have more than token support but now I'm just glad he'll never have to see me **prove** I'm an alcoholic. I'll just share that delusion with you wonderful folk instead. Much love sister. 
[removed]
I really relate to this. I'm a person of extremes. Whenever I do anything it is entirely without moderation. It's my greatest strength and my greatest weakness. From what I've seen many alcoholics share this trait. Nothing is ever done half assed. 
That's tough to deal with. The bottom line is that I don't want to drink anymore. As long as that boundary is respected people can think whatever they want. An AA line that drives me crazy sometimes but is kinda helpful is "what other people think about me is none of my business."  
I don't think that I blame him for his attitude. He seems to have a solid line of reasoning from his perspective...That said I don't believe non-alcoholics can understand alcoholics. For example I've never smoked cigarettes I never *WANTED* to I find them disgusting and wasteful and all around just DUMB. I cannot for the life of me fathom why someone would have trouble quitting. But I understand that trying to quit it is a common enough problem (that millions of people have) that I can recognize it is a behavior people should quit but the *addiction* part of smoking makes no sense to me...And I'm a fucking alcoholic so you would think I would understand something about that. But I just can't put myself far enough in a smoker's shoes to understand the problem. I think non-alcoholics view us the same a lot of the time.  
Alcoholic is such a loaded term. One doesn't have to be an alcoholic to decide not to drink. I decided not to drink. I decided to be a non-drinker. A label like alcoholic or not isn't going to affect that decision.
I don't tend to use the alcoholic label for me what matters is that I don't drink ever again. ..Before I stopped drinking my husband was at his wit's end he felt utterly helpless against my drinking problem. He used the terms "alcoholic" and "intervention" on a few occasions that I recall (and likely some that I don't). He saw me at my worst he saw the hidden bottles he dealt with me peeing myself etc...He supports my sobriety and became more supportive when time showed him my commitment to this and revealed positive changes in my way of being. Yet he also doesn't understand why I couldn't just rein it in and moderate and has said would still support me if I went back to drinking provided I didn't let it get out of control. I've explained that if I were to return to drinking I would return to being out of control therefore it's imperative that I don't and he has listened and supports that. At the end of the day my not drinking is down to me.
My wife says EXACTLY the same thing!  And also she doesn't drink too much herself.  "You don't have a drinking problem you just get really into whatever you like - music books whatever."   I don't mind this at all.  I'm glad she can't totally understand where I'm coming from in that regard.
"Normal people don't hide extra liquor in their garages." Love that comment. That's the part I would rationalize in my brain. Completely crazy when you think about it. 
Ultimately it's about how alcohol affects you. To me my drinking was a problem. My family didn't notice but I did. I felt it. Sounds like you might feel it too. 
I don't want to read through all the responses currently so maybe this has been said. But sometimes the people closest to us don't want to see that we have a problem (for whatever reason it could scare them they could be worried we might change once we get help or sometimes they just CANT see it they are too close to the problem to see that it is a problem). ..However if you recognize in yourself a behavior that you want and need to change it does not matter how anyone else perceives it. It only matters that you WANT to get help for it. So stay strong. Stay your course. 
