-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3x8hsd/day_10_post_relapse/

I missed posting yesterday but I made it to an AA meeting   It was a book reading group so there were a lot of people there with many years of sobriety. I had a difficult time relating but I was the very last person asked to share. I didn't want to but there were a couple of people there in early sobriety so I spoke up and told my most current story of relapsing with the hope those people would hear an alternate version of a sobriety journey other than of those who seem to have their lives of sober under control. ..I also saw my GP last night and opened up to him. He was attentive and compassionate and told me recognized the signs of what led me to pick up the first drink. He said it's going to be a lot of effort on my part again but it's something I've done before and said he would do whatever he can to help me get well again. He said the one-on-one counselling will be beneficial since a lot of my recovery from here on in will be primarily psychological. ..This morning I went for blood work on Dr's orders and went to another noon AA meeting. The topic was "change" and a lot of good things were said. Change is an odd thing because by its nature change changes and I have to learn how to deal with the change I can control and deal with the change I can not control. Either way I got a lot out of the meeting. ..I'm still dealing with the alcohol withdrawal. My Dr even recognized that and ordered me off work for another week. I find I can barely get through the day as it is let alone get though a day filled with work obligations. ..I went to the gym yesterday and I'm sore as hell today. I hope I can maintain a decent exercise plan because a healthy mind requires a healthy body. I'm thankful to have a work out buddy who is well acquainted with workout routines. ..I hope my blood work falls under normal parameters and I just have to deal with the mental turmoil that I'm still going through. ..I'm not a religious man though I was raised in the Roman Catholic tradition and I live next to a church so I think I'm going to go in the building and have a conversation with the energy in the room. If for nothing else it will give me something to do. ..I'm still meditating on admitting I'm an alcoholic and accepting I'm an alcoholic with the hope that some clarity will eventually become clear. ..I need all the help I can get. I need to let go of judgement. ..Thanks again for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this /u/introitus -- I did.
&gt; with the hope that some clarity will eventually become clear...How many days sober did you have before the relapse? For me the clarity keeps improving. My view on alcohol had some major changes at around 300 450 and 500 days. Those kindof breakthrough thoughts...&gt;I need all the help I can get. I need to let go of judgement...This is true. I think places like stopdrinking and AA(or similar) can give this kindof help and non-judgement. Outside with friends and family can be navigating a minefield. They love you and they want to help but sometimes they say stuff that will mess you up that's not very helpful and can appear as judgmental. That's been my experience.
&gt;I'm still meditating on admitting I'm an alcoholic and accepting I'm an alcoholic with the hope that some clarity will eventually become clear...I try not to get caught up with labels. I know for certain that when I drink things get very bad very quickly; therefore I do not drink. It doesn't have to be more complicated than that.
