-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xj9xp/do_you_ever/

Do you ever feel heavy with regret? For me there is my true self artistic kind loving. Then there is this version of me that is what a lot of people know of me the alcoholic me the one that is selfish obsessive embarrassing promiscuous unmotivated. Although many people probably have no idea I have struggled with alcohol for nearly a decade. Some people may know I like to get drunk but they didn't know the depths of it. They don't know that the "memories" they like to share with me actually really hurt because I regret so many things I did. Needing a beer just to accept the day in the morning. Drinking at lunch breaks drinking and bailing on important plans. Being drunk all the time. Being a girl that slept with any guy that even tried and acted to be so sexual and open. Allowing men to do as they please. Memories I'll have of these moments and I can't do anything but cry for that girl I was.  ..Through my sobriety I notice the divide of these two women more and more which makes me happy but it also causes me to feel much more regret when I think of the alcoholic me. I'm not that girl. I know that each day away from alcohol pushes me further and further away from my past but today is one of those days where it's just been on my mind all day. I don't have a very local support community and generally like to do my own thing the few friends I do have left since deciding to be sober don't really get it. I'm starting to feel they aren't really friends too and will fizzle away into my past....Just some thoughts I needed to share get off my chest. Maybe be able to hear someone say I'm not the only one. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are definitely not the only one...   I feel a lot of regret for all the wasted years too. What has helped me come to terms with it is focusing on the present and all the potential that comes with not drinking...   I (hopefully!) have years ahead of me - years of feeling gratitude for the beauty all around me of waking up and jumping out of bed without a hangover years of *real* emotions and relationships.  I'm not going to waste any of that time by feeling bad about something I can not change. ..Honestly there are shitty times but they pass (and have become less frequent with more time sober for me).
No you're not the only one. I've felt the divide between the drunk me who's happy to not care and just go with whatever happens and the sober me who's looking beyond that and sees what I can be and do. And carrying and trying to shed the load being the asshole I was...Your most vocal and vital support community is you. You'll change. Your life will change. Your friendships will change. I'm hoping those changes have had had a positive even in the past seven weeks of sobriety (which is amazing). My best wishes and hopes you'll stay on your  path wherever it takes you.
oh yep. one time while absolutely hammered I kicked a guy in the taxi in the head. he was in the front seat I was in the back. sigh. my now boyfriend (then just good friend) looooves bringing that one up. These days I respond with just the truth "I was in a dark and desperately unhappy place." "unhappy? we'd gone to a comedy club that night. we had a great time." "a happy day doesn't necessarily permeate through love sometimes its possible to have a good day but yet still be desperately lonely angry and unhappy." and thats the end of it. ..I'm not proud of the things I did. I wish like hell I could apologize to that guy. But I can't. I don't beat myself up about it anymore. I'm not that girl anymore. I've made my peace with it and while I'm no less ashamed of the moment I no longer cringe when its brought up. if anything its a reminder that I'm not going back to who I was.
I've done a lot of things I regret. I'm lucky that in my drinking career nothing that happened really caused lasting damage except for possibly driving one friend away but I've still done stupid and embarrassing things: angry emotional rants to friends and family; losing my temper over nothing at a close family member getting myself into potentially awful situations while in a blackout shameless flirting with potential love interests exes whoever would pay attention etc....This is why I disagree when I hear people say that alcohol reveals your inner self. I think you can be the nicest person and it will in no way affect how you behave while drunk. That's what makes it such a dangerous and shitty drug. 
Every time I don't drink and avoid those regretful things validates that I am doing the right thing.  
Yes I relate. I felt this very strongly during the first few months of abstinence. Hang in there. One of the great joys of this process for me has been reconnecting with a version of myself that I had forgotten I ever believed in. You can have the same experience but it does take some slow and painful time. Talking/writing helps. :)..I am periodically overwhelmed with compassion/pity/frustration/disappointment for my past actions. While I was still drinking my experience was skewed more towards regret and shame. Now that I know I'm working on being better the compassion is more frequent. Still hurts though. Not sure I'll ever understand why I damaged myself so passionately. But time goes on and it gets better (for many of us). ..&gt; Through my sobriety I notice the divide of these two women more and more which makes me happy but it also causes me to feel much more regret when I think of the alcoholic me...Spot on. It's so strange. I've had to cycle through a series of thoughts and feelings about alcoholic me. But I never have to be like that again whatever else happens. Sending good wishes to you. &lt;3
