-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xkkwf/reaching_out_to_avoid_a_relapse_today/

Suffering. About 5 months into sobriety the furthest I've ever gone. .Have crippling back ache has lasted for about 3 weeks unable to exercise - my go to soother. .This afternoon have a party in my house with my SO friends who will all be drinking wine I want to join them so bad. I don't feel I can be a happy host or even pleasant without it. I don't want them to come here. I don't want them to be able to enjoy themselves when all I want to do is be left alone. I feel like it's an intrusion. Feeling such a depression fall over me and I know an easy way to lift it. .Self-aware enough to know that these thoughts are ridiculous and the addict justifying action but to day I just feel so hopeless - could do with some support...Thanks in advance...EDIT - Thanks for all the advice here. As is common the idea was much worse than the reality - as soon as people arrived I felt a little better and the company actually did me good not many people drank either which I think helped. Made it through but the wider problem now is why I am fearing and dreading these interactions. I really want to avoid people at the moment and I know that isn't good because I don't need people to drink and if I don't need people I can drink...When the guests left my SO told me that it was clear I'd been annoyed with some of the guests at a certain point where I didn't even feel annoyed in the slightest - but that it was etched on my face. I'm feeling really lonely at the moment as though I have to be perfect I put a lot of pressure on myself and I think it's biting me a bit now I can't bear to let people down or be a burden. If anyone has any exercises or things I can do to help relax and take things less seriously please help me by posting below. At the moment I'm just hoping for bedtime to hurry up daily so I don't have to think anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

Can you cancel the party? Maybe show your SO what you posted here. I don't put myself into situations that endanger my sobriety. My life is more important than potentially "offending" people.
Don't have the party if you're unwell? I'd be terrible company if I was in pain and wouldn't dream of hosting anything.
I just relapsed. It was not worth it... You don't have to drink today. You reached out here it means you have something to lose. I lost something when I drank. Slowly starting to build it again. 
Here's what I would do: make a [Ulysses Bargain with my rational self](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3il4y0/the_ulysses_bargain_how_i_get_past_cravings_and/?ref=search_posts)  right now that I am not going to drink TODAY.  
Can you get out go to a movie?..Can your SO relocate the event?..If not find another room a book a tv a laptop - make no apologies just say you are not fit company....
I know how much pressure we put on ourselves  especially during the holidays. I want to tell you that I feel for you. ..If you can't somehow postpone put off or skip this one let me tell you what I would do... ..First (as long as it's not contraindicated for you) I'd make sure I had some Aleve on hand. I find it's the best for back aches for me. Plus I'm *supposed* to eat with it. And I'm *not supposed* to drink with it. Otherwise it can cause stomach upset (or even damage). ..So now for anyone I'm not close with who doesn't know I no longer drink I have a ready excuse to turn them down. ..And maybe I decide even last minute to fix a special food treat that I don't normally allow myself. So I take my Aleve enjoy my treat and maybe it's not so bad. ..And finally even though you can't exercise as normal maybe after taking the Aleve you could try a 20 minute easy walk. ..Best to you .Punnyboy 
Support is right here all day if you need it. :)
Don't over think it. It's stressful hosting guests and the holidays are as well and I'm sure your guests appreciated your hosting You did fine. You didn't drink. Good job!
