-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xn5o8/its_confirmed_drinking_sucks/

Went 24 days sober relapsed.  Didn't like it then 21 days sober.  I had been thinking about moderating to help take the edge off the evenings.  So I relapsed again...Turns out it's still not worth it.  I put down about 8-9 drinks over the span of 3 hours both Friday and Saturday night and stopped there.  I never felt any fun from it or even any sort of good buzz.  I can feel my sleep is already worse.  Saturday I felt like I had a damn cold from all the hangover congestion and had to take two ibuprofens from the hangover even though I hydrated well the previous night and just felt bloated...On top of that there's a relative who doesn't know about the drinking and she was saying "you look different" and figured it out that I lost weight.  All I did was a lot of sobriety the past couple of months...I've often been a little suspicious in this sub that a lot of us are in denial about drinking not being great but I'm just not finding the enjoyment in it.  I don't know what's changed... something in my brain?  My attitude?  Tolerance?  I don't know.  Alcohol just makes me feel like crap...I'm gonna finish out the last bits of the box wine tonight for a one-day taper tonight then go alcohol free.  Looking forward to a sober Christmas and feeling refreshed and awake while the kid opens the presents.
----------immediate responses--------

I had to train my mind to not associate alcohol with the drunken euphoria but instead associate it with misery. I reckon you unconsciously did the same...My wife and I planned to get pregnant this year so I guess I've been mentally getting ready for the quit leading up to the pregnancy. It's crazy I needed to get my wife pregnant to kick the bottle but that's why it's a disease...
Interesting post.  .&gt;I'm gonna finish out the last bits of the box wine  ..I'm just curious why you would drink more wine if you know it makes you feel bad.
Alcohol holds nothing for me except poison pain and misery.  
I don't know about anyone else but I'm certainly not in denial about alcohol being a bad choice for me.  It has lead to and amplified so much misery in my life and it's hell for me to let it go.  I don't have fun when I drink.  In my distant past I have had some good times while drinking but it was when I was still able to moderate and wasn't getting shitfaced and making poor choices.. I'm not delusional--I know that I will never be able to do that again.
Yeah alcohol is definitely garbage. I've found several things happen if I don't drink for a month: 1) My face doesn't look puffy. 2) I have way more energy so I'm more productive. 3) It's easier for me to avoid shitty food. 4) My general outlook is more positive. 5) I don't post spoilers for popular movies. (just kidding)
The last year before quitting was me drinking one last bottle or finishing off the other bottles I found around the house. I hated what it was doing to me but I I couldn't wrap my dehydrated brain around stopping. Fuck. I do not miss that vicious fucking cycle. .Sounds like the time you put together did you some good excited to see what the sober future holds for you!
&gt; I don't know what's changed... something in my brain? My attitude? Tolerance? I don't know. Alcohol just makes me feel like crap...Good for you for coming back. My initial alcohol restriction earlier this year was in support of someone else and not meant to be permanent...For me it was pretty evident in less than a couple of weeks with no alcohol in my system that I just plain felt better in so many ways...And even so I decided to start drinking again. And it took me about 5 months to convince myself that this stupid habit was causing me much more discomfort than pleasure. And while I still have urges and cravings I am so far able to remember that I tried drinking and determined through my own experience that I didn't like it. Why go through that again?
Please post here sober or if you posted sober please do not discuss how you are going to be drinking the night you posted this. We are not in denial of drinking not being great. We have found out that it is not great for us. Us being the operative word. Those out there who enjoy it and can moderate it all the best for them. Us we cannot so it is not great to us. I hope all the best for you. Thanks for sharing. 
The scales have dropped from your eyes.  It was never any good; social norms just say otherwise.
Going out with box wine. Well I went out with a really shitty brand of beer that I don't even remember what it was called. I was always thinking "well I'm just taking a break from alcohol...I can't let this shitty beer be my last beer of my life." And well it was. The thing is all alcohol is shitty. Doesn't matter how expensive it is...all of it sucks.
&gt;i'm just not finding the enjoyment in it. I don't know what's changed... something in my brain?      ..Yes. The last 3 months that Ive been serious about wanting to quit then finally serious about trying have been very introspective for me. Deeply considering alcohol and it's effects on relationships behavior and future consequences made me question everything about it.including why i drank "enjoyment" derived and whatever benefits I felt there were and I came up with a big fat zero.     .Do I still want to? Yes. But now it's not want vs shouldn't. It's want vs shouldn't and a host of guilt anxiety loathing fear and remorse feelings that come before I could even touch the stuff.
"but I'm just not finding the enjoyment in it. I don't know what's changed... something in my brain?"..This has been something I have been realizing over this past year. I've been going a couple months at a time without drinking then drinking again. It's not worth it anymore. I've been basically binge drinking for the past 5 years this year has been by far the least amount I've had in a years period. I can see and feel the differences it's making...I got extremely drunk about a week ago after not drinking for ~3 weeks. Woke up and something completely flipped something that had definitely been in the works this whole year. I have no desire to drink anymore. I don't care if I miss out on epic nights get laid less whatever. The positives I get from being sober are much more important to me than the nights drinking (by myself or with others)...I've had enough fun with alcohol I don't need it anymore...Maybe someday I'll have a drink again but it's not today it's not tomorrow it's not the rest of this year and I'm thinking it won't be any day next year.
I've heard many folks at meetings say that one day the booze just didn't work for them anymore. It wasn't fun anymore. I know that is my experience too and it seemed to change very gradually so that the transition from jovial happy hour to daily chore was completely impercptible from my vantage point at the helm. Thank you for coming back here after your attempt to moderate and telling us all that there is still nothing good in the drinking world. Amazingly I have to hear this every day to keep myself from trying it out for myself even though I know logically that I don't want to go back. Happy to have read your post and glad you're gonna go dry again. 
I can definitely relate to it not being fun anymore. When I decided it was time for me to stop drinking it was July and from July through October I would go the majority of the months (about 20 days in a row) not drinking then would be like oh I'm good then I would drink for a week straight. I repeated that until the last time I drank which was 54 days ago and it just wasn't fun there was no appeal I was about to go on a binger and just decided no why. I just feel like crap now accomplish nothing. Congrats to you for sticking to it and continuing to try and not letting the relapse get to you because I know how hard it is to just pick yourself back up and keep on keeping on. ..P.S. I too went out on boxed wine hah 
I had some difficulty starting my sober engine too with several relapses over a few month period. I think I had similar reservations - but alcohol is actually fun and we're all just doing this begrudgingly right?! Yet after my first attempt at sobriety I couldn't get to that 'fun' level again. It was like I peeked at the man behind the curtain and saw how shitty it was compared to sobriety and wasn't able to fall into a deluded enough sense of mind to 'enjoy' it again. 
I remember a day several years ago where I just kept having the same thought - "It's not funny anymore." And ever since then I've known just known that if I drink it's not gonna be worth it...Of course I've fucked it up repeatedly since then. But it's a hard switch to find let alone hit. So you got this far. You managed to find it. Some people never do.
This sub is AWESOME! So much what Im thinking right up there on the page!  Congrats on slaying the wobbly dragon man!
Yep I agree it does suck.  ..Please be aware that multiple relapses and binge drinking can lead to a condition called Kindling: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative-hypnotic_withdrawal)..Enjoy your sober Christmas.
It was fun for me when I was young in college. It was new. Going to see bands and girls. It's no longer fun when my wife asks for a divorce and my 15 year old has to hide my keys. 
"my brain my attitude tolerance? I don't know. Alcohol just makes me feel like crap". Honestly its probably a combination of those things. I know for me the big thing I started to notice is my tolerance went up a lot over a short period of time and after that happened I started to experience withdrawal. So now if I drink I have to drink a lot to feel it followed by no control and then withdrawal when I stop so It is not fun at all for me. On top of that I know I should not drink and realize how much I have been enjoying sobriety and feel my attitude and mindset have changed about drinking. So for me I would say yes to all of those reasons you listed that drinking is no longer fun anymore. I believe your answer is a combination of those reasons as well. 
