-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xpwjb/reset_again_today_help_me_keep_from_slipping_again/

The holidays have been kicking my ass guys.  I've been slipping up and having a glass or two of wine several nights a week since Thanksgiving (on the bright side it's been with other people and not in excess but I don't think I'll be able to moderate my amounts forever).  I went about 40 days and relapsed and now I'm just trying to take this one day at a time.  I've only gone about a full week since my relapse.  I'm wanting to live my life to the fullest starting today and going into this new year but alcohol keeps dragging me down!..Any tips ideas suggestions?  I haven't gone to AA meetings should I give those a try?  I'm very nervous to go (as I know everyone always is) especially since I'm not religious but I am ready for some real change...Thank you so much for reading you guys are all wonderful.  <3
----------immediate responses--------

I would just continue to try different things until I found something that works. I think it's wonderful to pick yourself up after you have fallen.
I'm an atheist and going to AA has been great for me.   
I'd at least go to an AA meeting and check it out as a next step in your recovery.  I fully understand it's not for everybody (I myself go infrequently) but it could be a good thing to have in your arsenal.  You don't need to be religious; I find that the spiritual aspect is a tool for getting outside one's own head.
A common demoninator that I have seen over the years with people who frequently relapse is that they keep trying the same old thing over and over with virtually no changes.  They say..."well this time will be different because I will TRY harder."  ..If sobriety and recovery were about simply trying harder there would be a lot more recovered alcoholics in the world.  Personally the people I see who are successful keep an open mind and try different things.  You mentioned going to AA meetings.  That is a wonderful sign that you are maybe considering something different.  What is the risk to you of going to a meeting or two?  You lose an hour of your time?  What is the possible benefit?  You gain a lifetime of happiness and sobriety?
I am agnostic and went to my first AA meeting last night.  I live in the south where religion is --well.. mandatory for most people.. ..Anyway that said the group of folks I met last night were not trying to push any sort of religion or agenda on me.  The only time god came up was during the serenity prayer and at the end they do the lords prayer.  If you don't want to participate then don't pray....It might be easy for me to say that because I'm constantly surrounded by people that pray.  I have never had a problem with people calling out my lack of religion. Ever...I hope you find a way that works for you we can do this.
There's only 1 AA were I live right on the other side of town lateish at night ive no transport I mentioned this to someone and it turns out there's a different addictions group going on right under my nose iam going after xmas as iam not struggling at the moment. 
Don't give up!..I'm an agnostic. In my experience people in AA have a pretty wide-range of beliefs/non-beliefs (the big book uses the term "broad highway" to describe the spiritual side of it). I haven't experienced much religious fervor in any of the hundreds of meetings I've attended...Yes the word "God" appears a lot like it does in a lot of aspects of society (US currency the end of any politician's speech).  There are agnostic meetings in most areas as well.  
Don't worry about religion.  The tensest question you are likely to encounter is whether abstinence is required or whether moderation is sufficient.  My brief experiences with AA so far have been all good.
