-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xrdpz/trying_to_make_it_through_another_day/

The cravings are hitting me hard tonight. I'm on vacation from work. Trying to keep busy but it's been hounding me all day (and for the past several weeks). Also got some tragic news today that I won't get into here out of respect for those involved. ..The cravings have been steadily wearing me down for weeks. Maybe I'm just not ready for sobriety. Maybe I'm not strong enough. The craving is so overpowering and life is so grey and empty at the moment that I'm having a difficult time seeing the point of keeping up the struggle...I almost wish I had a reason some strong motivation not to drink - for example a wife that was threatening to leave me or kids that I was responsible for. But it's just me. And I don't like myself much. Right now I'm desperate to get some relief from the constant and relentless pressure in my mind telling me to drink. It just won't shut up...
----------immediate responses--------

hi! i've only checked off two days so far but i see your 161 days and feel so inspired by your achievement. to me that says you've been to this place before and have beaten it then and have it in you to do it again. i say that because i feel like you do now. knowing that you're the one in control helps and i wish you luck.
I know how you feel. Cravings seem to be bad this week with all the holiday stress.  I'm going to a meeting in a few minutes. Need all of the sobriety tools for the next 2 weeks. So I'm with you buddy lets do this!
Well done on your brilliant 161 days hope I can achieve that and really your accountable to us lot lol I seeing a few on here lately falling off the wagon hopefully you will not be 1 of them. 
Cravings are short-term emotions. They fade pretty quickly if we can avoid "feeding" them by dwelling or focusing on them. Distraction really helps me-get my hands busy cleaning play a game. I rely on substitution and pop a LA Croix or soda. 
I would have gone crazy with cravings had I not had the support of a therapist and AA meetings. Maybe you need more support. 
[deleted]
161 days is great hope I can get there at some point.  Drinking has never been worth it for me when I do it.
I feel for you cravings can be tough.  Sometimes I had to narrow my one day at a time down to one hour then one minute and then **just this present moment**.  I'd acknowledge the craving for what it is and let it pass.  It's something I'd never done before and I found out a craving can pass unfulfilled.  Best of luck and great job on 161 days!
&gt;almost wish I had a reason some strong motivation not to drink.     ..I'm married and have kids. Possibility of losing them made me get serious but didnt "motivate" me not to drink way I did unfortunately. Not drinking is still all on me. If a craving gets bad enough they fall to distant memory and it's just me fighting me. Addiction sucks. You made it near half a year all on yourself hang in there you can do it 
