-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xu2zb/i_have_a_personality/

I was having dinner with my best friend/roommate over the weekend and he commented on how since I've not been drinking he's noticed my personality/wit coming through a bit more. This was certainly nice to hear but at the same time a bit surprising as I hadn't really noticed it myself. I've struggled for a long time with poor self image and low self esteem which goes back to being teased and picked on in school. I was a quiet kid who made good grades but still felt like I was rejected by a majority of my peers...When I met new people in high school and college drinking helped me to get outside of myself more and behave in a way that seemed to make people more comfortable with me. At the same time however I knew that even though drinking made it less stressful for me to go out to bars and talk to random people that I wasn't making many genuine connections that way. I would find ways to talk about anything with anyone but I never felt like it meant anything to either one of us the next day...I did this for so long that I feel like I lost a sense of who I really am and what I care about. Friends will sometimes debate politics or talk about movies they've seen and I feel left out of the discussion sometimes because I don't know myself well enough to express an opinion that means anything to me. One thing I still do love to talk about is music and I do have strong opinions and enough knowledge to carry on meaningful discussions in that area...Maybe I really just don't care that much about the death penalty or health care reform and maybe that's OK? I can't be the only one who walks out of a movie theater without having noticed the stunning cinematography or having been impressed by the dialog in a particular scene right? I think I'm doing well enough so far and I'm trying to focus on just being comfortable in my own skin without having to drink to do so.
----------immediate responses--------

Your words resonate really well with who I am...If you drink that's all you do. You can't have any personality because every resource you have you spend on drinking (not just money and time and health but also your mental capabilities drive logic emotions everything). ..If you're sober this large wolf of a beast is finally gone and you can start improving yourself in all other aspects of life. ..I'm a film freak so I can talk about those a lot even when I'm a drunkard but I've also started screenwriting seriously when I got sober the first time a month ago. This is something I wouldn't have done when I was drinking and I feel it has opened up a new portal so to speak about having a better personality as well...Stay strong!
Sometimes I feel like I'm intellectually lazy because I don't have enough knowledge to talk about that much of politics or stuff like that. But then again perhaps everyone doesn't need have an opinion on everything. Maybe that's OK like you said.
This is terrific /u/r3slide -- when I talk about early sobriety I promise that the whole point of this journey is to get to our full potential and authentic self.  You sound like you're beginning to feel the edges of this.
I know what you mean. I remember discovering alcohol in college feeling like it was the best tool I had against social anxiety. It was such a relief to be able to converse at all that it was only later I realized that all the "friends" I made when I was drunk I never spoke to when sober. 
This is exactly how I feel and I hope I get to this point. I'm only a couple weeks in and I'm getting glimpses of the real me. And for that reason I will not drink today. .Great job and good insight!
Wow can I ever relate to this. Yes with abstinence I've noticed myself having more complex opinions. I did plenty of talking when I drank but my quiet critical thought really went out the window. When it began to come back I was confused at first but then relieved...Sounds like a good development for you. Congratulations! It's so helpful when others notice things for us like that.
