-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3y2ruw/life_pro_tip_sober_holiday_edition/

Struggling with a last minute gift idea? Don't go near that liquor store. A nice bottle of olive oil and/or balsamic vinegar makes a great gift and is around the same price. And whomever you are buying the present for will be grateful that they didn't get another bottle of wine. Unless they're an alcoholic. In which case stop entertaining the idea of buying booze for an alcoholic...Merry Christmas ya filthy animals.
----------immediate responses--------

Love this! And I adore getting fancy kitchens stuff. Great idea!
I heartily endorse this excellent suggestion.  
My mom loves candles  so I make a trip too Yankee Candle every year (theirs always a buy 2 get 2 coupon for the holidays) and the rest of my family gets my son's schools pictures in fancy frames or ornaments. I have absolutely no reason to go too the liquor store.  I love it
Now thats an awesome post!
Yes! I actually just did exactly this for a friend. Paired it with those spices that you put in oil to dip bread into. Added a bow around the two and bam!
[deleted]
Great idea!!
Excellent tip!! I have a last minute gift to get for my neighbor.  This is perfect.  Thank you
As an avid baker/cook/former Boozy Suzy this makes me happy! I absolutely love getting kitchen supplies/ingredients as a gift. Christmas or not. I believe it's way more thoughtful than a bottle of wine. Much more personal. Kudos on this post!
Great idea!
Great idea!
I still buy a bottle of scotch for my grandfather every Christmas and birthday.  I kind of find it helpful because it reminds me of how much money I used to flush down the drain at the LCBO and how much I used to freak out at the holidays making sure I was stocked up on booze before the stores closed for *two whole days*.  ..(This is not a suggestion to go to the liquor store.  If the liquor store makes you uncomfortable or feel tempted DO NOT GO!)
This is an excellent idea! A few times I thought about going to the liquor store and buying wine for people because that is what I used to do. But I really don't belong in any liquor store. And I'm not in any position to be gifting lose to anyone! Not at this point anyways. So I found some beautiful fair trade organic olive oil that I've been gifting to people. It's absolutely delicious
I love that idea thanks!
I would absolutely LOVE that gift! Nice suggestion! 
