-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3y6pme/how_to_make_a_poll_on_when_did_it_get_easier/

Merry Christmas Everybody ... just curious if there's a way to start a poll?  Would love to hear people's answer to the following:..When Did It Get Easier?..Just curious for people who are well down the road of sobriety at what point did it start to feel like 2nd nature or was noticeably easier as compared to the constant thinking about it and the constant cravings be they mental or emotional etc...  I am curious because I am 11 months in tomorrow and it is still quite a struggle ...
----------immediate responses--------

Well for me it got easier in increments.  After week 4 my emotional roller coaster got less hairy and that has generally kept getting better. As for wanting to drink still...at about 9 or 10 months I flirted with disaster and since coming to my senses I feel stallwart...I think it's different for everyone because we all have to work on those parts of ourselves our lives the stuff that keeps us from fully functioning and fully becoming. Everyone's work is unique so everyone is working at their own pace. Maybe it would help to talk about it more? I'm all ears.
There was a significant shift for me after four months in. I'd just got through the festive period sober and with that I came to trust that I could do sober. I chose to put down my aspirations to moderate one day and accepted that sobriety was not only necessary for me to enjoy a reasonable quality of life I also quite enjoyed life sober. I set about building things into my life that support me including exercise. With the acceptance things got easier for me: I no longer felt like I was holding on but that I was home I was where I needed to be.
I would say it got noticeably easier for me each month. The more I focused on doing new things I enjoyed rather than just trying to not drink the more enjoyable life became.
The first week was the worst part...but it didn't get "Easy" until I really focused on my recovery vs. my sobriety...Simply not drinking was the first step...once I got my head clear I was able to focus on WHY I drank...what was driving that behavior. Once I addressed the root cause the rest became easy...Your mileage may vary..
For me it gets easier every time I discover that I can do something I have never done before. ..At one week sober I was able to sleep through the night. At two months I went to my first AA meeting. At eight months I went on my first sober vacation.  At nine months I stood up in front of 40 or so people for the first time and told my story (was nervous as hell about that one). ..These days I know what to do when I my brain has stupid drinking related thoughts. That doesn't mean that I always do what I should right away but I try. Talking to other recovering alcoholics definitely helps.
When I stopped overthinking. 
It never got easier. I look at this struggle like lifting weights. My weight never got lighter not ever not by a single ounce. It never got easier...What changed is that I got stronger. ..I listened I learned I worked and now that weight might SEEM lighter but I know it isn't. It's still the same condition it was when I took my last swallow. It still has the power to crush me. ..And you know what? I never want to lose sight of that. Because I know me and if I become convinced that it's gotten easier then I am likely to convince myself that I don't need to put in the same amount of effort to remain sober. And I can tell you from both personal and observed experience that slacking off is the tipping point toward disaster...So I don't fool myself into thinking it's any easier. It's the effort the awareness and the education that provides the illusion that it's getting easier and once I back off it will prove itself to be just as tough as it ever was...The price of eternal sobriety is eternal vigilance.
Have you tried [this site?](http://strawpoll.me/)
