-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3y8k9q/question_about_going_to_barbershops_when_sober/

I am a year and half sober and I sometimes go out to bars or parties or clubs but not very often...I have been going out more in the last 4 months than before though.  I enjoy it minus the water-glass problem and the drink-at-my-place problem. ..This makes me wonder because everybody always says it about how if you keep going out to bars and parties and whatnot you will eventually drink.  People sometimes caution me on going out (sober people not drunk people.) I think this is because in the last 4 months I have been going out more than for the first year or so so they notice this change and have expressed concern. ..I don't feel like drinking but I don't know what that saying means.  So even though I don't want to drink if I go out to bars I will eventually drink because I'm there? That's what that saying sounds like. Well then it seems like I would not have much warning of a potential relapse in that case because it will just happen sometime like secretly my brain will do a ninja-type move on my ass and sneak in there and I will suddenly change from not wanting to drink to wanting to drink or to drinking anyways? ..The issue is this though: I like to go out sometimes.  Not every weekend but I do like to go out. Not when people are obnoxiously hammered or when it is 3 in the morning and everybody sucks but earlier than that and when the atmosphere is fun.  On the one hand I like to go out - to restaurants where people I'm with will be drinking to bars when I want to be there and sometimes to a lounge-type nice place that has good food but not really clubby clubs because those have always sucked.  I only used to ever go there to find someone to have sex with but now that I am sober and I have all my wits and tits about me I can just find someone at a coffee shop or if I turn into white trash a street corner (I'm a girl so it's pretty easy) so I don't need the clubby clubs they really are just too crowded anyways which means more obstacles between me and my target which cuts down on efficiency big time. ..So to summarize I like to go out to locations where there will be the imbibing of the alcohol.  On the other hand I don't want to relapse.  And people are cautioning me about going out. Just little things like "Well be careful" and "Make good choices" and "Barbershops" and very vaguely generic advice but I think I'm getting this more now because I am going out more now.  ..I'm asking this now because New Year's is coming up.  I did not go out last New Year's and I have not been out to a sober New Year's in ever.  So I'm going to give New Year's a pass because I don't want to feel uncomfortable when everyone is toasting the New Year's I don't want to be in massively crowded places (re: obstacles to target issue) and I don't want to be run over by a drunk driver. ..But this has got me thinking in general. What do you guys think? It sounds like that even though I do not want to drink and I enjoy going out I am taking risks anyways because my brain will hijack me without a moment's notice and I will be doomed to smelly breath and  clumsy sex and waddle-walking for the next several drunken relapsed years.  ..Feedback appreciated. ..
----------immediate responses--------

The [least popular advice in early sobriety is Dry People Dry Places.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2szkp8/the_least_popular_advice_dry_people_dry_places/?ref=search_posts)  you don't have to be around /r/stopdrinking very long to see all sorts of posts and comments from those of us who ignored the advice and ended up with some really bad consequences.
This is a very valid and reasonable question...and one that can trip people up.  ..The advice parroted so frequently is along the lines of "If you keep hanging out at barbershops eventually you are going to get a haircut."..I have dealt with this by avoiding drinking people places and things...and developing different interests and social outlets.  ..You make comments about the brain hijacking you..and while it sounds silly YES.  There have been many posts on here in the past year or so that I've read that are captioned "Well...today is Day 1 again"...and have some variation on the "I was doing really well just sticking with my soda/water/tonic/tea and next thing I knew I was waking up hungover and horrified"...I'm addicted to food as well.  This one is a more complicated one in some ways because there is no such thing as complete abstinence from sustenance as a human and still survive.  That being the case however if I sit around visiting all the local bakeries and just having a cup of milk while watching all of the pastries being eaten around me....there is a higher and higher chance that one of those times I'm going to say "You know...what is it going to hurt me to eat ONE cookie?" And I don't eat just one.  ..Same with my alcoholic default settings deep down inside.  I can work on myself..I can attend alcohol involved functions if I plan ahead with an escape plan have a SPECIFIC reason for being there (IE: a friend's wedding a wake a birthday party etc.) but one I've fulfilled my obligation and done my duty I leave gracefully.  Hanging around temptation or repeatedly intentionally getting into the path of that temptation is a dangerous pattern for me.  ..I'm celebrating New Years Eve this year..at my house.  It will begin with a delicious steak and shrimp meal I make for hubby and I followed with a gathering of friends supportive of my recovery and some friends IN recovery.  With tons of food lots of delicious non alcoholic drinks (including a carbonated spiced apple cider that is amazing) and a number of adult themed games like Cards Against Humanity Never have I Ever and the like...My birthday is New Years Day.  Every year for 12+ years my birthday gift to myself was a WILD party the night before..which may or may not have involved dangerous risky or just embarrassing behavior followed by blackout...and a birthday morning of regrets brutal hangover spending most of the day dry heaving and EVENTUALLY being able to get some food in my body.  Not exactly something I'm proud of. ..Last year...after a battle with leukemia and 2 rounds of chemo for my spouse...I enjoyed my first sober NYE and birthday. Spouse was well enough to enjoy a similar steak/shrimp meal with me and some friends came over for a while...and my birthday DAY was spent with zero hangovers..lunch with family (no sour stomach!) and no regrets.  ..This year we're recovering from Spouse's cancer battle round 2...and he is finally starting to feel better so I think we'll be able to have a second sober holiday celebration that we both can remember and enjoy...and that is worth everything to me.  ..I couldn't do that if I was hanging out at bars and clubs.  But that is just me...Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! 
Unless you're coming out of a 550 day coma you  know what you're doing.  If you say it isn't a problem for you I'm sure it isn't a problem for you.  Why do you care what anyone else thinks? I don't understand why a 1.5 year sober person would ask this question. We are talking human years here right?
Eventually it won't be a problem - in large part because we go to places where alcohol is incidental to us and to the people we are with.  I go to restaurants where they serve alcohol some times the people I am with will have A glass of wine literally one.  I do not go to be with people who are drinking.   Ever.   ..I have no business being  in a drinking situation so I don't  I am  not giving up anything of value and have gained a great life free from what booze did to me.
I get what you're saying here. If I had to condense a lot of reading and anecdotal experiences it seems alcohol was what got some over social anxiety in public situations or opened up their wild side. Being around it is risky as they may "need" it again.     .There are people tho who genuinely enjoy hanging out with ppl and having a good time absent alcohol. I'm one of them. I'm surprisingly social. All my drinking was generally a private thing alone or at a hosted dinner. Didnt drink at other family gatherings.  So i can see myself going out like you. Not now so early but eventually.  It's really something you have to determine for self.
After reading the comments below about you not really trusting yourself yet bit wanting to build up that trust; maybe try an outing where you have a set time you will go home. Then if successful do it a few more times extending the time a bit. I don't think that recovering alcoholics should shut themselves off socially - but there are also things each of us know we should/shouldn't attend. Its on a case by case basis. I am only early in recovery but have had to go through a few drinking events (birthdays etc) which I hadn't entirely trusted myself for but made sure I had my escape plan ready to go if I felt that I needed it. Also amy time my scumbag brain tried to tell me a little bit wouldn't hurt I played the tape forward to where I end up a drunken mess vomiting/etc and feeling sorry for myself. I hope you find the help you were looking for and good luck. 
