-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yf6wl/stopping_the_bleeding/

I relapsed on Christmas eve after four sober weeks. I used an obligatory stressful call to a family member as an excuse to drink. The 'fuck it' voice went into full effect and I kept drinking Christmas day and yesterday as well. Last time I relapsed it was for a week-long binge. I'm stopping the bleeding now. I will not drink today. I have the info for an aa meeting near my house that I plan to use. Thanks for being here SD.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't get down on yourself...I'm currently in relapse prevention therapy after 2 years of sobriety..It's a process and it isn't easy this time of year but if you really want this you will do it and then end result will be so much better
Good for you /u/ConeOfLove -- I mentioned yesterday about my dear friend Jeff the longtime secretary of my Agnostics AA meeting who is terminally ill.  Jeff said in response to a newcomer saying that she was on the bubble of relapse due to family stressors--that for him there is no EXCUSE to drink after he makes the daily decision not to drink TODAY.  If Jeff doesn't have an excuse even though he is dying of end-stage cancer I don't have an excuse.  ..Good luck to you in getting back on the path.  
I think that anytime you arrest a relapse process even after giving in is sign of strength and you should be proud. There's to many tales around here of someone giving into a relapse that lasts months or even years. So pulling up short on a "typical" action is great. You can do it keep it going.
Thank you for keeping us posted on how you are doing. I've used all of the excuses in the world to drink and it always brings me back to the same place. Deep down if I want to drink I will always find a reason to. I'm glad that you are back and that your relapse didn't spin into a longer binge. What's your plan now?
I can empathise with your situation.  I cracked over Christmas as well...
I hate the "fuck it" voice. That little dude lives to get dudes fucked over...But you stopped. That's not fucking easy especially when you get the urge to shitcan it. Last time I did that a year disappeared...Tomorrow'll be 2 days...You got this...You fucking got this.
You've got this shit!
I know the fuck it voice oh so well good luck.
I did the exact same thing you did.  Except I started Christmas Eve Eve.  Then was drunk all day Christmas Eve and Christmas and I was miserable and depressed.  But the Fuck It Voice had me.  Stopped it today to.  Tried to stop it yesterday but after an entire day of being sick from recovering I gave in to drink some wine to subside the systems.  And that is fucking it.  I'm so sick of being sick.  I'm so sick of it all.  
On those stressful days I decide that my only goal for that day is to go to bed sober. 
Man I gave into the relapse voice and it caused me 3 months of a relapse. Which caused so much hell let me tell you. But I'm so thankful I'm now at 50 days- and that should tell you it's very possible to get back what you had! And those days sober still were sober days we all make mistakes and relapse can happen. What matters is the next decision you make in my opinion. So keep at it. Move on. And let's stay sober today.
