-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ygiyh/social_anxiety_doesnt_mean_drinking_got_through/

In the run up to Christmas I had been spending a lot of time thinking about why I don't drink how much I've struggled with feeling festive or excited about any holidays and whether I would ever be able to join in with drinkers. By the end of Christmas day I was certain I could do it. I don't know why exactly... I didnt speak to all my family over the past two days of visiting some people i just have no way into conversation withbut a few of the people I rarely see who I feel a bit uncomfortable talking to because I don't really know them very well. I started conversations and asked questions when in the past I'd have stayed to the sidelines with my little cousins or my quiet aunt. I haven't ever done that without drinking and it's a big step forward for me. ..If anyone reading this has had a similar experience in the past and struggling I hope this is some help. It does get easier in time and in this case I took the view that I wasn't stuck there all day with them they were all stuck there with me to be my conversational Guinea pigs. It doesn't matter if I say weird or awkward things to them they are my family they have to see me again. Mwahahahaha..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm babysitting my teetotaler friend Patrick's guinea pig--I tell him that despite all of his sober life accomplishments he still only can be trusted with a starter pet.
"It doesn't matter if I say weird or awkward things to them they are my family they have to see me again. Mwahahahaha". .THIS. I love this. So glad to hear that you have progressed and have started to feel comfortable in your own skin. We all are our own form of awkward whether it's around people alone or anywhere in between. Thanks for the great reminder.
Good for you SWM. Lots of newcomers struggle with this (I certainly did to some degree) so I'm sure your story will be encouraging to them. The key to the process for me was just showing up and being OK with a little silence. At first I tried to overcompensate by filling in all the quiet spots as if it was my job to do that. That was forced and uncomfortable for both me and them...And yes family are indeed the perfect Guinea pigs--lol!
Nice! I live practicing on guinea pigs. Store clerks librarians... Anybody you can interact with briefly is fair game.
