-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yi37b/hi_there_checking_in_almost_at_a_year_but_the/

Which feels very weird to say because almost everything is going more or less pretty well in my life.  I guess in a way it has a lot to do with thinking back on the past (more specifically christmas last year) and realizing how close I really was to losing everything I held dear to me...  I struggle with depression anxiety was suicidal for a long while during those dark drinking days + before that and on top of all that I had to deal with grief and trauma of losing my childhood best friend because he decided to jump in front of a train.  I think the reason why that is on my mind at the moment is because I saw his younger brother at an event today (an event that focused on getting the community active in addressing suicide and the mental and emotional wellbeing among high school kids for that matter).  He looks so much like my friend that for a split second I thought it was him.  I held my cool at the time but I think it's getting me quite emotional now.  These are the type of feelings I would turn to alcohol to numb out.  I guess in a way I'm still struggling to process those feelings though it has gotten more manageable these days.  I really have to thank my therapist my AA support group and SD for helping out with that.  ..But even positive emotions can be a bit hard for me to deal with too.  For example after going to this meditation meeting I usually attend on Sundays a close AA friend of mine that I met this year gave me a gift she crafted.  Nothing too fancy but that small simple kindness was enough for me to feel a bit off because it's probably one of the nicest things someone has done for me in terms of recently.  I was taken aback lost my words so I didn't have much to say besides "thank you so much" "how thoughtful and kind" and the usual.  Awkwardly hugged her twice and went on my way.  Now I am sitting here alone feeling oddly lonely and getting emotional again because I am starting to realize how blessed and fortunate I am to be surrounded by so many positive and kind people in my life.  I didn't really start cleaning up my act until the beginning of this year and I cannot help but feel like I am not doing enough to return the favor (even though that is not necessarily true I know I've done a lot when it comes to recovery and helping others).  It also probably doesn't help that I shared for a bit too long at the meeting earlier maybe even got too personal and got cutoff because of one or both of those reasons.  I'm sure there was no malicious intent and all is well but I can't help but feel vulnerable because of that like I start second guessing myself and my recovery.  I often seem to feel like that after sharing some days worst than others.  Nobody else mentioned it though so it's all probably in my head...In the end I have this gift that and along with today in general has left a sort of profound impact on me but I am not sure where to go from here.  I guess the bottom line is that I am extremely grateful for where I am at now and must remember that things are infinitely better compared to the drinking days.  I hope to maintain that onto the next year but one day at a time I guess.  I guess this is more of a rambly type of post so thanks to whoever took the time to read.  I wish you all the best and a big thank you to those that keep this sub alive and flourishing.
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety has taught me to grow up. 
In less than 4 days I am counting on you coming back to celebrate a year sober.  On that day I will add you to r/dinos!  ..I hope you keep posting and commenting because this is solid stuff for our community.
You are going through some tough stuff right now and you are doing it sober. Very commendable. 
Big awkward internet hugs for you. Sounds like you're dealing with some interesting confusing and even conflicting emotions right now. Anniversaries and milestones seem to make them bubble up more than usual. The great thing? You're dealing and processing and it is manageable. Nice going!
Well done brilliant achievement.
Thanks for sharing. I'm coming up on one year too and sometimes I feel like I'm not doing enough in recovery. It's great to have a sponsor who assures me I'm doing what I need to do. I can relate to feeling like it's all in my head (which is probably is). Thanks for sharing it's great to know I'm not alone in the feels. 
