-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ykc77/does_that_desire_to_drink_ever_fade/

I'm sitting on about 50 days sober at the moment and while I think I've sort of shaken the immediate mental hold alcohol has had on my life and I feel 10000 times better in all respects but that physical need is still as strong as ever. I understand this may be a silly question but between that and the stress-related relapse dreams I'm legitimately curious. Will there ever come a time when I can look at a half-finished drink and not feel that instinct to down the damn thing for them?..I don't mean to whine about it I'd just like to hear others' perspectives and learn a thing or two as I gear up for the next 50 days the 50 after that and so on.
----------immediate responses--------

I can go a long time without thinking about a drink. When the craving comes its comes out of seemingly nowhere. I'm alcoholic that shit happens. It's what I do when that craving comes that makes the difference. Do I hold onto old ideas or do I let go absolutely? I totally have another drunk in me but idk if I have another recovery. 
Absolutely!  I felt the same way early on like I'd spend the rest of my life struggling with wanting to drink but knowing I shouldn't.   I can't remember exactly when it went away (mostly) but I know I was feeling really great when I picked up my 6 month chip. Every now and then out of the blue a glass of wine or a craft beer sounds so damn good but I let the thought drift away it maybe lasts 2 minutes.  I was actually struggling a couple weeks ago but after talking and talking and talking about it I was able to let it go. .It does get better. 
There's nothing "silly" about your question. After abusing alcohol for years it took me awhile before that physical "pull" subsided but it did. What helped me was working a recovery program. By that I mean  having a therapist and being involved in AA. 
For me it left in stages was more or less completely gone some time in the first year. It was much much better after 90 days.    . Only one kinda strong impulse since and that was exceptional during 9/11 evacuation.   And it lasted only a few seconds and passed.
Yes it fades. No desire at all certainly not after the first few months or so.
In the Big Book of AA Dr. Bob (the second dude in AA) says that it took him over a year before the urge to drink faded so you're not doing anything wrong.
I don't have real big cravings that last for hours anymore but I do feel pangs once in awhile. Similar to the pangs you might feel about an ex-gf. We had good times but you were fucking crazy and it's time to move on.
Thanks guys this is all very helpful. It's good to know that patience and persistence gets rewarded in the end even if that reward is incremental and slow.
For me it totally disappeared the day that I recognized and accepted that I am an ex-drinker.
It hits me out of the blue completely at random. I might not get it for a week or it might be 30 times in a day. A lot of people say it goes away in time or at least the intervals between get longer and longer...There's only one way to find out.
It became less and less by the end of my first year. Now I can't remember the last time I've even thought about it. 
For me it disappeared within the first 2 months or so. I was completely shocked to have the obsession with alcohol disappear - I didn't expect it. I had resigned myself to having to battle it forever! Once in a very great while the thought of a drink will sneak up on me in the place I would least expect it but my second thought is always "Hell no!"
Of course. If it didn't then I'd probably go have a drink. ..The obsession faded in my first year. Sometimes i'll have a fleeting thought of taking a drink and buying some party favors. But now as compared to *nearly* three years ago it happens for maybe a few minutes a year as opposed to every hour.  
From personal experience the way I felt at 50 days was very different than at 90 and 90 was very different than 180.  Do I have urges/cravings?  Occasionally.  They're different now though then in early recovery.  Your brain does change and adapt.  I've been sober for a little over 1.5 years and things still change all the time.  Being sober allows me to reevaluate myself my priorities and my goals. 
i *notice* they don't finished their drinks still. I don't notice whether they finished their water or not but I notice the wine. But I don't have any desire to drink it anymore...I guess that's progress! I'm sure at some point it will all be just background noise for me.
[removed]
