-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yqz7f/christmas_morning/

Hi SD...I quit drinking Nov 19th after making a fool of myself at a bar coming home and vomiting everywhere.  I wasn't a hardcore alcoholic but I'd have more than 10 beers a week and would drink pretty much every day.  I'm usually at home with my family but Nov 19th I went to see a band play at a bar.  First time out in ages and the extent I "let go" kinda showed me I had a problem.  Turns out the only thing keeping me from being a fucking wreck is loving my wife and daughter and the moment they're not around I have very little control.  And even then my drinking every day made me a worse husband and father...So fast forward to Christmas Eve.  I've been some degree of drunk every Christmas Eve for the past 12 years.  Except last week...So around 1:30am Christmas Morning my 22-month old wakes up.  She can't catch her breath.  She's wheezing which doesn't seem like the end of the world at first but we realize her little heart's racing and her lungs are going so deep into her chest it's clear she's struggling.  My wife and I hold her bring her outside (cold air helps settle croup).  She still doesn't catch her breath.  We decide to call 911.  A few minutes later an ambulance blows past the house.  I run down the street and flag it down.  They pull in the driveway get her in the back and start giving her oxygen.  Her heart rate is above 200bpm.  I'm strapped to the stretcher and I'm holding her and holding the oxygen mask to her face while the ambulance runs red lights and races to the hospital.  She was fine the oxygen helped settle her and she received some steroids for the croup...But in the ambulance on the way it hits me if this had happened most nights she's been alive I would have been anywhere from mildly to seriously drunk.  I was so. glad. to. be. sober...And that's the thing about emergencies.. you'll never know when they'll happen.  It can be in the middle of any night.  If I drink 99% of the evenings odds are 99% that I'll have been drinking when someone needs me...So gassy2000 how's sobriety going?  It's going okay.  There's big upsides but my brain is a tricky fucker.  The other morning at 10am I'm running an errand and as I pass a shitty restaurant my brain says "hey just so you know you *could* go have breakfast with a pint at that place".  Being sober 24/7 I can't escape myself and it's a challenge to deal with all the emotions I had held at bay but I can see the benefits and am looking forward to 2 3 4 months and then years....
----------immediate responses--------

God bless you and your family.  I'm glad to know that your daughter is well.  I hope that moment will guide you to those future months and years of sobriety.  You've already accomplished staying sober for over a month.  You've got this.
I am glad your daughter is okay and glad that you are looking forward to the future. I wish you well!
Wow. Thanks for the reminder that emergencies can happen at any time and when you're drunk it can have serious consequences. Too many nights have I risked this sort of thing with my family and I needed to hear this. My biggest catalyst now is that my second child is due any day now and I want to experience everything with a clear head (not to mention I can't drive my wife and kid to the hospital if I've been drinking and she goes into labor!) 
Excellent.  This is such an important story thanks for sharing it.  
Thank you for posting this so much!  I came to this sub thinking bout joining but not quite sure. I have a daughter who has epilepsy. It's well controlled with meds but the thing about epilepsy is that a seizure is always possible.  My husband is in the military and works 24 hour shifts sometimes. I typically use those to drink without having to hide it. ..Your post helped me to realize that I am putting my daughter at risk when I do that. It honestly never really occurred to me before. ..I never felt like I really had a problem since I typically only had one-two bottles of wine a week. But I need to stop because I am not just responsible for me. ..Thank you!..Turns out the only thing keeping me from being a fucking wreck is my husband and daughter. I should be better for them.
I am so grateful I didn't have an emergency land in my lap when I was drunk! Glad your daughter is well and that you've had this important realization. Sobriety keeps getting better.
