-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ytj1p/im_not_sure_why_i_lied/

I was sitting in a bar on Christmas night with three of my oldest and closest friends.  I sat there content with drinking my coke and joking around with my friends that I rarely get to see.  We have known each other since we were young children so the foundation of our friendship wasn't built around drinking but nonetheless we like to drink together when we can.  A friend turns to me and asks how long I haven't been drinking.  I tell him about two months without any alcohol at all.  "Not even a beer here and there?" Nope.  "Did you think you had an issue?"  That question caught me a bit off guard but instantly I reply saying no I just wanted to lose some weight.  Now these are friends who have seen me at my worst and would undeniably support my decision to stop drinking regardless of the reason.  I don't know why I lied to them.  I have been vulnerable and admitted my alcoholism to others I'm still not sure why I struggled to be honest with them.  Maybe another time.
----------immediate responses--------

Perhaps your alcoholic brain is leaving the bridge intact instead of blowing it up?
It's weird eh. I had the same thing. No idea why I lied to a friend about my drinking behaviour (especially as she's an addiction worker and the least judgmental person ever!) but when I came clean later it felt really good. 
Not being completely honest in early sobriety was a defensive behavior and was my default reaction. I had been lying about so many things for such a long time.  I wanted to protect my sobriety and it was the only way I knew how to.  This has changed over time with effort and practice.  Most people I was dishonest with were understanding once I came clean.  I wouldn't beat myself up over it and just try to learn from it.  Changing old behaviors has been a big part of my journey.  The best part of not lying anymore is I don't have to remember everything I've said.
I believe that it's feeling of not wanting to be judged.  I know that I've spent so much time trying to hide it that as of right now I really don't want to hear someone else's opinion who has not walked down my path.  As time passes for you you may feel more comfortable with sharing.
We lie because as alcoholics we're in practice...We lie because we harbor reservations...We relapse because we harbor reservations and we aren't honest...Solution: honesty and letting go.
I think I've grown pretty used to lying. The first question everyone always asks is "How's it going?" and I say "Good" because it would be a little attention seeking to say "I long for death. My life has been a cruel pointless joke and my only hope for salvation is to give up my sole coping mechanism of a decade." I think I lie because I've been forced to have so much practice.
Maybe you just did not want them knowing you had a problem.
I was sitting with a family member tonight (she thoroughly enjoys drinking and is always suggesting I just park up the car and stay for a few drinks and taxi home..) and just as I was leaving she suddenly asked unexpectedly If I was going to have a glass of wine when I got home. I sharply said "nope I'm off it" and when she asked why I had no idea what to say and blurted out something about wanting to live a bit healthier eat and drink healthier cut back on ...you know..'everything' and how I wanted to enter the 'new year' on a healthier note and try to lose some weight for my health etc. I think she just looked at me in stunned silence at me warbling on. It would have been totally out of the blue for her that I'm suddenly announcing I'm off alcohol. You almost feel that you're letting people down. She's probably highly suspicious at my turnaround. drinking is a huge part of their life and they really like to 'involve' you which means I'll constantly have to decline offers to pop over for a drink or 'park up the car and taxi home' if I'm visiting..I'm definitely not able to tell them I have a problem as this is all so new to me at this stage....and ....well....private. I'll tell them when I feel stronger. .Well done to you for doing well and hopefully in time you'll be able to tell your friends. It must be a scary prospect.
[removed]
