-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ytm7o/young_mother_and_reflection_of_the_past_year/

I don't usually post but I have greatly enjoyed reading everyone's shares and they have helped me immensely in my journey.  For those that read my post I very much would appreciate your wisdom and thank you...With the holidays and everything that has happened this year I'm currently struggling to stay sober for any long periods of time.   This time last year I was with my close family and we were celebrating the birth of my son who was about a month old then.  I had been an alcoholic prior to meeting my husband and having a child but had managed to keep things..."manageable".  I had a very difficult birth (preeclampsia during pregnancy) major hemorrhaging during the birth and eventually lung and heart failure a week post delivery.  I should have died twice over but the doctors were amazing...I had a very difficult time recovering and just when I was starting to get my strength back I was hit with a pretty hard dose of post-postpartum depression and anxiety.  My drinking began again I was lost and didn't know who I was anymore.  I didn't recognize myself.  I didn't feel like a mother was supposed to and things were pretty miserable. I have bad insomnia and I know I wasn't sleeping pretty much most nights.  I had no regard for my own well-being.  I was put on lots of medication one of which was Ativan and that really started to mess me up.  In July of last year I got a DUI (not with my son in the car I was careful to never drink when I was alone with him).  But that started a chain of events that got me to today...Right then and there I knew something had to change.   I chose to go to a hospital cause I was concerned for my own sanity and I then made the choice to go into a rehab nearby.  This was a huge scary decision for me as I'd never been to a rehab before and I thought it would be the best option for both me and my health and for my family.  At the hospital my husband told me he wanted a legal separation and was going to get temporary physical custody of our son.  At the time I was absolutely crushed and confused but I didn't feel like I could make wise decisions.  ..I completed 60 days of residential treatment and during that time my husband moved on.   He told me that he didn't even want to try to salvage our marriage and I was not welcome to come back home.  He never came to any family groups or the counseling that was offered.  His father is also a hard drinker and I think that affected his decision and treatment towards me.  I had chosen to go into treatment and he left me.  I own up to my actions and my drinking but I'm still struggling with postpartum depression and he took my son away from me.   In no way is my story unique but it was my very first time trying to actually get sober.   Even the counselors I saw were confused at his extreme anger and I had a difficult time believing that things were really over.   ..I stayed in a sober living house for a few months after residential and managed to get up to 5 months sober before I was forced to get my own apartment.  I am seeing a therapist weekly and still going to f2f meetings and was on my 9th step with my sponsor.  My husband told me that none of time I was in treatment counted to him.  He didn't care about my progress and that I would still not be able to get 50% custody of my son.  The anger that was still there was beyond anything I had anticipated and I relapsed.  After trying so hard nothing had changed....what was the point?  Since then I have not been able to get more than about a week sobriety under my belt.   ..I have commitments and I still go to meetings but I'm struggling.  I have no hope.  His whole family shunned me and took his side and I'm trying to understand it all.   I don't know why I'm still drinking.  The motivation is huge to NOT drink but I don't feel even like a mother because I only get to see my son supervised for a few hours a week.  I'm still struggling with depression and living alone I isolate and spend days barely talking to anyone.  I work from home so I still have my work/job but that doesn't help when things are slow during the holidays and I have way too much time on my hands.  I took on a second job as a result working retail design for about 20 hours a week.  I have had VERY bad insomnia for the last 10 years. I haven't slept well in weeks.   Last night I think I got about and hour and 1/2 of sleep...My therapist told me to start reaching out more so I'm trying to by writing this.   I'm crying as I write this because it all just seems so...hopeless.   My husband is taking my son to Disneyland today and didn't even care to tell me.   I know I have rights and definitely want to get a lawyer involved but I can't afford one right now.  Any advice or words of encouragement would be great appreciated.  I managed to have a sober Christmas by myself but it's been really hard with the year ending and things looking really bleak.  With it being a time of reflection I have difficulty finding peace.  I have a relationship with a higher power but I constantly feel like I'm being punished from the god of my childhood.  While I have a very supportive family they live pretty far away.  I haven't seen any of them since being in the hospital/rehab.  ..I have a support group of people here but with the holidays they are all with their own family's and I don't want to impose.  ..I love all of you more than you know and while I'm very introverted and shy I'm glad that I have been able to share my story for those that have listened.     ..Thank you!!  Hope everyone has a safe & sober new years.
----------immediate responses--------

I want to hug you right now.   You have had such a hard year and you have survived. I'm so glad you are reaching out for help. You deserve to be sober.  Continue reaching out to your group and sharing your struggles and your pain. I had a friend that had PPD and I know how terrible it is.  You are not alone. I'm glad you are seeing a therapist I know mine has certainly helped me. I'm searching the right words...I just want you to know I care and that you can make it. Sometimes making a list of short term and long term goals then reading them everyday helps. I want you to succeed and get your baby back. Please feel free to post anytime you feel the need. Sending lots and lots of hugs and encouragement. 
Welcome. That's one hell of a year. I hope to see you around more!
I'm so sorry you've been dealing with such a rough run of things. Do you have any law schools in your area? Most of them run free/sliding scale law clinics to help people who cannot afford a lawyer...Hugs to you. 
I feel for you. I wish I could give you a huge hug and have a nice cry with you. I long to be able to offer advice but I cannot. I can relate to your sons birth experience. My son and I went through the same trama and postpartum is serious business I still have wisps of it even after ten years. ..You have been so strong. It may not feel that way to you but reading your story proves it. I mean wow that is some serious shit (to put it crudely). You walked through hell woman and you are still on your feet even with unsteady footing. If you can survive what your husband did while you were recovering I want you on my side in case of a zombie apocalypse...I hope you find solid ground and that life sends a couple soft pillows your way you deserve them. Take care of your heart. We are always here if you need a chat. My thoughts are with you.
I feel a lot of empathy towards you.  It sounds like you've been through a lot.  I can't imagine some of the struggles you've been through.  My (ex)wife decided to move on while I was in rehab.  It is what it is but life didn't start to get better until I made an effort to move on in life.  I couldn't get sober for her or for my children  (2&amp;4 at the time).  I had to do it for myself.  Changes took time.  My ex was really hurt by my actions and I couldn't make her forgive me.  The only thing I could do was work on myself and let time pass.  As my behaviors changed thing became easier with my ex.  We agreed that I could not see the kids unsupervised for 3 months if I drank again and that still stands.  I'm not recommending that but it's what I did and it gave me some extra motivation to stay clean.   I do know that treating her with respect (even when i didnt want to) made things easier and we are now able to be co-parents.  I now have unlimited access to them and they've been with me most of the Christmas  holidays and this is with "Moms" blessing.   I'm not trying to give advice here.  Just letting you know how it went for me.  Hang in there and stay strong.  I wish you all the best.
I can honestly say that when I drank after 15 years it was not because of professional reversals miscarriages of justice a parent who was terminally ill financial setbacks bad news or even good news--it didn't just happen I chose to drink.  I did it.  I had NO EXCUSES.  ..When the miracle of sobriety happened again I began with the [things I describe at the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) and I doggedly persisted.  Life got better.  Not easy but it works if I work it.
Glad you shared your not alone here ever.
Sounds like you have been through so very very much. The overwhelming feeling I got from reading your post is that you can do this! You will beat this and get your child back in your life. You've come so far despite everything you've gone through and without any family close by to support you. When all seems lost I would urge you to try and see how far you've come and give yourself a pat on the back. Every day you don't lift a drink is a step closer to your little boy. I wish you all the strength in the world and am sending you lots of hugs   
I was feeling very sorry for myself today.  Thank you for posting.  Your story has humbled me.  I'm glad you're here and I'm sending love and best wishes.  
I have a challenge for you - every time you have a thought of drinking post here. Whether it be some comments to other posters or your own post just post something. I think you'll get a lot of support and encouragement that might help you when you're having those thoughts. 
Have you tried medication for the sleep issues? I know one of the biggest helps for me when I started to address my physical and emotional problems was going on a medication that helped me get 8 hours of sleep every night. No more lying awake checking the clock no more waking up in the middle of the night unable to go back to sleep and thanks to cutting down the alcohol at the same time no more waking at the crack of dawn hung over. It's made a huge difference for me. Sleep helps stabilize your emotions and keeps your body healthy. Maybe you could ask your doctor?
