-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yvtve/ive_known_for_a_while_but_finally_im_ready_to/

I have a problem with binge drinking. This will likely end up being a pretty long post but I just feel like putting these thoughts that I have bouncing around in my head down "on paper" if you will. I feel like in the coming days weeks and months it may help to revisit this post when I'm struggling...I grew up with an alcoholic parent. Saw the way it affected our family and never understood how you could let something as stupid as drinking get in the way of your family life. We had a couple "interventions" but it was largely ignored. I was already into punk music so the straight edge thing kind of came naturally. I valued having a clear head and being in control. I saw the way my friends acted while drunk and didn't see the appeal. The first time I drank was the summer before I went off to college. I fell for the "if you're going to drink you should at least do it with your good buddies first before making an ass of yourself in a new place" routine...Well the college I chose turned out not to be a good fit. It was a couple states over. My sister attended but was busy with a collegiate sport. Relatively small school never really made any friends. I retreated to the solace of my sister's house while her and her room mates were out of town with the team on weekends. That's when I started drinking alone. Nothing too crazy. Grab a pizza chill out snake a little vodka or whatever they had around the house. Depression loneliness boredom? Not really sure...Following a transfer of schools the drinking alone was no longer an issue. I like to think I drank about as much as your average college student. Started smoking weed regularly which I always preferred to drinking. I think that helped to cut down although the "binge drinking" was still my weakness. I was most often the drunkest guy at the party. I caught that buzz and just wanted to keep going. I'm inherently very introverted so I learned that talking to girls or being at parties became a lot easier while drunk...Fast forward a couple years of relatively normal drinking although the "drunkest guy at the party" reputation persisted. I was living back at home with my parents so drinking alone wasn't as easy to get away with. That's probably the real reason why it improved at all...For the last few years I've been living in a house with a few room mates around the same age. It's like a post-college frat house. With no one to answer to and plenty of people coming and going to join in the drinking this is where I start sliding. The recent "you know you're an alcoholic when..." post really hit home for me. It was eye-opening to realize I connected with so many of the comments. ..Fake cough while cracking open a beer can? Check. Strategically planning your recycle dumps the night before it's picked up? Check. Mixing your room mates' vodka with rum with whiskey because you drank all your booze and you don't want any one bottle to seem too much lower? Check. Hiding a bottle of Canadian Club in a shoe box in your room so people don't see you in the kitchen pouring drinks at 10 AM on a Sunday morning? Check. "Hmm I really prefer a brown ale but that IPA has like double the ABV for the same price." - load it up! You get the point...I've managed to stay functional for the most part. I've held down a full time job although I have called in a sick a couple times due to being hungover. What's really gotten my attention as of late is the damage I'm doing to my relationship. On a couple of occasions I've made plans with my SO and then decided I had a few hours so I'll have a drink. Well you can probably guess what happens next. More. Before you know it I'm waking up to my SO standing over me with an incredulous look and a phone full of missed calls and texts. I never even heard it. I become inconsiderate and selfish. A dick frankly. ..The fact that I'm jeopardizing my relationship due to alcohol is absolutely sickening. However I'm not doing this for my relationship. That can be gone at the blink of an eye who knows. I am doing this for me. I'm tired of waking up after a drunken episode with the "oh shit" feeling and dreading showing my face because of something stupid I did the night before. I'm tired of being told what stupid shit I did the night before with no recollection of it whatsoever. "Dude you were SO hammered."..How did I get here? Luckily I have not put myself in the hospital I haven't gotten a DUI but I have hit enough of a bottom to know that something has to change. I have proven to myself that I'm not like everyone else. I cannot be trusted to drink responsibly...If you made it this far thank you for reading. Thanks to all of you for the posts throughout the day to permeate my head when I've felt like drinking. Today was my Day 1. Here's to many more sober days.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on day 1!!
Welcome here on your day one! This subreddit is where I got started and I have to say it's a pretty special place. Make yourself at home :)
Welcome to SD my new friend! A lot of your story really resonates with me. I know what you mean about the "you know you're an alcoholic when.." post. Enough said lol. ..Keep on keepin' on! 
Hey welcome! I admire your self reflection it takes a lot of courage to put that out there so good for you! You're in a good place here I'm proud of you for making that first step :) 
Hey I am a young person staying stopped with the drink. I relate a lot to what you shared. Easy does it it really is worth it!
One Day At A Time Friend. Sober is always better. Find some things to absorb the time -- and there's lots of it I know -- that you would have spent drinking. Nature abhors a vacuum.
Congratulations on day one! I am so proud of you for seeing a need for change and realizing that not all drinkers are or can be the same. Alcohol affects some of us differently dangerously. I had known for years that I needed to stop if I was ever going to be the person I really am and stop embarrassing myself. But I was scared because I'd started to depend on alcohol (much more emotionally than physically). I started late in high school because I always hung out with older kids. By college I went totally overboard and was drinking almost every night. I tried never to drink alone or in the mornings (outside of brunch) but somehow the habit never really stopped. Sure I moved away from Bacardi 151 in the dorms to wine and more "legitimate grown-up" drinks but I was still getting wasted. After college I moved in with boyfriends who drank so that cracking wine every night or going out to bars felt normal sophisticated even. By my late twenties I still wasn't ready to let go. So I moved to NYC (bars on every corner nobody drives) and  found myself a professional: a chef who had been a hard alcoholic for 15 years. Wheee the fun we had! But then I turned 30 and we left the city and something happened. I wanted a family. Stability. I'd basically frozen my emotional life at 18. But my entire twenties were about drinking (in hindsight I thought they were about how "awesome" I was being haha). Who was I without it? What did adults do if not drink? What was there to do sober?..Like you I haven't been hospitalized and I have a clean criminal record. I've been fired for drunk behavior at work functions but that's about the lowest it went in terms of boba fide hard consequences. It was from my absolute dream job so that hurt but they were right to do it and I know full well that I brought it upon myself. But the other more nebulous consequences were still there. I found myself with no developed coping skills married to that drunk chef who was my enabling partner for a life I didn't want anymore and desperately unhappy. I had finally decided that alcohol was incompatible with my life and I finally wanted to start living. That desire became greater than any fear or excuse. And I quit. Since I'd been thinking about it for years I found quitting hard but immediately rewarding so I haven't struggled as much as many other people do. Sobriety was an almost instant relief so that really has kept me going. I'm pretty unique in that I've found. My husband and I against a lot of odds are still together AND he hit 90 days of sobriety this week. We're expecting a baby in March. ..Life isn't picture perfect when you quit in fact other than my sobriety date being in 2015 this has been the worst year of my life. But at least I'm here and clear-headed and figuring out what this whole shebang is about finally. Stick with it. You are so far ahead of the curve that I really admire your strength bravery and insight! I basically dumped my entire twenties down the drain. I had some great experiences and learned a lot (the very hard way) but I know now that my worst day sober is a million times better than even my best drinking day. I wish I'd gotten through that fear and acted on my gut feelings earlier. Good luck!
Wow man your story is so similar to mine. I really related a lot...It's so great you're realizing this now before anything too major has happened and before you've wasted too much time!..My story's like yours only at this point I kept on going and eventually became the 'liability friend' that people feel bad for and worry about. To avoid calling more attention to my problem I isolated myself slowly over a period of years and eventually got stuck in a cycle drinking literally all day every day...Every morning I would wake up from a stress dream in a panic take two or three good slugs of vodka and wait until it kicked in so I felt sturdy enough to take a shower. I carried vodka in a water bottle with me everywhere because without a drink every 2 hours or so the shakes would start. Went through the workday like this every day...My life was eventually composed of nothing but anxiety fear and regreat and I couldn't go on. A college graduate losing jobs as a busboy. I knew what the problem was but I couldn't resolve it...A whole bunch of terrifying shit happened on a regular basis for several years and eventually I surrendered. That was about a year ago and I've had a few relapses but overall my life has improved dramatically. These past four months have been possibly the most interesting and fulfilling time in my life so far. I stay free from alcohol day by day and I hope in my heart I can keep the daily chain growing...That said good on you for facing this right now. You will avoid so much suffering if you can start working on this now. Good luck my friend...TL;DR: I wish I had stopped at the point you're at now. My story outlines your possible future.
Congratulations on your first day! I'm also a newbie to this. I got into punk in my teens too but the straight edge thing never really appealed to me (unfortunately). Punk was just as much about being shitfaced as it was about music. Taking it one day at a time has been super helpful. Good luck tonight and Happy New Year!
