-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3ywral/reflections_on_a_drinking_free_december/

Today is January 1st and I did not have a drink during the month of December.  The momentum of my non-drinking train keeps picking up steam and I hope it never comes to a halt...This streak of non drinking days is officially the longest I have had since those wonderful 16 years that I started my life with.  I have learned from past relapses and will never make those mistakes again...I hate how I was roped into drinking by the legality and culture surrounding alcohol in the United States.  I never planned on becoming a drinker when I was younger.  I liked books and sports and video games and doing all sorts of stuff with friends.  None of this had anything to do with drinking and drinking didn't have a part in my life.  Off to college I went and how everything changed. Any social function with classmates or my co-workers involved alcohol. Up until this point in my life I had been bombarded with the idea that drinking was normal ok and fairly harmless. It was all over TV and movies and the ads during sports matches drove home the point that booze was just another product like toilet paper or Sprite.  So entering college starting to drink seemed like a normal activity that normal people did. It did not seem like the beginning of a deep death defying teeth rotting drug addiction but that is what it was. So I began to drink. I have to take some responsibility for my addiction but I truly believe that the legality and drinking culture of the United States is what did me in. Almost everyone in my family drinks.  Drinking was everywhere growing up. That drinking train was easy to get on it was a fast crazy ride and it was so hard to get off.  The terrible part is that it pulls into the station every damn day tempting me to jump back on.  ..I feel like I am lucky to have unmasked the true nature of the drug.  That is all it is.  I was addicted to drugs. I knew this for a long while it just took an extreme amount of pain and suffering and willpower to overcome it.  I used talk about how terrible a drug alcohol really is. My pitch went like this..."In the future all drugs are legalized.  Bars now stock every kind of drug imaginable.  If you walk into a bar are you really going to get a beer? Of course not that shit is terrible in so many ways and only popular because it is legal and people are addicted." I think is still rings true and is relevant today. ..Well I am no longer addicted to the life wrecking drug.  I have my life back. I wake up every morning feeling pretty damn good. I sleep eat exercise work and play much better.  I am in control of my body and I don't want to drink.  Simple as that. I have stood tall and made a strong decision to not drink today tomorrow or the rest of this month.  This is my decision and mine alone and it was a great one. 
----------immediate responses--------

Iam getting the life back I deserve thanks and well done on 125 days.
Wonderful!  
Congrats!! .....and now I am trying to figure out where you are that it's already the new year....Australia?
[deleted]
Fantastic!
Wise words from the FUTURE! How's 2016 looking so far?
Thanks for sharing. Love the train metaphors ;)
