-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3yzrlw/small_struggles/

Hey all. I haven't posted in a while and honestly I don't have much of a reason to post now. I just know I feel better and more secure in my sobriety the more I actively post here so this is my (weak) attempt to get that back going again. Apologies for the selfish post!..Almost to 6 months and tonight I wanted to drink. I want to drink. There's no way I'm going to but the desire is there. How annoying that the craving can just pop up like that after weeks without it. But as I'm writing this I am thankful that I can even say there have been weeks without an actual craving. 6 months ago I couldn't go minutes without wanting another drink. The craving is also nowhere near the strength it was 6 months ago. Nowhere close! Lord so glad I never have to feel that level of craving again. So I really shouldn't complain and I know this will pass. But I can't help but feel sad even unaccomplished that I'm sitting here 6 months sober struggling a bit. I will just ride this out with cake and Perrier. ..Anyway happy new year all. It's really hard for me to reach out so just posting this will help. I'm going to try to keep it up. Thanks for listening SD. :)..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey totally fine to complain here! I'm glad you posted. I've had a few days in the last year that I struggled a bit and it always helped me a ton to come here and vent. Happy new year and I wish you all the best for 2016 and beyond!!
Thanks for posting I know when I feel the cravings the best thing to do is to tell on myself. 
I'm with you at about 6 months. I still have my moments too. ..At a party tonight there was a bottle of opened and unattended vodka. My lizard brain was egging me on. "Hey you could pour a glass and no one would know" STFU little devil. And he went away. But he isn't gone may never be I guess. Luckily I just powered through it by eating waaay to much. Ugh gonna pay for that tomorrow...Thanks for posting and happy 2016 friend
