-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3z3d0s/welcome_newcomers_some_suggestions_and_a_short/

Suggestion to newcomers: if you are quitting drinking sit down and write out the reasons why...When I first got sober and started a 12 step program I needed to come to terms with just how unmanageable my drinking and my life had become...so I took a notepad and started writing...and writing...and writing....I listed the things my body was doing as the effects of my drinking. (Hand tremors nausea frequent headache pains mystery bruises) I wrote down how I felt and my fears. ("I drove last night...i could have killed myself or others)....I wrote down snippets of some of the situations I'd gotten into (that time I ate chicken that was half raw...that time I beligerantly drank the cup of cigarette butts in water)...and the people I hurt or embarrassed (getting kicked out of spouse's work Christmas party...passing out and leaving spouse all alone New Year's Eve 2013)...and on and on....When I look back at that notebook which also lists the things I've gained in sobriety and the positive changes to myself and my relationships with others) I am powerfully reminded of the reasons I quit and that I am an alcoholic. I can't go back to that old person I hated barely treading in place in the bottom of a bottle...Next:  I built a support system.  I attended therapy.  I went to recovery meetings.  I told friends and family that I quit drinking and needed support...some stayed and supported me.  Some (drinking buddies) faded away...I learned to focus intensely on "Dry people dry places" to the best of my ability..and to keep contacts handy for people I could call when i was struggling...or people who would go with me if I had to be in a tough situation.  ..(This support net later saved my life when after 5 months sober my husband got cancer for the first time.)..I started to focus on developing new safe hobbies and found some great places to "hang out" like coffee/tea shops crafting locations AA or other recovery functions or parties held by others in recovery.  I threw alcohol free parties of my own and wild hilarious game nights at my house and cook outs on beautiful days on my deck drinking iced tea and lemonade. FUN DOES NOT NEED TO STOP IN SOBRIETY!  Boredom is a choice not a terminal condition.  ..The most important suggestion:  Be patient and take one day at a time.  Focus solely on making it through today alcohol (and if necessary mind altering substance) free.  Wake up without a hangover go to bed without regrets.  Be patient and take one step after another to improve yourself.  ..And always remember you are NEVER alone.  As of this post: /r/stopdrinking = 31314 readers..You can do this.  ..Stay sober my friends. ..Much love.Mouse.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Thanks.
This is really a great post.   Even some good reminders and tips for me.
Thanks for the post!  Totally agree on continuing to have fun while sober. Some days I get depressed about my sobriety and how difficult it is however getting out and spending time around good people really helps. Sobriety is not a "bored to death" sentence.
Thank you Mouse!
Thanks for the post Mouse! Happy New Year! 
I need to write things down.
Happy New Year and thanks for the post. Maybe you could help with a question I can see being a problem: Certain songs music scenes places and people all remind you of drinking or make things harder to not drink did you avoid all of these to begin with? Or is there some other coping mechanism to use in order to still be able to listen to music I like or go to places I enjoy for other things than just drinking? Or do I have to just give those up as collateral damage?..Thanks.
&gt;Boredom is a choice not a terminal condition.   ..This cannot be stated enough. Fun is out there. Find it or make it. 
Build support and enjoy moments that help me feel alive. Mostly by not drinking..
Go mouse.
Thank you for this. Today is going to be hard for me. First Sat Sober in a long time.
I thought I must have been the only one to drunkenly eat a half raw chicken.... I hope you also avoided salmonella God that was a stupid night.
And if you're anything like me embrace candy. You're going to eat lots and lots of candy. Great post Mouse the "FUN DOES NOT NEED TO STOP IN SOBRIETY!" was one of the hardest things I had to learn and the most rewarding.
Nice post!..I forgot about the bruises. So many random bruises. Now they're so rare AND I know where they're from!..And woo on fun having. I had a professor who told me that if I resented staying sober I probably wouldn't last very long sober. So I had to learn to be sober without hating it. ..Fun it is! 
Appreciate the post especially the parts about hurt and embarrass and about boredom.
Thank you. I am going to dust off that journal tomorrow. 
