-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3z5g83/grateful_but_not_proud/

I have 60 days today and for that I am grateful. I have been having a hard time though lately. I was a total sour puss and emotional all NYE which I was kind of taken a back by. I just feel like my life is lacking in so many ways. I am 30 year old and I have been drinking for more than half my life. I am now a mother and it has changed me in so many wonderful ways its been the turning point in my drinking it forced me to shine a light on all of my bad decisions and how they have led me to struggle through life without really living it. I feel like i don't have the life skills or resources to provide my son with the life he deserves. I'm under educated under employed I have no hobbies or passions. I'm lazy and depressed and whats worse is I feel like now that I don't drink I don't offer even a little reprieve from my debbie downer self to my BF who has to put up with emotional roller coaster of impulsiveness and isolation...I just feel like our relationship is just not how it should be. I know that parenting a toddler is tough on a relationship and adding the fact that I'm an alcoholic who has to stop drinking has really put a strain on us. I feel like i've sucked all the fun and love out of our relationship and now its just this sad existence where he is just hoping that i'm happy for the majority of the day and not having a "sad day" or that i'm so manic that i'm forcing a "good day" on everyone. i dunno i'm probably just rambling. I just feel flat and sad lately like i will never be enough for myself. I am not a good enough mom or girlfriend or daughter or friend. I am just less than and being sober just makes me realize it. Just re-reading this is making me feel like such a whiny little shit. I am grateful for my sobriety but I am not proud of myself. not even a little. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I am grateful for my sobriety but I am not proud of myself. not even a little...That is cool.  That is why I am here....**I declare January 2 2016 the day that I am proud of /u/throwawaythebooze30 for her time so far and her refreshing honesty here on SD.**..I bet there might be some other folks around here who are also proud of you......
Yep /u/nika65 is absolutely right...I am extremely proud of you as well. You are persevering through some tough shit. It does get better just take my word for it today.  
I am proud of you and inspired as well. You've already taken such an amazing step and done a lot of hard work for yourself and your family. We're all here for you! :)
Whether you're proud or not you've accomplished something in the past 60 days--you've made a start...And really that's a lot of what stopping drinking is--it's a start.  It won't solve your problems but it'll remove some of the barriers to solving them.  Maybe that means working on your mental health maybe that means looking for a new hobby maybe it means taking night classes.  Your decision to not drink won't automatically mean you'd succeed at any of the above but think about how damn-near impossible they would be if you were drinking!..What does the next step seem like to you?  What's the one first thing that might make you feel like your life isn't empty?
I'm very proud of you! I'm glad you were able to vent a bit. It does get better. The first couple months my emotions were all over the place. Congratulations on 60 days!
Well hell I'm proud of you. That's hard stuff and taking away your coping mechanism shows a lot of strength.
I remember feeling really down around 60 or so days. I spent a lot of time feeling regret and guilt. For me this was a normal part of the recovery process and it got better. I wish you the best!
be proud. all day long.
