-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zazb1/surpassed_my_goal_date/

Hello friends.  On 11/15/2015 I committed to cutting out alcohol through 12/31/2015.  I've abused alcohol since the age of 17 and negatively impacted my life through poor decision-making since then...12/31 has come and gone as you may know and I have never been happier.  I've still not had a drink and as more sober days go by the less I feel like I want to go back to drinking even in a social setting.  Last night for instance I went to a bar with friends to see a '90's cover band (nostalgia fuck yeah!).  A couple of them had a drink or two a couple of them did not.  I don't miss it at all and even getting through the holidays was less challenging than I expected...When I made the commitment on 11/15 I honestly thought I would not make it more than a couple of days... Historically I've been unable to not drink on a regular basis.  I feel the term "alcoholic" is subjective.  I do not feel I was an alcoholic but I absolutely did not have my drinking under control.  Many negative factors in my life probably contributed to my struggles with alcohol (unhealthy relationships a divorce lack of hobbies and direction in life) but my life has improved and continues to improve on so many levels...I'm submitting this post because I'm happy and I want others to see that the one simple act of not drinking ***will*** improve your mental well-being whether you want it to or not!  Make no mistake the act of not drinking is simple but it is not easy...  Stay strong seek support become the person you were meant to be.  Drinking is not for everyone.  It's not for me and it took me over 10 years to realize it and do something about it.  You can do it too.
----------immediate responses--------

You mentioned becoming the person you were meant to be. What changes have you noticed in yourself?
I've decided to not get hung up on labels. Alcoholic problem drinker whatever. Once I have 1 drink I don't stop until I'm passed out. So I'm not going to drink today..Congratulations on surpassing your goal and thank you for the insight! Loved reading your story.
My original goal was one week.  It seemed an eternity.  When it was difficult I kept going.  503 days later here I am...All the best in your continued sobriety.
My initial goal was 30 days for starters maybe more. As that goal came closer I pushed it back to 60 90 then 120 days. At that stage I decided that sober was how I wanted to stay...Nice one on exceeding your initial goal! 
I would make another goal date if I were you. That's how I did it.
