-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zfytm/day_one/

Three years now I've struggled with alcohol. I want to sit here and place blame on my job at the time my shitty boss my lack of a social life working full time and going to school full time hell even waking up and stubbing my toe. These are just some of the  justifications that I've used to perpetuate a bad habit and even worse choices. I want to stop I need to stop. I have lurked in this sub for awhile and have tried to absorb the knowledge you good folks have laid out for everyone; The baby steps checking in (though until today I only checked in with myself - not enough.) bringing more presence into my life and understanding that I need to work at not drinking today not for the week or month today. Thank you all for these wonderful nuggets of information  that I have been able to utilize to some degree of success. Never fully stopping but I could go for three days a week at a time only to hit a bender and schedule a date with my face in toilet a week later. Its gotta stop. So what am I doing to change this time so that I don't relapse again? Well to start I plan on participating here for one. I'm going to be researching local AA groups in my area talk to my doctor about Naltrexone or Antabuse and begin building some better habits like meditation and walking to work instead of driving. It may be a goal for a lot of people to resolve not to drink in the new year so I wish you all and myself the best of luck.
----------immediate responses--------

A (wo)man with a plan!
Welcome! Those all sound like great plans...For me even though I get a TON of benefit from the anonymous wisdom of SD it was also important to confide in a real person at some point. (well 3) They were my wife my sister and my therapist. ..Please consider whether or not there's some understanding friend confidant or loved one that you can get some of this off your chest at some point. They can be great support. ..Welcome! How I wish I had figured out that I had a problem at your age!!! (I'm in my 40's and there were definitely always signs . . . )..-punnyboy
Fantastic!!!!  Welcome new friend!
Welcome and thanks for sharing. Given your user name I gotta ask: Was it a good day?
Good for you /u/DidntHaveToUseMyAK -- and here's [your own link to the Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which were so helpful to me when I started stopping.
I blamed my alcoholism on my work for a few years now. I'm not doing that anymore. Welcome and love your user name.
Welcome! I really like the way you started off your post. I think one of the biggest things that has helped me is realizing any reason I could think of to drink (which was everything) was not a good reason to drink. All of the reasons I could think to drink were just as you said "justifications". Happy to hear you are making a plan. Hopefully your doctor will prescribe you something to help.  
Welcome glad you're here - sounds like you have an awesome plan in place!
welcome and good luck! not drinking today in solidarity with you. :)
Welcome I have also struggled for years but I'm on day 3-4 now :). Isn't too bad this forum is a great place.  Plus I feel HEALTHY again
hey DidntHaveToUseMyAK!..Welcome! Here for you!
Sounds like you have a good plan! Good luck!
