-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zi3p6/15_months_sober_i_just_want_to_share_my_journey/

Hey guys this is my first post here. I had my last drink September 25 2014. I found out a week later that I was pregnant with my second child. I've been a stay at home mom since my first was born and struggled with drinking the first year of his life. Looking back I think I was using alcohol to deal with the new role of motherhood or something. I have some regrets and a huge amount of guilt for some things I did. He's now 2.5 years old and such a happy fun lovely child. Absolutely perfect in every way. ..Anyways. When I found out I was pregnant with my daughter I knew I couldn't go back. Prior to finding out I was really doing some soul searching and reading books about addiction and realizing that I had a huge problem. So when I took a pregnancy test and it was positive I was so happy. This was my chance to really be a good mom and give my 100% to my children...Now my daughter is almost 7 months old and I am still sober. My journey to sobriety has even spread throughout my family. My little sister stopped drinking completely and both of my parents! They were both very heavy into alcohol while I was pregnant and I opened up about my struggles and inner demons so they could kind of start to see that they had a problem. It finally took my mom falling down the stairs for the tenth time to quit once and for all. She passed out in a pool of blood while alone. She knew she had to stop...At this point it doesn't really ever cross my mind to drink. I can be around people drinking and I could care less. I just remind myself that I'm whole and wonderful just the way I am. I used to use alcohol to be more comfortable in social situations and now I can talk to everyone with ease and confidence. It all takes time. It takes a lot of willpower to not give into that voice in your head justifying why you deserve a drink. That voice is not you. Don't listen to it...I decided to write this post because tonight I was watching this stupid trash tv show after the kids went to bed. All the people on the show are my age and just drinking and partying and living it up having fun. I really wished that I could drink again when I was watching.. I kind of was mourning the fact that I could never have those kind of experiences again. But instead of sitting there continuing to feel like that I got up and went into my baby girl's room. I listened to her little heart beat and felt her warm head and felt her breathing. Nothing in the whole universe feels better than loving your children. I am so thankful this is my life.
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful
awesome
Wonderful and inspirational post you have spread a gift throughout your whole family. Thank you fro sharing.
Beautiful :)
Just beautiful. I had an unfortunate episode this past weekend where I relapsed after completing 40 days of sobriety. After I finished beating myself up for it I realized that if anything my relapse was a reminder of why I stopped drinking in the first place and that I'm not missing out on anything. Sobriety is the best feeling in the world and I'm even more determined now to make it my new normal. 
That's awesome. I'm at five months not fifteen but the pull of alcohol is receding. ..Still I feel like that pull will never totally go away so I have to remember. 
that's a good reason why people stay active here or in AA or both....no one else wants to hear about it it is old news....
Yes this. Congrats on your 15 months. My second daughter is due any day now and I realized recently how important my family is instead of silly drinking every night. Your post hit home to me as a father. I am looking forward to 15 months and beyond myself.
Thank you for taking the time and sharing.  I really needed a reminder about how it feels to be sober.  I started drinking after decades of sobriety and even though it's only been 7 months it's grip on me is so tight.  And you're right it's just another voice in my head justifying why I deserve to drink just one more time.  It's not the only voice in my head.  There is one that is still saying 'Thank goodness this is over I never need to drink again.'
Thanks for sharing!  I appreciate reading stories from people with all different amounts of sober time.  This was a beautiful one.
[deleted]
I am so happy for you!! .Wonderful decision for you and your entire family.  Your quitting had such a positive domino effect! Kudos to you on a job well done Mommy!
Thanks everyone :) 
**We care**. We'll talk about 15 years 15 months 15 weeks 15 days 15 hours... I've even talked about making it 15 minutes. And I'll always listen to stories about snuggling kids since mine were a big motivation for me too.
It's inspiring that by helping yourself you were able to help your parents and sister in addition to becoming a wonderful mother for your children. Your family is so lucky for the gifts you have brought them.
Well done. :)
Congratulations on being a sober parent for your kids. So huge I have much respect for you.  
I appreciate you sharing. And as a stranger I am still very proud for you. Thank you for doing what you have done.
Great post thank you...You and I quit around the same time.   Sadly my kids were several years old at the time so they had to spend quite awhile with a drunken Dad.   I wish to God I did not subject them to that...Keep feeding yourself healthy things in life.  You want to replace the drunken disastrous "fun" with actual life-affirming things.   Don't slide into boredom or otherwise ignore yourself.   Enjoy!
Thanks for sharing!.
Thank you for this.  I needed it.  You have no idea how much your story helps us
Really beautiful. Thank you for sharing! 
I'm really glad this post helped people. I'm sad I wasn't braver in sharing my thoughts and feelings sooner. Now I know I don't have to keep going at it alone. Definitely didn't expect so much love and support :) 
