-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zjjav/lost_the_desire_to_be_sober/

I just got dumped by my girlfriend and I'm having a hard time with wanting to get fucked up. I stayed with her through a suicide attempt countless times of her being needing everything I could give. And she decided to take the easy way out right when I was struggling the most with my depression and anxiety. I really want to end it all and drink or kill my self tonight. After 10 months sober I'm right back to this feeling of day 1.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel for you.  You're not alone here.  I've struggled with depression in the past and know how tough it can be.  Alcohol is a depressant and I'm sure you know it will only make it worse.  
I'm sorry. I've had both of those feelings myself. ..If you're looking for someone to talk to right now and you are in the US call the National Suicide Prevention Line: 1 (800) 273-8255. If you aren't in the US I'm sure there's something similar where you are...Make sure you come back. We need to listen. You are not alone.
Stay sober! 
I've been suicidal and I even had suicidal thoughts in the first two years of my return from relapse in 2009 with what in my mind seemed like good reason--but I did not.  I chose each day to do one more day sober.  I'm now in my 7th calendar year of sobriety and I could not be more happy.  I did not take a permanent solution to a temporary problem.  
Please google a local hotline for your area! There are plenty of people who know exactly what you're dealing with and how to bring you back to a place where you can think rationally...If that doesn't work please go to the hospital. From what you're telling us this is a crisis worthy of help.
I just relapsed this weekend after almost 2 months of sobriety - the best advice I can give you is that you do not know how it feels to be "back at day 1" until you've drank again. Don't do it it's not worth it. You'll feel so much worse than you do right now because of how disappointed you'll be in yourself. You've forgotten how disgustingly sick hangovers made you feel ... I can't even begin to describe it felt like I was in hell. I thought I was going to die. Don't put yourself through that. Please seek help through something other than alcohol. 
Hi JosieP1992! I went through some tough times early on--things weren't working out with the significant other family issues etc. I truly feel for you and I know the feeling and desire just to forget everything and tie one on. It is so easy to obtain temporary relief by getting shit-faced drunk. ..What has really helped me in my sobriety is the knowledge that alcohol will never ever solve any of my problems. Alcohol may provide a band-aide for a few short hours but it will never be the solution. I wake up in the morning and the problem remains--nothing has been achieved and now I am hung-over as death. When things got really tough for me I would sit on my couch and repeat it: "alcohol will never solve my problems."..I truly hope this helps you; it is certainly something that has helped me. Stay strong! I'll tell you what--I won't drink today if you don't. We're not guaranteeing tomorrow but just today! Deal?
