-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zl0pd/three_years/

I hit three years sober on Saturday...I absolutely cannot believe I've made it this far. I decided to stop drinking on a whim back in January 2013. For about two and a half years in my early 20s I was an active alcoholic. I was functional and managed to hide my addiction from my family and friends for over a year but it soon became obvious to those around me that I lose control when I drink. ..In January 2012 I went on a three-day bender. My parents figured out something was wrong when they talked to me on the phone. They drove to my city brought me home and made me dry out for a week. It was hell and I didn't sleep for three days due to the anxiety. I remained sober for three months after that incident but slowly I rationalized drinking as long as it was "moderate" aka not getting blackout drunk. I "drank moderately" for a year. At first everything was OK. I wasn't blacking out I thought I had figured out my limits. I had rules--like no drinking liquor just wine and beer. Slowly I started buying tiny bottles of liquor. Then pints then fifths then handles. ..I started to lose control again and things deteriorated quickly. Suddenly I was drinking in the morning again and drinking all day on weekends. I knew I was in trouble...On NYE 2012 I had plans to see a concert with my siblings. I was really excited because we rarely get to spend time together just the three of us. All day before the show I fretted about ruining the night with my drinking. I made this elaborate plan to pace myself. My sister had recently told me that if I mistreated her one more time while drunk she was going to cut me out of her life indefinitely...We went to the concert. I don't even remember the opening act. I ruined the night and destroyed my sister's trust. When I woke up the next morning something had changed. I was done. I hadn't made any plans to quit but I decided it was time to give sobriety a real shot. It started as a 30-day experiment. I wanted to take a break and see how my life would change. After those 30 days I didn't want to go back to drinking so I challenged myself to achieve 60 days sober then 90 then 6 months then a year...To be honest I never planned to remain sober when I quit. But sobriety was a real challenge and I love a good challenge. I wanted to see how far I could stretch this thing. I needed to know what I was capable of. I didn't discuss my addiction with people I know save for my closest friends and family. It's not common knowledge that I'm in recovery. I took this approach in part because I wanted the option to return to drinking without people judging me. For the first two years of sobriety I kept that option on the table--I kept the door just slightly cracked open to return to drinking...Something changed in year 3. I no longer wanted the option to return to drinking. I started telling people the truth. I realized that sobriety has done more for my self-worth than anything else in my entire life. It gives me a reason to respect myself. Whenever I start to tear myself down I can always think "I know I am strong and capable because I walked away from alcohol and I'm never going back." Through sobriety I show myself how strong I am every day. As cheesy as it sounds being sober has made me believe in myself again. I now know that I have an iron will and it can be applied to other pursuits beyond sobriety...A close friend recently provided a meaningful insight into my sobriety. Her daughter was born 5 days after I got sober. She tells me "when you're struggling look at a picture of Lily and remember you have been sober for as long as she has been alive. She's the physical manifestation of your strength and success." I want to be able to look at Lily for the rest of my life and realize damn I've been sober as long as she has been alive. I don't want to hit reset not ever. I like the story of my addiction--that I walked away from it on a whim and never looked back. I don't want a different story. I no longer think relapsing would be whatever. I get to decide how this story ends...I want to thank this community for all the support. I've only posted a few times but I've lurked here since I joined reddit and I visit this sub every day. I wish each one of you happiness and success in your recoveries. Here's to another year...
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome story and well written. I am saving this one. You are an inspiration. Thank you! 
Please submit this to the Saturday Share link.  Congratulations!
Congrats on three years!!!!  
Congrats good story.
Did your sister forgive you?
Amazing share. Thank you for posting and congratulations!
Congratulations that's huge!  I needed to read this and get a little increased motivation and commitment.  Thank you.
"I realized that sobriety has done more for my self-worth than anything else in my entire life. It gives me a reason to respect myself."..Love this comment. Very inspiring and very well said.
sounds like you have an awesome family.
Honestly this is very inspiring thank you! I do not find what you said cheesy at all. Even in 100 days I already have more confidence in myself than I ever remember having when I was drinking. Thanks again for sharing!
Thanks for sharing. Congratulations on getting where you are at. 
I've been drinking heavily for the last three years. I decided to stop drinking its only been four days and I've been going crazy for a drink. Are there any pointers to get your mind off of it? 
Great story and very inspiring. I am keeping the drinking door cracked still and hope that that door will close for me in time.
Brilliant.
Such a great post.
&gt; She tells me "when you're struggling look at a picture of Lily and remember you have been sober for as long as she has been alive. She's the physical manifestation of your strength and success."..What a beautiful thing.  Thanks so much for sharing your story!
congrats on 3 years!..&gt;To be honest I never planned to remain sober when I quit...Me too! I bet we are both glad we changed our minds!..&gt; I no longer wanted the option to return to drinking...Yeah I burned that bridge and gave it up for good. So surprised I had the strength to let it go.
Excellent post thanks for sharing. ..Great user name from a fellow Beavis and Butthead fan... Caaaa Caaaa! mkay
Awesome post. Congrats!
