-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zlk09/sharing_my_reason_for_being_here_day_1/

Today is the day. I have known for a while that I have a problematic relationship with alcohol (the devil usually tempts me in the form of wine but really anything available). I spent most of my day on this sub yesterday and thought I could do it - but I gave in and tried to have "one glass of wine" - which turned into a bottle and a half and I felt nothing (that empty numbness where you aren't sure if you should keep drinking to get really drunk or mercifully go to sleep). I thankfully stopped before finishing the whole second bottle and went looking for more. ..It was hard to admit to myself what a problem it had become because I haven't had any serious repercussions - no legal problems I have a good job and my friends only know how much I drink when it's "socially" acceptable to drink a lot. However I can't remember the last time I went a day/night without drinking and that's a very hard thing for me to admit. I worry about my health and where this cycle is taking me. ..For a while it was something I just did to unwind at night and while my partner at the time didn't drink much it never felt like a problem because I wasn't "alone" and he rarely commented on how much I consumed. Deep down I knew I was unhappy but I kept at it to mask and numb the unhappiness I was feeling. ..That relationship ended earlier this year and I began seeing an a great person who I was very happy with - who also has a problematic relationship with drinking. We had some much fun together but our fun always involved alcohol- but it never felt like a problem because we were just having fun together right? We had such a good time together - it wasn't about the alcohol but drinking was FUN again and my brain still connects the two in a way. The relationship ended and I have completely replaced that "fun" social loving time with drinking alone to just not feel the sadness over it of disliking my job of not liking where I am in life right now. ..Sometimes it's just at night I'll drink wine to relax and I congratulate myself in the morning if I kept it to under a bottle and  I feel well enough to go to work without a terrible hangover. But sometimes it's all all-day all-night affair (I'll just start with a little vodka in my juice to feel better...oh what's a few day beers to keep it going?...ok it's evening time for wine!).  It's now become such a vicious cycle drinking to feel better and the inevitable anxiety that follows only to countdown until I can have a drink to take the edge off. ..But I'm ready. I'm already grateful to this sub because I'm not ready to admit how bad I have gotten to family or friends but I am going to seek out sources of support as my head clears. It helps to read the struggles and successes of others so thank you all for sharing...I'm planning to be more active apply to new jobs do the things I used to enjoy that I haven't been able to concentrate on lately like reading cooking and meeting new people. You can't drive to take a long walk on the beach or meet up with a friend for dinner if you've been drinking since 10am. ..Thanks for reading my long rambling intro! ..I'm taking it one day at a time. .I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. I woke up today feeling a bit rough and under the weather  remembered this is what hangovers used to feel like. I don't miss them! I'm having a cup of tea in solidarity with you:) 
Your story sounds very familiar to me.  It is difficult when there is no "rock bottom" except worry for the future.  That's how I felt and what compelled me to stop.  One week in and I'm starting to feel like I really can do it this time.  Hang in there I know you can do it.
Welcome /u/TheChickenConspiracy to /r/stopdrinking -- at [the Baby Steps post I tell how I started stopping drinking.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  If you follow the link you'll also get some concrete directions for getting engaged with our community of fellow sobernauts.  Good luck to you.
hey bud welcome! You have my support and you also have SD. I've been trying to quit for at least 5 years now not drinking for weeks or months at a time. But whenever I go back I seem to ruin relationships by choosing my mistress alcohol over family and friends. So i can relate please hit me up if you need a sober friend!
I love reading about someone wanting to quit because they foresee tragedy ahead.  All the times I "quit" something always bad happened.  
This sounds very similar to my own situation. Earlier this week [I reflected on the early urges and my journey with recovery so far](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zanio/i_thought_starting_recovery_would_be_the/) which you might be interested in. You got this.
I could have written this myself - I drank heavily every night (usually alone at home) for the past year and a half waking up wondering WTF happened the previous night.  Every morning I promise I won't drink again and by the evening I find myself driving to the store to buy some wine.  For me the hardest part is when I am bored and lonely so I have set up a bunch of appointments and classes for the next several weeks to keep me busy.  This is going to be tough but I think we can do it!!
If we both stay sober we'll be sober twins :) Day 1 is almost over where I am here's to another day without alcohol tomorrow! We've got this!
Your story sounds so familiar and then on top of that I would moan to myself about why I had no friends had no motivation or energy life sucked etc etc - and have another drink.  ..Well I'm on my way from misery to happiness today - and wish you the same :)
Oh yeah that was me all the way but after a while I switched to rum  ( hey its cheaper and faster and efficient). Drink to sleep drink to wake up drink to feel ok drink to get thru work drink because I am off work drink to do chores and repeat. It has been 6 days and I have accomplished more than I have in 6 months lol. Despite having a cold and ear infection I feel better than I have in longer than I can remember and I cannot remember a day without drinking other than rehab in July. I remember that I use to have so much energy and be so spontaneous. I am remembering how much I enjoyed music and art and food OMG I can eat again lol...Congrats on making it thru the drinking rollercoaster with no hiccups I was fortunate that way too. Keep up the good work day 6 is even better than day 1 :D
