-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zlmi5/quick_name_5_good_things_about_yourself/

In the early days as I struggled hour by hour to not pick up a drink I found it far too easy to hate myself and forget I'm not only a bundle of regrets anger and guilt...So if you are struggling with these feelings post 5 nice things about yourself. FIND SOMETHING. In order to work on becoming a better person I first had to admit I was worth saving...My 5 things today:...1.  I'm supportive to friends family and those in addiction recovery in need to the best of my ability...2.  I am a loving caregiver to the ill and suffering and a better wife to my husband through  all our struggles...3.  I take great care of my spoiled dogs love animals and support rescues...4.  I have a powerful calling to work with cancer awareness fundraising and helping the families of cancer patients through the struggle of caregiving...5.  I have pretty wild red ombre hair. ..Ok...that was harder than it should have been. Your turn...now GO!
----------immediate responses--------

Super funny..Good father..Excellent singer..Good husband..Great cook 
I am a fun and loving mommy..I care deeply for others..I am funny and enjoy making others laugh..I have pretty emerald green eyes ..I am a survivor!!!!
1. Smart..2. Good sense of humor..3. Well-read..4. Heard nearly every damn genre of music since 1954..5. I care about my friends and family even all of you.
I have a nice smile..I'm an extremely talented classical pianist..I've been told I'm great at listening to others and providing good advice for people's problems..I'm a good friend..I'm good at math (nerd at heart).
Doing well at uni...I'm passionate about my career path...Like /u/gratefulgirl I also have pretty eyes that I quite like! ..A good friend. ..Gotta' a lotta' gumption like everyone else on this sub!.
* Supportive friend and daughter.* I'm adventurous and fun to be with.* I'm always striving to be a better person .* I'm compassionate and very loving towards animals.* I like to get my friends out to play and have fun with me..Phew hard not to feel like a braggart. Good one Mouse.
&gt; In order to work on becoming a better person I first had to admit I was worth saving...THIS... is a great point. I am facing this right now! Thank you for putting it into words..    .1. I am a thoughtful person.     .2. I have the desire to love myself and care for others.     .3. I have seen the value of frugality and minimalism in my .         life and I strive to live well with less and better stuff. Part .         of this is environmental awareness and the other part is.         self-awareness and the genuine feeling of fulfillment..     .4. I have a good relationship with my family. It could be better.         as I am sure many can relate to but it could be a whole lot .         worse too... I am actively working towards making this .         important relationship better. I didn't realize how important .         family was until I didn't have many friends left. I neglected .         my family and cut them out of my life for a long time for.         no good reason....     .5. I'm not a drunk anymore. I may always be an alcoholic .         but I'm not a drunk anymore...Ok... I agree! That was much harder than it should have been but the last one was a no brainer!      .
I have empathy for others...I am curious about things.  I have an inquiring mind...I love my children...I am showing determination and bravery in living my current less-than-comfortable life situation. ..I am funny- when not depressed anyway.  .
1.  I'm smart.2.  I'm a good librarian and I can recommend books like no one's business.3.  I care a lot about my friends and make sure to check-in on my friends who are going through a hard time.4.  I'm a good cook.5.  I can knit just about anything!
1. I'm a hard working student. .2. I'm a good and dependable tutor.3. I am a thoughtful step-parebt.4. I am a loving partner.5. I am intelligent 
* Empathic.* Tall.* Human-like (ish).* Wise.* Wise ass
1)I am at least half as smart as I think...2) Being around me will [improve your taste in music](https://youtu.be/XkcGuZHPbKk).My collection is probably of u/coolcrosby proportions..3) I can fix and make things. (and sometimes do)..4) I can get a laugh out of most people...5) I am quite often kind and helpful (and am trying hard to be more so)
Funny.Caring.Talented Musician.Driven/Mega Ambitious.Hard Worker...These are things others have shared about me most consistently. It's nice to start to feel those traits come back into my system after sobriety. 
* Reliable; When I make commitments I keep them.* Lighthearted.* Optimistic (Never would have considered using this word to describe myself when I was drinking).* Creative.* Kind
I'm good company ..I'm interested in people stuff whatever...I'm creative..I'm getting good at caring..I can be hard working..I'm really good at my numbers
Very good at my job..Loyal to my friends..Enthusiastic about anything and everything..Good at cooking and baking..Athletic despite everything I've thrown at my body!...This was harder than I thought! I'm looking forward to getting to spend time improving these traits now I'm not half drunk half dead all the time.
1. I am a loving patient and predictable mother...2.  I am kind...3.  I am loyal...4.  I have been told I am easy to talk to...5.  I can play a mean game of chess ..Ug.  That made my palms sweat Mouse!  Thanks.  ;-).
I love my kids and they know it;..I make sure my house is recycling as much as possible ..I floss every night on the regular..Really really ridiculously good baker..I work hard to keep up to date on research in my field while I'm here in babyland
I make people laugh (in a good way!)..I enjoy helping others and am patient while doing so...I work with learning disabled teenagers and am passionate about my job having good rapport with the kids their parents and my colleagues...I'm a good singer...I'm great at solving puzzles and playing word games...
1. I'm trying to be a better person by working a program of recovery daily..1. I'm meditating every day to make myself more relaxed and less hostile to others..1. I'm doing the next right thing (most of the time) instead of endlessly putting things off. .1. I'm present and loving for my family instead of checked out and detached. .1. I'm not being a jerk all the time..
1. I'm kind to others..2. I'm a good partner..3. I'm easy to talk to..4. I'm a dedicated student..5. I'm a (sort of still learning) good cook
Ugh fuck off. You know I had a job interview and they asked exactly this? 5 things is alot to come up with on the spot! Needles to say I did not get the job... Anyway.   ..1. I'm an inherent people pleaser .2. I make a bitching cheesecake. You'll switch religions it's so good.   .3. You have a browser in need of crashing call me over I can write a while loop that'd short circuit Skynet.  .4. I can fall asleep in minutes anywhere. Im an excellent napper.  .5. I have endless amounts of empathy and compassion. 
1. I like lists..2. I've been sober for almost 4 years now..3. Got a pretty good sense of humour..4. Punctuality is a virtue..5. I can't dance and I'm ok with that.
I can be an awesome dad and husband..I can still outrun/swim/climb/ruck the twenty-somethings in my unit..I've been told I can draw pretty good..I care deeply about the people in my life..I have all the funny stories
