-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3zrvuk/depression_and_alcoholism_help/

I struggle with major depression and bi polar disorder drinking has always been my go to when it came to having episodes it helped me relax and forget about whatever problems I was having at the moment.   And then when I woke up the next day I was more depressed irritable and rid'n with anxiety which only caused a cycle as long as I drank I was happy.  I literally would count down the minutes until I was in the clear for a drink.  ..Today is my first day completely sober and even though today is going pretty easy I know that in a couple days I'm going to start feeling the mood swings and irritation.  ..Does anyone else struggle with the same withdrawal symptoms?  If so do you have any suggestions on how to calm the irritation and depression?  .I already take buspar and trazadone for anxiety and depression so I am looking for other ways besides medicine to keep my mind calm...Thank you all so much for all the support!..
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol and depression went hand in hand for me. In hindsight I know the booze did nothing for me except let me temporarily ignore my problems. ..In my experience getting some counseling and making the decision to quit were the big steps toward some continuous sobriety. ..One thing I'd recommend is meditation for staying calm and helping get your head right. That and doing things you enjoy. A buddy of mine told me to find something I like more than being drunk. In hindsight it was some really good advice. ..This is a good group to share with and learn from. I really hope the best for you. 
I found that exercise helps a great deal with anxiety and depression. Even a simple walk outside is calming. ..If you think you will have serious withdrawal symptoms medical advice is best. 
Unfortunately the first few days made my anxiety go through he roof. After a few sober weeks my meds really helped me level off. I'm currently taking a low dose SSRI and some herbal remedies. I'm not 100% but I'm pretty positive most of the time. It's also allowed me to leave the work of stress at work. I have an incredibly high stress yet rewarding job. Not drinking allows me to head in each day with a clear head and positive goals.
Thank you guys for the replies and advice it is greatly appreciated! 
Exercise meditation and a daily ritual. I think the last was extremely important. Someone close to me is bipolar - I remember visiting them during in patient treatment following their second suicide attempt. We were chatting about what it was like there and they mentioned that one of the goals was to help people start regimenting their days. I can kind of see that it my own life. There's something calming and self-collecting about knowing how your day will unfold. It's in stark contrast to the more wandering sort of life I lead earlier where work was pretty much the only thing the same between two days. ..Idle hands are the devil's playground type thing maybe? 
