-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/400rbp/what_does_it_mean_to_be_italian_and_struggling/

I'm italian and i live in Italy. In our culture it's perfectly normal to drink wine and bear over the meal that is dinner or launch. .Regarding some statistics italy have low rate of alcoholics comparing with Nord Europe United States or other countries. .And i think it' true... but...  it was hard for me to realize a alcohol addiction in this context. .I really like to drink alone. When i'm consuming some meal when i'm with my friend i've no problem to stay in boundaries just one beer just one or two glass of wine. But when i'm alone at home while my wife is watching tv and my daughter sleep i found myself drinking as much bear and wine I can..I don't know why exactly. I wanted only to unplug my mind from stress to not overthink about all the sphere of my life. Then i've started to drink all over the day in my holidays when i'm alone. I've starting chasing days like that. I don'like superalcoholics so i drink only beer and wine..I'm gaining weight i'm irritating and annoying.. but worse the apathy has prevailed over me. I'm really wasting my full potential..I knew i want to go out and do some running i want to read books learn new things have a better relationship with Jesus. Invest myself more in friendship and helping the others..But over and over there again drinking alone...That's why 2 days ago i've made disappear alcohol from my home. I don't want it in my house anymore. I don't want to drink alone anymore. I want to invest that time reading books learn something new making exercise. I want to get in perfect shape...Yesterday i've found this sub. And it's helping me a lot convincing more and more that i'me in the right way...Thank God for this sub. Thank you /r/stopdrinking..greetings from Italy.
----------immediate responses--------

Ben arrivata! If you want to stop you've come to the right place. [Grab a badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) and stick around...In the US we have flavored soda waters that I use to keep from drinking out of habit. There are many brands but the most common is LaCroix. I like them better than sweet sodas because they don't have sugar...Make it through today. Tomorrow you can worry about tomorrow.
Welcome /u/f0r4. Thanks for sharing. ..Since I stopped drinking I have become so much more active in my own life. Activities aside I've also become more present within myself - getting to know myself and experience life in subtle ways I didn't even know I was missing...I'm so glad you found us. I look forward to reading more about your journey
Welcome from Canada! There are people from all over the world here all with similiar problems. It doesn't matter what statistics say if you know you have a problem that is all that matters. ..Congratulations on starting to take care of yourself. Please keep posting there are many people here who care about you.
I love Italy I lived in Rome for a year. I often joke that Europe is a really terrific place for alcoholics like me; nobody bats an eye if you split a bottle of wine at lunch. The drinking culture is everywhere but agreed it seems that there aren't as many problem drinkers there. But that doesn't mean there are none! Welcome...auguri on deciding to quit we are pulling for you!
There are AA meetings in Italy [listed here](http://alcoholics-anonymous.eu/index.php/meetings/) if you're interested in that sort of thing.
I have realized for a long time that drinking is different to me than it is to others. Although there was a time where I could go out to eat with friends and have a beer without it being a problem I have always had a problem with drinking alone. I originally thought it was because it was a habit I picked up since I first really started drinking hard alone. For me what happened is I could control myself around others if I needed to most of the time. Then when I moved back home after school and started my first job I found an increase of stress. I would drink hard for many reasons but mostly to unplug my mind. I did this for roughly two years with my tolerance steadily increasing. I no longer have control over how much I drink and experience withdrawal when I stop. From my experience drinking as much as you can while alone and chasing days with drinking benders is bad news. I really hope you stick with this sub and give not drinking a try. I do believe once you take a break from drinking you can start working towards your full potential. I know I still have a long ways to go to reach mine but I am starting to see life in a whole new meaningful way. I wish you the best!
Thanks for posting!  Sounds like you have a lot to fight for stay strong.  I've been knee deep in a circle of people that are heavy drinkers for 15+ years.  Drink at every meal drink at parties drink when the sun is out drink to have a good time.. Not easy but the longer you stay dry the easier it gets as you build your life around not sabotaging yourself.  Take care!  
Whenever I face justifications that there may be something good about drinking be it a culture or history or what not I try to shift the focus to one day at a time. Just don't drink today. ..Also from your post it seems you have high expectations from yourself like perfect shape etc. I would say take one thing at a time. 
welcome!
Bravissimo! I'm so happy you discovered this site it has been a life saver for myself and others. ..I lived in Italy for many years and became a real alcoholic there although I didn't realize it at the time because it is so socially acceptable to drink wine at all hours of the day. Other people noticed though; I drank more than most everyone else and would continue drinking amaro long after the meal ended which would effect me like jaeger (ie. no good).  ..It's sounds like you've made a great start by taking positive steps. I have faith that you can do this! In bocca al lupo! 
I live in America. But I grew up with Italian grandparents who kept the culture of wine with every meal. I often had wine as a small child. I never would have classified my grandparents as alcoholics even tho they drank daily. Like you said it was one or two drinks with dinner/lunch etc... I dont' know what inside me made me so different from them. 
Felice che tu sia qui /u/f0r4!..It's a struggle but the kind people of /r/stopdrinking help me get through one day at a time. 
&gt; I'm really wasting my full potential...This is exactly why I decided to quit drinking too. Hope to see you around :)
Hello from California.  We have a similar drinking pattern liking to drink alone.  I would hangout in a home office downstairs that my husband rarely entered in the evening.  I too seem to have control over my drinking if I am with others.  One glass of whatever and that's that. I don't want to be drunk in public but home is just fine or was.  I grew to love having people around so i would drink less.  What a jackass way to approach sobriety!  Only about 8 days at SD and already I'learning so much about myself and how to restart my life without alcohol.
