-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/401ays/day_three/

I found this place through Google- it said a support group in your pocket. After reading all the posts and seeing people mention The Washington Post article I went and read the article. I'm glad I found this place. I've been struggling to come to terms with my drinking problem (wine every night.) I kept telling myself it's just wine...but then I would wake up sick every morning. Not fun at All Especially getting myself and kids ready for work and school. So I made the decision to stop. I've done it before but always came back on Fridays always explaining to myself "it's friday and just have one glass" but one glass always turned to a bottle. So this time I'm doing this and I Like will not talk myself in to the "just one glass" Any positive vibes and advice is appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

*sends positive vibes*..:)
Welcome!  You have come to a very special place for support. There is a daily check in find the link on the sidebar and commit to staying sober the next 24 hours. One day at a time new friend. 
Welcome /u/Olove12 to r/stopdrinking.  I love your mantra.  Mine is:  I will not drink TODAY no matter what happens good or bad.  It's part of my [Baby Steps post at this link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  The Baby Steps are how I started stopping.  Good luck to you!
++++++vibes :)
Good for you for standing up and acknowledging a difficult characteristic in yourself. As you'll find reading here you are definitely not alone and nothing about your alcohol problem makes you bad or different...The "Just One Glass" argument is something I still find creeping into my brain almost every day thinking that I can just take what I have learned and try to drink "properly." The experiences of so many others I've met spoken to and read about though indicates that the odds are more likely that I'll be back in the same old ways in no time. Stay strong. The first three days aren't easy so don't lost sight of all that you've been able to accomplish already!
Positive vibes coming your way! ..&gt;This time I'm doing this. ..We'll do it with you! Keep coming back &amp; let us know how it's going. 
Good work and congrats on day 3! And positive vibes coming your way!!
Sending good vibes! Day 4 here ideas are clearer!
hang in there! SD is with you everywhere you go! Here for you!
It is a lot easier to get the kids ready without a throbbing head.  I'm with you on this and I wish the best for you!  
Welcome!  I'm early in my sober journey too and this is a great place to be.  Reach out for help or support and you'll find it.  Happy Friday!
[deleted]
I am in the same place... Day 3 with no wine....not sure how this crept up on me but steadily having wine almost every night.  1 becomes 4 before I now it. So far mornings have still been tough. I am waking up still feeling like I have a hangover. Is that normal? .
Your story is familiar to me - especially the "Friday night" part - push on through and you'll have a great Saturday!
congrats on making it that far! the first day was the hardest for me because i really struggled with what i thought was preventing myself from doing something that i enjoyed forever. breaking it down day by day has helped me find all the other stuff i actually enjoy much more. ha. good luck! right here with you. :)
Hi Olove12.I am in the same boat with just one more day sober..I have known for many years that alcohol was not the panacea I perceived it to be yet kept falling back in the same trap..Like you one of my main motivators is that I just didn't feel good. Alcohol was stealing my quality of life and I was leaving the door unlocked and welcoming the thief in almost every evening..For me at 54 years old with three kids 11 13 and 16 still at home (three others successfully fledged :) I truly began to feel that my selfish and self serving side was manifested through alcohol..Just four days in now I already see improvement in my desire to interact with my lovely wife (who is still convinced I don't have a real problem) and my youngest children. .I am proud of me and you should be too Sister. Stay on the good road. I don't know about you but as good as I am about getting out of the ditch it's not a pleasant place to be stuck..Bless you in your travels this day and each and every one to come..Charlie
Congrats on stopping.  Today is Friday... get one under your belt and next Friday will be easier...Ever asked yourself why you drink?
I always ask myself if 1 glass will satisfy me. The answer is always no. I tell myself 1 drink won't get me buzzed at least not very long so what's the point.
Story of my life! Welcome! I can't believe it's Friday and I'm not going to drink two bottles of wine tonight!
You sound similar to myself - one beer turned into a 6-pack every night. I would lamely attempt to quit during the week but it often didn't last. ..Keep it simple early on. The goal is really one-day or hour at a time. Your goal is to not drink today. Period. As I've said I have not clue what it's like to not drink for the rest of my life. That isn't my goal never was. My goal is to not drink today. And I won't...For many myself included removing the alcohol is not necessarily the hardest part. It's the self-searching and introspecting and finding something POSITIVE to replace the drinking with. AA works for some this sub alone works for some (me). Bottom line each journey to sobriety is unique - ..I won't drink today. ..Be well.
Welcome! My "just one glass" always became the bottle or the entire 6-pack.  It feels so good to wake up with a clear head and energy.  Hang in there.  We're here when you need us.
What you describe is something that I have heard a lot on this sub. One drink turns into more. That was definitely my experience! I would go to the liquor store and buy two ounces of vodka. Seriously. And return several times throughout the day sometimes buying a few ounces at a time sometimes half a mickey. Always smaller amounts because I thought I will just have this one. ..Personally I can't have just one. Abstaining is so much easier than trying to moderate. Moderation drove me crazy!..You might want to consider getting a badge I found it really helpful in quitting drinking myself.
[deleted]
Good deal! Same happens with me when I try quitting I end up making it to either to a weekend or going to my in-laws (they like to have fun). It really sucks but I am going to try to go without any tonight. My strategy has always been "focus on something else". This time I think I am going to just embrace the overall shitty feeling of it. Hopefully in a couple months time it will be gone! 
Welcome Olove! :)
