-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/401yvb/i_didnt_deserve_that_then_and_i_dont_deserve_it/

Completely separate from the daily physical torment I went through with alcohol I didn't deserve to hate myself by myself everyday for drinking.  For some reason it is hard to say this; but I have inherent self-worth as a human being independent of the way others feel about me.  I would not question that statement at all if anyone else made it.  It would be obvious.  At some point I made a deal with myself which I am now revoking.  The deal was this:  I will run my tank until I have nothing left to give as long as it is sufficient to justify my drinking.  I have run literal marathons that were easier than some of the days I put myself through just so that it would be okay for me to get drunk that night.  I can remember getting a stomach bug and trying not to throw up because that would be an admission that I was too sick to drink that day.  Practically every time I talk to a friend going through a struggle I say "take care of yourself".  I want to take my own advice.  I've got some family coming into town this weekend to stay at my place for my two-year old's birthday.  It's going to be stressful but in a good way.  They really are great.  But there will be drinking.  I ran this morning and listened to recovery podcasts then I meditated.  My sister who is coming is not drinking and we are stocked up on juice and soda.  I'm posting here now and for the first time in a while I feel good.  Good in an honest way.  Thank you to everybody who reads this.  I've already checked in but just to reiterate I'm not drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

This is a beautiful post
I also have a two year old and two older kids.  We have to do this for ourselves and them.  They need us!  Stay strong and have a great weekend.
Great post. I find a great first step to success in anything is talking kindly to myself. I am my own cheerleader sometimes when I look in the mirror I talk to that woman and I say "you are bloody gorgeous". (It works better if you imagine it with a British accent) And we laugh :) Have a wonderful weekend. 
LOVE
