-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/402mfp/feeling_emotionally_vulnerable_today/

I've been working on sobriety for a little over 30 days but I reset my counter earlier this week. Foolishly I thought I had learned what I needed to from the experience and bought a bottle of wine for myself promising to drink just one or two glasses like a "normal" person. Of course the bottle was empty before I went to bed...But that's just context not directly why I'm posting...***..I'm really struggling today feeling exceptionally emotionally vulnerable. This is an entirely new experience for me as someone who previously took pride in a stoic front often enabled by drinking. ..My chest aches and I've found myself on the verge of tears multiple times today. I want to hide from the world but I have work stuff that has to get done and kids to take care of after school. I don't necessarily want a drink; I just want the hurt to stop...How do you folks deal with the emotions you've been drowning for years?..***.A little more context just to get it off my chest.....My fiancee and her daughter moved out a couple weeks before Christmas after living together for just four months significantly due to my drinking. Things between us were getting a lot better around the holiday and my sobriety but then early last week she decided we needed to take a relationship break while remaining friends for the sake of our (non-joint) kids...Yesterday I stopped by her place briefly to share some stuff I've been thinking about and/or talking about with the therapist I've begun seeing. As I was leaving she said something she hasn't in a while - "I love you." Hearing those words made the rest of my day exceptionally happy. That night we planned an outing for the kids for Saturday that seemed idyllic and a return to something starting to resemble the family life we had just beginning to create...I should be ecstatic right? Instead I feel empty and aching. It doesn't make sense and I know I have some work to do to get to the bottom of it. In the meantime suggestions for dealing with feeling extremely vulnerable would be greatly appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back my friend.  
It's not what you did its what you do next. I have faith that you will overcome the urge.
The feelings in early sobriety! I never want to live through that again. I did a lot of journaling therapy meetings that I would just cry through like a crazy person and posting and reading on here. Nowadays I am engaging in a lot more exercise and just allowing myself to feel the waves of feelings without judgement. Being in touch with my feelings is a blessing but it also feels like a curse...I am glad you posted.
