-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/404ro8/from_100_days_back_to_0_oh_how_strange_life_can/

Hey r/stopdrinking..I've been meaning to do a check in for a while now I believe my last post was 30 (or 60?) days into my sobriety. Today I am on day 1 after a minor bender...I'd like to do a quick write up detailing my journey so far with sobriety mainly for my own sake but also to hopefully help anyone out who is looking to quit drinking...If you want to read about what led me to quit drinking feel free to check out my former posts but the gist is that I quit drinking back in September for roughly 100 days. I had my first drink in 100 days at my grandmothers birthday (of all places wtf?) and have spent about 11 days drinking on and off. ..This post may be a bit long but I'd like to start off with some of the benefits and goals I've accomplished during my streak of sobriety. Here is a brief list of what I noticed when I quit drinking and some things you may expect or if you have quit drinking some things you can identify with...- Zero hangovers. This takes getting used to. Most people who drink a lot schedule their lives around not only their drinking but also the mornings after. It was strange but also very rewarding waking up refreshed. I was not used to Saturday mornings feeling.. refreshed clear headed healthy. Honestly this was one of the best parts.  ..-More stable mood. I'm human I have lows highs and often even feel just 'mehh'. When I'm sober I feel pretty good all the time. Lows aren't as low. High's are higher than normal. This is not to say that quitting drinking will cure any depression or anxiety but inarguably helps. I was noticeably less anxious and less depressed when I was sober (2 issues I have dealt with since puberty and obviously attribute to my drinking habits). Once again I want to reinforce the fact that quitting drinking was not  a magic bullet for me or likely anyone. But it was tremendously helpful...- Weight loss fitness. I love going to the gym and even when drinking I had a pretty solid routine. Quitting drinking definitely was that extra little oomph that got me that much more in shape. I have worn the same belt for about 2 years. I've always been on the last or second to last notch. When I quit drinking after about 3 weeks I had to actually puncture a new notch. By the end of the 100 days I had 3 more notches total added to my belt. I lost about 8 pounds total. Not a dramatic weight loss obviously but pretty awesome considering I wasn't really changing my diet or habits...- I got better grades. At the height of my drinking I actually failed a class. Last semester I kicked ass...- On more than one occasion people told me I "looked better". At the risk of sounding vain people who knew I quit drinking but hadn't seen in a while said that I just simply looked better in the face. I noticed my skin being less finicky. ..All of that aside I was home for break from college and the prospect of easing back into drinking started to gnaw at me. I had some relationship troubles with an on again off again ex-gf. I had some motivation issues with my portfolio work. I hit a little snag in my gym routine. ..In short I hit one of life's many bumps in the road. I justified drinking again. My original plan was to quit drinking until I graduated and had a job (tentatively it was a permanent goal). I justified it in such a way that at my Grandma's 80th birthday party I had my first sip of booze in over 100 days. Things were fine at first. Over the next couple days I had a few drinks here and there. Things seemed ok. I was experimenting with drinking again...Last couple nights I've gone out and gotten completely bombed. Directly back to my old habits. Massive bar tabs. Black out drunks. Embarrassing myself. I'm ashamed of myself as I write this...But I'm 22. I went back into drinking with good intentions. I had just hit 100 days. I forgot how shitty drinking was. I fell back into the trap. But I'm aware. In some ways this experiment was a success. Yes I should not have gotten back into drinking. But how would I have known that. I was questioning myself. Could I be like all those normal moderate drinkers? Question answered. Nope. ..Me and alcohol just don't really work together. Not a huge loss to be honest. It is what it is. Now I know for sure no real sense trying to find out again...Either way. I just reset my badge and I'm going back to my old sober self. I missed it. I had a feeling in my gut the whole time that I started drinking again that it just wasn't gonna work. ..This time around I'm going to commit more to this subreddit as a lurker. Reading all your posts on a daily basis gives me SO much strength in my sobriety. It got me through the first two months. When I stopped reading this sub is when I started to slowly convincing myself I could drink again. It's amazing what a community like this does for those struggling. ..I want to quickly ask if there are any resources out there for online sponsorship. I am looking for a sponsor someone I can text/email etc. I was hoping someone can point me in the right direction for one if that is something that is even offered...Thank you r/stopdrinking and best of luck to everyone out there trying to quit.
----------immediate responses--------

I like your list of pros &amp; I think online sponsorship sounds awesome. I was thinking about looking into getting a sponsor that is in my area but I am unsure how to do and I am not in AA soooo I wasn't sure if that would work. Thanks for sharing
Thanks for the post bandito glad you're here.
Welcome back. As a fellow 22 year old I connect with you a lot. It can be uniquely hard in college. And as a human and member of SD I connect even more. I'm going through my own very difficult relationship issues with my own on again/off again ex-bf. Thank you for sharing your story and your struggle. If you have the strength to come back I have the strength not to drink today. Stay strong friend. Keep sharing. We're here for you
Welcome back. I loved reading through your benefits and I thank you for your honesty and contribution - it's a good reminder to be thankful for our sobriety. ..When I first started out I went through a few of these episodes. One I remember most clearly - I was approaching thirty days I was even sort of going to AA I had even connected with someone there who was staying in touch with me. I had a particularly volatile day and had a real itch to drink. I had a lot of back and forth about trying moderation and about how I could do it and even how I've earned it. ..During that monologue the AA guy texts me. I remember staring at that text for a bit. Paced around some. Then I texted him back thanking him for his message and letting him know I was going to try moderation. I then proceeded to delete my SD account at the time. My moderation that night? A bottle of whiskey. ..This was back in Mayish. It was a hard journey back. Between May and end of August I think I managed another 20 some day streak. I had a bunch of false starts even making another account here and resetting on it several times. By the time the end of August rolled around I was experiencing DT like symptoms after my binges. Things got pretty bad. ..I guess I'm sharing because this reminded me a lot of that time and our places in life don't seem vastly distant. I'm really glad you're back and I'm hoping to see you around more! 
Thank you for sharing this. This helped me a lot. 
