-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/405om5/5_days_sober_but_struggling_with_the_suck/

I've made it 5 days sober which is a big deal for me. It's been a couple months or longer since I've been able to pull that off but I find myself thinking of booze a lot. I'm having cravings and thoughts like "how about a drink" shortly followed by "last time you drank you blacked out and were arrested." That's been keeping me in check so far...I'm doing my best to embrace the suck but it's hard man. It doesn't help that I'm home alone most of the time lately due to surgery recovery.. yet that didn't stop me going to a bar over five days ago. The thing is whenever I go out for a drink I never plan to do stupid shit. Stupid shit sometimes follows. One drink leads to two and so on and so forth and before I know it I'm impulsive and make dumb decisions. Right now I'm trying to make better use of my time which is hard but I have made progress in the last five days so that's something. ..I'm so reluctant to try AA again I hate the hand holding the chanting of the steps the god-talk. I wish I could just listen others talk about their struggles while being left alone. Last time I went many months ago I got a sponsor and we prayed (which is something I just don't care to do). We started the steps and I avoided doing them because I struggle with admitting I'm powerless. Not drinking for five days alone in my apartment took willpower. As long as I don't drink I feel some power it's just the moment I do drink I lose it. I feel like I have to go to AA on their terms rather than my own and I don't like that. That's why I like this sub-reddit so much. I can just be myself and go at it on my own pace. I much rather prefer to read other peoples stories than tell me own but tonight I felt the need to get this out...I know I can't do this alone and I know I need to make difficult changes in my life to keep myself from drinking. I guess I'll take it one day at a time as everyone says and embrace the suck a bit harder. That's a start.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I wish I could just listen others talk about their struggles while being left alone...Honest question: why don't you then?
Not all AA meetings are the same also look into other programs in your area. I found in the very small very ultra religious area I was in the people continually rubbed me the wrong way. I stayed with it for a year because it was my only option. I had major life changing things used them as an excuse to start drinking. Fast forward 2 years. New home in a larger area many more options for groups to attend and I am overwhelming here and reading the literature of other groups and doing there exersizes and meditations in my own time with some group interaction.
Some folks seem to need to view AA as a mystical thing. Since they think it's magical they are afraid to mess with any of it at all...I'm the type that needs to understand why I'm doing something. A lot of AA makes real sense and fits nicely with my DBT/CBT therapy. That's the part I cling to. ..Some folks seem to like the rote repetition of How it Works prayers etc. I just use the time to reflect on other things.
