-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/407v94/anyone_else_deal_with_agoraphobia/

I was already going down the agoraphobia path when I was drinking but the isolation I needed to remain sober has kinda pushed me off the deep end. I'm seeking professional help but I was wondering if anyone else here has dealt with this. It's almost impossible for me to go anywhere that isn't work the grocery store or the laundromat and even those are a struggle some times.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes definitely. I go to AA meetings and I kinda have to force myself to go outside and ride my bike (for example) but most of the time I just feel like laying in bed or just staying in. Idk if that will ever change and if it does to what degree. Anyway just wanted to let you know you're not alone
I was well into that as well. My folks pushed me to go back to school and without that I'd be much worse off. Seeing a psych has helped a lot and regular counseling through the college. 
I really still feel this way sometimes.  In fact the idea of going to a shopping mall for holiday shopping was worst for me than the idea of going to see a dentist.
I rarely if ever leave my apartment. I have no motivation to do anything and I feel miserable. I don't know if that's agoraphobia but I hate it.
Yes. Oh gosh yes. I have found that small AA meetings helped in terms of a support group- they averaged 6-12 people were way better than big ones or speaker meetings..I've also found going places early before they're full..It took me a long time to find good meds that helped and unfortunately a lot of antidepressants really exacerbated my anxiety. So it's worth talking to doctors about. 
That's funny those are the only places I leave the house for on a regular basis. I try to make plans to attend a movie or attend some social activity but I almost always end up staying home. When I was still drinking I didn't go out because I needed to drink and I didn't want o drive. Now I don't go out because of the anxiety. I am hoping the anxiety lessens over time so that I can begin taking steps at socializing. 
It was crucial to my sanity and sobriety to keep up with my medical care in addition to AA.  ..In my case the severe isolation and anxiety issues were exacerbated by the alcohol even though when I was drinking I felt like I was taking that drink to reduce my anxiety.  During the months after getting sober it got kind of scary for me the way my anxiety and depression were affected by my body's reaction to being without my drug...Counterintuitively I force myself to do something with people every week and it helps (usually just a small group of friends).  It also helps me keep the rest of my brain in check because my depression and anxiety just like my addiction is a lot about not necessarily being able to trust the story my brain comes up with the first time around.  Having people to bounce ideas off of is very helpful to keeping a good grasp on things.
if you mean trying to be more social yes. I'm literally at a loss of where to meet mostly sober people in the evenings outside meetings with AA zombies. So I stay inside listen to libertarians on youtube and drink red bull. I hate it I was much more akin to talking to people in a bar setting and more outgoing. ..i saw a counselor for a little bit but it feels like I'm paying 20 dollars a session just to have a personal cheerleader for an hour every week and for them to just nod their head saying mmmhmm that's interesting. ..
Yes I feel your pain. For me going to AA meetings helped me cope with both my crippling alcoholism and agoraphobia. I still get anxiety ridden about leaving the home or my comfort zone some days .When I drank I was terrified to leave my home. I made my agorophobia second in charge  alcohol was first. I am not healed. I have a disease complicated by another. After quitting drinking I needed to learn coping skills to help me with my agorophobia. It gets easier with time. As long as you don't drink you cant make it worse because one thing is clear alcohol will make it worse.
[deleted]
Yes Ive been trying to deal with this for a long time now. I literally have to force myself outside some days as I work from home I can go days without leaving my apartment sometimes. Since joining the gym I go there 6 time per week but I drive straight there and back. Just going out to the supermarket sends me into a panic sometimes. Im going to see a doctor about it and my anxiety/depression soon. 
