-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40aife/new_sobriety_date/

My name is Simon I'm an alcoholic...2016.01.09..I guess this is my new sobriety date. I was telling a friend earlier how frustrating it is that I should be coming up on 17 months of sobriety but instead I'm celebrating one day. But think of how significant it is. One day. One rotation of the earth without a drink a drug or self-harm. I never thought relapse would be part of my story. I really never thought that cutting would be part of my story. Hopefully this will be the first and last time it makes an appearance...So I had a beer about a month ago a few more after that but I don't think that's where the spiral started. It started when I walked away from AA a few months ago thinking that now that I had a year I probably had my drinking under control. I may have had the drinking portion of my illness under control but my emotional sobriety and my spiritual health were (and still are) very damaged and underdeveloped. I started to seek out and embrace the darkness that I felt starting to manifest and seep out through the cracks in my skin. I started pulling away from the people who care and isolating myself with only my thoughts which are rarely to be trusted...There were a couple factors that exacerbated my demise in this situation. I've been on antidepressants and I think that blocked some of the feelings of sadness guilt and disappointment that I should have been feeling after the alcohol relapse and starting to smoke pot. It took the act of physically self-inflicting injury upon my body to finally feel that knot in my stomach the feeling of guilt and fear  And that's when I knew I had to go back to the rooms..So I'm thankful for my first day returning to sobriety and for my sponsor who welcomes me with open arms. I'm thankful to live in city with hundreds of meetings at all times of the day and night. I'm thankful for my therapist and psychiatrist and thankful for you for reading this. I know this time around that I have to take it piecemeal and focus on the twenty-four hours ahead and that's what I intend to do.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm thankful you shared your thoughts and experiences.  It's important for me to hear stories like this and take them to heart.  Welcome back.  It's good you made because not everyone does.
Any day without a drink is a magnificent day! Congrats xx
Any day without a drink is a magnificent day! Congrats xx
Welcome back! I know my mind is a dangerous place for me to be. I have to really work hard to stay out of it.
Thank you for sharing this it's a chilling reminder for me to keep doing what I'm doing.
