-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40bjxt/i_struggled_last_night/

I was with my childhood best friends playing video games till late in the night just like when we were kids. I rarely see them so when I do I let myself devolve a little...I got my buddy a hard cider downstairs and thought for a second he'll give me a sip if I ask him. What harm could one sip do?..The moment passed but it was a real struggle...Posting here for accountability. One day at a time. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks /u/darth_bane1988. Glad you're here!
Well done for dodging the bullett. Next time it will be a fraction easier!
Dude I know what you are talking about. For me big events like New Years or Christmas aren't that hard to get through without drinking. Something about being able to prepare for them and that they pass quickly. What really scares me is those times that you don't prepare for that feel so innocent: hanging out with an old friend by the pond playing video games watching a movie home alone. Those are the times when I really struggle. 
Yeah I really avoid dispensing booze.  It's inconsistent with my sobriety.  
I get that fleeting inner voice occasionally my alcoholic voice is real sneaky. I dismiss the idea as madness my decision is already made not to drink not even a sip.
Thankfully you came here to tell us about it. 
Man sorry to hear that. My biggest fear is that the the strong resolve I have right now and the unprecedented (for me) ease of this streak I'm on will get derailed one day by a momentary lapse of reason. You've got a hell of a day count something to be very proud of. So glad to hear you didn't cave in to the alky brain. Gives us all hope that we can do it too.
Thank you for this darth_bane!! It serves as a great reminder that we always need to be vigilant. So glad you came out the other side of this unscathed x
You aren't alone! Last night I was driving home from a tough loss (basketball coach checking in) and I actually pulled in to the grocery store out of habit. Sat in my car for a couple minutes debating going in to get something for dinner because I knew I'd buy beer. Wound up realizing I had leftovers at home and getting out of that parking lot as quickly as I could. ..One day at a time!
Those moments are chilling. We know better but those thoughts still come. I'm glad all ended well. When I start hearing those thoughts ping in I get a little more protective of myself: dry places more meetings etc.
I had this recently too different situation just going out to dinner and that thought got into my head... ..For me there's a difference between just thinking about it and that real like "I could seriously do this..." thought that's way harder to shake... I don't have the real serious thoughts often at all a handful of times at most i nthe last few months but it definitely throws you.
[deleted]
The temptation from within is always the hardest to beat. Glad you are here and made it through to today.
The old me would have wanted you to slip cos you got better numbers than me :) Isn't it lovely to have a craving in the rear view? I struggled like a bastard on holiday worst one yet kept telling myself it would pass. It did I grew and now it's just a distant anecdote. Congrats you have a shiny new tool in your kit DB :)
Last night I came home to an empty house my room mate and his relatives who arrived three days ago for a funeral had all left to the services. There was some pizza in the table some tasty Hawaiian shredded pork and rice AND two jugs of captain Morgan and a fifth of vodka on the counter. I was hungry tired and ready to collapse on the bed for a while. But instead of sitting and eating the yummy left overs with that vodka there calling to me I went to Best Buy to look at outrageously priced electronics and sent out a group text inviting some fellow alkies to go get some dinner. Everyone was already busy with plans so I had dinner alone at a buffet. Then I went home and slept. And I didn't drink that vodka.
