-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40hube/i_did_it/

7300 days as of yesterday.  If my badge disagrees it's because I got the date wrong when I "applied" for the badge.  Actual "birthday" was 01/10/96. ..Looking back I never would have thought I would have made it this far when I quit but I have to admit my journey in sobriety has been relatively easy.  I haven't had any desire at all to start again and I've been through a fair amount.  I moved halfway across the country when I was 6 months sober been laid off a couple of times and am currently separated going through a divorce.  Never once have I had to struggle to not drink.  I've been very lucky and I accept that...I was worried about getting past the 17 year mark as I had met a guy while I was in rehab who'd been dry for that long even managed a treatment clinic and he allowed himself to fall off the wagon.  I thought "if he couldn't do it how can I hope to?"  But I did;  I danced a jig when I hit 18 years.  ..Now it's 20 which I'm calling the payback time; I started drinking early in life so let's say I drank from 15 to 35.  I've now been sober from 35 to 55.  Woo-f'n-hoo!!!  ..Not that I'm going to use that as an excuse or think I'm actually "fixed".  Nope!  I've got no desire to drink to wake up feeling like crap even after a couple even if it didn't trigger me down the real bad road of morning drinking DTs and physical addiction.  My memory is still too sharp and I like myself the way I am now...I feel better and stronger than I have in pretty much my whole life.  I'm a musician and may be in the best band I've ever played with.  Even playing in bars and such is no big thing.  I did it I "got over it" and I am SO happy.  ..This is life...Anyone can do what I did.  Just stop.  Give up let go admit you have no power over it and stop.  "Just do it" meaning "decide you can't drink choose another path."  That is the one slogan that spoke to me.  It really isn't as hard as your mind tells you it is. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow 20 years is amazing. Great job!
Wow! I am in awe. Congrats on 2 decades of being good to yourself. I'm looking forward to getting 2 weeks but mostly looking forward to being sober today. We'll see what happens tomorrow because it's not promised.  
This is wonderful. Thank you for sharing this with us. 
I am proud of you that is so inspiring...HighFive!
Thanks for the good words!..I wanted to clarify something in case my original post came off a little too glib emphasising too much of the "it was easy!" part.  ..I was a bad bad drunk.  I lived my alcoholism much like a heroin addict would live their addiction.  I was drinking a quart of hard liquor a day all day every day had been on short term disability over it and was even sneaking it into work.  My doctor had given me 6 months to live if I kept on my current course.  "Alcoholic hepatitis" was the diagnosis...I really did spend 4 days in detox requiring drugs to knock down the DTs to the point my blood pressure would stabilize.  When I checked in my BAC was .375 and it was 10am.  They only let me out in 4 days because I promised to check right into a residential program when I got out.  They didn't even want me to be on my own for a night though I was.  I enrolled in a 28 day inpatient program but "got it" quickly and was able to "graduate" in 21 days.  I paid for that program out of pocket to the tune of almost $10K but it was worth it...I'm nothing special just a guy.  If I did it you can do.  If I was "worth it" so are you.  Like I said "Just do it."
thank you for sharing this with us. congratulations on a huge accomplishment! you are an inspiration!!! 
Congrats! This is amazing! I too started young - binge drinking and drugs started around 15 then at 25 the drugs stopped but everyday heavy drinking started. Now at 33 I am 10 days sober. It feels great. I'm looking forward to balancing  the books too. After realizing that I had been drunk or high for more years than I had been sober I'm looking forward to paying myself back for the stolen years.
Congratulations on 20 years!
I love it!  Soooo happy for you!!.. &gt;It really isn't as hard as your mind tells you it is...I totally believe this as long as I am aware enough of my thinking to see the holes in my "drunk logic".  And that's what recovery reading and meditation focus on for me...Thanks so much for sharing this with us.  I will celebrate by not drinking!
This is great.  Thank you for sharing.
awesome congrats
Great testimony for all of us to ingest...Thanks !
Powerful words thank you for sharing and congratulations on your fantastic achievement!!
Awesome. It is good for me who is "just starting out" to see the folks that have gone on to live happy healthy booze-free lives for so long.
Whoo Hooo! 20 years is awesome! This one goes to 11
20 years sober is hard to wrap my head around but then again 20 years of drinking seems 'normal' to me...which clearly points to my distorted thinking. I hope that in 20 years I will be in a similar position as you. Congrats OldMan here's to another 20!
Congratulations this is amazing!! 
Hallelujah  great post. I especially like the last line all it really takes is a shift in perception regarding the lie that alcohol is fun.
Brilliant post.
It's funny. I'm still on my first week. And every day there's a new reason to drink. On Saturday I drank because of this. On Sunday I drank because of that. And tonight I drank because of... And that why I'm here tonight holding to one day at a time...I came across your post and it's an inspiration. Thanks!
Congrats on 20 years none of them ruined by using alcohol! Really makes me glad I gave up alcohol!
Congratulations on twenty years you're a big inspiration!
Jesus Herbert Christ! That's like 80% of my life what an amazing accomplishment. Thank you for sharing your story and your success. ..Reading through it the most apparent thought I was having was - I still can't imagine staying sober that long. It's not that I have some desire I just have trouble believing it will happen. Twenty years is so damn long! 
Nice work. Congrats on 20 years! That's incredible. 
&gt;"decide you can't drink choose another path."..This second part of this has been so important to me in sustaining sobriety. I can't just not drink I have to keep trying to make my life better and work on the things I can control to stay sane. 
Proud and inspired by you!
