-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40iws9/relapse_on_horizon/

Hi good people. ..I have been struggling the last few days. My pattern of drinking escalating and then quitting and then relapsing has been going on for a while a now. The sick thing is that I have done it enough to know that once I get past the bad few days of first quitting I will be rewarded with feeling high on life. For a while. Then that fades. Then I typically relapse...The last few days life has felt overwhelming. I want to hide in bed. I want to feel better. Going on a bender and then the high of quitting is sounding appealing...My time spent on SD has convinced me there is no fucked up alcoholic thought I can have that hundreds of you haven't already had so I'm sure this way of thinking/being is nothing unique...I guess I'm hoping someone has some words of wisdom or advice for me...Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

If I go back out I may never find recovery again...This is part of what keeps me sober and pushing through anything and everything without drinking or using substances.
It's ok to have these feelings...I told myself I won't drink no matter what. Not giving in to the urges and time were the only two things that let me get past this phase and break out of the cycle. Things will get better if you stick with it. When I felt the way you're feeling I tried my best to have faith that sobriety *will* improve my life. All I had to do was keep going.
I went back out and it was only through some sort of miracle that I didn't kill myself (despite my best efforts) and that I got back.  Remember this is one day at a time.  We make a decision we doggedly persist we go to bed sober we repeat--and we have faith that it will get better and easier because it does because those who stuck it out promise us that it did for them.
I believe firmly that if I start drinking again all the misery will return multiplied. And I may not be fortunate enough to get a second chance. My healthy respect for and fear of alcohol is a blessing. ..I learned I could want to drink and not drink. I got professional help treatment AA whatever it took I did. Sobriety is precious.
i stopped smoking for nine months and one night i smoked.... it took me 2 years to stop for good.don't waste 43 days
I admire you. I can't wait until I have 43 days. You get to experience the high of quitting every day. You don't need the low to have that high. 
I found that I had to do more than just stop drinking to start to really feel better. I needed to start developing new coping strategies for life. What helped me tremendously was working the 12 steps of AA with a sponsor. I felt like I finally got the manual for life that I had always been missing! 
I know where you are at.  Or at least i think i do...Alcohol has always been a way to deal with unpleasantness. or to celebrate something good. Or to kill time when bored.  Basically for me at least it has been a way to avoid life/living.  Stopping drinking makes me feel good. I am healthier more energy more money feel good about myself no guilt.  But life is still there with its periods of emptiness meaninglessness and despair. Only now i dont have the option of drinking two bottles of wine to soften the blow. ..Not that i have any answers or advice. I guess it is just a part of quitting that i forgot i would have to deal with. My focus was on not drinking and i didnt consider all the shit i used to avoid through drinking but now have to face head on. I guess thats what life is. I am hoping that becoming more adept at dealing with the hard times will also translate into an ability to take more joy from the good times too. Now i can be more involved in my life and in the lives of the people i love instead of just fixating on alcohol. Thats gotta count for something.
If I quit now I will soon be back where I started...And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.
I been through the same shit over and over I can't face life like that anymore keep on going you CAN do it.
