-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40muua/one_week_feeling_a_bit_anxious/

I've done this before the week mark the two week mark even. Though I feel relieved to have some distance since my last evening of chugging IPA's and waking up with a hangover the fear that this is still just a make believe attempt yet again leaves me struggling to feel any real accomplishment. The past two nights in a row I have had these drinking dreams where I stay up all night on a bender. I keep trying to get home but end up all over town chugging and drinking with strangers I keep calling friends. I suppose that is my fear of going backwards swelling up in my mind at night. I still feel confident that I got a good length of days left with this motivation to say screw it to the booze. But will it last? Will I forever have to swim through the agony of my embarrassments and shame in order to ignite the daily motivation to continue? Today is easy enough I feel good about not drinking today and hell even for another week. But I feel like I'm just wading in the middle of the ocean and eventually probably my arms are going to give out. Maybe not though? Here's to the first week mark at least. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been exactly where you are multiple times. For me this time feels different and it's helping me to only think about not drinking today. Maybe someday down the road I will again. Who knows? But I'm getting stronger by the day and obsessing about booze less and less. I like where I am right now and resolved this morning that I won't drink today. Sounds like you're on a similar path. All the best to you..
I don't think about if i gonna last until i croak it i just think of making it through today if i thought long term it would put to much pressure on me.
It was only recently that I began to really sense and notice my anxiety. Accompanying that anxiety was anger fear paranoia. I thought to myself "that's not who you are that's not who you were." I'm coming to realize that alcohol is what brought these feelings into my life. It crept up on me that's for sure but I can see no other explanation for feeling this way...I'm learning that drinking alcohol is completely incompatible with the life I want to live and the goals I want to achieve. One of those goals is to get rid of this unfounded anxiety. If alcohol induces anxiety in me then it stands to reason that I should avoid it if I want to remove anxiety...It's tough at first when you first stop drinking but the anxiety begins to fade. For me at least. It's still there but it's going away. I'm laughing and smiling more just in a better more easy-going mood. The anger and fear are subsiding. And just noticing that has been enough to keep me on track.
Congrats on a week. That's awesome! :D ..I was told once "Don't sweat the small stuff". Just keep it simple and focus on today. The days add up pretty quickly. 
