-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40osg7/i_just_didnt_want_to_drink_anymore/

Has anyone else stopped drinking this way? One day I just didn't want to anymore. I kept drinking for a few months after that because I had been for so long and didn't know what else to do with myself but over the months I found other stuff I'd rather do and then....poof....I just stopped...I've started writing again taken up knitting watched tons of movies read some great books. It's been wonderful...I've been invited to the bar been given booze even had someone offer to pay for my drinks all night if I would go drinking with them but I just don't want to...I'm wondering if anyone has experience with this especially if anyone has had this happen only to have a devastating relapse into binge drinking a few weeks later (it's been a couple weeks I think)...I apologize if this comes off as a humblebrag or is inappropriate for the sub...I'm new...As an aside: I was definitely drinking way too much and way too frequently; it wasn't like I had a few glasses of wine on the weekends. We're talking 5+ 6. beers and 3+ shots a night four to five nights per week kind of drinking. I've been experiencing brain fog which is an indicator that I drank enough for my brain to have difficulty readjusting to sobriety so I definitely had a drinking problem...Any advice would be appreciated thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Yes I've had that experience several times.  For me it was always around a month before I drank again and it was always because I thought I could have my cake and eat it too.  That is I thought I could keep those wonderful feelings of not drinking but still have a drink "now and then."  This always led me back to heavier drinking.  Now I've taken the option to have another drink off the table and come here daily to remind myself why this is important to me (two main reasons: not drinking does indeed feel wonderful and there are potential consequences to getting drunk - legal health and relationship - that I don't want to deal with [again]).  That's not to say my experience will be your experience just that yes I know the place you are talking about.
That's great! I don't find this to be inappropriate at all. It does serve to contrast with my somewhat more tumultuous experience. The fact that you describe having "other things you'd rather do" shows me how bad I'd gotten. Good luck to you I hope you continue to feel wonderful. 
All I can say is iam finding it really easy but keeping my guard up cos that there alcohol sure is crafty.
My experience has been similar to yours.  I abused myself for a long time and could not find the will to stop.  Then out of nowhere I stopped and it wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.  I almost felt ashamed to post how easy it had been for me to stop when I knew others were suffering so badly...However this ease of stopping also happened last year and then I relapsed after the one month mark.  I guess I got cocky and let my alcoholic brain talk me back into drinking moderately which led me right back to binging.  This time I'm going to stay focused humble and vigilant.  I know how hard it was to take the first step and don't know if I have the strength to do it again so I'll keep working on my sobriety.
