-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40rowd/heres_where_it_usually_falls_apart/

Three weeks in and fully focused but just like every other time I've tried to stop I'm starting to get that inner voice trying to convince me that I don't actually have a problem.....an illness.  I can handle just drinking on weekends or at special events; I can handle drinking in moderation cause I'm so strong.  ..It's all BS and I know it.  This time around  my resolve is strong.  I'm not going to listen to the voice ( not a real voice I'm not going insane! I should name it though) trying to draw me back into the cycle...No needs to reply I just needed to share.  Thank you all for being here.  You keep me strong....Edit: Thank you everybody for the reassurance the recommendations (I do take them seriously) and for making me realize I'm not nuts or alone in this struggle.  And again thank you for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

I fucking hate that voice.  I used to listen to it all the time too...Hang in there friend.  
Good insight.  I used to have these sorts of plateaus and walls to achievement then I didn't.  Why?  My friend /u/offtherocks gave me the words for one of the ideas in the [many early versions of the Baby Steps post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) about the value of sticking-it-out through the tough days or moments--he called it the need for "dogged persistence."  That is how it worked for me.  What we find in ourselves when we doggedly persist beyond where we used to fail--is success.  
Certainly been there too. In fact its almost like i wrote this.  Ya sure i don't have a problem. I can be like everyone else and enjoy a few beers.  Its wrong but i am stronger because i have failed and i will not drink today
You should read Rational Recovery by Jack Trimpey I think he nails it about the voice which he refers to as The Beast a bit dramatic but we all hear it.
I just gave into this voice last weekend so good on you for calling it out &amp; staying strong! I started feeling amazing and getting into a great routine then out came the "you can definitely handle some wine at dinner!". could barely get out of bed on monday so the voice obviously wasn't right. Thanks for sharing - it helps to know you can identify it.
Yeah the voice... just tonight and it'll be ok! Not!.No way I'm listening to it again either!  :) Grats on 23 days!
I've given in to that voice the past four or so times I've tried to quit. Not this time. He's Odysseus tied to the mast screaming saying anything to be allowed to swim to the Sirens. I'm at the oars with wax in my ears steadily rowing forward.
As far as the voice I will relay something I learned from others I find helpful...It's natural and probably will never entirely go away.  It's one voice on a committee (sometimes called the itty bitty shitty committee).  ..That voice has a right to say something just like at a city council meeting (which is what I envision at times).  Let it speak.  Acknowledge what it says.  Say thank you and then tell it that since it has been heard its time is over for now.  
The voice eventually convinces me that every occasion is a special occasion. Happens every time I let it get me started. So I'm not letting it through this time. I'm keeping it very small confined and powerless in the back of my mind
Ah yes that one. It tells me that so far it has been so easy. That it is self imposed sobriety and I can control it for sure. What doesn't help for me is that my own doctor tells me that since I've made my own conscious choice to stop it isn't all that bad. Thanks doctor... Dogged persistence it is thanks for sharing. It reminds me of my situation. 
great now I wanna name mine lol. Congrats on 23 days and staying strong....High Five!
Learning to ignore that voice has helped me tremendously. It's still there from time to time but it's frequency and loudness diminish each day.
"according to studies" it takes about 21 days to build a habit. So I think it will take me about 21 cycles of this :p
[deleted]
I was listening to a tirade from the inner voice yesterday however it shut up when I decided to just focus on not drinking for the next 24 hours. It's hard for my brain to come up with a reason why not drinking for the next 24 hours only is a bad idea.
Yeah that voice is responsible for every failed attempt and every relapse. It's a terrible thing but you aren't powerless against it. It can make things rough but you can learn to quiet it down...Someone already mentioned this but this book  Rational Recovery by Jack Trimpey..That book is the reason I've made it 480 days and know that I will make it longer. Might want to find it used on Amazon and give it a read. ..For me the biggest obstacle was figuring out why I had to drink to drunk. Why when I did give it up I always came back to it. ..That book explained it. That book showed me the demon within me and then told me how to slap the fucker when it decides to try and make life hard again. ...I just had a slap it down recently after finding out my uncle has brain cancer. That voice said "Wow man that's awful. Now you have all this stress to add to your other stress. You really need to decompress and forget about all this just for a little while. You could have a few drinks it wouldn't matter much. You've proved that alcohol is not an issue for you anymore. 470 days! Way to go! Time to relax and celebrate. Let the world go by without you for bit. Whaddya say?"..I considered it to tell you the truth because of the sudden news and how everything just goes haywire after something like that. It would have been nice to be numb again and not have to deal with all this stuff but that's not me anymore. So we fought for a few minutes and finally I told it to just fuck off and so it did. It slinked away and hasn't bothered me since.
It's the storyteller talking to us. The storyteller doesn't want me to succeed. He wants me to fail and be miserable. I just have to tune him out and be strong. This is from the Toltec Wisdom. 
Mine shows up a certain of the day. usually 2pm.. i have to shunt 50% of the willpower engines to ignore it. 
your inner voice and my inner voice should go bowling... maybe then they will leave us alone!
I'll have to look into that. My mother might have gotten that for me but I was deep in my drinking just making a show as needed. Now I'll grab anything that might offer a grain of recovery.  And congrats on your 3+ weeks!!
20-25 days used to be my sweet spot too. Doing this honestly and thoroughly is what got me to where I am: http://www.smartrecovery.org/resources/library/Tools_and_Homework/Quick_Reference/ABC_Worksheet.pdf..It's like second nature to me now to remember this when I start to have negative thought patterns. 
This is exactly how I will feel after three weeks sober. I have never done more than three weeks and you just nailed my thought pattern. I hope I'll do better this time. This sub has already made a huge difference. I wish you all the best...
This is such a great thread. Everyone's comments are so relateable and such a great reminder. I didn't even realize I had a voice but I do! OMG. What a revelation. (and my reading list keeps getting longer thanks to these threads as well)
I've been drowning that voice out with my other internal voice that's telling me that drinking is not compatible with my life goals. I know that if I returned to my drinking funk there's no way I will be successful in the ways I want to be successful. That's been a great help in keeping me away from alcohol...On another note I had my first drinking dream last night. In that dream I had two beers before desperately thinking "what have I done?!" It wasn't the kind of dream in which I was drinking and enjoying it it was a dream of disappointment in myself for breaking my sobriety. Luckily I woke up and realized nope still sober!
This is my first go at stopping drinking and I'm just starting. I know that voice is coming--the "you can handle it just have a social drink with friends." ..The reason that I know it's coming is because of posts like yours. I'll be in a better place to handle it when it comes and be a regular visitor when it does...Thank you.
This post is so like me I feel like I could have wrote it myself. That is part of what is so great about this group. I see the similarities in others and it helps me overcome those urges because I know I am not the only one who feels them. ..I worry about this same thing all the time. When am I going to talk myself into thinking I don't have a problem anymore or when am I going to let someone else talk me into it? ..Its hard and you have to live it everyday but that's where the one day at a time thing really helps. 
My voice screwed me over multiple times... I made it 11 days and it chimed in to tell me "Work is stressful you deserve a drink.".This time I'm not going to fail. Stay strong!
