-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40vwc8/positive_side_effects_struggling_still/

I'm approaching the 2 week mark and I do have to say that I'm surprised at the amount of positive side effects that have already taken place. Somehow my face just looks better. Less swollen or something. Eye's look better etc. I suppose this shouldn't come as much of a surprise because I feel quite a bit better overall. More energy more confident somehow (I just feel like I can look anyone square in the eye and be more outspoken) and apparently happier. My good friend and coworker mentioned today how I seem to be in a better mood over the past few weeks (which correlates nicely to my day 1). ..Even with all of this I want to be honest. It's not all roses. In the mornings I feel great and throughout most of the day I feel good. However I eventually get a little depressed and it's just hard to explain why. My birthday is this Saturday and my wife and a couple we're friends with are asking what I want to do. Movie dinner etc.....nothing really sounds that great. I literally just don't answer. I WANT to go out and have some drinks. The thought of never being able to do that again is really shitty. I know to take it one day at a time and that does help....however I can't help but slip into the realization that going out for drinks may never happen again....and that just seems sad. I'm old enough to be past the bar scene but it's still fun to "go out". ..I do not know how to overcome that and it's making me insane. This are getting better but I can't shake this and I honestly just feel bored/anxious/nervous/shitty a decent chunk of the time. I stay busy with the kids and work. I'm also learning how to code to make a career switch. I'm learning SQL Server and C#/.NET. That keeps me busy and I am more productive with it since I'm not drinking. However it's almost as if I feel bored even if I'm busy. It's a weird feeling to explain. ..Thanks.Eric
----------immediate responses--------

Hi Eric I can relate to your post. When I feel the overwhelming feeling thinking about long-term sobriety I try to remind myself of my last drink and the desperation I felt. Reminding myself of why I stopped drinking really helps to motivate me to stay sober today. Admittedly I have to do this often (sometimes multiple times a day). I've been keeping a journal and sometimes have to flip back to my more desperate reflections...  ..As my birthday approaches I'm definitely trying to find something to do that doesn't involve drinking but still can bring my friends together. I try not to worry about it too much and hope that something sounds fun during that time. ..Here's to not drinking today. Let us know how we can support. 
i can really relate to your post.  I too am feeling better looking better.  But for example tomorrow is my last day at a job I've been at for several years I am a bit disappointed that drinks won't be involved. I guess I really want to have it both ways but of course is not possible.  Well done on your 12 days and of course happy birthday! 
Find something different to do for your birthday possibly even something physical.  Think of something that doesn't involve just sitting around.  That way you are too busy being thankful for another year and sober days.  I hope that you have a beautiful birthday weekend.
