-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40vwsr/my_one_night_relapseand_my_return/

After I first starting posting on SD and made it through a week of not drinking (a major achievement!) I was invited to a party with former co-workers (with whom I always drank...heavily). It was a week later. I convinced myself that I could go and MODERATE. I'd have a drink or two and have fun. As the party approached I was still unsure about going after two-ish weeks. I felt I couldn't go and not drink (didn't want to be embarrassed to explain to all my drinking buddies). The days before I starting thinking of future times I would give myself permission to drink for. Of course I should drink on Thanksgiving and Christmas...and New Years.....No surprise I went to the party. No surprise I got totally hammered. I can NOT moderate. I got more drunk than I usually did with my friends. I blacked out and was inappropriate and a total jerk. I drove home late (stupidly). I didn't want to embarrass myself by not drinking but in the end I embarrassed myself by drinking. ..The next day I felt absolutely awful both physically and emotionally. I had become so comfortable with not drinking that I gave myself permission to drink (alcoholic logic). ..On the second day of my hangover I came back to SD apologized to people at the party for being an ass hole reset my badge and started anew. Here I am at 53 days. Made it one day at a time 53x. Life is better now for me...I just wanted to write this because sometimes we fail. But we can bounce back! Sometimes we trick ourselves into drinking. Lots of y'all are coming up on great goals. Maybe you're questioning whether you really need to stay sober. It's still alcohol and it's still the same. Don't replicate my experiment but if you do come back and start anew. ..EDIT: Words
----------immediate responses--------

I have felt the same way - busy and yet bored. I hope some others can shed some light on all of the brain processing.
&gt;It's still alcohol and it's still the same..Thanks so much for this! I find myself *missing alcohol*; however I need to remind myself nothing is different. I will still react the same way to alcohol. I will still make a complete fool of myself and wake up with an incredible amount of guilt and shame - this is exactly what I needed to stay sober today thanks!     
It's honorable that you owned it to people who were at the party too. Good luck.
