-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40wuhb/relapsed_again/

Damn! Relapsed again. I have been drinking everyday now for about a week mind you only 2-4 small can beers a day. There was a party a couple of days ago though (which is when I last drank) where I got really drunk and had a ONS with a older woman I would never ever even consider to do while sober. I'm still guilty as hell about it.....And two days later I still feel quite weak from the party. I think this is the last straw. I hate drinking and I didn't enjoy it when doing it but the force of habit was so strong that I didn't even think that I had relapsed...My mind is fighting like crazy over the decision of going fully sober the schizophrenia that Allen Carr describes in his book. I see no benefits to drinking but I do sometimes feel left out coupled with all the memories of hanging out with friends in bars etc which is what pulls me back in...Any tips for doing it for real this time? I have never joined in for the daily check-in however I do the Baby Steps somewhat half-assely in the morning (I say that I will not drink today and go about my day). I have cut way back on my caffeine and will quit completely in about a week. Ultimately I think that will help because I think I sometimes drink to calm my anxiety which has been really high for a long time. The previous times I've cut down/quit for a shorter time I noticed my desire for alcohol diminished quite profoundly...I'm not a major problematic alcoholic (yet) but I do feel that the after effects of alcohol really limits my enjoyement of life and kills so much time it's ridiculous. In reality I hate the alcohol culture. I hate bars I hate drunken people I hate doing shots I hate it. It's not the way I want to go with my life. Stupidly enough I have a quite strong psychological addiction to alcohol which is why I usually find it difficult to go for more than a week without a beer...Any tips would be of help. I will not drink today...
----------immediate responses--------

My advice to you is....READ your own post...You've been drinking everyday now and yet your post (grammatical) is flawless...I don't trust what you are trying to present...It's called Fight Club Syndrome.
I can tell you that I am 100% recovered from alcoholism. There is no "psychological addiction" ( love that by the way). The obsession is gone like the wind. I can't tell you how many times I was firm in my commitment to never drink again and yet once I felt better I quickly lost my resolve. ..I live an amazing life 340 days sober life is not without its challenges but I am a new man with none of the obsession ..Your previous post: Never forget .Hey!.I've been drinking sporadically (usually once a week) since I turned 18 (24 now). No crazy horror stories fights DUI's or anything of the matter. I could handle myself very well when drunk and stop drinking when I've had too much. My self-awareness doesn't (luckily) really go when drinking my usual amount so if I know I'm really drunk and on my way to acting embaressing I know that it's time to stop drinking and/or go home. .However... I am so damn sick of the hangovers and the negative effects of drinking. After a typical night out say on friday I usually spent all saturday alone just recovering eating crap food and watching TV until I felt better. I was usually too tired to meet up with my friends even though they seemed to handle the saturday just fine. Sunday I still felt foggy and the bad anxiety usually followed me through half the week at work. The next friday when I'm finally starting to feel really good again the cycle just continued. I don't even want to think about how many days and hours I wasted being foggy anxious and shaky and just "going through the motions". I never felt in control of my life this way just waiting for the weekend to come so I could drink and get lost in that little party haze again. After all I had really fought through the week since the last binge (thanks alcohol)....Recently I started drinking more often. A beer here and there with co-workers in the middle of the week and sporadically buying home a few cans to relax with at the end of the day. Still no major problems but the anxious fog increased and I felt tired and lazy most of the days. Recently I've gotten to the point of drinking an average of 5 beers five days a week. If there was a party I would drink about 8. Not good..I half-assed my way through 6-7 days sober recently but went back to it because there was another party 'I couldn't miss'. .I felt like shit again the day after as always but something in me just said "this isn't worth it any more". I just got tired of it..So here I am 10 days sober (my badge will be updated soon I think) and here are some benifits I've noticed..  So much more energy.  Exercise is insanely easy I have started exercising for 2-4 hours every day now for a while and I noticed I can go so much longer now. My body recovers much quicker and isn't so achy afterwards..  Chronic anxiety dropped by about 80%.  No depressive fog or crazy intrusive anxious thoughts which used to haunt me. I feel insanely better from my anxiety..  Much more productive I actually do stuff instead of wasting time and feel great doing them.  Stomach much less bloated I feel ripped and may have lost a tiny bit of belly fat.  I feel much calmer.  Less agitated I don't really get irritated on things anymore.  Joy and euphoria from normal everyday things. Talking to people is a breeze (I hated doing small-talk before) and is actually enjoyable. I feel comfortable now..  Genuine laughter.  No dull tension headache.  Fantastic sleep. No 1-3 time mid-night wake-ups these last few nights. Also no nightmares or scary vivid dreams that I used to have a lot before..  Motivation and energy to plan and pursue my life goals.  Better creativity (I'm a musician).  A growing feeling of being rooted in myself. Like grounded..  Appreciation of the life the real life. No more walking around in that anxious-depressive haze waiting until that next party. I love life..  I wake up with a smile on my face. Before I couldn't face people before my first cup of coffee and breakfast. Now I feel calmer happier relaxed and psyched that I can actually greet people in the morning with a smile and cheerfulness. .  Also mornings are awesome. Waking up early enjoying a nicely brewed cup of coffee and just feeling good. Starting the day off right..  Starting to get more health concious. .  Caffeine doesn't give me the jitters anymore which is surprising..  Starting to get better skin I look more alive.  Much better at finding words in conversation I don't forget words or semi-stutter like I did before.....and much much more..What I have noticed these 10 days is that it's insane how much people drink. I have also heard the excuses that heavy drinker make to keep drinking even though they are obviously addicted. .These 10 days have been super exciting and what's huge for me is the drop in anxiety. I've been anxious for as long as I can remember and it would be absolutely rediculous if most of the anxiety came from binge drinking. What a waste..I started out reading Allen Carr's book but I haven't officially made a vow to quit forever as the thought seems quite daunting (I may have to read that book again). But I will take it one day at a time and we'll see how it goes. All I know now is that I'm sick of drinking and feeling that way. Stopping has started to shown how awesome life can really be how good we can really feel and that nothing is impossible in life. It is such a shame to throw that away..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vf46p/10_days_my_story_and_benefits_ive_noticed_so_far/
In our meeting last night we backtracked and reviewed step one. A guy that was new to the group that hadn't shared much opened up about why he was there and when he was done. Like my counselor told me when I started sometimes we need to hear others stories to smack us in the face for feeling sorry for ourselves. Everybody has their own rock bottom and it's not always in a gutter alone. You appear to have reached your bottom. Copy your post print it and put it in your wallet. Every time you feel like having a drink pull it out and read it. Remember how you felt when you wrote it. No better advice that our own words spoken from the heart when we are at our lowest. Start the road to sobriety and walk the path. I believe in you. You can do this. 
what is ONS?
