-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40xh7j/a_year_ago_today_i_stopped_the_cycle/

vicious  vicious cycle. Man I feel so blessed that I could break it..Good god. Looking at myself in the mirror was not an easy task for a while there...I'm pleased to report I've lost 30 pounds in a year. My .belly is gone I can see my ribs (a bit) again. ..I'm physically fit. Likely in the best shape I've been in my life. Emotionally and mentally I'm doing alright. I struggle with anxiety and occasional depression but I have been making an honest effort to repair my brain...It's working...My advice to those of you new to sobriety:..Drink lots of water. I didn't begin this routine until I was six months into the process and I wish I had began sooner. You always hear about how it's so important to drink lots of water. The claims are true. ..You will feel healthier cleaner. Yeah it is kind of annoying to pee often but I was doing this anyway back when I was drinking booze so I think I am used to it by now. I wish I would have found seltzer water in my first month of sobriety - maybe I could have cleansed my mind and body sooner. ..And two please exercise. I am not a fitness buff and have never been. I am an artist and I also love my video games...The endorphins alone from a thirty minute cardio session are worth it. But then  factor in an awesome night's sleep weight loss longevity sex appeal ;) ..take your confusion and put it into a jog or a bike ride. Exercise five days a week. Focus and explore your self-bettering mind. The brain is such a powerful thing I have learned. You can do whatever you put your mind to - it just takes a little bit every day. And those days add up to form something great. ..Alright I'm gonna stop yappin' now. If anyone needs advice feel free to ask me in this thread I'll give you my thoughts. Just sayin'. ..I don't attend AA but I know the option is there if I ever need it. But this subreddit has helped me stay the course. Everyone has been very kind here. Thank you for that...Have a fantastic day!!
----------immediate responses--------

Yes YOU did. Today you are our new Baby DINO!
Congrats on one whole year!  You are giving us newbies needed testimony that we can do it too.  Today I will not drink with you. 
&gt;Have a fantastic day!!..I am now after reading your post thanks!..I love chugging water I'm at 3-4 bottles a day. Starting the first one is difficult but once you finish this first bottle of delicious water you feel weird without the next one...&gt;take your confusion and put it into a jog or a bike ride...This is also good advice exercise helps to ease our emotional rollercoaster and once I've finished my 40 minute jog I'm too tired (in a good sense) to care about negative things...Thanks!
Congratulations on the big day! Well done and thank you for the inspirational insights
Look up depression and keto or ask in r/keto. Nothing to lose
Congratulations! A year seems so many days without a drink for me. Day 2 yesterday was very difficult. 
Congrats on a year and thanks for sharing!  Exercise and proper hydration are key for me too.
this is an inspiration for the newbs like me thank you. 
Congrats man. If you can make it a year so can I. Thanks for the inspiration.
That's amazing congrats. I'm on day 10 and stories like this give me hope for my life change . Now for my next task *heads to r/stopsmoking*
This was so awesome to read. Thanks for posting your advice. I used to work out and then drink two bottles of wine as some sort of reward to myself (even though I drank that 6-7 days of the week anyways). I almost think working out might be a trigger. ..Very inspirational. One year is massive!
I love reading these posts. It's incredible that you've been a year free from that terrible cycle and it sounds like you're doing well. A well-deserved congratulations to you and thanks for the advice. Good stuff! 
Congrats! Sounds amazing!
I love everything about this post. Strong work-Congratulations!
So good for you! Congratulations on a year and for being in a better place today :D
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for the advice. You are a great person :) grants on the year!!
congrats!!!
The water thing...jeez. I feel like I can't get enough of the stuff. I have a giant Tervis tumbler that I fill up all the time. Yet I still don't feel hydrated. And I'm peeing all the time as well. ..Congrats on your Year 1! And the fitness side as well. You are where I want to be in a year.
Excellent!!  Congratulations to you on your year  
congratulations this is a wonderful anniversary well done!
Congratulations!! 
Congrats on 1 year!..yeah I like to exercise five days a week. It doesn't take long 30 minutes but it really makes me feel good..
Once I get past the "affraid to leave the house stage" I'm going to hit the gym hard. You are an inspiration. 
[deleted]
Wonderful job! You are an inspiration :-)
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/QajFmR2.jpg)
Fantastic post! Congratulations on your milestone :).
