-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40y40l/start_to_day_4/

Today I am embarking on Day 4. Today I am also starting another year of life on the planet earth. Last night was rough I was emotional and felt out of control. I kept saying I wanted a glass of wine just a glass. My husband whom is very supportive in all my endeavors simply listened and apologized for not enabling my addictions. There was no wine in our residents to begin with. So I was angry and just distraught. ..However today I am THANKFUL for the support of my life partner. I feel better after getting probably the first of many rounds of emotions out of my system and again I am excited to see what this year brings. I normally make today all about myself but I kind of what to look beyond me if I just spoil me I may relapse and I am not going to drink today. ..I am not going to drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

High Five! I read some users on here use there whiskey/wine glasses for other things and find it comforting ( I drank straight the the bottle I hate dishes lol so I can't really relate). Some watered their plants with it (what she used to poison her body is now giving life to something else) and the wine person used their glass for juice I believe. A little off topic but my grandma use to smoke 4 packs a day. She did everything with a cig in her hand she ended up getting cancer and now only has half a lung (shes doing awesome it was a long time ago) anyway she couldn't drive put on her make up or really do any normal functioning without a cig in her hand. So she would hold a crayon/pencil/lollypop anything to give her mind some comfort as she eased into her new life style. Just food for thought. Congrats on beating the beast yesterday and I will not drink with you today...High Five day 4!
Day four for me also.  Woke up shaky but much better than the last few days.  Congrats to you and today we will not drink!!!
I'm so glad to hear you got through it! How does that feel to get up with one more sober day than you had?..I won't drink today either!
