-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/40yne9/wet_places_advice/

I will be hanging out with drinking relatives this weekend and inevitably will be watching football at a bar. My brain is already having that pros & cons discussion I could have a few drinks I already had to start over once. Football is so much more fun to watch when you're drinking beer. BUT ... I don't want to get sick I don't want to relapse and start my badge over I don't want to feel dependent on alcohol for the rest of the weekend. I don't want to be disappointed in myself come monday morning. ..Any advice on how to mentally resign myself to drinking mocktails? I don't *want* to drink but I'd like to be prepared for the weekend and have a good mental outlook on staying sober for the times when my brain is telling me that alcohol is looking like a good choice. 
----------immediate responses--------

Someone else will say it anyway... Why are you going to a bar if you want to get sober?
Ultimately you want to work on the reasons *why* you drink rather than just resigning to the fact that it's going to be a challenge when you don't drink in these situations...If that's not manageable in the time between now and then think through the drink. You already wrote it out in your post here:..&gt; I don't want to get sick I don't want to relapse and start my badge over I don't want to feel dependent on alcohol for the rest of the weekend. I don't want to be disappointed in myself come monday morning..Keep that in mind when you see a beer in front of you...Depending on where you are I've had some amazing mocktails that just blew my mind. If you have a creative bartender tip them heavily and ask for their concoctions...You can also arm yourself in advance and say you're the designated driver for the night. Peer pressure in the opposite direction might be good for this situation.
For me a lot of my sobriety is about change. Simply put if I do what I always did I'm going to get what I always got. I had no business in bars in early sobriety and even now I rarely visit them. Those are places for the old me the new me has no business there.
If you must go have an exit plan in case you feel uncomfortable and decide to leave.  Arrive late and leave early.
I'm also going to watch football in a bar this weekend. I've told my friends I'm doing dry January and I'm not allowed to drink. I found that by admitting it's a challenge for me people are more supportive. At the bar I'm going to make a deal of asking the barman for non-alcoholic drinks but ones that look like alcohol. So my friends will support me and anyone who doesn't know I'm not drinking won't be able to tell. Sorted! Plus wait till everyone is drunk and it will be even more of a motivation to not drink...
I mean do you really have to go? 
Being sober is useful. What if someone needs a ride home? Or there is an emergency? Cools hands and heads will be needed. Even if I were still drinking I wouldn't mind taking a night off to help a friend or relative get home safe. That's all this is another night off. 
