-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/412ryt/the_insight_i_need/

I'm long past any illusions about being able to drink moderately. I know that I get one choice when it comes to alcohol. I don't drink or I drink way too much. So for the last 10 years I've understood what I was doing each and every time I've picked up the glass...Don't hear me underselling this insight. Alcohol has not destroyed my life and this is one of the big reasons why. Driving a long way tomorrow? Not drinking. Serious work thing going on tomorrow? Not drinking. Need to help my wife with something that takes full focus? Not drinking. ..This insight has helped me to drink only when there are no serious life consequences. But I'm looking to achieve some goals for which avoiding serious damage is not enough. ..There's a reason that as I post this there is a 5 by my name rather than a 12 or a 19 or a 457. I lack the understanding that if I drink on a given night the chances I drink on the next night are much much higher...I understand this intellectually but not in the way I understand my inability to moderate. Unlike the lack of moderation this understanding is insufficient as a cause of action. Somehow I need to understand this in my bones. When I do I'll really stop drinking. I suppose that I am struggling to truly feel the long term opportunity costs in a life that's avoided the short term costs of alcoholism. ..Perhaps writing it down in this testimonial will be enough. 
----------immediate responses--------

I can completely relate to this. I don't drink every night or day but when I do oh boy.....Since I've started lurking then posting on this sub my understanding of my relationship with alcohol has evolved quite a bit. I used to excuse my negative relationship with alcohol because I wasn't a daily a drinker or that I could control when I drink. This was merely the illusion of control. When I have just one drink I initiate a game of Russian Roulette. At some point inevitably things get very dangerous. And lately it's like playing reverse-Russian Roulette where all the bullets are in the chamber minus-1...Writing has been huge part of my process mostly because it feels like I'm committing to myself. At first committing to better understanding my relationship with alcohol then to finding a solution and finally to recommitting every day to my solution (abstinence)...Thanks for sharing!
Oh yes I have understood intellectually for a long time now. It needs to be felt on a much deeper level for me. This time I am letting my brain heal for as long as I can. I can't trust my brain to make decisions about the future all I can do is work today. I'm hoping the understanding becomes knit into my consciousness if I give myself enough of a break. Good luck!
Yes. I relate to this post SO much. I would make sure not to drink when I knew I had to drive somewhere (usually to pick up my teenager who isn't driving yet herself). I've started to notice a bit of resentment when I was asked for a ride or a pickup on a night that I was planning on "enjoying" some wine. Yikes. That leads to some scary parenting right there. ..So my daughter has become my main reason to get this under control and finally STOP. I want to be fully present for her but also for myself.  And even as I type this there is a little voice in my head whispering (yeah stop for a while but you can drink again when she's got her license). So yeah. Intellectually I know I need to stop but in my bones I'm still plotting the next drink.  I'm hoping the support here will help me through...Thanks for sharing your testimony. You are not alone in this struggle and sharing your story has helped me articulate what I'm going through too.
Took me a long time to realize and then face the fact that my problem isn't with not drinking. I can stop for a day a week or even a month. I can only drink on weekends or only with friends. ..What I can't do is have one beer. I always want the next beer. When everyone else has had enough I want another round or two. Then another round or two. Stopping for a month was no accomplishment for me I the end since the plan was always to drink again and it would invariably lead to MANY drinks. ..At 15 months now and still miss it from time to time. Still just focusing on today because thinking about "never again" is too overwhelming 
