-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/414vyq/366_days_ago_i_was_halfway_through_a_24_pack_at/

And that day was like so many others.......Hello fellow drunks! Long time lurker first time poster  I just wanted to thank everyone on this reddit page for helping me reach a year sober yesterday. Before I got sober I read what people wrote and it helped me realize I wasn't alone. When I stopped I was inspired by all of you that where struggling to keep it together to make it through to the next day or through the tough times life throws at all of us. After repeatably falling off the wagon I read posts that picked me back up and made me realize that relapse was a part of the process and it affects most of us. To those with long term sobriety thanks for helping me realize that it was possible to be happy and that I can maintain sobriety in may different ways (AA or no AA) but I must to something therapeutic to help myself everyday because the underlying issues of why I drank have to be dealt with or I won't heal and I will continue to drink. Those folks that struggle in the first days or weeks of sobriety now help me remember what it was like in the beginning which helps me stay sober today. Now when I read about someone with long term sobriety falling off the wagon it helps me realize this demon we all fight will come back with a vengeance if we don't stay vigilant and do whatever we need to do to stay abstinent. Thanks again!!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on a year!!!
Congratulations - it's very inspirational to hear about these achievements and I hope to be in your position one day
Congrats on one whole year!!!  
Congrats and thanks for posting.  You make some really great points.
Bravo for one year and one day sober! Thanks for sharing and thus giving hope to others who are struggling.
Inspiring! Thanks for sharing. So glad I found this forum a few days ago. .
Thanks for sharing your insights about the experience esp about doing something for yourself everyday. It's great to read.
Can't get enough of these posts. I love hearing the specifics of how this forum has helped you to maintain your sobriety and the lessons you've picked up along the way. ..A year is such a phenomenal achievement. I'm in awe! A very well-deserved congratulations to you. 
congrats! 
Congrats!
Congrats!
You are an inspiration congrats!! 
Congrats. My year will come soon enough. Well 11 months from now but in geologic time it's like .0000001 of a second. 
Thanks! :D
Thanks.  On a business trip...and im doing ok but reading that helps.
We might have helped a bit but this was mostly you. ..Congratulations!!
Good Stuff my fellow drunk!.
You are awesome!!!!!
Damn! Strong work. I come hear everyday to read posts like this and this is gold. 
Congrats.....been there so many times.. it's 7 am and I'm at the gas station buying a case so I can come down. ..fuck..that..shit.
Good post. Made me remember the day I finally had enough
Thank you as well for being part of the journey this post really hit home for me tonight. congratulations on 366 days! way to go!I completely agree this sub has shown me a way of staying sober that I never dreamed of. This place has helped me get myself together again and is helping me grow as a sobernaut. .
Well said it's always gonna be lurking somewere hoping to catch us off guard and well done on becoming a dino massive achievement.
