-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41ah5t/after_struggling_for_the_past_couple_years_im/

Just yesterday I opened up to my SO about my want and need to give up drinking and seek some form of treatment. We have been going to couples counseling and finally I worked up the courage to admit that I want help. This came as somewhat of a surprise to her because I am a closet drinker. She has always known I have a high tolerance for alcohol and poor self control when it comes to the amount I drink in one sitting but didn't know that I hid my drinking from her at night. Thankfully she was very receptive and I can tell she is going to be able there for me going forward...I have been to this sub once before and remember how welcoming this community is so I'm looking forward to being around here some more once we have a solid plan in place for me. ..The reason I'm posting today is because I'm wanting to get some insight into the different recovery programs and options there are. My counselor mentioned out-patient recovery centers as well as AA. I know not everyone's situation is the same and advice isn't the point of this sub but if some of you don't mind sharing your experience with your road to getting sober I would truly appreciate it. Until then I plan on talking to all my friends/family and consulting my doctor. Hope to be back soon!
----------immediate responses--------

I will summarize what I did:       .Detox rehab outpatient counselor AA meetings sponsor worked the 12 steps volunteer/service work. 
Congratulations on this courageous step! I found that building my support was essential to my recovery...You will probably hear a bunch of different options for treatment programs. Myself I did individual counseling with a therapist who specialized in the issues I was dealing with which included problems with depression and anxiety in addition to alcoholism... I also went to AA not as much as other people probably but if I needed to be surrounded by people who understood what I was going through this is where I went. I also made it a mission to go to a meeting anytime I was going to have a drink. And if I still wanted to have a drink after the meeting I was to attend another one. That was my commitment to myself. ..I find AA meetings to be very diverse. I have probably been to 20 different meetings and there are a handful that I really like. So if this is something you are interested in exploring I really invite you to try different meetings...I also attended workshops that were available to me where I lived such as relapse prevention workshops. In the past I would prioritize work before myself and this time around I cancelled work to engage in recovery related activities. It was essential to my healing that I put my recovery before work my family my friends...I wish you the best!
How I stopped drinking is summarized in my [Sunday Solution post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vn5g7/sunday_solutions_my_plan_and_path_from_day_1_to/). I lurked on this sub before and since stopping and eventually started posting here. r/stopdrinking has been a recovery community in my pocket and the shared expereicnes and insights here have been invaluable in helping me work out my path and rewire my thoughts! I supplemented that with some CBT exercises the cost-benefit analysis was a big one for me. ..There are some support resources listed [in the FAQ for this subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_resources_and_groups) I only have experience of SMART recovery: at about 9 months in I decided to try it for a face-to-face element and to broaden my support network.
I think the biggest thing is that you WANT to be sober and the COURAGE to say it and the SUPPORT of family/friends. I did inpatient and outpatient but I wasn't ready and didn't have the support (plus I didn't research my inpatient facility that well and that environment of that particular location was not for me). I relapsed and I truely wanted to be sober I cold turkey-ed this time at home told my husband like three days into it went to the doctor talked to them became a member here and signed on with a therapist. This has been the happiest two weeks of my life in a long time. I wish you the best!
Accepted I had enough.  Started AA.  Found several good meetings and enjoy the fellowship.  Listened.  Shared.  Kept going back to meetings.   good so far.   2 1/2 years
Congratulations for telling your SO your plans. I did a hospital detox then a six month outpatient program that mandated AA. Really didn't want to do AA but I picked a meeting and got very lucky as it resonated with me immediately. Good luck on your recovery journey. 
How much are you drinking? Some people here are killing a liter of alcohol a day and that's where you need medical detox...I drank 50-80 beers a week and just stopped with a therapist and my SOs help. If you want it badly enough you can do it.
