-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41akna/in_a_hole/

I guess this is really only tangentially about drinking.  I have no desire to drink but I am in my first month so I'm sure there's plenty of time for cravings.  My blood pressure has finally returned to normal although I am still waiting for the shakes to subside.  ..But I am so deeply depressed and demoralized about my continued unemployment and lack of success in finding a job.  Child support is piling up I don't have a cent to my name and am feeling completely hopeless about everything in life.  I would never harm myself but there is a part of me that wishes I could just go to sleep tonight and not wake up.  ..It's such a struggle to keep motivated.  Oddly though not about not drinking but with regards to job seeking and belief in the notion that one day things will all work out.  Living with my elderly parents at my age (45) has become a psychological prison really embarrassing and a source of great shame...Just very very depressed today.  ..But I didn't drink.  Onward and upward hopefully.  Thanks for listening.  
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear you're down today but I'm happy that you're not drinking to "make it go away". Congrats on 7 days and hopefully you'll be able to get yourself out of the hole with a clear mind! It just takes one good break and not drinking could be the break that gets you going.
My shakes stayed a while. I am on day 15 now and I believe they are gone or atleast I haven't noticed them. I can use a spoon again!! lol. I too am jobless I actually just took a break from writing my resume to come one here. I am looking into a wide variety of jobs as long as I get an income I can switch later kinda attitude atm. Maybe drive aronud and see who is hiring? or snagajob.com? Also I deal with depression and anxiety I am seeing a therapist I talked to one yesterday and it did wonders. I know this is a rollercoast of emotions in the beginning but after a while I am assuming it will balance out. I am proud you have made it a week it was the worst! Congrats on the blood pressure coming down and staying in the present going one day at a time. I hope you feel better! You are doing great!..High Five
Well done on 7 days the longer you stay sober the more opportunities will open up as for living with your parents don't worry about it it's a dam sight better than being homeless you gotta look on the bright side of things if possible. 
Living with elderly parents might be a chance to be of service to them and maybe to reconnect while you get on your feet.
What kind of stuff do you like to do?
I got out of this phase by helping others less fortunate than I. Take my advice on this. When you take the focus off of your problems God will take care of you while you take care of his people. You have alot to offer someone who is also suffering  .Maybe a homeless person. Bring him some food some clothes a jacket or gloves. they're out there.Trust me. They live in the woods in my town. They venture out in the day and then back to their tent or bridge at night. Or help another alcoholic.
