-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41cr27/getting_drunk_every_night_for_well_over_a_month/

I'm 18 and struggling seriously with depression. The only thing I look forward to when I get home from work is to drink. As soon as the beer or whiskey hits my mouth I feel relieved. In the last 7 days I've had 4 bottles of whiskey and many beers. However when I drink I just feel more depressed (with alcohol being a depressant) but when I'm not drunk I think about alcohol all the time. I know this is a problem but I just love it so much. I need help...
----------immediate responses--------

I can strongly relate all that mattered to me was getting home from work so that I could get drunk. One day I realized I needed to stop I was destroying myself I called time on it. My [Sunday Share](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vn5g7/sunday_solutions_my_plan_and_path_from_day_1_to/) summarizes how I stopped. I saw my doctor for support I learned better coping tools. With time new habits and thougts formed and the obsessive thoughts faded. 
It's easy at a glance to say put the bottle down and start anew but life is different. It was for me at least. Depression over whelmed me and I was determined to let it. I couldn't wake up without being in the bathroom clutching the toilet just praying and pleading to the almighty for that little extra vigor to help me through it. I was able to somehow fool myself that I was being a good student person and employee. I wasn't. When I drank I could forget the pain I was dealing with and enjoy the harsh burn on the back of my throat. Finally in a drunken stupor I started to write of my dreams and my aspirations. I realized that they weren't possible with alcohol and the relationships I yearned for were vacant due to alcohol. The first hour without liquor was the toughest because I kept thinking about it. I couldn't stop. The next hour I hated myself. The next day I could barely think straight. Yet I kept thinking about what I wanted. The hardest part is believing in yourself that you can stop and the pain can go away. You have to believe in yourself. Without it you will slowly wither away and alcohol will consume you. Don't give up just keep trying and trying to quit. 
I've been dealing with depression for the past 9 years. In the last 7 I've been doing exactly the same thing you are or worse just for some relief. It never helped and I knew it didn't help but I became trapped in a cycle. I thought it provided a respite from my issues but all it was doing was controlling me and giving me more reasons to be depressed. ..I'm 22 and I wish that I would have stopped at 18. I've missed out on so many opportunities and caused so much pain in the last four years. Depression is senseless and horrible but by committing to being sober reaching out to others and getting medical help I have been able to find some actual relief. It's not easy to talk about and it's not easy to get out of your depressive habits but keeping it inside and letting it fester is the alternative. I do not recommend it...I doubt that you will be able to deal with your depression until you quit drinking. Saying that you need help is the first step. Everyone I've interacted with here has been kind and compassionate; this is a good place to start. Keep with it taking one day at a time. I know that we can both do this
Well you are 18 you have so much time ahead of you. You have time to make mistakes as well as fix them. Do you have a hobby? Start really digging into it now. If I could go back and be 18 and focus on something I loved knowing how good I would be at it now at my age I would without hesitation. It's much more rewarding than drinking Evan Williams I swear. Make a decision to not drink and fill that time with whatever you love but are probably embarrassed about loving I promise someone else loves that thing as much as you and you can share it with them whether in life or online (there's a subreddit for it!) Enjoy your youth well you can my young friend it's an amazing thing.
