-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41d7fl/i_used_to_drink_a_bottle_of_scotch_a_day_this_is/

7 years ago I was suffering from a major identity crisis that I suppressed with food and alcohol (a bottle of scotch a day to be precise)... ..(You can see a photo of me then here: https://eliwoodbine.wordpress.com/2015/12/12/17-weightloss/ )..I was not happy. I didn't feel comfortable in my own skin. I hadn't accepted who I was and had been forced to repress my feelings my identity and ultimately my soul. I didn't eat and drink because food tasted nice and alcohol was moreish. I ate and drank because it distracted me from my insidious unhappiness. Being fat I didn't need to be told to eat and drink less I simply craved for the love and support that was necessary to face up to the root cause of my problem   my repression. ..At this point and feeling entirely alone All hope seemed lost. ..It was not till after some dramatic and traumatic major life upheavals and trials that I started to re-evaluate what I was doing to my body. It slowly became apparent to me that I was fatally harming the vessel transporting my soul. I was comforting myself with food and alcohol running from the truth of who I was and suppressing my truest self. ..The sad thing was that although I started to realise what I was doing I didn't love myself enough to change. I didn't feel like I deserved the happiness and success that others enjoyed. ..At my lowest point and with nothing else to lose I made the first timid contact with my soul my light my true-self and my love. Allowing my soul to slice through the darkness I began a lengthy evolutionary process that would allow me to metamorphasise into a better version of myself. ..This process would become the journey of a lifetime. ..This process was far from easy. It took a lot of hard work exercise mental restraint and self-confrontation as habits of a lifetime needed to be changed. Additionally my focus needed to be realigned my flops and failures overcome many previously pent up tears needed shedding to properly grieve for the pain of the past and ultimately personal acceptance needed to be achieved. ..Results were not grown overnight.. In fact a few years later I still carried around a veritable hunk of extra weight .. ..But within the lost pounds was mingled the self-loathing suffering and struggle. As the pounds slid away so did my hatred for what I had become. I was able to face my past and its trauma with a renewed perspective a perspective that portrayed me as a valuable human being with a true purpose. Within this new view I learnt first how to like myself then how to love myself and finally the joy gleanable from loving others. I was beginning to become valuable useful loving  Beautiful. ..As I look in the mirror today there are still many things that I would (will) change such is the human condition. That said I also see the reflection of a person that I truly respect and love. ..I love me! and I urge you to do everything in your power to love yourself too. ..If you can't love yourself then your soul cannot shine with love. If your soul cannot shine with love then you will live forever in mediocrity.
----------immediate responses--------

your story sounds similar to my own. thanks for sharing...alcoholics have the gift of recognizing where they went wrong. Some people turn into shells by means of another poison and sometimes it is very difficult to identify that. Alcoholics know what is responsible for their withering  and can change...I spent 12 of my adult years from the age of 21 drinking heavily. When I quit I wasn't even sure who I was what it meant to be an adult. ..That was probably the worst of it. But we have to remember that the body and mind are both very good at healing - but it takes time...Like you I've put forth much effort in my quest to better myself to understand myself and my persistence has paid off. I have a while to go. ..I regret the years I spent as a zombie but without them I wouldn't be who I am today. ..Ya gotta appreciate every day and every moment and make the most of each!
You have taken my breath away! What a story! 
Wow. I added your link to my favorites bar.  You're awesome...p.s.: I'll never understand the stone thing.  Thanks for translating into pounds. 
