-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41h9en/my_sponsor_had_me_write_a_letter_to_break_up_with/

Dear alcohol..A part of me hates what I am about to say but another piece of me is thankful that I am finally realizing it. I don't want you out of my life forever but in order for me to live a happy healthy and safe life I need you to be gone. you were supposed to be my solution but if anything you just added more problems. ..first thing first just to keep you in my life I became a liar to all the people that I cared about in my life. I couldn't have both you and my friends and family. You influenced me to an extreme that I didn't even know it was happening. I chose you time and time again without even thinking twice about who I was leaving behind. the truth is you were the one that I should have left behind because of you I damaged meaningful relationships. I am fortunate that none of those people that I hurt in the process gave up on me but I still have a lot that I need to make up for. ..You did not only ruin my relationship with others you also ruined the relationship that I had with myself. I found ways to tear myself down so I could have a reason to come crawling back to you. I learned to hate myself without you but I kept hating myself to keep you around. You made me forget what caused me to start drinking in the first place. I hated myself just a little bit more every time I picked up that first drink but I knew if I picked up that third or forth drink I would soon forget to hate myself for picking up that first drink. It was all a mind game that I learned through a couple of relapses that it just was not worth playing. ..You are selfish and always wanted me to find time for you because of you I ruined my diet time and time again. I had no idea at the time I was ruining my diet for you but looking back on all my failed diet days you shortly came to follow. I would tell my friends that I couldn't drink because I was on a diet and on the same day I would binge on food and be sitting in my basement alone with you. The amount of times that this happened is countless. you actually had me convoked that there was no correlation between the two. I thought that I was drinking because I binged but the truth is  I was binging so I could drink. ..The final reason why you need to go is because I now know that you don't make me feel better at all. I was convinced that you were the answer and if I continued to go back to you that I was going to be happy. You did not bring me any happiness towards the end. you made me more miserable than I was when I would have my first drink. I talked more about wanting to be dead when I was with you than when I was without you. If that is not a toxic relationship than I don't know what is. ..I have made my decision that I do not need you in my life any longer. there is no good that is going to come from us being together. Our relationship started out with good intentions but it turned into something that was uncontrollable. The only way for me to gain control of my life again is for me to officially say goodbye to you...Love.Me .
----------immediate responses--------

I love this letter and can relate.  It truly is like breaking up with someone that you know is only bringing negativity to your life.  Congrats on your 26 days.
This part: .."... I found ways to tear myself down so I could have a reason to come crawling back to you. I learned to hate myself without you but I kept hating myself to keep you around."..Wow. Resonant...Thank you for sharing this. 
I had a real grief when I broke up with booze - my white knight turned mean.....Nice work.
Great letter I can relate. It really is like breaking up with your partner but with your partner sleeping in a tent outside stalking you forever waiting to come back inside.
Awesome! Thank you for sharing!
