-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41iwhp/thoughts_on_why_ive_relapsed_in_the_past/

I've been a fairly heavy drinker for the past 20 years and I've had only 2 or 3 serious attempts at sobriety in that time ranging from 2 months to 9 months...Lately I've been thinking about those times and how I'd really like to avoid a future relapse by learning what caused my previous ones.  ..What I tend to do when I stop drinking is to become really busy being productive and getting whole lot of stuff done. I create to-do lists I exercise I eat better my house is clean and my life is generally 10000% more organised than it was when I was drinking.  I've almost hit the 2 week milestone this time and I'm doing the same things again...This is great and it makes me realise that the messy disorganised and irresponsible person who I become when I drink isn't actually the real me. It's the me that I become when I'm someone who drinks alcohol but underneath it all is a sensible tidy and organised person...Don't get me wrong I like this version of me and for a few months it's great. I'm almost like a different person...Based on my past experience I know that at some point a part of my brain (most likely the self sabotaging alcoholic part) will start suggesting that I need to chill out a bit and not take life so seriously. .I never acted on those thoughts straight away. The thoughts would be there in the background for several weeks or months before I started thinking that they might be right...So right now I don't feel that way and I may not this time around but I'd rather go into this with a game plan than just hope I don't get manipulated by those thoughts again as I have in the past. Right now I'm feeling really positive and I'm 100% committed to this path - and apart from the first 3 or 4 days it hasn't been too difficult so far...So has anyone else felt the same way? What strategies did you have to overcome those thoughts?..... ..........
----------immediate responses--------

I completely understand what you're saying. I have felt the same way in the past. What I'm doing this time is a combination of exercise therapy depression meds SD and SMARTrecovery.org..I have found many tools on SMART that I'm using this time to fight the inevitable urges/doubts about my sobriety...Keep coming back. We can do this!!
You're identifying and managing the underlying problems that you think influence your relapses that's great! I don't think many people do that too often...My last relapse was "because what's one drink going to do" mentality that lead me to a realization that I can't drink at all ever again. That's where the analyzing stopped for me because it's a simple thought...But I totally know what you mean about the really productive first weeks part followed by the need to chill and "have a couple of beers".
I'm very similar in that my mind also tells me I need to relax and take a break. Another way it tries to trick me is to persuade me that things are going very well and I need to celebrate...How do I combat this? I view things as being very black and white when it comes to my drinking. I deal in absolutes; I'm the Sith lord of /r/stopdrinking. Every day I have a choice: the unproductive miserable depressed and sick drinker or the happy healthy and clear-headed non-drinker. I can't mix the two I've learned that. So these are my choices...which one would you choose?
Thanks for asking this. I am really curious to read the answers and hopefully learn too. ..Congrats on two weeks. 
