-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41la6c/3_weeks_and_its_starting_to_get_harder/

I feel like the struggle is getting a bit harder now that I am 3 weeks in. I've come off the honeymoon feeling of making it a week or two. This is usually when the thoughts start to creep in that "oh maybe I can just have a drink or two and moderate" or "maybe in April when I go on a trip I will drink but only on the trip."..It feels like it has been longer than 3 weeks. I mean 3 weeks feels right now to be a long time without drinking when really it isn't It's not even a month. ..I am starting to think about alcohol more again. I really haven't thought of it much after about the 5-6 day mark. Now I'll have the occasional fantasy about drinking. ..I am not giving up I just feel like I have started to turn another corner and have more obstacles to overcome again. A week ago it almost felt too easy. Just wanted to share if anything else just to get it out I guess.
----------immediate responses--------

Yep.  This is how I felt numerous times...Are you doing anything beyond simply not drinking?  
I'm still in the single digits and it feels like it's been a month LOL.  But I've done 6 years before and I know I can do it again.  It helps me when I get angry at my addiction - like really fucking pissed off at it that it is constantly trying to destroy my life.  And often that's what keeps me out of the liquor store - I don't take kindly to things that want to destroy my life.  So I simply think "Fuck you - I refuse to let you get me again."  And yes it's hard to do and sometimes it completely sucks to have to deal with feelings that I would much rather avoid.  But everyone's life has its obstacles - Let's just agree to try and not let drinking the chance to pile on you know?    
Have you substituted something yet? I found just going through the motions of drinking was just as much a habit as drinking. I got really into flavored sparkling water like La Croix and similar. There's sweet flavored water out there too but I like the unsweetened stuff better.
Yep three weeks is still gonna smart. It gets better though. After too weeks I was so raw and unhappy I went to my first A.A. meeting. My boyfriend is a normal drinker and all my friends are too so hanging out with them when they didn't understand what I was going through was taking its toll. Finding other people IRL who share your predicament will surely make it easier for you as isolation is your mortal enemy. 
P.s. congrats on three weeks making it this far into your decision is a very big deal. There's a lot you can be proud of even though you feel cruddy. It won't always be this cruddy so don't worry!
I feel EXACTLY the same way. After 1 day then 3 then a week....it all felt great. Now it's starting to just feel annoying. 
I get it. I have quit on Antabuse for a couple weeks at a time then would come off of it so I could "treat" myself.  It is easy for me in the beginning because of the honeymoon of being so proud of myself. This is the first time I have tried to quit without antabuse in 20 years.  I hope you and I both REMEMBER why we quit in the first place.  My demons say the same thing to me.  After that "one trip" next thing you know I am drinking a half gallon every 5 days for months at a time. Good luck.  Dont let those demons sweet talk you into more regrets and pain.  I will not drink with you today. 
&gt;It feels like it has been longer than 3 weeks. I mean 3 weeks feels right now to be a long time without drinking when really it isn't It's not even a month...Thanks a lot for your post. Sounds like you're experiencing what I've been anticipating/fearing of the road ahead. I've noticed little thoughts here and there--no strong urges or cravings since the first few days--but just small hints that seem like they might be the beginnings of justification and rationalization thoughts not too far down the road. I'm pretty worried about it to be honest...that the more time goes by the easier it will be to convince myself to have a drink and I'm worried that I'll simply turn away from this board as a resource. But I'm hoping my better self will intervene if/when that time comes. Really appreciate your sharing..
Feeling the same way at 17 days. I also am on a strict diet though too and I am having fantasy's about eating a whole devils food chocolate cake by myself!
Just hang on in it's your alky brain trying to draw you back in keep busy eat sweets it does take the edge off I've been eating loads of chocolate.
Thanks for posting this.   I'm new and it helps get perspective to see that there might be harder periods ahead.  I'm still wondering whether to worry about physical side effects caused by changing liver enzymes for example.  My doctor deserted me when I asked for her help and I need to find someone I can trust.  Best of luck to you and I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for sharing. I expect that I'll be where you are in a week or two. It's pretty easy now riding on the high of being newly sober and sipping seltzer and fruit juice. But in a week.....Hearing about your struggle helps me realize that I won't be alone when I get there. For me there's strength in numbers and in knowing that I'm not alone. And I hope that works both ways.
21 days today for me too!..I'm not going too bad but I occasionally get that twinge to have a beer especially as a reward for completing a job.  At present it's easy enough to stop and remember that if I did have that beer the job would never get done in the first place as it would turn into several beers and soon enough the beers are being drunk before the job starts then it's wine then scotch.... then blackout then hangover then more beers... God I hate that I was like that. I've wasted so much of my life...I've been keeping a fairly random journal but it has really helped to be able to go back and read what I wrote in the first few days - the memory of how much better not drinking is tends to fade for me.
God you just wrote my post got me.....Let's do this.  
I wouldn't let myself get a badge for awhile because I had to keep resetting. Then I made it 2 1/2 weeks and was super excited. I was ready to get a badge. Then I had a rough few days while I was in the meh stage you're describing. I stopped reading this sub and started indulging the fantasy of drinking... ..The more I thought about it the closer I got and I decided to do it glad I hadn't gotten a badge yet. The first one was not good. It was just like before I regretted it and the next day I got a badge regardless because I was just so tired of getting on and off and back on. I wanted off the drinking train. It sucks sometimes but I keep reminding myself that drinking to excess which is the ONLY way I do makes me feel horrible and I like feeling good. ..Thank you so much for posting this. I have a feeling I might feel like you very soon and then I can come back to this post.
I'm about the same amount of time into this as you but this time around I am not tempted to drink as I have been in the past at this stage. I think what really helped me this time was reading Allen Carr's book the Easy Way to Control Alcohol. I feel like I am constantly reminded that if I drink once then I now know through experience that I will be back at daily drinking pretty quick and then the cycle continues. I wish to keep the devastation (alcohol) out of my life. Why would I intentionally poison myself any more? 
In the past I have given up drinking a number of times on my own...I always got to about the 3-4 week mark and then would relapse with the same thoughts as you...But the difference this time is I have this forum and the mantra of "I will not drink today when I get up"
right there with you at 24 days
