-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41lirl/lost_identity/

Hi everyone longtime lurker first time poster. I am a 30 something (closer to 40 if I am being honest) mother of two who works full time teaching. On the outside I look like the typical mom juggling a lot but keeping it together. If you look closer you will see a women who desperately wants some sort of identity not related to children or work. I used to have so many interests and hobbies and now my free time is filled with caring for young children during the hours I am home. Don't get me wrong I love my kids but Christ they can make me crazy! I would say my kids are high maintenance...I have had many years of of not drinking (my SO doesn't drink) during the years I was having kids or they were tiny babies. The last year and a half I have struggled with the addition of another child entering toddlerhood moving job changes of my SO etc. I started up again to relax and it gradually progressed to a state of concern. I was consuming way too much and beginning to hide it. Drinking at inappropriate times being hung over for work etc. ..I am lucky I have never had anything bad happen but I have had tremendous guilt and personal concern over my habits. I come from heavy drinkers and narcotic addicts. ..I have made a conscious effort that 2016 will be the year I find myself again! So far I have taken yoga read 3 books began exercising again and TRYING to meditate!..What the future holds I don't know..but I do know that my time matters and I WILL continue to make time for myself by doing healthy things instead of hiding behind red wine. ..For anyone out there who fees like their identity has been consumed by taking care of everyone else please stop thinkin you are being selfish and take some time!
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos for seven days from a retired teacher! There is alcoholism on my father's side of the family; I never thought it would happen to me. I couldn't forge a sober identity on my own but with a therapist treatment AA a sponsor and working the steps personal growth evolved. Stay in touch. 
Well done on 7 days and you sound like a fantastic women who's achieved a lot when your kids are older you can look back and not have to regret being a waste of space drunken mother which is how I feel about myself.
Congrats on 7 days. I find that many activities that I left in the dust years ago are coming back to me in sobriety. It's great to get out and be active again...Keep coming back.
Oh God did I just type this?!!!!!!!  We sound identical from age to profession to kids and how I was feeling today (For anyone out there who feels like their identity has been consumed by taking care of everyone else please stop thinkin you are being selfish and take some time)!!!!!!!!!!! 
