-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41m55o/82_days_and_25_lbs_lost_some_thoughts/

Wow I actually can not believe I can say I haven't drank in 82 days. That is the longest I have ever gone since the moment I started drinking a decade ago at age 17. I absolutely love every moment even the hard times because I have clarity unlike ever before. I was in a store the other day with a good friend and out of the blue she says "Do you just feel incredibly proud of yourself? You haven't been drinking and have just seemed so happy I absolutely love this version of you!" And the truth is yes! I can't help but always be in a good mood I am sure I have weirded people out with the endless energy I now seem to have which causes me to break out in dance. Alcohol was such an energy drainer for me. ..But oh how it is difficult at times as I have a very religious mother who thinks she knows everything about life and addiction (she's an expert in judgment and thats about it). The other morning she was going on about how alcoholics and other drug addicts will always be addicted to something. If it is not alcohol it is exercise it is work. She said it with such disgust like an alcoholic is doomed to live an unbalanced life of misery. Mind you she does not know my struggles nor do I think I will ever tell her. I somewhat mentioned it to her about a year and a half ago and she scoffed and then went on to explain to my young 15 year old brother that he needs to go to church and repent so he doesn't end up like his sister who is a drunk slut (my mom knows nothing about my sex life besides that I am not a virgin). ..It was so hurtful the other morning to hear my mom say these things of an alcoholic being some kind of damaged goods. Because dammit I actually DO HAVE balance for once in my life. Everything feels great. I have control over my eating I am losing weight the right way and being healthy. I'm not sleeping around I have respect for myself and for my body. So really I just want to say TAKE THAT MOM!!
----------immediate responses--------

It really hurts to have someone so close to you so badly misjudge a situation you are going through even if they don't know you are going through it. Good for you. It seems like she wants a reason to say nasty things about people without adequate knowledge of the situation. You just take care of yourself and keep up the good work. I am extremely proud of you even if she isn't!
You're not a virgin?!?!  Oh shit - you're going to hell! I'm not making sport of your Mother I'm just kidding but good on you my friend!  You are grabbing life's bull by the horns and it's making you spontaneously dance.  Now THAT'S what I call cool!  Best wishes.  
Very impressive. I wish I had really taken sobriety seriously at your age. Believe me the layers of shame guilt remorse just keep piling up over the years...My mom is much the same: has treated me like a leper for years even though there are other serious alcoholics in our family. I have felt at times that she was almost trying to sabatouge my attempts at staying sober by saying such hurtful things...I'm glad you are so happy! Keep up the good work!
Very impressive. I wish I had really taken sobriety seriously at your age. Believe me the layers of shame guilt remorse just keep piling up over the years...My mom is much the same: has treated me like a leper for years even though there are other serious alcoholics in our family. I have felt at times that she was almost trying to sabatouge my attempts at staying sober by saying such hurtful things...I'm glad you are so happy! Keep up the good work!
I don't know if you have faith or not but I think of this every time I remember that I am an alcoholic...&gt;"Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak."..I don't want to shit on your mom too much because you should always respect your mom. It sounds like she just doesn't get it though...It sucks that she is using religion and faith as a cudgel to beat you with. I have found that same faith to be incredibly helpful and liberating. No judgment. Peace and tranquility. It helps that I live within walking distance of a church that never locks its doors. Whenever I feel down I can go kneel and pray...Far from feeling like "damaged goods" I feel like I have experienced something that makes me stronger. Something most people know nothing about.
&gt; I started drinking a decade ago at age 17...Hmm... Let me do some maths... 17 + Decade = 27ish?..So your mom thinks her 27ish year old daughter is a slut because she is not a virgin? I mean it would be more odd if you weren't at least by traditional society standards...But anyways I really hope I can reach where you are at someday. Congratulations and don't let anyone discourage you! Seeing stories like this gives me hope I can be there someday for now my goal is a week. I haven't been able to say "I didn't drink in the last week" for years...Plus I get that fancy new badge.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Congratulations.  Good for you for finding new balance in your life.  It's difficult to break from the past but it sound like you have solid perspective and some distance from your mother.  Stay strong.
you sound like you're in a happier place than your mum is... congratulations on 82 days :)
Congratulations! As another 27yo girl contemplating sobriety your story really hits home for me. I started drinking in my teens too (16) and it just escalated from there. Hearing how much better you feel really gives me hope! I'm also not planning on telling my parents about my struggles due to their judgements but that's because they're also alcoholics not religious. 
Congratulations! I'm also 27 and am just behind you at day 71 today! Stay strong!
You are not damaged goods. If anything you clearly have a willpower not afforded to normies because 82 days of abstinence is not easy.
