-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41ofy4/relapse_and_scared/

I relapsed on Sunday after 50-odd days sober and I'm really scared. Scared that I can't do this and scared that I'm a complete trainwreck that's hellbent on crashing through life. I was feeling ok (not great but it was starting to get better) and I'd just taken step 3 with my sponser that morning. On the way to our friends' house afterwards my boyfriend broke up with me after a row and left and instead of going home (I was scared to be alone) I brought wine to my friend's house drank until I blacked out got lost on the way home and the police were called to find me. I'm in my boyfriend's bed (we're trying to work things out) now feeling ashamed and depressed and I don't want to move but I know that I have to get to a meeting later. Thank you for listening and letting me vent. If anyone knows of a link for a badge reset I'd be really grateful.
----------immediate responses--------

on the right hand side you can click "message the moderators" they can do it. I am sorry you had a rough day I hope today is better for you. &lt;3
You CAN do this. You already know you can 'cause you achieved 50 sober days. You slipped you know you have to get back to it and you came here. You're on the right path and you've learned something about how triggers work for you. Keep putting one foot in front of the the other you can do this and we're here for you. I'm early in my recovery but it's not my first go-round. Relapse is part of the process use it to get back on track.  Don't be too hard on yourself either. This group understands how relapses happen..
Relapses are very common. I have had several. The question becomes what can we learn from them? What can we do differently next time? Stumbling is not a negative thing as long as we learn and grow from it...Hand in there. You can do this!!!
Ok.   You fucked up. You owned it. Now what are going to do differently?..Welcome back!
Welcome back! SD is here for you!
[deleted]
Did drinking after your fight help you reconcile things with your boyfriend? Did it put you mentally in a good place? Or was it that you were using it to escape? You can't keep running from the important things you need to face in your life.
You've spent 50 days sober and 1 day drunk that's over 98% success rate. That's so awesome! Don't be ashamed. You're so strong to have admitted your mistake and to come here and talk about it. That and the 50 days is inspirational. Thank you for posting your story.
So this streak will be AT LEAST 60 odd days if not more! When we run towards a goal we may fall over but that goal won't come to us we have to stand up and continue running again!..So stand up... time to run!
[removed]
I'm not the best one to give advice but " keep coming back " to AA meetings and repeating what does work will help keep u sane and mostly sober till u make it for good
Honestly fear is why I'm at 156 days.  The last time I drank was back in August and I got blackout drunk but I'll never forget the feeling I had *before* I started drinking that day.  "This is bad.  I'm about to do something really bad.  Why am I doing this?".  That feeling of pure anxiety I had and knowing I could have stopped myself before doing it has stuck in my brain since.
You should be really proud for the time and work you put into staying sober up until now. Those 50 days are not lost! It sounds like you have a great plan to keep sober this time. I'm not drinking today. Join me! 
Realising I couldn't drink anymore was the catalyst that allowed me to ask for help. Realising I couldn't do it on my own allowed me to accept help (for the first time ever maybe). ..You can do this - we have your back. 
You're back here though!! :-) You can do it. 50 days is a long time and that sober time happened. I'm so glad you are ok and safe. Your honesty about the situation is inspiring to me. It takes courage to say all that and courage to come back. I believe in you!
If I had a muffin for everytime i failed and went back to drinking a few beers id be a fat lad. I wasnt a huge drinker but of what I did drink (to escape/relax etc) poisoned my mind and body. ..What did I do differently? Came on here each day as well as text my wife and mum in Ireland about my faily pledge. Then I myself up against a wall and told my wife if i disrespect her (or myself) again by drinking alcohol to leave me. I may indeed slip up again its entirely possible but every day I wake ip with the same mantra to be better than I was yesterday and not to drink TODAY. ..I know what you're going through. I have immigrated so i have no friends to talk thos through with. I have no friwnds who lead me astray or sober friends to keep me in check or to hang out with. I come on here to read stories and yours struck a cord with me. You can do this and you have shown before that you are strong enough. Let that try and bring peace to your mind. ..Let me know if you need anything
If you can go without a drink for one day which you have demonstrated that you can then you CAN do this. Just worry about this one day. As I figured out more about my triggers I found it useful to have a very specific plan for what I would do should they occur. Using the phone to call my sponsor or another woman from AA has saved my butt more than once. I've even had my sponsor tell me "you're triggered at your work party? Then GET OUT OF THERE!" Having specific instructions from someone who isn't in the midst of the crisis can be a lifesaver! Welcome back!
