-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41pxut/just_some_thoughts/

So I felt like sharing some of my recent thoughts and this board is the only place I thought might be appropriate...I recently stopped drinking during the week.  I decided to do this after I realized drinking every night isn't exactly healthy or necessary.  I think it took me awhile to realize this because 90% of my friends drink every night (wine or beer with dinner seems mandatory) so it felt normal for me.  I only had a large-ish glass of wine (8 oz pour -- I measure my calories for dieting purposes) most evenings.... once in awhile if it was a super crap day at work I'd have a 12 oz glass.  Anyway after not drinking every day these past three weeks I've started to feel pretty incredible.  I've always struggled with depression and after a few days of consistently not imbibing alcohol I just feel lighter.  It's easier to focus on work and I'm not as quick to get upset with people.  By the time the weekend comes I almost don't want to pick up that beer with friends.  But the fear of losing that social interaction wins out and I do pick up the beer which since it's the weekend usually leads to at least 3 or 4 more beers.  Then I feel groggy and depressed the next day.  I rarely do anything I end up regretting.... it's usually just a hangover that sucks and puts me in a bad mood...Logically I know that a sober life would be a happier life but I can't bring myself to leave drinking behind 100%.  It seems insane to me that I realize how healthy and happy I feel on those non-drinking days but I can't let go of the weekend nights even though I hate the way it makes me feel later!  This tug of war of desires makes me feel out of control... but I don't really feel like I have a drinking problem since it's easy for me to live 5 days out of 7 without a drink. ...TL;DR:  I've cut back drinking to only weekends but can't bring myself to quit 100% even though I see how great being sober is especially for my mental health. 
----------immediate responses--------

In my experience moderate healthy drinkers don't have these kinds of struggles.  ..Alcoholic unhealthy drinkers commonly report these exact issues    
Like you I struggled. My relationship with alcohol was like a love affair gone bad. Thank goodness I was eventually able to end it with the help of a therapist and AA. Take care of yourself!
I'm sort of in the same place as you. I'm trying to get 100% sober but i've already slipped up 3 times since initially quitting December 26. Essentially I'm able to easily go 5-6 days straight without drinking but then encounter a social experience or a bad day and I grant myself permission to have a drink. This never fail leads to several drinks and a moderately drunken night but I can jump right back on the wagon the next day. Ultimately I feel pretty good and if you step back and look at the timeframe from Dec 26-Jan 19 my overall levels of drinking have been the very definition of responsible and moderate. ..For me - what makes me certain I have a problem despite being able to successfully moderate are the following two things: ..1) I think about drinking pretty much constantly. While most days without alcohol have actually been pretty OK I still THINK about drinking and/or not drinking so regularly it's unhealthy. I wake up thinking about whether I drank last night I think about how i'll get through today without drinking I think about my plan for the evening without drinking and ultimately I think about when I get to drink next. I'm constantly rationalizing ("If I get through a month I can go back to drinking regularly" "I have a vacation coming up i'll drink then and quit for good after etc". People who have actually able to moderate just moderate their consumption - it's essentially effortless..2) While i've been able to master the 5-6 day strings without drinking I still can't happily moderate my nightly intake. One drink never fail turns to two or three and the thought of only being able to drink ONE drink makes me downright crabby. If I do manage to moderate and only have one drink I find myself thinking "What was the point of drinking at all" and constantly rationalizing why I should be able to have more "I've been so good for the last 5/6 days so what's the issue if I drink a bit more heavily tonight?". Again actual moderate drinkers can have a glass of wine barely get buzzed and be content to shift gears and not drink anymore...These are the main things that make me an alcoholic in my opinion and why I know i've got to kick this habit for good. I still think I hold out some hope that after some undetermined amount of time I'll be able to drink occasionally in a truly responsible way but deep down I know that is highly unlikely. I can't speak for you but the very fact that you're having what you describe as a 'tug of war' in your mind over this and that you've come here but are indicating you 'can't bring yourself to quit 100%" are probably warning signs you're in the same boat as me...
I believe that we are very similar in that I really don't drink to excess the problem is I drink when I said I was not going to and yes that makes me feel out of control.  Jamesjberry's comment below explains it perfectly.   The transition to stop thinking that drinking = fun is a tough one that I am personally trying to conquer.  Not easy. Hang in there. 
