-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41q6kn/people_who_have_relapsed_how_have_your/

I know this might not be a super positive post but I've seen a few threads here and there about people with drinking issues and their SOs...One recently talked about how 'ethical' it was to hide sobriety from a significant other. I have to admit I hid mine for a little bit...My reasoning right or wrong was this: I wanted to see if I had it in me to make the necessary life adjustments to make this a permanent change or at least give it one hell of a shot. I didn't want to make it 5 or 6 days in and then cave and having my girlfriend......what? Maybe lose faith in me? Maybe grow concerned I had a huge problem (yeah I do but I still don't know exactly how much she feels I do)...Maybe she would think I lied to her? Or to myself?..And then what happens next time? Would I become the boy who cried wolf? ..I know I personally grew frustrated when I was dating my ex-wife when she tried to give up smoking. To her credit she eventually did but not after a lot of fights while we were engaged as she went though the process...So back to my post title for those that have experienced relapses what have been the reactions of your boyfriends girlfriends spouses etc. Supportive? Resentful? Condescending? ..One of the layers of armor that I have against a drink is the shame I think I would feel. Good or bad it's part of my 'strategy.'..Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

I have a hard time making a distinction between actual relapse and the countless times I half-heartedly "quit". I never made it more than a week sober before I got serious but I did tell my wife that I was quitting many many times only to be back at it within a matter of days...Her response was largely concern and sadness. It was heartbreaking. I definitely didn't care too much about my own well-being but it hurt so much to let her down time and time again...I can understand keeping drinking problems mum within a professional setting but I frankly consider it utter cowardice when people hide their efforts to get sober from their own family and friends. 
Over the last thee years (since I started seeking help) my wife would treat me like a criminal when i relapsed. We had horrible fights and usually I said things I didn't mean. I would end up making promises I didn't always keep. So trying to trick myself into conforming I decided to say "I'm not going to disappoint or hurt my wife today". . In away it actually means more to me than quitting drinking. Weird I know but hey I feel more positive about it. 
My husband finally divorced me.  I'd clean up my act for awhile; but the lying sneaking around and all the cover-up games always crept back and he was not going to be second to a can of beer.  It's as simple as that.  The fact is though at that time I was quitting for him not for me.
At 32 years old I had a typical nightly consumption of 12-15 drinks after work. This had been going on since graduation. Mid 2014 my flourishing career experienced a hiccup. I almost drank myself to death for the next 4 months lived in cheap hotels couldn't find a job. Family surprised me with a full on intervention. Went to rehab for 2 months and did sober living for another 2 months. Finally found a decent job and decided to dabble back into booze. Family found out. It fucking crushed them. They cannot look at me the same anymore. ..TLDR- it devastated them and did irreparable damage to our relationship 
My experience: Initially supportive; long term resentful. This is with another alcoholic. They understand the disease but deep down they know they aren't going to be able to stay in a relationship with an active alcoholic so the resentment sets in. Cue death of relationship. 
[deleted]
ummmm my husband wasn't very supportive the first time around. He cleaned the house the day I came home from inpatient picked up all my empty bottles around the house and that was about it. He yelled at me a lot when I mentioned having a craving we fought a lot he told my doctors he would give the liquor stores my picture so they couldn't sell to me anymore (I/doctors asked him to) but he never did.... so I relapsed. He didn't say anything at all. Never yelled at me never even brought it up I didn't drink in front of him but he knew and you could smell it on me (2 pints of rum a day). This time around IDC (or try not to) what he says/doesn't say/do. He is trying this time to be supportive but its hard for him to understand. We fought a little about it (my mood swings detoxing &amp; him talking to the neighbors about my journey but not me got me heated). He got a friends wife to get the phone and pressure me to go to a bonfire with drinking but I wasn't ready. He says things outloud that should be in his head and things in his head about him being proud of me is only said to my neighbors but not directly to me.... its weird lol. He asks how I am feeling understands when I don't feel well pushes me to get out of the house (I asked him to so that bonfire thing was complicated) understanding when the doctors told me to quit my job caring about my health from my bad choices I have made drinking so much he is nicer. My therapist(via doctors office) had him come in on one of my sessions and talked about how serious my liver could be and what his throughts were/what I was like drinking - which I think helped a ton! He helped me make my version of AA Chips. He isn't making me cook two dinners (I am on a diet and he wouldn't eat my food although now he is eating mine lol) and is trying to help me around the house more to reduce stress. ..Summary: First time he was a complete dick: mean unsupportive etc. After my relapse he has some dick moments (more of him not thinking) and he is trying/doing a lot to help me...I may have rambled lol sorry.High Five on topic tho!
I have said more than a few times that I was going to go on a break or stop entirely only to start again a few days later. My boyfriend is the most supportive and understanding person I know. He drinks as well so I'm sure that plays a part in his not really seeming bothered when I fall off the wagon. He has been very concerned before when he's come home from work and I had played hookie so that I could drink all day and I'd just be blackout drunk. :-(..He is supportive of my decision to stop this time and every time. He even offered to quit with me. We stopped for about 3 months together last year and having someone with me on that journey made all the difference. He's great really.
