-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41um0m/failure_hopelessness_and_moderation/

As I have read many times here most agree that moderation is not an option. I have struggled with this. I WANT it to be an option for me! However after many failed attempts and broken rules I am finally accepting that it is not an option for me. It makes me mad though! Why can't I be normal?..My most recent attempt at moderation ended as most would expect.  One glass of wine turned into 3/4 of a bottle. Only stopping at that because I finished the bottle and refused to get more. Telling myself I just needed to get it out of the house because it had been calling my name all week. This whole thing left me feeling depressed hopeless and like a complete failure. I am so tired of that feeling. ..I had been doing good for over a week and feeling positive. Now I have to fight my way back from the darkness again. After I struggled to gain my composure...after much crying and negative self talk I began to realize that I learned something from this. I needed these missteps over the past months in order to get to the point where I can admit/accept that I am not able to moderate. ..What it more frustrating is that a family member doesn't see my issue as a problem because I seem to have it together on the outside. This family member even so much as suggested I try mixed drinks instead of wine and only have 1! What the hell is that??  It took every ounce of control not to lose it on this person. They knew I was upset and responded by saying "I feel like I have been crying out for help by expressing my concern and no one is taking it seriously." Just because I have been good at hiding my hangover and empty bottles it must not exist (lol). I know that I need to stop relying on others to see it. If I feel that I have a problem then that is enough. I don't need approval from others when it comes to my health. ..I have to keep reminding myself of this simple saying "when I do good I feel good. When I do bad I feel bad." Simple and direct. ..Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Despite your relapse you got stronger wiser and a little more experience for it. Keep it up. The fight will get easier...I've had a similar path. My relapses initially seem like a well-deserved reward for good behaviour. They quickly turned into terrible reminders of how slippery that slope is. (One is the most difficult number of drinks to have.) I am grateful that after some initial progress towards regular sobriety the enjoyment of alcohol and drunkenness I used to have every day just isn't there anymore. I'm ready to leave that life behind...At some point your sobriety becomes more valuable than anything anyone else says. It becomes more valuable than any situation awkward situation you're in. It sounds to me like you're pretty close to that point...These days I drink a lot of club soda. I add a lime if I'm feeling fancy... Good luck friend..
If we could moderate we already would have...Thing is a life in recovery - not drinking not drugging - is not losing anything - not for us.  We are losing flashing lights in the rearview mirror getting to know the toilet bowl very very well lies and broken promises to ourselves loved ones bosses friends - the consequences off those lies -  we are losing a way to break down our self esteem on a daily basis..... 
This post really resonates with me thanks so much for sharing! I have friends who just don't get it and even though I know I shouldn't worry about what they think they make me feel like I can handle moderation. I've failed one too many times though so I'm now seeking help from people who understand. The more people I talk to who support me and help me the stronger I feel and the less I care about my friends opinions. And I agree gotta do what makes us feel good :)
Yeah I haven't even told my family yet. I don't look like an alcoholic from the outside but I can't really moderate. Or at least I can moderate in front of them (family members) but then I drink more in secret later when they aren't looking. Just because they don't think I have a problem doesn't mean I don't have one. I know myself the best. They only see me a few times a year anyway...Some people just will never understand what it is to have a compulsive relationship with alcohol. The good part is that all of us on this subreddit DO understand! And so do AA folks. I really really wish I were "normal" too. But I really don't think I am.
Thanks for sharing. I feel that if you're "wired" like we are moderation unfortunately is not an option. You sound like you've come to the conclusion that you need to stop. Period...Congrats! That's a great first step. ..Keep coming back.
I found it really frustrating when people weren't supportive of my quitting &amp; I found it frustrating when people expressed concerns about my drinking. Basically the whole process of drinking and quitting was exhausting. I'm so glad I stopped drinking!..The good news is that we can get sober despite the opinions of others. It sounds to me like this family member doesn't get it. And in a way that is a really good thing I am hopeful that they don't get it because they don't have this issue themselves. That is why I find it so helpful to surround myself with other sober drunks because they get me. Like this place!..Thank you so much for your post. Here's to another 24!
..I will say I am lucky enough to have a family that *does* understand my path to being sober but this post is still important because the despair over not being able to moderate is the early part of the process when you realize that what other people get to enjoy "on the town" just isn't who we are. ..And something else you have gained is there are some really  good comments below your post. A very subtle form of (something) is when people might want to post short posts but your note has multi issues so the people here take more time than average sites on the net. ..We're mostly here because our lives are at stake. Lots of the rest of the net it's all "lol".  No "lol" here from us!.
Thank you  for everyone's support and comments. While I have some family members who don't get it I am lucky enough that my husband had been alcohol free for almost 8 years. Having the opportunity to talk to him helps. Happy day to all. .Edit- has been alcohol free
I can relate folks don't think people who seem to have it together let the wine control them. But usually it is the type who seem most disciplined on the outside who needed that drink the most because they have no other way to relax (or so I thought).
