-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41vi4e/new_to_sub_need_advice_anything_will_help_plz/

Hey i stumbled on to this awesome sub last night. some back story. i am not an alcoholic. but my mother is. has been my whole life 20yr old. shes always struggled with alcoholism. has been sober for years at a time but relapsing is always the case. i stopped being angry at her long ago. i know she tries her hardest every time she stops. shes been sober eh about a month now. i sent her an email lastnight that contained this post. " That's right folks I am rocking quadruple digits today. It's like watching an odometer roll over...1000 Day Ones in a row!!.Some of you White Belts might be wondering how I did it. So I will give you what advice I can..1) Don't worry about the small shit. Worry is a waste of imagination..2) Most of the stuff you're accustomed to worrying about? It's small shit..3) The big shit? Don't worry about that either. Do something about it instead..4) If you want to be a good guitarist you hang out with guitar players. If you want to be a good chess player you find the places where people play chess and you play. If you want to remain sober find the places that sober people hang out. For me that's AA. If you want to go back to drinking hang out with drinkers..5) Don't talk about quitting with anyone. If you relapse you damage your credibility. Just quit and let them figure it out for themselves..5) Worried about what people will think if you're at a party sober? See Item 1 above. All you need to say if anything is that you've decided not to drink today..6) Today is all there is. Today is the only day you have to defend against the urge to drink. Tomorrow can take care of itself. We say "One Day at a Time" like it's a bumper sticker. It's not. It's a proven successful strategy. 7) There are other proven successful strategies as well. You'll learn about them by hanging out with the sober people that use them. Open your mind and listen..8) You are not a special little snowflake so different from all the rest that the things that worked for other people won't work for you. We are all the same...rich poor young old smart stupid all races genders religions cultures. There's alcoholics all around you. You have a lot in common with all of them but if you compare your differences you distance yourself from the help you need..9) We all need help. Pride and ego get in the way of asking for it and that's something that needs to go. Because when we get better even by a little bit we can then GIVE the help that someone else needs to save themselves. And there is no high like that one. No molecule you could ever stuff into your body will make you fell as good as when you help someone else..10) And this is the big one. The Big Truth with a capital "T". We're not in this to sober up. We're not in this to stop drinking..We're in this to become happy" .she said it took her from feeling shitty 0 to 110 when she read it. this made me feel great and i was hoping you guys could share more awesome quotes anything like that so i can make it maybe a daily thing to send her an email etc.. it was awesome thanks so much. ..tl:dr moms severe alcoholic whole life shes been sober 1 month want to share inspirational storys/quotes you guys have to keep her going strong. any advice is appreciated thank you all!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I do pictures with quotes almost every night. Depends on how much free time I spent surfing the web lol
[removed]
This is from another user (soberapok) post but it really hit home for me...So I can call myself "alcoholic." "Problem drinker." "Victim of peer pressure." "Guy with a medical condition." "Man with coping issues." "One whose brains is wired differently." "Dude who makes bad decisions around alcohol."..But let me ask you this: If you were covered in flames would you care if someone referred to you as "On fire" "Inflamed" "Water deficient" "Someone who should stay away from a gas station" "Engulfed in a chemical reaction" or "An individual currently enduring a significant variation in their normal temperature range"?..Or could you just simplify it as "I have an issue that really should be dealt with immediately!".."I've come to appreciate that while it can be good to recognize a thing I don't always need to get hung up on or understand all the specifics of that thing in order to deal with it."
