-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/41w9u3/being_new_in_the_program_again/

Being new in the program again... ..You need help but you're not the Shiny New Person. People you've known for years don't give you their number and tell you to call. People don't surround you after the meeting. People make plans for dinner in front of you but don't invite you. You feel more isolated. ..I picked up after a meeting a week ago because I felt like an outcast. It's bad enough my family won't talk to me but these are other alcoholics......When you relapse a couple times you start to feel viral. ..Anyone have this experience? What did you do? Should I just keep showing up and hope that they'll warm up to me after I get some time? Or should I find new meetings?..I have to add that I did leave the program a few years ago because I was going through some heavy life stuff and folks just stopped talking to me. Maybe it's me...I also heard that there's a woman in this group in an abusive relationship. A friend told me her friends collectively decided they weren't going to support her. As a survivor she called them out but the woman is still not well-regarded. As someone who recently got out of an abusive relationship I'm not sure I can handle more rejection or even feel safe talking about it. .
----------immediate responses--------

In my past attempts to quit I really struggled with this. Some meetings felt very clickish. I hear what your saying. I would definitely try different meetings. I am struggling right now wondering if I should go tonight. Everything so raw right now I think that being in a new situation is difficult in any circumstances.  So that would be amplified. It's not you.
It's sad this happens.  People are still people.  As a past chronic relapser I know what you are talking about.  I just  kept going to meetings  made a points of talking to older people with long term sobriety  got a good sponsor and focused on the program.  I also asked for help when I needed it asked lots of questions.   Peopled don't  have to like me and don't owe me anything.  Sometimes these cliques take me back to high school days. I talk to those people who need someone to talk to now because I know what they feel like.  I focus my energy on making my life better and being of service to others.   Have you considered doing service work?
I wont reject you.  I will not drink with you today and will stick around this place for you.  I need this place.  good luck. 
Find another meeting.  This group sounds dysfunctional. Don't give up.
I have been in AA for long time. Meetings vary.  I would definitely go to some where there is no history. Also remember reaching out is a 2 way street.  Maybe you need to be the one to pick out a newcomer.  We all have something to offer.
