-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4204g7/the_romanticism_is_gone/

For the past 8 years I've thought that drinking a lot was a classic way of life. I thought other people who told people to stop were prudes. I thought going off the deep end and hitting it hard was not only fine but cool. As long as you can keep your shit together go for it. I never was a drinker who got in fights or was mean or didn't make it to work on time. I just always felt like shit until the next drink. I find myself constantly justifying drinking because I'll read about old school alcoholics from the '50s and think those guys or gals are cool I'm being way too serious about not drinking. Just pull it back a bit don't drink everyday and it's fine. For the past two months I've been trying to stop. Failed about 15 times at this point I know pathetic. Pretty much goes two days no drinking then relapse. Well today is day 4 and I'm feeling some momentum. For the first time in a while I am thinking about what I'm going to do after work and it's not drinking. I may see a movie. Just get to day 5. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey retport11 stay strong!! Grab yourself a badge. I found it easier to stay sober when I was busy out doing stuff. One day at a time :)
I romanticised alcohol too it seems ridiculous to me now. I have completely transformed how I view it.
Kudos for four days!
Right there with you! Keep it going
Dirty Harry drinking smoothies would have looked weird but life isn't a movie you can do it to day 5!
Yeah! WELCOME! Grab yerself a seat have a cup of coffee and some doughnuts on the table over yonder! I have been in your position so many times and have failed countless times but as the saying goes fall down nine times get up ten. :)..I hope you stick around! The people here are so wonderfully supportive and loving and we all know what each other is going through. There is something really comforting in knowing that. ..Good luck!
Keep that momentum going! Pretty soon four days will equal five then 10 then 592. One day at a time!
I am totally with with you. When I was a kid in the 70's my role model was not a hockey player (I live in a hockey city). No sir. It was Jim Morrison. We all know how the story ends but for me it was just the beginning. Wow. Changing the world and dying at 27. Well. I did not change the world (neither did he BTW). And I'm not dead at 27. Drinking is not a way of life. It's a way of dying. 
SAME. Going to school for writing/journalism locked down a culture of binge drinking and general alcoholism based on the "great writers" who did the same stuff. It's a hard association to shake. 
