-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42b5lk/691200_seconds/

8 days sober. .192 hours without a hungover..11520 minutes not worrying about poor decisions made..691200 seconds of no guilt or shame...I am not celebrating 8 days but relishing in the feeling of health. About to embark on my second weekend sober and excited at the prospects. Sobriety is hard there have been days of heavy emotions questioning why am I doing this. ..I went to my first outing with co workers last night. I sipped on cold water all night and no one bothered me as long as a cup was in my hand. At the same time the smell of alcohol was teasing/stressing and so early in recovery I knew I had to get out of there. I did not relapse but I see how in that situation there is the potential for it. Now that I have rambled on multiple topics its time for coffee and starting this day sober and happy. 
----------immediate responses--------

relishing in the feeling of health..I agree with you on this.  Congrats on your journey and remember the journey is the reward.  :-)
I like the breakdown of hours minutes seconds. Congrats on kicking the first week's ass!
on the math subject my theory is 1 day sober = -2 days wasted..&gt; questioning why am I doing this..I try not to spend too much time doing that I know going sober is the right thing to do..
Congrats. My second weekend too. Feeling great and trying to stay away from temptind situations. Working out watching tennis doing errands... At this stage I need to keep busy...We can do this!!
Glad to hear you made it out sober!..Even though I feel many newcomers (myself included!) scoff at the idea of dry people dry places early in sobriety I have come to realize the wisdom of it. ..God knows that stopping drinking was hard enough; I did not need the added stress of being around the stuff! Why make this more stressful than it has to be?!..Here's to another 24 hours to you. Just for today. 
.Yep! We're on the same timeline. ..I'm gonna chip in another few days! (I do best oddly enough a chunk of days at a time). ..Ps we need more people in the chat! .https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/?nick=pick_a_name..
