-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42bgt2/dating_me_and_my_sobriety/

Day 385: Kitten has not imbibed. Morning mantra: I am an alcoholic I will not drink today steps 1-3 serenity prayer 3rd step prayer. Dating and sobriety very interesting lol. ..Alcohol is but a symptom of a deeper problem for me. But alcohol isn't the only thing I used to cover up the issues. I use men and friendships food etc. If it's not one thing it's the other. I've been sober a little over a year and went out on my first date since choosing the sobie life. It's been amazing. ..It's been amazing knowing that the choices I make are not clouded by alcohol. The judgment I exercise are my own conscious decisions. I've been able to experience the butterflies the attraction the happiness of being with someone who wants to be with me. I know myself just enough (because I'm still learning so much about who I am each day) to know what I don't want what I do want and what I will not stand for. There's so much power in that. ..I listened to the suggestions of others when they suggested no dating in the first year. In hindsight I am more grounded and not such a hot mess as I was during the first few months of my sobriety which contributes to my being able to really get to know that person and appreciate that person for who they are. It's amazing but I am also able to give them things that I didn't know I had to give like friendship laughter and someone who is genuinely there for them. I mean what I say now it's not just placations. ..There are still struggles. I don't want to loose what I've found in myself by melding into another. I've never wanted that and I definitely don't want that now. It's struggle to find a balance between myself and this "couple" I now find myself in. But because of my sobriety I can say that I accept that this is the situation as it is now not as the fantasy I can make it out to be. And I know when I should pull back when need be. That's one of the greatest things. ..Thanks for listening fellow sobies I hope everyone is well and I appreciate having SD here. Stay safe out there. Kitten out. 
----------immediate responses--------

I took the same suggestion as yourself. One of the best decisions I've ever made in my first year. ..I used to have a list of red flags. I've now thrown them out and only have a list of green ones. Yeah that's how much my perspective has changed! ..Your post is super timely for me. You said a lot of the things I needed to hear. I'm going to start dating again when I meet a woman I really I want to get to know better.  ..Keep rocking it!!
I haven't been strict about the waiting one year to date rule of thumb myself but I also found in the last 8 months... I'm totally okay being single; dating is just... naturally on the back burner. I want to do a triathlon finish law school hike a lot learn all kinds of things. And I *really* want to do those things *more* than find a boyfriend - crazy! :P ..The last few years were jumping from bad boyfriend to bad boyfriend to sleeping-with-a-guy-and-hoping-that-meant-we-were-dating...My current outlook is so much more...relaxed. Like that would be great if it happened but I am genuinely 100% okay with where I am at right *now* " ..It's a novel feeling for me. I don't feel like I need to 'put up' with bad guys anymore because being along was too scary to think about. The time I've spent sober is also the longest I've been single in my adult life and it's been *great* ..Edited to add:.."And I know when I should pull back when need be. That's one of the greatest things." ..This resonates so much. I'm sure I'd feel this even strong if I waited a year but I feel like I know myself and what I want so much better now and I have the strength and courage and self confidence to be able to *walk away*.
What a great post. I made the complete opposite decision - I didn't date that much and was horrible around women drunk but sober me started dating quickly and found out he had so much more game than before...The key here which you touched upon is that alcohol was a solution for me not a problem. We have to properly diagnose the problem.
You continue to rock my socks. 
I assumed you were posting to ask for help (probably because I have done so so many times haha) but hot damn you are so HEALTHY! get ittttt
I did not accept the one year dating rule. I firmly believe in the no RELATIONSHIPS suggestion but to completely avoid the opposite sex..just wasnt realistic for me. There was no chance in hell I could stay sober and be celibate...But that being said it's funny that I read this post..now that i'm approaching my one year I feel less and less motivated to date and have been I also am noticing how INCREDIBLY picky I am with men. I'm not sure if my increasingly high standards are a result of my newly discovered self-love but it feels amazing to not accept less than what I want out of fear of being "alone."..You sound like you're in a really good and healthy place and totally wish you the best!!..I'm curious..are dating "normies" or other sobies or both?.
That's awesome!  One of the main contributing factors to my first attempt at sobriety (three years ago) ending at the 6th month mark was due to a boyfriend who refused to believe I was actually an alcoholic because he met me during my sobriety and could not accept that I was ever out of control so I started to believe him and that maybe I wasn't an alcoholic and ended up drinking.  I really wish I had followed the first year rule.  Maybe things would be different now...I'm very early into my sobriety right now (less than a week) and the thought of not dating or even hooking up with someone for an entire year seems impossible even though I personally know how important that is for maintaining sobriety.  ..I'm curious if you have a rule in place in regards to whether to only date fellow sober people?  
Thanks for that great post kitten and you've earned your happiness.  Atm I run away if I think anyone is remotely interested and as it is early days in my recovery I will just wait patiently until the right one comes along.  At least I know I'm not interested in a heavy drinker.  Out of curiosity does your boyfriend drink?
