-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42ceow/so_i_has_been_2_weeks_now/

...and I am feeling much better I actually ran 2 times my normal routine and would ran further but It's pretty cold in here and and I have some call and I had to stop for a while and then "f*ck why am I feeling so cold now gotta go home as soon as possible". And another thing I was in a company of few people and they like everyone else hadn't know about my problem I am having and I got complimented how am I reacting so fast to the conversation with jokes (which was mainly compiled from memories which I had with certain person) and many times I get "how do you still remember". It was a huge relieve that my memory is intact or it seems that way....Still on the Xanax not going to lie so after my problem improve beyond that Alcohol is going to be a past history I am going to started taper it off again. But nevertheless many problems with I blame Xanax from was actually from Alcohol....I have it easy taking another CNS depressant which Alcohol is but I urge you it is worth it to stop. Your life probably become harder if your....well I am not going to fall again for it with my advices but let's say I had and still have some sort of crutches which helps me with not needing to drink. But what 2 weeks after almost 2 years of heavy drinking could do it's a amazing. So please people drop your bottles and 6 packs 12 packs and so on. It is so worth it. You escape this sort of "brain haze" and something which seems impossible you now know how to do it or where to gather information how to do it. It had been a certainly pretty hard lesson in my life and I've become a Alcohol's b*tch something which controlled me. I wasn't in charge of my life. Don't let that ever happened to you because living sober even for few weeks after drinking somewhat everything good comes back. You enjoy good meal good conversation and so on. And even though as I've said earlier that no other then my doctor knows about this people around recognize that something is much better about you....And I don't know about you but people around me is my life so this is super important to me. I am almost want to cry that I didn't see it before. Keep it up and I have fingers crossed for all of you here. Being sober is far more uplifting then being f*cked up on Alcohol. It's like world suddenly gets better. Hopefully this help someone who struggle. You all can do it. Thanks for great people who made this sub and people who took a courage to wrote their stories without you I am not sure if I would be where I am now. And it encourages me to not only drop Alcohol but also other bad stuff in my life I could not thank you enough...And obviously somewhat I wrote "I" instead of "it" in the headline I was so eager to share this with you that I forgot that I am not an English native speaker so if anyone can fix that. I would be grateful. I made mistakes especially when you wrote and talked for the whole day in Czech and then you hop on the Internet and wrote in different language. Hopefully somewhat could relate to this issues which doesn't have anything to do with drugs you pour or swallow into yourself. I am ashamed for such a dumb mistake.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here!  Your English is many times better than my Czech!  
Good job on the 2 weeks! it must be hard in Czech republic with a strong drinking culture from what I (don't) remember.
Don't be ashamed - this is a great post.  Congratulations on your 2 weeks!
Appreciate your thoughts and encouragement! I'm a runner as well and it's probably the reason I can even try to stay sober. Being in a running group joining a team or even having friends to run with is a great way to keep yourself feeling connected (and get your miles in). I really liked how you put it "people around me is my life" I totally agree. It's weird but being able to stay sober and positive makes me look for those qualities in other people as well as myself. Makes my positive choices that much better and it's easier to keep other habits in line. Anyway take care and thanks!
