-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42eg45/five_days_in_and_honestly_my_biggest_discomfort/

This is truly the first time since my first drink fourteen years ago that I feel the real strength within me to quit. I always lasted about three weeks or I would give up one day shy of a full month. This time feels different. I'm not sure what brought on my epiphany (perhaps it was my sobering frantic research that suggested my premature graying hair is due to a deficiency of vitamin B-12 which is linked to alcoholism....pun totally intended). I've been cuddled with my dog for almost five days as I've quit hoping for consolation but I've managed to finish a great book start a new one clean my SO's entire house to perfection clean my own home and start back on my diet. My biggest experiment is to determine whether or not my depression and undesirable attitude / outlook on life is connected to heavy drinking. I remember a time when I was often complimented for smiling and I felt it my duty to greet strangers compliment others bring a smile to the faces around me. For a couple of years now that has slowly faded. I've been in a jaded spell hidden under a cloak of misery. But I'm ready to abandon that unhappy coward. I've taken pauses here for five days mentally bored and anxious yes but without clouds in my head. I feel clear conscious creative sincere. In this moment (what a great band but that's irrelevant...) I think I might miss drunk karaoke day drinking buzzed beach-going etc....but why? Why are we convinced that slamming down many a cocktail o' poison is the only initiation to our fun? I think I can get passed that amateur way of "enjoying" life. And I want to have "intellectual" conversations with living beings away from a bar stool. Today on day five I'm struggling but mostly with the question as to how I ended up here? But I wish to move forward one step at a time; my journeying into day five and my first feat today will be a small conquest of killing my unusual cravings for sugar with chocolate-covered pistachios. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've heard that we remove a lot of sugar from our diets when cutting out our alcoholic drinks so our body craves that. I will tell you it will not last forever so I would just keep at it and get through it and be done with it for good!
&gt;I think I can get passed that amateur way of "enjoying" life. And I want to have "intellectual" conversations with living beings away from a bar stool..That hits me hard and a big motivator for me to enjoy this new way of life. ..As far as the sugar cravings? I think I won't be much help but for me staying sober was NUMBER ONE in my first month so if I wanted some chocolate or snacks....it was happening. Ha! It's way better now but I was stuck in that "SO YOU'RE TELLING ME I CAN'T ENJOY ANYTHING?!" phase for a hot minute (holidays were tough!) Now I'm more in tune with how my body reacts to too much sugar not enough sleep too much diary etc. so I can adjust accordingly...Best of luck and congrats on 5 days!
I feel you!  The amount of ice cream and gummy worms I've had over the past weeks is pretty crazy.  But it's helping us fill this void that we trying stuffing full w poison for far too long...Keep it up!
.Hmm I didn't know specifically about B12. I just figured I wasn't taking care of myself and it was slowly showing up somewhere. I'm 41 and my hair is getting a little salt but my beard comes in half grey so I tend to keep it a bit shorter lately. ..I'm kinda doing a sugar rush today too! But I'm okay with that. Later I can work back on diet plans. ..
