-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42eqra/two_weeks_today_thanks_to_this_subreddit/

Today was the hardest. Pacing back and forth at my place. Struggling to not go out and buy liquor (just for tonight sure!). Reading through the advice and stories in this subreddit helped me make it though the crisis and now I'm chilling with a book and some tea. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations - on two weeks and especially on getting through tonight. These nights got a lot less frequent for me pretty fast. Each time I got through I had more evidence that I didn't have to drink.
Second week was hard for me and nights. I am only week three but it continually gets better so far. I try to stay bust at moments like that...Someone on here taught me a trick (it is actually for procrastination but I find it work to pass a craving and calm down when I am angry too) to help: Do a 100 things.  Anything. Place 13 dishes in the dishwasher -13 put away shoes left in the living room - 15. Check your email -16. Delete your spam.... if you are me you are over a hundred at that point lol. ..It takes your mind off things and focuses you on something else you are being productive at the same time...Anyway I am glad you are feeling better! What kind of tea are you drinking?..High Five for 2 weeks!
The first few weeks was an intense struggle for me exactly like what you experienced. It will get easier. I'm glad this subreddit has helped you. Also always remember to thank yourself too! You are doing this. No one is doing it for you. You rock and that needs to be acknowledged. Keep it up!
&gt; Pacing back and forth at my place...I was doing that several hours in a row it's only a few minutes now
Congrats! Good job - I'm hoping it gets easier the longer I stay sober. High Five for getting through a tough night!
.Comin' right up behind ya. ..Is it worth it to splurge a little on yummy things to eat?..The first couple of weeks are tough!.
