-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42geez/aa_rehab/

Feeling very alone today. I will not drink today but I just want to cry all the time. I'm feeling very terrified about my substance use. I didn't realize it until I came back to school last week and immediately fell into old patterns. ..I was wondering if anyone would like to share their experience with AA smart recovery rehab (inpatient or outpatient) and anything in between.  I've been struggling a lot this weekend and hearing about other people's paths to sobriety will definitely help...Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

The "wanting to cry all the time" in early sobriety definitely resonates with me. I think I was an emotional basket case. For me getting honest with a therapist reading some good books about alcoholism and going to Refuge Recovery meetings (meeting other sober people) have all been really helpful for me. The last especially; after several relapses I decided I needed group support but our local AA meetings were ...not helpful to me. I lucked out by finding an alternative (buddhist-based) recovery group. Don't let me scare you away from checking out AA though; particularly if you live in a big city there are lots of different sorts of meetings and you can pick and choose plus other groups such as SMART and RR. Best of luck!
Hello and welcome. Feeling emotional was my experience too. Crying is good though. I went to rehab and highly recommend it if you have the opportunity. I also got a therapist and involved in AA. 
I really credit my recovery to CBT but I've done a lot of recovery programs also. AA has the most meetings in my area and that is where I met the most people. An average meeting here is someone telling their story of what it was like before and after they got sober Sometimes they read from literature or have a topic meeting each meeting is different but They are very welcoming to newcomers. .Atheists can work the program but it is spiritual by nature and big on step work. SMART recovery starts with a check in followed by group discussion about a topic that everyone agrees on. Their work book includes exercises on staying sober and managing triggers and cravings.  Refuge recovery starts with a meditation followed by a speaker/reading/or writing that seemed very similar to AA inventories. Utilize whatever is avaliable right now you can determine what's best for you - are you on a college campus? Sometimes they have centers for students in recovery who can take you to meetings
I got sober in an inpatient rehab and I credit that with being the best decision I've ever made. I'd isolated myself while drinking and being surrounded by people I could relate to although disconcerting at first was very comforting to me. The group therapy sessions opened my eyes to the fact that I wasn't the only person in the world with problems; lots of people were going through the same difficulties I was. There was also one-on-one counseling where I was able to open up a little more. My month there really helped set the foundation for my recovery...My counselor in rehab helped connect me with an IOP (Intensive Outpatient) group therapy program that I actually started the day I got out of rehab. It consisted of three 3-hour sessions per week meeting with a counselor and about seven other men in recovery. I went to IOP for four months. IOP was a great tool for reintegrating myself into society; rehab had been a safe environment completely free of temptation and IOP helped me learn how to deal with the difficulties the real world offered. My counselor here helped me create a program of recovery that I'm still using today...One of the biggest pieces of my recovery program is AA. I've been going to AA since I got sober. It's the best recovery program for me though it isn't for everyone. I started out going to meetings every day sometimes several meetings per day. There's something comforting to me about being in a room full of people who have all gone through the maelstrom of emotion and confusion of alcoholism and come out the other side. Our stories are all different but the underlying themes are all the same: living sober. Listening to others stories I've learned little tips and tricks I can use day to day when life throws me a curve ball.
