-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42ivjg/day_6_struggling_but_staying_positive/

I'm on day 6 of not drinking and it has been interesting. I've told a few of my friends that I intend to completely quit and was pleasantly surprised at how understanding they were once we got past the initial jokes. I just kept telling them that for whatever reason I can't drink like a normal person. And throughout these past few days I have kept reminding myself that no matter how many reasons there are to quit drinking the most important is that I am honestly happier when I don't drink. ..I also attended two AA meetings this last week and although I'm still not sure if it is for me it's been nice to meet other people who have made the same decision to quit. One of the recurring comments that these very supportive people have made is "I didn't realize how sick I was until I got well." ..I've tried quitting before but never with support. I am optimistic despite the unwavering feeling that this is going to be a long daunting challenge..."The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am then I can change." 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!!  Keep it up. You can do this!!
Being honest with myself is helping beyond belief. I will share in your optimism and not drink with you today!
High five for that quote!! Congrats on day 6 and I am happy that your friends are understanding and that you found happiness...[I can't like a normal person either](http://imgur.com/rLYHmxI)..
Just remember that Bill W. said that everything in AA is suggestive only. I'm an atheist but I still enjoy going to meetings. I just ignore the god/HP/spirituality. Just like this forum it's just good to have a community of drunks that have shared experiences and can help keep each other sober. Also check to see if there are SMART recovery meetings where you live. Congrats on day 6.
"If I could drink like normal people I'd do it everyday" ..Congrats on six days keep it up..
