-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42izeb/3_weeks_but_struggling_with_sleeping/

So when I go to sleep tonight(if I sleep) I'll be three weeks sober which is awesome and I'm super happy about that. In the first 2 weeks I slept like I've never slept before. 10 hours a night and just couldn't get enough.. But over the last week I've been sleeping less and less. I am starting to get a lot of anxiety about bed time! I'm so exhausted all the time and I'm starting to think about drinking myself to sleep. I don't want to drink!!! ..I work full time and I'm in school so I know that's contributing to my stress lately but I don't know if anyone has recommendations??? I usually take benedryl but nothing's helping! Im trying melatonin tonight. I'm really getting desperate! Anyone else been through this a few weeks in? Maybe I should see my doctor about a prescription? The lack of sleep is really starting to mess with my mental state. Thank you so much for listening to my rant! I know this is trivial but it's a huge trigger for me.
----------immediate responses--------

For me Melatonin works well. The best thing that helped my sleep was exercise.  My personal experience it is easy to get hooked on Lunesta or Ambian.  They say its not addictive but can be "habit forming" which to me meant the same thing.  .
What works best for me is exercise.  Tires out the body.   Also I've learned not to take any caffeine after 3 PM.  Good luck to you!
Hi -  Someone on this sub suggested Aleve PM to me when I was having early sleeping issues.  It's over the counter and worked pretty well I thought.  Although during my first two weeks I would take a sleeping med and it would work one night and then my body would shut it down the next.  Pretty amazing.  That happened with Melatonin and Aleve PM but now there are no problems with it.  Basically you want these over the counter meds to get you back to your normal sleep pattern.  Once you achieve that you won't need them.   Sweet Dream.
I had the same experience. I changed a few things that helped me set a sleep schedule that works for me...* Be as active as possible during the day so I'm tired at night.* No caffeine after 11am.* If something is bothering me I talk to someone about it ASAP so it doesn't follow me to bed.* Meditate in the evening to calm my mind.* Go to bed during the same 30 minute window every night.* Set my alarm for the same time every morning and get up when it goes off..When my sleep schedule does get knocked off target which happens from time to time I opt for 5mg melatonin 20 minutes before bedtime.  Shifting my routine to accommodate these changes took some time to perfect but that's sort of unavoidable. Sleeping at night is something we can only practice once a day so there's no way to rush progress and not much point in stressing over that fact.
let me know how the mealtonin works for you. It helps me get to a state that I can sleep but sometimes I feel like I "miss the window".
