-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42k1xx/day_13_and_benifits_so_far/

So I am almost at the 2 week mark and have made it through 2 weekends so far last night I slept the best I have ever slept in years one of the biggest changes is how long it takes me to fall asleep now usually I would toss and turn for around 3 hours then wake up in the middle of the night well not anymore when I wake up I feel great my home is much more ordially and I am getting so much more done my husband mentioned how much better my completion had gotten yesterday and that made me feel great I even went shopping yesterday with all the money I have saved. Don't get me wrong there are still struggles but these benifits so far are definatly out waying the hard times I just hope I can keep it up I will not drink today thank you everyone for all the support on here it definatly has made this process a lot easier xx
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you are doing great! You can keep it up one day at a time. I'm with you I won't drink today either. 
It sure looks like you're on the right path--congrats on the progress...&gt;I just hope I can keep it up I will not drink today..The beauty of sobriety is that we get to keep it as long as we want it. When I'm sober I have a choice and when I keep choosing sobriety I win in the long run. In my case I back that choice up with a program of recovery that has been instrumental in helping me say "YES" to sobriety each day and feel good about it.
Congrats! Sounds like you are treading along just fine I like that you are rewarding yourself with the money you saved!.. High Five 2 weeks!
I'm feeling many of the same benefits - mornings are my friend now!  Congrats to you  - I will join you in not drinking today as well.
I always used to get depressed when drinking just thinking about the money I was blowing nevermind all the other crap.Well by the end of this my first monthI'll have saved enough for a week in Cuba!!(Grey Goose used to get these funds!)
Congrats!! So happy for you..We can do this one day at a time!!
Excellent work u/jenna2745!! Congrats!!
