-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42oseq/i_just_got_my_australian_citizenship/

and I am going to celebrate by not relapsing! ..Not drinking today :D ..Happy Australia day to all our Australian SD members! 
----------immediate responses--------

Yayyyyyy!!!!
Congrats on all those days mate.  I am not an Aussie but saying the word mate is cool. :)
I just commented before on the other post. Today is a test for us aussies usually a day filled with a Barbie and a beer. Not to mention triple j top 100. We  need to stay strong today. Welcome to Australia and happy oz day!
Congrats!
High Five!!
Woop Woop!!! Congrats McLeknsky! 
Very nice! Congratulations!!!
Today is a good'ay mate. Well done. Happy for you. 
Hurray congrats!
You are awesome!!
Congratulations! :) have a great day 
awesome congrats! :)
Hey congrats! Not an easy thing to do I hear...I'm an Aussie dual-citizen and just renewed my passport. We're like twins!
Woot woot!..No need to have any "frofy" drinks today.  Just watch the Serena vs Maria Oz Open match right now instead!
Damn now you have a chance to get those gaggles of geese. Congrats mate. 
I raise my ACTUAL La Croix to you!!!!
Congratulations. [The song of your people sir] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SECVGN4Bsgg)
Good on ya! Cliff dive at Angourie Blue and Green Pools to celebrate! 
Nice! Congratulations!
Happy Australia day mate and welcome!.. .Personally I had a great drink-free day today. Friends family cake and enjoyed a swim in the beach.
Sweet!!  Congrats on your new citizenship and 258 Days!!!!
Congratulations and happy Australia day.
I had a great alcohol free Australia Day too. Younger me would have thought hell hath frozen over! Congrats on your citizenship.
Congratulations!
Good job McLensky! 
Australian living in the UK here. Let me say: congrats to both mate!
Happy Australia Day from Newcastle NSW.... Life is soooooo much better without Alcohol....Congratulations on your Australian citizenship:))
