-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42qtxf/this_is_late_but_thank_you_sd/

Well friends i'm 34 days into my sobriety and things just couldn't really be much better right now. In fact they would be a lot worse if I had never decided to put down that pint of whiskey and finally make a necessary change in my life. Of course i'm talking about drinking. ..I'll make this short. After a lot of struggles with alcohol for the past four years I decided 34 days ago that I was going to put down the pint of whiskey and move forward in my life. I was going to finally try to mend my scars the right way the sober way. I was going to take care of myself and start to care about my mental and physical health. I was going to get the wonderful relationship back that I once had with my SO. I was going to try as hard as I possibly could to gain back trust from my SO and all of the friends I had burned bridges with because of the constant lies. ..Life gave me an ultimatum: Are you going to be a slave to this forever; or are you going to do something about it?..34 days ago I decided that I was going to do something about it. And wow how my life has improved. ..- No hangovers!!! ..- This is funny but I've gained weight! I had a serious issue with eating because of being constantly sick from drunken nights...- I'm going for hikes almost every weekend and have re kindled my old passion of bowling by joining a local league!..- My diet has improved a lot from what I tended to eat when I was drinking...- My relationship with my SO is doing much much better and little by little the trust is being built and I couldn't be more happy that to be gaining that back at any rate...- My bank account looks pretty damn nice without it being robbed by the bottle...- By going to meetings I have gained many sober friends and we have great times together! This has also really helped (along with therapy) with my depression...Overall I couldn't have asked for a better 34 days of sobriety and I want to continue on with this because I've never felt so strong in my life. I have never felt more like ME. Thank you SD thank you everyone here who has shared their stories and made me feel less alone on this journey. Thank you for being the first thing I reached out to and giving me hope on those first gut wrenching days of sobriety. The simple replies to the posts I have made and seeing the helpful comments on others' posts gives me hope every single day. There have been so many times where I have been so close to running to the store and giving up and then I remember I made that pledge to not drink TODAY just as I have this morning. I could not have asked for a better sub and support system to help me on this journey. You are such beautiful people and I wish all of you to have the strength to not drink today because guess what WE can do it together. .You've saved my life...Sincerely.Your sober friend deejymoon......
----------immediate responses--------

Well done DM I will join you today in not drinking!
&gt;My bank account looks pretty damn nice without it being robbed by the bottle...Oh yeah - [sing it sister](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWCycC0P5AM)
Nice one congrats on 34 days sober! When I first quit I thought sobriety would suck. I've discovered so many benefits in sobriety so many things I'm grateful it's mad I didn't choose this sooner!
What a beautiful post sobriety rocks.  For me there is no comparison in the before and after I will take my new life over the old everytime.  I am happy not to feel that drinkers shame I always felt and the constant thinking about how to ensure I could get alcohol and consume it every night...... I will not drink today I will stay sober and real.
That was a great message. 
Very cool!! I will not drink with you TODAY!!
Great job. Keep it up. 
Great post fellow sobie! I will not drink with you today.
Great job. Keep it up. 
hooray! I'm so proud of you! raising a mug of tea to your health :)
34 days! NICE!
