-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42qunk/a_reintroduction_of_sorts_long_and_it_ends_on_a/

So - I've been away from StopDrinking for a long while. Not for the right reasons I'm afraid. Things have been a big tangled mess for a while and I've been trying to find the right way to think feel and process the events that transpired. There's a lot I'm going to say here that I've posted in slightly more relevant forums - but I loved posting here and I need to start again.....On December 21st of last year my family and Church severed ties with me. I was raised in a particular Christian denomination that practices 'shunning' if you do or repeatedly do anything that goes against the Bible. Needless to say alcoholism really doesn't fit into what my Church expected of me. I hasten to add in my near 14 years of drinking my parents saw me drunk once. The rest was either solo - or out in the city where no one knew me. The guilt however kept me coming back and confessing. ..My life has been a little bit of a car-crash. The church was very restrictive - no socialising with outsiders unless it's at school or work so my social circle was very limited. For a 3-4 year period an older child in the church who was obviously being sexually abused got me to do certain things. I was convinced based on the church's stance on 'men who lay with men' that I was unloveable and destined to be punished by God. I began to cut and starve myself - I had no idea anyone else did these things - but I had no idea how deeply down I was repressing my feelings...Then came alcohol. I tried little sips here and there as my parents brewed their own. I tried little amounts from their glasses of wine at dinner. At my first party (thrown by a member of the church in another county) I was so nervous I couldn't speak to anyone. Up until this point at the age of 17 I'd possibly only had two people I'd been allowed to associate with - and one of them had been hurting me. There was alcohol at the party. This was it turned out a fairly rebellious little group of kids and I got wasted. It felt wonderful...Fast forward to the last year or so - I approached some leaders in my church and said I was having to go to AA because I couldn't control my drinking. They were disappointed with me - and said they didn't feel it was appropriate to go to AA when God could provide all of the support I need to correct my failings. They gave me two months to sort myself out. Needless to say it didn't work - and so they removed me from the church - which meant that due to my busy work schedule - literally 95% of my social circle and turned their backs on me nearly a week before Christmas. The only people I now have to speak to are either in my office - or in the AA meetings I want to attend...The worst thing in my life being shunned - happened. It hasn't destroyed me though. I started going to AA again last week - and I loved it. I went seven days without drinking. I relapsed on Thursday of last week so I'm back at about 5 days...I've always felt that hope is like a dried flower you crush it and it can never retain the same volume or beauty that it had. I know that I'm wrong now. Hope is always so much better once you've gone through the shitstorm and come out the other side because you've looked straight into an abyss that not everyone gets to - and not everyone survives - stuck your middle finger up at it and said "Not today!" So - no drinking for me today. No feeling bad about myself. No feeling alone or lonely. It's good to be back.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back it is good to have you here again friend. (:
[deleted]
There are many sects of Christianity that would not shun their members when they need help the most. Have you thought about joining another congregation? In my experience it's hard to change what you've known your entire life but sometimes change is a good thing. We are here to support you. Glad you're here. 
Its [good](http://imgur.com/WbwU3MA) to have you here. That last paragraph is [beautiful](http://imgur.com/TtC5loM) and very [visual](http://imgur.com/mvdGOyb)...:)
If I believed in god I would argue he gave you an alcohol problem as a test kind of like Job was tested and it is really a door to leave this "church" and to find him in another place. Go find him. He is not where you are right now. Stay strong.
This is a good community and it won't shun you. ..My suggestion is to get some counseling regarding your history. Find new sober friends and move on with your life.  Be strong and stay dry. 
Welcome back. Glad you're here!! 
