-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42stvn/30_day_challengei_admit_i_have_a_problem/

Ill try to keep my story short. Im 26 years young and educated with moderate debt. In the last few years have been on and off relationships (some good ones too) but now im alone and feel trapped because of my alcohol addiction. ..I have wasted countless days when i was going to "study" or "workout" but instead just grabbed a beer or bottle and drank myself away. Its effected all my relationships with everyone and im now considered "that guy" at family and friend events. It did not have too much of an impact on my job until i realized i used 4 sick days because ive been hungover. Ive gained around 50 lbs in the last 6 to 8 months and im tired of it...Ive been keeping this to myself but now i need to let it out and make a change. Today will be day 1 of no alcohol. I dont post much at all and i dont know the rules but i will update this post as kind of a journal to log my days and how im feeling and any struggles. If noone reads it thats fine. Im doing this for me and need a place to vent...why not reddit. Ive lurked this sub a few times and have seen success stories. Wish me luck..Its my turn..Day1- Still early in the day but im not drinking today...called in sick cause im hungover -_-. Will probably weigh myself and calculate how much i would normally spend on alcohol in 1 month. Hmmm Dont have any badges but i use reddit everydaythat will be my reminder.
----------immediate responses--------

You've made the right choice! You can do this. Just try and take it day by day. 
Welcome! I started with an initial goal of 30 days for starters I pushed the goalposts back as that approached! I'm very aware today of how much alcohol cost me how it robbed me of life I'm so grateful to be  building my life and being present in it.
It's a good move. I am kind of freaked out by the day-count and I try to ignore and treat every day like Day 1. But def after the first few days I think more about what I can do with all this quality 'found' time. I enjoy life more and I enjoy more of life. ..Reading posting and.having conversation here has been a huge assist too...I won't drink with you today Xoxity. : ) 
Doing this for yourself. That right there says you are going to do great. I am also 26 I gained half my weight in drinking (was 100ish and I think my heaviest was 160ish) also in moderate debt I too was that family member did the gym excuse A LOT and left work early all the time. I am proud of your determination to change and how open you are. The math on how much I spent a month was around a grand. Sad but true.  Much luck to you You got this glad to see your post!..High Five
Day 2 - Got 4 hours of sleep. Was on reddit too long but woke up feeling good. Long day but no drink. I pass by a convinient store that i frequent from work for a few beers...was hesitant to stop...then game of thrones quote came to my head. "Not today". Drank a protein shake and relaxing. Have a small headache but i think its due to lack of sleep. Day 2 over :check mark:
Day 3  - Still early in the morning but I have that "craving" headache. I dont want to drink I cant really right now since im at work (sometimes I would during lunch) but not today. So far is been a rough day in general plus my little loss of focus since I havn't drank in 3 days. Ima keep going at it.!!! Not drinkiing today
