-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42t1o5/did_not_expect_this_in_sobriety_to_be_honest/

Man the last few weeks have been...Strange to say the least....I'm using a throwaway because theirs some embarrassing information here but I'm around the community and I just have to get it out.  So here goes:...I'm late 20s spent about 7 years drinking copious amounts of beer then switched to vodka.  One day decided to sober up and get on with my life.  it's been almost 10 months since I made that decisions and honestly it's been a ride; awesome heartbreaking soul-searching.  I've changed more in 10 months than I have in my whole life.  My outlook is much better my parents extended family and friends say that something happened to me that the old me is gone and I'm a completely different person.  I've dropped 40 pounds and went from barely dead-lifting 95 pounds to 200....I look in the mirror now and I like what I see (or at the very least starting to) whereas before I looked and saw a husk of a person.  It took a lot of work but I'm getting better....So here's what happened this week I met a woman at work after hours because I was working late.  We get to talking and everything goes nicely.  Next day we have lunch together and everything goes good.  She's talking about her fiance and her ex and all the struggles and courses shes went through to get better and to get to where she is today.  We're flirting as well (i guess I'm not sure; this'll make sense later) but nothing serious....She invites me to a course on Wednesday and I agree I don't have a meeting that night anyway so why not.  Wednesday comes the flirting ramps up hard she's going on about how she's not 'getting as much as she wants' from her fiance.  We go out for dinner before the course and we're talking and flirting about life moving on and getting better.  After the course I'm driving us to her stop and she effectively says "I want to sleep with you"....Now I'm one of those guys who took the advice of not getting involved with anyone in the first year of sobriety and when she said that it was probably the longest and most painful 10 seconds of my life before I said:..."I'm not willing to have you cheat on your fiance with me"....It more-or-less ended there.  Apparently everything's working out with her fiance and we're...friends I guess?  Meh fine by me I don't really have a big social circle anyway.  I'm not going to pine after her or anything because I'm not 17 anymore I'm just going to keep doing my thing and get better....But here's the funny part: I'm a virgin and while I'm proud that I did the whole 'honorable' thing I'm still kicking myself at times about how I could have ended this whole 'almost 30 virgin' thing that night (but really it's all in my head anyway so I tell myself to stop caring about it).  So that's why I wasn't sure we were flirting due to next to no experience.  But if flirting now-days is just actually listening to someone offering insight and just talking while having body language that says "i'm interested in what you're saying"  Than I like my odds....The why is complicated but being a short fat kid I didn't get a whole lot of second glances if any come to think of it.  And different life priorities in my early adult life didn't really help either (starting a business with friends working hard to keep it going it failing). I look at this situation now while I'm less emotionally charged and think "man this is really dumb and actually kinda funny".  I asked her why she was attracted to me in the first place and she said "you're cute and I figured you were a Dom by how you talked and acted" and honestly that's kinda reassuring :)...All I can do is keep working keep struggling and keep trudging along.  Who knows what the future holds for me or any of us.  I guess people like what I'm putting out into the universe now.
----------immediate responses--------

I personally want to applaud you for your morality. There seems to be a shortage of good people these days. I guarantee that this type of behavior will make you more attractive to people in the future. You have the right as a person to have high moral standards! Look for that quality in other people as well I think that you will have better relationships as a result! Congratulations on 10 months of sobriety and cheers to better decision making!!! 
Gold star for taking the high road Bro!
This is a program of rigorous honestly. Carrying around the guilt of going to far can lead one back to drinking.
Nicely done! I always get turned off by women who want to cheat on their boyfriend/fiance/husband you did yourself a favour and in a classy way. Did you stay a virgin by choice?..It's nice to hear you can feel so much better in 10 months. Congrats!
You made a good choice for everyone involved with this and you sound like a really cool guy. Good job :-)
Great choice. I think it would set a bad precedent to lose your virginity to a woman you knew was cheating. Why have all the guilt with your first experience? That would really complicate your sexual identity (not orientation) going forward. You made the right choice.
Not easy but good job taking the high road! The last year has been somewhat similar for me in trying to figure out who I am and what I want to do with my life. It has been strange because I have started going on some dates with a girl I have known for awhile. My past experience has really only been drunken hookups so doing the sober and date thing has been hard for me. Since I am still working on figuring out who I am and staying sober I am not beating myself up too much about it. I think you have a bright future ahead of you and I hope I do as well. 
Integrity in men is an extremely attractive character trait to me. It is fascinating challenges me to aspire to a better version of myself and is very rare. This is me reassuring you that there are some very hot chicks out there who look for people like you. But you don't really need that reassurance with your integrity. ..I find men's sexual desire often interferes with their integrity which is usually the point where I lose interest in them fascination of them and that certain honest respect for them.
I think one of the most rewarding and encouraging aspects of maintaining sobriety is this new attitude. ..The one wherein you respect yourself you make positive judgement calls and you develop the attitude of honesty and integrity...A woman who would throw herself at a man she barely knows WHILE being engaged is not a woman who has your best interests at heart. She's got her own agenda maybe a tally sheet....Virgin or not now that you are on a positive path and doing the next right thing being your honest self chances are you will attract the kind of woman with whom you can develop a healthy intimate relationship rather than a sleazy pick-up. And you will continue to feel a whole lot better about the man you are also..
ah good for you man. it feels great to be wanted!..i think you are a role model for doing the right thing. this sort of thing can haunt you down the road. let her mess with someone else's life (including her own.)..since i embraced sobriety i try to do my best to do the right thing. well partly because it's the right thing and partly because i don't want the guilt associated with doing the wrong thing. ..i will say i've noticed that people notice me more now that i've been sober for a while. when you treat your body with care others will too.
A+ decision making favorite thing I've read all day! Your story is my inspiration for tomorrow morning!
Good on you. You did the right thing for yourself and your sobriety. I suspect there would have been a ton of drama in that relationship and that wouldn't have been good for you.
I've been there before and honestly for me it's not sober activity to be a homewrecker. She can cheat with someone else. It's a great thing to drink over being a part of ruining someone else's upcoming marriage. Really you didn't miss anything worth losing your sobriety over. Sex is good but not that good. I wouldn't trip on the "almost 30 virgin" thing. I'm sure that there's a special someone out there for you and by staying sober and ACTING sober you'll be attracting the right type of person :)
You done the right thing man.
Sound like you've got it right.   Keep it up.
You did good. Who wants a relationship with someone who can't be trusted or the guilt of the one night stand with cheat? People with alcohol problems don't need any more shit to deal with. There will be another one along any time soon.
The right thug to do! Great job making the choice you did. Sounds like this person probably wouldn't be a great choice anyone if she was willing to cheat..
Applause((())).. stayed true to yourself
Just a quick comment about your physical improvement since quitting. Some think drinking is associated with youth and pine that they can't drink anymore sad they are getting old. Like you I feel younger no I am literally younger in body and mind since quitting. Congrats!
[deleted]
you da mvp
It's nice to be able to look back and wonder what if you had rather than have to look back and wonder what if you hadn't. ..If she'll cheat with you she'll cheat on you. And that's not relationship Id want. 
I'm going to state the unpopular opinion here that you could have went for it. If it's not you it's someone else it's not your commitment to break frankly you're doing someone a favor if they find out about it. I mean better now than when this poor schmuck marries this girl...If you're approaching 30 as a virgin and worried about it it can help to re assess your notion of what a nice guy is and when are times you can worry about what YOU want...Anyway everyone has their own standards for this sort of thing. Good job sticking to yours...In terms of other comments I see in this thread I don't find the topic relevant to sobriety in general. OP is of course because it's part of your story. But people tying it into some issue of morality that a sober person must follow... I disagree. 
Kindafunnystory....I think your story is very relevant to sobriety.  The horny drunk guy who doesn't care about himself definitely won't care about anybody else.  The drunk guy would have said "hell yes" and went about wrecking someone's future family and then having an extremely weird dynamic going on in the office.  Your sobriety helped you make a decision that minimized the damage to everybody involved.  I applaud you...you are a gentleman.  BTW this comment comes from a hardcore hound dog.
Good for you man! The new attitude the weight loss doing the right thing in a morally challenging situation: these are all victories. And 10 months! *Right on*. ..I threw away two meaningful relationships in a row drunkenly cheated on women who loved me. Years later this still has a profoundly negative impact on my sexual identity. You've got a *clean slate*. Your co-worker is probably a lot like I used to be she won't know about the lasting harm she is doing to herself and her partner until it's too late. Nothing to see there my friend...Go for the woman of your dreams instead. 
Why do people discourage getting involved the 1st year?
Good for you!! Clean slate and morals to boot! This is a really inspiring story.
Congrats you didn't want to get involved in that mess. Pretty soon you will be drowning in attention which is better than other things we tend to drown ourselves in. 
This is one of the most mature things I've ever read.
This kind of honesty and morality will come back to you ten fold. Kudos on not being a douche bag and possibly ruining this girls relationship. You probably would have felt worse if you went through with it. And perhaps if you were still drinking you might have went through with it. You're clear head is an inspiration. Thank you.
Whats this about not dating anyone in the first year of sobriety?
Nice decision you have my support.
This is awesome! Great choices all around...of so many reasons! And you're right. Flirting is not much more than that!
You're getting in shape and getting older. Getting laid is going to start getting very easy. Good for you turning her down too. I'm married so I know I could do it I'm not sure I'd be able to if I was single though. That took some serious strength of character. Thanks for sharing this story you have inspired me to try and be a better person.
You are a good man. 
Goddamn I can't remember being more impressed by someone...Wow hats off to you sir!   ...I think I can safely say that repeating this story to a few single girls will result in a some panties being thrown at you..
