-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/42y4nw/different_paths/

Hello this is my first post on SD but I really think this site has a good thing going....I wanted to share a bit about myself and also a bit about a friend of mine who is also on the path to getting sober.  I began trying to stop drinking back in 2007 and really really struggled for the longest time.  From 2007 to 2012 I mainly lived in sober housing in a desperate attempt to stop drinking and because most sober houses in my area are very AA based I became very involved in the AA community.  I struggled constantly during this time and continually drank my way out of sober houses and into treatment centers and during that time period things became pretty hopeless....In 2012 I finally decided to get out of the AA community and sober houses and to simply try something different.  I began exercising more and started dating again (something that went totally against what I had learned from 2007 to 2012) and generally began starting to form a life outside of drinking and AA.  I can't tell you how much grief and condemnation I received from some of the people I knew in the AA community most of which had become my only friends by 2012.   Despite all of this since 2012 I've been able to stop drinking and really living a pretty fantastic life.  This past summer I got married which for me was sort of a culmination of the life that I've been building over the last few years.  I've also become obsessed with playing tennis of all things which I seriously play 5 to 6 times a week.  It's surprising how many new activities you can find when you aren't drinking and / or constantly going to AA meetings!!...I try not to be bitter at AA I really do.  However I do think that it was not working for me and it took me way too long to realize that.  I like the definition of insanity that I learned in AA which is trying the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.  I think it's interesting that in my experience the AA community refuses to apply that definition of insanity to a person trying AA for years and years despite it not working for them.  Anyway I digress......So this has been my path.  One of my best friends in the world is a guy that I met in AA and was sober for the first 3 years I knew him.  In fact he served as a sponsor for me for a while.  He saw me step away from AA and began doing so himself as well however for the last 2 years or so he has really struggled to stay sober.  He recently got into some legal trouble due to drinking and because of these legal consequences his lawyer has advised him to go to meetings.  He has done exactly that and suddenly he's been doing really well again.  He still really doesn't like AA and questions how helpful it's been but hey: he's sober!!...Moral of the story in my opinion: Different things work for different people.  Our journeys are unique and I believe everyone can get better you just have to find your way.  If you encounter people in AA who say AA is the only way don't believe them.  If you encounter people who say AA is terrible and hurts more than it helps well don't believe them either.  Find your own way!!  I for one will support you whatever path you take..
----------immediate responses--------

It never ceases to amaze me how people can find something that works for them/they like and then  they go on to insist that it is the only way...whether it be religion politics etc.  I try to practice "live and let live".   Just thought I'd add I love my sponsor!  He is such an amazing person.  Thanks for this post and I'm so happy for you.
Great post!  I also cringe when people say AA is the only way. Even in AA literature they caution against that. But you always find people who take their opinions too far. It works for me but I can see why it might not work for someone else.  Congrats on your success!
[Multiple routes similar destinations](http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get2/I000031SYWazwCsQ/fit=1000x750/502-BISON-TRAILS.jpg)
