-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4332fd/10_days_down/

Made it to double digits which is a huge accomplishment for me. When I failed last time after just 4 days my goal was that no matter what I was going to make it to 'at least' 10 days without another slip up. I'm now here on Day 11 and committing to keep this going. I need to quit drinking forever and I will never be able to moderate so today feels like as good a day as ever to make the decision to stay strong and keep it going one day at a time...I am struggling a bunch still though. Surprisingly week two withdrawals have been worse for me than week one. I think because i'd already quit twice before this since late December I had gone through the initial brutal few days multiple times already so my body wasn't too shocked when I went a few days without drinking. When I got to day 7 or 8 my body is suddenly revolting as we're in unchartered waters. I have absolutely surreal headaches (so bad they wake me up at night and keep me awake) high anxiety and I feel like i'm in a fog - it feels like it takes effort to think and my thoughts are incredibly slow and sluggish. I have an anxiety disorder and mild hypochondria too so still getting these symptoms on day 10 has my mind racing with anxiety that there is something wrong with me and this can't be withdrawal still...On the bright side I feel proud of myself. The rest of my body no longer aches or feels decades older than it actually is. I've lost 7 pounds. I look healthier - no bags under my eyes my skin has a nicer glow to it and it looks like there is life in my eyes when I look in the mirror. I have also beat down cravings that have flown at me left right and centre and managed to have a get together with friends and a separate one with family without touching a drop. I also managed to go to a restaurant on a business lunch and not cave and order my usual two beers. I'm trying to avoid situations where I'm overly likely to be tempted but honestly my favourite place to drink was at home alone by myself or with my wife so I might as well stay social when I feel up to it...Anyways onwards I suppose. Thank you for listening and thank you for the support. I can't tell you how much it helps to A) check in every day and make a commitment to a group of people that I will not drink B) Have a badge which gives me motivation to work towards something and to take it one day at a time and C) have a community of people who know what I am going through at my fingertips...Couldn't have made 10 days without you.
----------immediate responses--------

OMG those headaches they woke me up to. Only lasted a few days thank god. Congrats on not only having double digits but doubling (and then some) your last go round I am proud of your accomplishment! You have had seen so many benefits already that is amazing. Glad you are still with us!..High Five
10 days - no 11! is AWESOME. 
Congrats on 10 days. Keep it up. We can do this!!
Well done keep it up.
Proud of you. Keep up the good work.  Double digits is a huge accomlishment.
Don't drink today feel good tomorrow. Thanks for posting.
I just went 4 days and broke it last night. I have an extremely strong urge to drink today but i will not. This is a great post! 
