-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/433d8f/one_week_sound_the_horns_throw_confetti/

It may not seem like a long time but what a milestone! One week after I had promised myself a sober January. Then made a deal with myself that I could moderate and I had learned. And then rewarded myself for who knows what and then within the week was right where I started. This time last week I woke up nauseous head pounding red faced a big stain on my clothes that I had no idea where it came from and more new facebook friends than I want to admit to. I was going to take a selfie to remind myself of what I looked like. To recommit. But I looked so bad I couldn't stand myself and couldn't look in a mirror. I had to cancel all of my appointments for the day and couldn't go to work. And worst of all I had to reset my badge. I started to not do it. No one would know - I wouldn't get caught but I realized maybe more important than lying to all of you I was lying to myself. I can't moderate I can't and I don't know why. I'm a smart and successful person and I know that when I say just one or just 2 - it's a total lie. Reluctantly I reset my badge and really started reading and replying to some posts. It's been a stressful week but I've had you guys. And when I've been tempted I've had you guys because no one else really knows how much I've struggled because I'm amazingly great at keeping secrets. I'm very adapt at pretending to have a cold or going to bed early so I can open another bottle of wine and no one will hear the slurred voice. I'm great about going to a different line at a party for a drink so no one knows how fast I'm drinking or getting 2 at a time "because the lines are long" or I'm getting one for my better half. And even if people suspect they'd never challenge me on it. Uber became my best friend and worst friend. I had created a life that enabled my habit and kept me safe but I always knew that I was step from making a mistake that I wouldn't be able to hide. No one is that lucky. I was not a falling down drinker I was fun the life of the party "she works hard and is just blowing off a little steam". I would drink water all day and take one advil before sleep to ward off the hangover. I didn't have a drinking problem - I can function just fine. Yep that was me but now it isn't. I do have a drinking problem and this little amazing group has changed my life. I have learned so much from all of you. It seems when I have a weak moment I can get on here and find something that means something to me. Thank you. 1 week and this is no longer trying to have a sober January - this is learning to accept myself my limitations my strength my weaknesses and not drink today! Thanks for letting me indulge - we can do this! xo.
----------immediate responses--------

7 days is huge!!  You should be proud of yourself!!  Love hearing stories like yours. Thanks for sharing.
Congratulations on a week! ::joins in confetti throwing:: Welcome back its okay to stumble out the door on this journey. I tried moderation too idrink-idrank-idrunk it turns out lol. At least I won't make that mistake again. It sounds like you are in a really good place and ready to do it for you which is awesome. Thank you for sharing :)..High Five
Congratulations. 7 days is no small feat - I made it to 4 or 5 days over and over again but I struggled to make it to 7. While there will always be difficult days just keep in mind that this whole thing gets easier with each week that goes by so the absolute toughest part is behind you or will be soon. 
Excellent work. Well done.
I see a lot of you in me. Life of the party not slurring not falling down drunk.  Also hiding how many I'm downing. Like ..oh happy hour is over in 10 minutes may I order 3 wines now before it ends? Cute.  Then the little airplane bottle in the purse routine full of vodka.  Guess what? I will not drink today with you.
Well done the moderation thing has never worked for me neither.
[removed]
Congratulations on the week! Keep checking in and reading this community is truly a special place. Thank you for sharing.
Sounds alot like me...Congrats s on the 1 week! i am with ya!
Very proud of you! Congrats!!! Your doing great! Day seven is not easy to get to but you did it!! I will not drink w you today!!!
Showers of confetti!  Like you I "stopped" on Jan 1 and had to stop again on Jan 5 after I had finished up all the holiday leftovers (and thrown the lethal eggnog down the sink).  The first week was definitely the hardest and it is an achievement to be proud of but not a laurel to rest upon. We will do this!
Keep in keepin on chester. Congrats Man!
Congratulations and good for you! As a fellow redditor who just fell off the bandwagon this makes me happy and gives me motivation keep it up.
One week is amazing! Way to go! Keep it going! The most important phrase is "WE can do this"! 
Congrats on 1 week! You should buy yourself something nice with the money you have saved not drinking.
nicccce
One week is a big milestone. Some of this is familiar. I was an expert in obfuscating just how many bottles of wine I would drink...one empty in the recycle bin one in the mudroom a half bottle in the fridge...just how many was that? Maybe not really an expert. I remember Week 1 too after going thru a pretty tough DT period on days 4-5 the fog started lifting. I clung to how good I was just barely starting to feel and the experience of others on this forum of the trajectory of further improvements. Congratulations and confetti for you will have to do since I won't be drinking today with you!
[removed]
Great job!
[deleted]
Congrats on 1 week!
congrats :) here for you! 
This is a very important week in the story of the rest of your life. It will be a month sooner than you think. Keep it up.
Congratulations!! A week is a big deal. Heaps of confetti your way!!
CONGRATULATIONS!! Good work on one week!!
Grats!  You are doing this!  Keep it up thanks for sharing!
Congrats on your recovery in progress. Its clear that a lot of realizations and hard truths have come to surface recently. In my opinion its a wonderful thing. I'll be here sober with you!
&gt;I had created a life that enabled my habit and kept me safe but I always knew that I was step from making a mistake that I wouldn't be able to hide. No one is that lucky. ..Good on you to see that. *Maintaining* sobriety has required some major life changes for me. Thanks for sharing!
