-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/436qjs/withdrawels_are_terrifying/

I dread waking up. I can fall asleep ok. I take benadryl and I usually go to sleep with a buzz. I've tried cold turkey before but that didn't work. I had someone smuggle me some benzos and they worked but I relapsed. This is how my day goes: I wake up after extremely vivid nightmares; there is extreme pressure inside my chest; my heart beats rapidly; I cannot get comfortable. I sweat profusely then get immediately cold again. I have immediate gag and wretching reflexes upon waking up. I usually always gag and throw up bile. This is all within the first three minutes of waking up. I notice the shakes and I can't focus. My mind is all over the place and the only thought I can focus on is when I can get alcohol into my system to make things normal. Not so I can get drunk. ..Then I go to work. My hands constantly shake so it's embarrassing especially since I'm in electronics retail and have to show things to people. My hands sometimes shake uncontrollably. My heart NEVER stops beating fast and I feel constant flushes. I struggle to eat and sometimes if I do I puke it right back up. For nine hours I struggle to maintain. Sometimes it's too much and I ask to go home early. My first thought is to drink more alcohol to get normal. Like I said I don't drink alcohol to get drunk I drink alcohol to get normal. This is a really REALLY bad sign...I SOOO want to get help but AA won't work (I tried it multiple times) and benzos DID work the last time I tried to quit (there were almost no withdrawal symtoms.) But I don't know how to get benzos legally. I can't afford them legally. I don't even know how to get them illegally. I'm so scared right now I want to quit so bad. The only reason I'm still drinking is because I'm so freaking scared of the withdrawals the nightmares the shakes the rapid heartbeat. I don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Is a detox facility an option? I know it sounds intimidating but they can help your thru withdraws and make sure you are okay. Different environment helps plus they work with you some on how to handle things when you leave. 
Benzos are very inexpensive. A simple doctor's office call can be paid for easily by the money not spent on drinking. I needed medical help. Please be careful. You need medical intervention. 
Detox.  I suggest going to your hospital. I'd call the AA crisis line for a lead.  It can be dangerous to manage without clinical oversight.
I know in my area there are some detox facilities that take people with no insurance. You have to show up early. See if that is an option if not go to the hospital. You are right about quitting cold turkey at your stage it could be very dangerous. It's only gonna get worse though without some help and quiting. Best of luck.
ER or call a doctor.  Librium is a benzo worked great for me.  My initial withdrawal sounds exactly like yours before I started the Librium.  It sounds urgent I would not wait.
I just can't afford any days off of work. I live paycheck to paycheck. The company I work for isn't corporate I have direct access to the owners but I'm SOOOO afraid if I miss more than a week of work I won't have a job to come back to. Also I have no insurance.
And if I admit why I'm embarrassed.....
Taper off. Read this entire article more than once. http://www.hamsnetwork.org/taper/
Benzos can be hard to get but gettable. I'm on a small dose (0.5mg) of Klonopin right now and it's helping me stay sober (on day 28). I also have an underlying anxiety disorder which was my main reason for drinking. A couple months ago when I wasn't taking Klonopin I ordered a decent amount off a dark market from a reliable vendor just to have them on hand. They're brand name and work well. I also have a private doctor that will prescribe benzos in small amounts. He's expensive though. $200 a visit if he prescribes any controlled substance (to cover the extra liability insurance I was told). He also keeps me on a short leash giving me only a couple months worth at a time if I'm lucky. While I appreciate this it does sometimes feel indistinguishable from an overpriced drug deal. If you have a corporate job you may be able to afford a private doc that will prescribe a short course of benzos. I would look for doctors (like mine) that operate outside of insurance networks which often prohibit doctors from prescribing benzos due to the liability. I've also had mixed success (I'd say 50/50) getting Klonopin from free clinics. This advice does come with a **HUGE DISCLAIMER: benzos are incredibly addictive and the withdrawls are pure hell**. I've learned the hard way trying to taper too fast (have failed to get off multiple times and found it  harder to quit than booze). To get off even 0.5mg of klonopin I have to cut the pills in 1/8ths and drop by 1/8 every two weeks. It is tedious expensive and still involves some discomfort. I only give this advice to you because you said you got off without withdrawls before and I believe these powerful meds can be a lifesaver if used properly. Best of luck.      
