-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43dryv/does_everyone_get_dts_and_night_sweats/

I've been drinking probably 28 out of 30 days for the past several years. 2 years ago I quit cold for 6 months and never had any physical ill effects. I'm a bit worried about it this time not as an excuse but just trying to prepare. ..I'm so sick of this war in my head. I've wanted to quit every single day for over a decade. But by the end of the day that voice starts arguing why "just today" would be a great idea. Some times I have to admit it isn't much of an argument because I do want to drink. But most days I literally struggle with it for an hour or two at work and I just want to bang my head against something and scream "STOP IT JUST SHUT UP BOTH OF YOU!"..I am the luckiest person I know. I had a dream girl in high school. The prettiest funniest kindest person in our school. It used to depress me because I felt I would never meet anyone else like her let alone be with one. Then first year of college a turn of events and unbelievable we got together. 20 years later and I still love her as much as ever. But she no longer loves me. Man she tried for SO long put up with so much. The lies the embarrassments in public... She still treats me very well. But she recently started sleeping in the other room. We haven't had a real kiss in probably 4 years. ..That's not the only reason I'm lucky. While my wife busted her ass getting her PH.D. I was flunking out of school. I worked shitty service industry jobs for a decade always contributing little money because most of what I did make I spent on pot and beer. Finally I pulled my shit together enough to get an associates degree and figured at least I could make a wage that isn't embarrassing. So I got the degree.  I've been a good worker despite the fact and after 6 months I was chosen for a promotion of sorts. They paid full ride for me to go back to a prestigious university and 4 years later I'm making more money than my parents ever dreamed of. I bought a dream house I have money to travel. ..And yet my life is a total waste of a mess. I feel crushing guilt that I have perhaps ruined her life. I've caught her crying alone enough to know she is terribly unhappy. She's always wanted children and I love kids. But she's  been smart enough to know she doesn't want a child with a drunk as a father. Now the biological clock is ticking and it's probably too late.  ..Im a hidden drunk. I think most of my family suspects but no one else has a clue. I always drink at home. Lately it's been worse because I'm really just trying to escape now just using vodka to race to be as drunk as possible as fast as possible. ..I would love to go to rehab but my work situation just won't allow it right now it's difficult for me to take off more than two days in a row and I simply can't risk losing this job. I've been to some AA meetings but I'm an atheist and where I live all the meetings are in churches and the only message is "Jesus will help you through this " they hardly even talk about anything else it's just church with a vaguely AA theme. ..When I went 6 months it was some of the best time of my adult life. I had time for hobbies saved money got healthier. I had that clarity everyone talked about. But then I made the mistake of thinking I was cured. No I know the truth- I will never be able to drink like normal people. So I'm 1 day right now. And all the reasons I've mentioned is why I won't drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't get DTs; I did get night sweats. I discussed the risks and options with my doctor and chose to quit cold turkey. I'm determined to make that my first and last withdrawal as it sucked and I might not be so lucky next time.
Thank you for your post. I found it very hard to quit when I was ready. I went to impatient detox over 3 day. In my stupor I enrolled in outpatient rehab. Being able to work was important to me. Yes I had the sweats but not DT's. I hope you will take that first step - not pick up a drink just for today
The best way to protect yourself from problems with detox is to see a doctor. While many people withdraw with no serious problems some of us need medical intervention. I was one of those. I drank heavily everyday and went to inpatient detox. Today that is not always necessary because medication can be given to be taken at home Having a physician involved in my detox made it safer and easier to stop drinking.
No DTs but some night sweats during the first week for me.  I drank about 60 units a week at a body weight of 140 lbs.  Taking the first step was the hardest part of sobriety for me.  
you sound like you have a lot to be gained in fighting for your freedom. Worrying about the dt's sounds to me like your addiction giving you all kinds of reasons to keep you in mental prison.  But you really don't have to stay there.  Your captivity is an illusion your addiction has contrived to keep you right where it wants you.  Fight back. Read "this naked mind".   Try another aa meeting.  (I've been to hundreds and have never heard Jesus' name spoken directly.) check out Creatively Fit.  Whitney believes addiction is a left brain impulse.  Develop your right brain - your creativity - to combat it.  In anther words stop looking back - instead fight for your girl.  Fight for your life.  Good luck. MGL 
I'm so sorry your struggling. ...Is your local AA group really so ineffective?   ..Have you tried to look past the words that are being said and witness the happiness in recovery that the old timers seem to enjoy?...Something is working for the sober members there.  What is it?...I'm an atheist in AA.  I'm getting close to 3 years off the bottle.  Only now am I understanding many of the AA tools and philosophies.  ...When your active it's so easy to write it all off as religious nonsense.  
