-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43dtpk/i_think_ive_finally_got_this_figured_out/

12 days is really a miracle for me. After my last relapse I always made the solemn swear to never drink again and always lasted 2-3 days maybe 4 if I really struggled... ..Now I'm at 12 days during which I haven't even wanted to drink. I've designed myself a new routine which doesn't involve alcohol. I am learning to enjoy small things like a cup of tea for example. Before I always thought that I am depriving myself of alcohol I'm missing out and miserable but I've turned that thought around: I don't have to drink alcohol. I have the freedom and privilege to be sober!.. ..Here are just some of the benefits:..* I now sleep through night without getting up to pee 2-5 times.* I no longer have diahrrea every morning.* My skin looks so much better my face is not red and puffy anymore.* My eyes are clear not red and tired anymore.* I'm no longer having the hangover panic/anxiety attacks.* I can cook myself a meal sit down and enjoy the food instead of compulsively gulping that glass(read:bottle) of wine with it and not even noticing the food.* I'm starting to have dreams and future plans other than just my next bottle of alcohol.* I'm making a lot more progress at the gym and don't go out of breath nearly as easily.* I no longer have that sour pungent body odor that I noticed (and others probably noticed aswell) when I was drinking.. ..Thanks for letting me share.. 
----------immediate responses--------

The most dangerous time for me is when I think I have this figured out.   Even after 5 years....
Those are all great things! I've found changing my routine to be very helpful! Focusing on things that make me happy and doing things differently has been crucial for me thus far. This sub has also been extremely helpful. I do the check ins each day! This is the longest I've gone without drinking in 10 years and I don't want to give it up for anything!
Congrats on 12 days! ..That's a great list of benefits thanks for sharing them. I can relate to many on there - I do NOT miss that body odour and I've found the discipline to stick with regular exercise :)
Congrats Day 12!!
I'm also 12 days in and have discovered many of the things you mention above. Congratulations on making it this far - I know from experience it's not easy! 
you have it figured out? I sure don't
