-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43duil/dysphoria_will_not_induce_a_relapse/

I know 11 days doesn't seem to be a lot at least to me. And you all are extremely encouraging and realistic. Drinking was a way for me to deal with things that made me upset or pissed off as it has been for many of you. ..I know it might sound like a stupid thing to be pissed off or dysphoric about but I'll give you the back story anyway. I am pursuing a career in medicine and was told this week that between finishing up my schooling and residency I am essentially forced to take a year off a year where i will struggle to pay loans and barely afford to travel. Now the reason is not due to my own issues and drinking but rather other people. People less qualified and people not as passionate as I for the field are getting the rotations before I have the ability to even try. My entire next 7 years of my life is being determined by a 2 month span of time and its hard to deal with...I have not drank yet and as much as I want to in this setting. Looking on the bright side of things just isn't enough. I can't concentrate on academics I'm slowly losing interest in things. I honestly hope its because of this news and not depression that I had hidden under drinking...Anyway good luck to you all on this Saturday of not drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds very frustrating. I can understand your desire to reach for a drink.  ..I try to remember that even though I might think a drink will "help" I know from past experience that it won't solve anything and will actually make things worse.  I visualize a glass of wine (my drink of choice) as tasty poison. Feels good going down but ultimately poisons my body and mind.  It's kept me away so far...Losing interest in things and not able to concentrate...doesn't sound good. Do you have support? Maybe a therapist or doc would be a good idea?  Hang in there. This 2 month gap might have something waiting for you that you can't foresee...  
I can certainly see why that news would get you down and make you lose interest in things. Can you have a plan in place of sorts for that year? I certainly know from personal experience that there is no bad situation that drinking will not make worse. Good luck!
I know what you are feeling.  I have been there.  The student loans just keep piling on and it seems you will never be able to pay them back especially when you are having to wait on your residency.  All I can say is hang in there.  I did and I got my loans paid off and life is good. It will happen for you too. So enjoy this year best you can because you have a lot in front of you. Oh yeah......dont drink. :)
Is the issue that you didn't match? Or that you didn't get all your M4 rotations? Either way: research! I know of a few residency directors that love to see research between m4 and R1 especially if you want a fellowship later on. You can even work for pharma for a bit if you want to make a few bucks. ..Things will work out. The world needs docs way too much for it not to! 
