-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43fgxq/you_dont_get_to_choose_when_you_come_back/

I heard the above phrase at a meeting today and I liked it. Part of my share was that every time I'm going to step out and relapse yet again I always think to myself "It will just be a day or two and I can come back." As destructive as a drunk as I am I really shouldn't assume that luxury. In my last blackout I thought it'd be a great idea to drink 24 beers and over a liter of vodka. Then take some sleeping pills because I want off this wild ride. ..It's a miracle I'm still here and I'm glad to be alive. I really hope that's my bottom. I don't think I have another recovery in me. Happy Saturday everyone sorry to be so glum!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this! I keep a similar thought close to my heart: I suspect if I were to relapse all bets would be off about what damage I cause and when/if I claw my way back to solid sober ground again. I know my mind does not think rationally when alcohol has its claws in there.
Your post isn't glum at all! It's insightful and true. I'm glad you are here and thank you for sharing. 
Thanks for the post. That's definitely true and a strong reminder to what could happen. Everytime I drank I put myself in danger. I too am glad to be alive and I'll celebrate that by not drinking.
It took me 10 years after I relapsed to get back to sobriety - I definitely agree with that phrase!
The idea of me doing something  destructive and short sighted was growing more and more prevalent in my pattern of thinking just about a year ago.  ...It is one of the reasons I finally decided to take control that I don't share often but the morbid and self-desyroying imagery was becoming too much....I had to change the patterns of thought and In order to do that I had to spend time observing the thoughts.  In my alcoholic haze I had grown awfully attached to my thoughts and my thoughts were working against me.  ..Too much happened to say exactly what did it but eventually the FEELING that I had the power that I was indeed in control of my actions that I was the decider of my experience TODAY grew so strong and quick that it tipped the scales.  ..I've been balancing it out since.  ..An image I like:..A man tight rope walking.  A brain and a heart on either side of his balancing beam.  Caption at the bottom says "Life."
Well said! If history is any indication if I were to relapse the whole idea that drinking was ever a problem would be out the window andI would drink like crazy to make up for lost time. 
[deleted]
Not glum at all. Very celebratory and thanks for sharing so honestly. I'm glad you're still here. :)
Yeah.   Sometimes it takes handcuffs to stop us sometimes a coma.
I may have never known *when* I would come back but it was important for me to learn the distinction that I ALWAYS had the choice to come back. To drink or not to drink is always a choice.
yea this was the hardest part for me.  You hear a lot of stories about people coming back and working it out...it almost made it feel okay for me to relapse.  Realizing I didn't have unlimited do overs was a big moment in my journey.
That's what I realized after my last relapse. I spent 5 days completely drunk and I was only too lucky to have a friend/coworker who also struggles with alcoholism who was able to talk me back onto the wagon. Now I know I can't stop I can't choose when to come back so it's best not to start so I'm always here.
Happy to hear you are alive sobernaut1012.  You've been sober for 5 days you've just got to keep it going.  Finally for me after 28 days it's becoming a bit of a habit where I don't have to have this ongoing dialogue with myself about "I won't I will."  ..Did someone take you to hospital?  How did you get through what must have been so close ...  And to think you made it back here with your supporters :)
Glad you are back here and alive. Like everyone said you are hardly glum at all! Your post is so real and full of hope and inspiration to me. 
I like this saying. Thank you for sharing. I will keep this one in front of my mind on rough days.
