-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43hmu8/16_days_sober_dating_my_friend_she_broke_things/

As the title says. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well you're here talking to us. So A fucking plus!..I think drinking away problems is seen as the "fun" way to deal with shit. But...for myself as an alcoholic I cannot JUST drink one night. It would be a massive bender with no end. ..I found I cried a lot in the first year. I wasn't reaching for booze food...and cigarettes never really took the "edge" off the emotional pain...so I just cried. And it helped.
Whiskey: I swallow I wallow. In self-pity and indulgence that doesn't move the needle at all in terms of honest emotional processing. Not "getting over it" as much as *feeling* it in all the painful glory. Moving towards something better...Wallowing is staying in place. The best way to stay in misery I now know is to turn of the mind turn off the emotions dull them down and kick that shit down the road a while. Where it will wait...Hang in there. What *else* can you do to work through it? I ran a lot a lot. 
Trust me man I'm right there with you. I was trying to quit drinking in December when my girlfriend broke up with me before I could even give her her Christmas presents due to how emotionally unstable I was. That ultimately ended me up in another month of binge drinking that not only made me more miserable but it led me to doing a lot of things I regret. As bad as it feels now I guarantee drinking can and will make it worse. It led me to a point where I didn't even recognize myself anymore and got so scared I didn't leave the house drink smoke or even eat for a whole day which was finally the point where I said enough is enough. I'm on my 7th day of sobriety since then and my only regret is that I couldn't quit sooner but you can. Hang in there and try not to ruminate on the bad or take things personally. Just look at things for what they are and realize that sobriety is your best path out of the pain in one piece.
