-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43lnm2/stopping/

I just want to stop the cycle.   I am a functional alcoholic.   But my functions aren't always %100 some days and it bothers me.   I hate the foggy head.   I recently (while sober) at work will slur my speech or use the wrong words.   I feel like I might be permanently damaging my speech.   I get out of work (12 hour days) and get drunk at night.   My preferred drink is rumple Mintz.   I have gained weight over the years of alcohol abuse and I feel very depressed sometimes.   I got a gym membership near me recently.   And I've been seeing a counselor every week.   I really want to stop but my alcoholic mind tells me to start sobriety tomorrow.   To say I won't drink today can be such a difficult internal struggle.  I've sat in front of the package store waiting for it to close.   But I know my brain can find a way.   Ubar to the bar or walk to the restaurant / bar down the street.   How do I conquer that first step?
----------immediate responses--------

Saying "I will not drink" is hard for me...it sounds like a punishment. Instead I say "I will be sober and aware"...I find the most important part is finding a community (like this one and AA) to be a part of. Get myself out of my own head-get my struggles out to people who have definitely been there!..Welcome! I think you're in the right place :)!
It's best if I say I don't want to drink rather than I can't drink you just gotta take the bull by it's horns and do it just say no good luck.
I conquered that first step by DOING the first step.  (AA)
Welcome! Writing this post can be your first step! I googled the benefits of stopping found this site came everyday told people I stopped got a new therapist and started going to AA. Day by day is the only option but for me it's frequently been moment by moment breath by breath. I've started seeing the benefits others have described and that gives me the encouragement to do it again tomorrow. 
The world will not stop if you stop drinking.  I really have never had any bad reactions during my stints at sobriety.  Sleeping is a little tough the first few days and I get a bit grumpier during my normal drinking hours after work in the evening.  This does not last long.  It gets better as the cloud of depression and anxiety lifts.  My CNS responds quickly after the poisons are taken away.  Everybody is different though and you can always talk to an MD about it.  I personally did not want any benzos.  I want to be clean of everything. You can do this.  You sound ready.  I look forward to seeing your progress.
I found it very helpful to enlist the support of people in my life. I told those closest to me that I was not drinking to make myself accountable to someone besides myself. AA meetings helped me a great deal. Spending the trigger times of day with others who would not enable me or encourage my drinking was very helpful in getting a few days of sobriety put together. After the first month or so the benefits of sobriety were very clear and I *wanted* to stay stopped. Good luck!
I've been living by the "one day at a time" mantra for 31 days. I took the decision for my health and knowing that the trajectory I was on was not the one I wanted to be on. The party was over for me. I decided to stop for my family my health my career. I had far more compelling reasons to stop drinking than to continue drinking.
I had to frame it as a power struggle (which it is): me vs addiction. Who will win? Will I assert my own dominance and willpower or will i be subjugated by compulsive destructive behavior? If I took that drink that's to admit defeat and powerlessness. I do not want to be powerless. I do not want to be controlled by the whims of a capricious and painful impulse. I am in charge not my booze lust...And it really is super empowering. There's not anything I can liken to the dedication of kicking an addiction and the pride and confidence that comes from having gone through that to be still going through it and still winning still proudly asserting my independence and strength.
