-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43pf6s/new_to_this_sub_looking_for_supportfeedback/

Oof.  I am struggling with the idea that I'm hitting a point that I'm posting here...About me.. I'm in my early 30s.. and I think I have a drinking problem. ..I've suffered from anxiety pretty much all my life.  I also had a brief stint with an eating disorder.  And as of today I'm feeling like I've hit the "I need to control my drinking" point just one too many times.  .Ever since I've started drinking I've periodically (once every couple months) had binge drinking episodes that lead to really bad life decisions.  I often just attributed it to college and partying with everyone else. .Yet if I look back there are too many times that I was arguably the most drunk.  A NYE that I puked before midnight.  A party that I punched my friend because she wouldn't let me go for a walk alone. Just feeling embarrassed the next day because I was the drunk one. .More recently this has lead to significant issues in my relationships.  I'm a pretty sensitive and emotional person and when I get drunk all of that gets amplified times 3.  I've been with my partner for over a year and I love him to bits. But he says when I'm drunk I act like I hate him.  This weekend he had his aha moment where he realized he is afraid of me when I'm drunk because I hurt him emotionally when I'm drunk.  I pick fights. I push him away.  He's basically said that he's not sure our relationship will make it if I don't get a handle on my drinking. .I think in his mind he's thinking I can go to moderation.  I want him to be right.  I know a lot of times I really can control my drinking.  Yet I'm scared.  I'm scared because I have said I would cut back so many times and haven't. .I'm also scared because my partner and all his friends and family drink pretty regularly so I'm not sure what will happen if I decide I can't drink at all. .Right now I just want to curl up in a ball and cry..Sadly I also kind of want to go home from work and have a drink.  I just want to make it all go away. 
----------immediate responses--------

I read somewhere in the "sober blogs" recently that said "everything you've been doing up until now has been your attempt at moderation."   It took my breath away and I was sad to realize that they were right because I didn't want to give up drinking either!  Whatever you decide posting here is a great idea! What about a commitment to an extended break (30 100?) days?   Hugs!
I can relate to your situation - I've struggled with anxiety for as long as I can recall eating disordered during college. I used to justify my drinking: "I'm a student it's normal" (it wasn't I overdid it) "I'm an adult I'm entitled" etc. I also got to the point of recognizing my drinking was problematic (though I wouldn't admit it) thinking I should get a handle on my drinking *one day soon* but my moderation attempts never lasted long: that's just not how I liked to drink. ..My drinking was costing me way more than I was willing to admit I wrote things off as 'due to depression' 'bad luck' 'bad health' or I'd find someone or something to blame. ANYTHING but my drinking! It was destroying my relationship too...Eventually I realized enough was enough I was stuck my drinking levels were going to lead me to an early grave drinking wasn't solving anything and I wasn't getting on top of it - if anything it was getting progressively worse. I exposed my "reasons" for drinking as the excuses and lies that I told myself...I decided to quit for 'a while' - I couldn't imagine forever to start with so I hit smaller initial milestones: 30 60 90 120 days. By that stage I'd done enough reflecting on how I used to drink read enough relapse posts on here and gained confidence in my ability to live and enjoy a sober life that I decided that sober is the best way for me to stay...I am a much better partner I hate what I put my husband through I can't believe he stuck with me but I'm sober now that's what matters. We're both a lot happier as a result of my sobriety and get to enjoy sober activities together - e.g. we joined a gym. I'm managing my anxiety with the support of some CBT therapy/tools and just getting used to coping without alcohol.
I loved sabotaging my relationships with people when I was drunk.  Act like an ass say some things I don't mean to someone who doesn't deserve it and wake up feeling guilty embarrassed and full of self pity.  ..I had the discussion both internal and with my SO of "I/we should drink *less*" dozens of times.  It wasn't until the conversation became "I shouldn't drink at all" that any real change happened.  ..I worried about losing friends when I stopped drinking.  Over these past few months though the friendships I had that went beyond drinking have thrived while the people who were just glorified drinking buddies disappeared.  I don't miss them...I'll take having a clear head better mental and physical health more money to save and spend and waking up every morning guilt and hangover free over whatever benefits I saw in drinking.  
&gt;I just want to make it all go away..nope.  it won't.  **but the good news is the cure is so much better than the present.**..Moderation: we would not be here if moderation worked for us - any of us. Period.  Proved by thousands of failed experiments...Yeah it may work for a day a week a month even a year but sooner or later it's off the rails again...Thing is the 'medication' we've been taking for life has only a false positive effect and really bad contraindications and side effects.   And you don't have to get sober and learn how to live life alcohol free by yourself....
I would suggest not drinking today. Maybe try to set a sobriety goal that seems impossible. Like a month or 100 days or a year - because the truth is that any goal is possible. But you have to make it through today (and lots of today's). It's daunting to think of big goals until you break them down. Give the alcohol free life a chance. It's amazing how much better your life can get. It's refreshing to become consistent in terms of how you treat people. It's tough too dealing with anxiety and feelings (things I have lots of) ..I also tried moderation. Many times. I was horrible at it. I can't remember how many times I told myself or my partner that I could moderate and just have a few. But every time i went back to the same binge cycle. 6 drinks seemed like moderating but then I'd push it one night for 10+. It was really hard to admit that it was a failure and I had to just stop. it was hard telling my wife. It was hard to tell friends and family. The sub is full of stories of people who did it and support you! ..TL;DR: Moderation 1/10 - failed drank lots again would not recommend. .  Not Drinking - 8.5/10 - Life better proud of myself tough moments led to great gains. Would recommend. 
I went through a period like what you describe and I am sorry to report that things did not improve with time. Once we cross "the line" (whatever that is) moderation simply becomes wishful thinking. The expression of what we would like to happen before we have our first drink of the day. And then it goes sideways. Te only way to make it go away is precisely that: let alcohol go away.
Follow up--how do I deal with the giant wall that is up in my relationship due to the poor decision making from this weekend?  It makes me feel so alone and scared and hopeless.  He's trying really hard to be supportive but also drawing a hard line in the stand and being intentionally blunt about the problem.  .I just want to sit here and cry all day.
I only drank roughly 8 years but I have come to realize and accept that I am 100% addicted to alcohol and there is no such thing as moderate drinking for me. Although I cannot make that judgement for you what I can say is this. For almost 8 years I struggled with the idea of being a "normal" moderate drinker. Every time I drank there was always the anxiety of "not drinking too much". When I was out with friends I would judge how much I could drink based on how much they drank as I did not want to be the one who drank the most. I finally got to the point where I no longer cared how much I drank in front of others and drank how I naturally wanted to. This led to drinking until I passed out every time and increasing my tolerance very quickly. Now that I experience withdrawal every time I stop drinking and have no control over how much I drink I knew it was time to quit. Although my experience is most likely different than yours I can say that the last 126 1/2 days have been much less stressful for me. No thoughts of "what did I do or say last night?" No worrying about drinking and driving. No worries about drinking too much. I have heard there are people who abuse alcohol but can learn to control it. I am not one of those people. Staying sober used to scare the hell out of me and it still does time to time. But I now love the idea of living a sober life rather than one that involves drinking. You will have to figure it out for yourself but from someone who used to love alcohol more than life itself living sober is not that bad. It is quite nice actually.
I tried moderating but I found it hard work and always ended up back where I started. For me abstinence has been much easier than control - someone here said that it's easier to keep a lion in a cage than on a leash and I think that is a good way of looking for it...The other thing about being alcohol free is that your system recovers. My anxiety and mood swings have almost disappeared since getting into long-term sobriety.
