-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43rxsn/isolation/

Isolation is what I struggle with. I sometimes work at home which means I am alone all day. So I have been making the trip to work which at least gets me around people but I basically stay to myself in my cubicle and don't talk much to others. Everybody is pretty busy and it's quiet. I go to AA meetings and I do have a sponsor I talk to once a day but I've only shared at a meeting once and I have a Very difficult time just making conversation after meetings. I really am just a very shy person and I only got talkative when I drank. I know I have to change this but am having a really hard time. What I am really afraid of is I will end up drinking over it. I have no desire to drink but I know I need to reach out and I'm having a really hard time. Took me six weeks just to stop lurking here and post something  
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there! What kind of things interest you? Do you like to exercise? Take a yoga class or join a book club. Meetup.com is a great place to find like minded folks. .Do you have any friends you haven't talked to in awhile? Maybe reach out to them. Or even just try making small talk with the cashier at the grocery store ask them about their day. It's a great way to "practice" conversation with out the social lubricant. 
Hello and welcome. I'm so glad you're here and that you came out of your shyness and "lurkdom". ..Have you thought about getting a therapist? A professional can help with your shyness and it gives you someone to talk to one-on-one. It helped me a great deal. [Check with your insurance provider.]..Kudos for 172 days! If you don't take the first drink you'll stay sober. Thank you for being brave and honest in your post. I hope we will hear from you again.
I'm also pretty good at isolating myself when not out drinking. I really enjoy the good energy of a yoga studio but that is just me.  
Hello and welcome. I still struggle with shyness and isolation to this day but it has gotten easier. One thing that helps me is to get involved with service work. That takes the focus off me and I don't feel so pressured to make small talk (which I find excruciating). I find it much easier to connect with people when I'm mopping floors and scrubbing toilets. Making 12th step calls can also be a great bonding experience.
If you wanna chat with sober folks like yourself you can check out our stopdrinking chat. It's a great way to reach out to people if you need someone to talk to. And you reaching out here as well is an awesome idea. Almost to 6 months keep up the great work!..[Click here to join the chat!](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/)
I think you might start finding parts of yourself7 you didn't know where there. I'm surprised at how different sober me is compared drunk me. Give yourself time get to know sober you. Try to push yourself and do things you wouldn't do before. There is so much more life to be lived! Good luck!
I'd focus on staying sober. Try not to force things. It takes a long time to tweak everything you'd like to tweak. Remaining sober should be priority 1. I suffer from the same  issue. I've been this way since childhood. Except during the party  phase of my life. Which was basically all a lie.
I have a tendency to crave isolation too. Was told to force myself to share however briefly at meetings to call a freind once a day and to get out of the house more often. The alcohol messes with my brain and encourages me to hide. It was a struggle at first but after some work I am begining to see good results. I hope you do to.good luck.
I can relate to the feeling I was working from home and felt isolated. One hobby that helped me reach out while enabling me to isolate if I felt like it was photography it put the focus on the art or technical stuff and there are many forums or real life photography clubs. Music can help in similar ways. End of the day being shy is not always a bad thing it probably makes you a good listener and observer. Congrats on 173 days! 
I'm by nature shy and an introvert.  There are a lot of  us.   Sometimes it looks so  easy  for others to mingle chat banter etc.  As you'll notice from a lot of the comments here moving toward  Action  versus  thinking and mulling  often yields better results.  I know that's true for me.  I naturally like isolation and living in my own head and thoughts.  I've found if I get proactive the ripples start to spread from there.   I've found that overt actions of both the anonymous type and the  here I am type  help me connect with others.  Whenever I want my higher power to be present I think of doing something for someone other than ME.  For me it's the anonymous acts that get things really going.  (If it's anonymous I can't get any credit and feed the  aren't you a good boy and look at those who saw that! ).  Sometimes I can't achieve anonymity but I look at my intent to be kind and reaching out not wanting recognition.  I've found numerous ways.  I've noticed that the earlier in the day I start with an act of kindness the better the day goes.  If I go to the drive through for a coffee or breakfast item I tell the attendant that I want to pay for the person's order behind me.  Only the attendant knows I'm doing that.  The person behind has no knowledge and by the time they understand I'm gone.  Or in Starbucks as I get to the cashier while in queue I'll say  and whatever he/she is having .  That's not anonymous but I've made new friends that way.  Or I try to find out what my colleagues drink- coffee latte tea bottled water etc.  Mid-morning I go get a coffee for myself and bring back something for them.  We always have smiles.  I find myself asking  anything I can do for you?  more often.  Pay it Forward!  Have a great day !..
