-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43ujqh/as_time_goes_on_more_and_more_people_notice_how/

I tried to control drinking a lot in my 20's more or less because I always knew I drank too much and needed to cut down. Trying to avoid drinking has become easier and easier since I admitted I was an alcoholic. I've changed a lot as a result of this admission. However one thing I did not anticipate was a change in those around me. ..Some friends and family used to think that quitting was unrealistic and unhealthy. These were the types of people who said "have you tried moderation" not realizing "moderation" is what I was trying to do for a decade already. However the tune of this song is changing as time marches on. The health effects of alcohol really start to add up at the threshold of late 20's to early 30's. For people who drink moderately or just "party on the weekends" the hangovers the weight gain and all those things start to wear people down. People see others who are struggling with alcohol more frequently and the consequences of alcohol abuse finally catch up with us. I know it did to me.  Importantly I know more and more people who just gave up drinking even though I would never classify them as alcoholics. This is really encouraging not only because it means I am surrounded in my daily life with more people who are conditionally sober it also means that people I care about are being healthy. This is a win win...So in the end I'd say that things get easier over time instead of harder for this reason. Maybe we don't give enough credit to young people trying to quit drinking--it's really hard when you are surrounded by others who really haven't experienced many negative consequences of alcohol. I have the utmost respect for people under 25 that have the strength to defy their peers.
----------immediate responses--------

Agree. Seems like quitting in 20s esp in college would be hard. 
I think it's always been like this...When I was in my 20s I can remember speaking to people in their 40s who said that they had cut down drastically or quit because 'they can't do it anymore'...I used to drink like a fish in my 20s. Started thinking I should cut back in my 30s now I'm in my 40s I know I need to stop as I struggle with moderation...I'm happy to do so too. I don't get the same effect I used to 20 odd years ago...Times change everything stays the same...
Good to hear from you and glad you're doing well!..You're very lucky to have people that are going sober around you. I know plenty of people around my age that are still going strong mostly my coworkers. But it shows. Every morning they come in hungover it shows.
I think the other hard part of quitting at a young age is that you're (I assume from my exp) resilient enough that you don't get horrible hangovers and the like. It's harder to think you're doing something "wrong" when you're not getting signals to that effect. But yeah kudos to the young people who are able to resist!
This topic has been coming up frequently between my roommate and I (both early 30's). I quit drinking mostly due to health issues starting to pile up and knowing that any type of controlled drinking just frustrates me. My roommate still drinks a good amount (probably a lot less than when we would drink together) but has started to see drinking-related health problems creep up. He gets resentful when he brings up his issues with friends who drink similarly and they claim to be in perfect health. The last time we talked I mentioned to him that I'm almost glad that I started suffering and noticing the ill effects so early on because it gave me a reason to stop. He begrudgingly agreed with me but I think it'll be a while before (if ever) he decides to stop as well. For now I'm trying to stay focused on myself and the positive changes I'm experiencing. I know it's hard to give up such a big part of your life and it's scary when you're not really sure what else to do.
I can't shake the thought that I'm succeeding this time because part of me has simply "grown up". I know there's so much more to it than that but really a part of me has just said *I'm too old for this shit. I'm tired." And I've seen many my age and older that don't see any inherent value in drinking at all or once in a blue moon. Their priorities seem to naturally flow in directions that are not self harming. This makes me glad too because it's easier for me to to see that yeah drinking myself into an early grave maybe really isn't "normal". 
It seems to me that also there is more information readily available these days regarding the health effects of too much alcohol.
Agreed.  Wanting to quit from age 26-30 was never enough to get me to quit.  The deleterious health effects I experienced starting at age 31 and my inability to moderate even in the face of those very real problems is what finally gave me the push I needed.
[deleted]
I'm 25 it's still hard. Everyone wants to drink. The only thing that keeps me going is knowing that over the next few years other people are gonna get their shit together too. Hopefully by then I'll have a good career all pulled together and can be the sober guy that newly sober homies call up...
So true!! I'm 26 and have been trying to "cut back" since I was 23. When you're in early 20s you think you're too young to have a problem. This time around I've been going to AA and it's confirmed that I need to stop the cycle. 
