-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43v84l/new_to_sd_not_to_sobriety/

I just discovered this sub and it is what caused be to change from a lurker to a member.  It has been quite a while since I have been to an AA meeting. I think that I have been taking my sobriety for granted and reading the struggles of the newly sober has caused me to refocus on where I am now and how I got here. I am looking forward to reading posts and commenting when I think my experiences could help.  Great sub thanks for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Welcome!  All support is gratefully received :)
Howdy! Good to have you here!..Since you're a fellow crusty old sober guy like me we should add you to /r/dinosaursinrecovery ... hey /u/coolcrosby?
Welcome to the group congrats on your long sobriety! I look forward to catching one of your posts/comments one day :)..Happy Tuesday
Welcome!  I'm pretty new as well and have found SD to be rewarding.  Reading the posts here remind me why my recovery is the most important part of my daily life.  ..I had about a 3 year stretch where I went to maybe 3 or 4 meetings a year at most (never missed my anniversary meeting!) while I never drank or even considered it I did see my thinking about other things had slipped.  Now I try to make a meeting once a week.  I also noticed that I always feel a bit energized after leaving a meeting.
Hello and welcome! Glad you're here and hope to hear more from you in the future.
Would love to hear what's worked for you in a Sunday Solutions post.
Welcome.
welcome  -  and thats not all - there is a sub  Dinosaursinrecovery to which you will be getting an invite momentarily. 
Welcome to SD. Great place to be whether it's day 1 or day 20000 there is always something new to learn here. 
Nothing motivates me more than seeing users with such high numbered badges. Welcome and thanks for being an inspiration to us little ones! 
Nothing motivates me more than seeing users with such high numbered badges. Welcome and thanks for being an inspiration to us little ones! 
