-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/43ynsf/my_story/

I have a burning desire to get this all down in one place. Read if you would like to...I grew up in an alcoholic family. My mother father aunt uncle grandmother and grandfather all drank. I resented them for this and found their behavior shameful and was always embarrassed when friends would come over and have to see them like that. I promised myself I would never drink because I never wanted to become like them...I first drank on a exchange trip to Germany. I blacked out the first time I drank. Probably should have seen that as a huge red flag but I was sixteen and just having a good time. ..I didn't really start drinking again until I was 19. I became friends with a girl at work and basically fell in love with her though I never told her. She was very into the party scene in my town and invited me out a few times. I started experimenting with drugs around this time as well (salvia and mushrooms). As I went out more and more I noticed that my tolerance was quickly increasing meaning I could go to parties drink and actually socialize instead of having a few beers and being trashed...A couple of years later when I turned 21 I started going out to the bars with friends on occasion. We would go to a local pool hall share a pitcher or two play a few games and call it a night. We all started progressively drinking more together but even then I noticed I wanted to drink more than they did. At this point I was working a low paying server job and barely had enough money to get by let alone get drunk. I would manipulate those around me into buying me drinks. I would never straight up ask for it but would hint that I was out of money/didn't want to go home yet/was really enjoying their company/etc. This escalated to the point that I was asked to not come into the bar without money. ..With that source of booze gone I started doing work around the bar for the bartenders (picking up empties taking out the trash cleaning the tables really anything) in exchange for free drinks. They called me the bar rat but I was fine with it as long as the drinks kept coming. Eventually I used this as leverage into an actual job at the bar. I was making even less money at the bar than I was at the restaurant but at least I got an employee discount on the drinks...Two months later I was managing the bar after a succession of bar managers quit. My salary was $400 a month but I was ok with it because the owner did not have any cameras and did not take inventory. I was a kid (23) with the keys to the candy store. I drank my self into oblivion daily for the next ten months. The worst night I can remember was when I had been drinking all day looked at the clock saw it was 7 looked out the window and saw what I thought was sunrise. I told me friends they needed to leave because it was way too late for me to still be up. They informed me it was 7pm and I had to be at work in three hours. I ate a quick meal and went in to work hammered. I continued to drink through my shift my logic being I needed to stay drunk so I wouldn't become hungover and useless. ..Eventually I quit. Looking back I have no idea how I wasn't fired. I had alienated most of my friends at this point or they had just moved on with their lives. I started going out to the bar without an invitation or without inviting anyone. ..A few months after quitting that job I was driving a friend home after a party and crashed into a car stopped at a newly installed stop sign. I tried to explain to the cop that I forgot the stop sign was there but she arrested me for DWI anyway. I had my next beer within an hour of getting out of jail...I continued to drink heavily for the next year while awaiting trial. At my height I drank a bottle and a half of whisky in one sitting tried to drive got into a fist fight with my roommate when he wouldn't let me and passed out and did it all again the next day. ..After being put on probation I tried to moderate a little better cutting down on how many times I went out. Six months into my probation and the day before Thanksgiving 2014 I got out of work early an decided to go have a few drinks. I drank for the next eight hours and left to go to my parents' house...On the way there I took a turn too quickly and hit the guard rail. My car rolled over and got pinned under a tree on its side. I undid my seat belt and fell to the passenger side stood up and tried to open the driver door above me. It would not open. The engine caught fire. I was trapped in the cab which was filling with smoke while trying to break the window. I passed out from the smoke inhalation. I woke up in an ambulance. Someone drove by broke out my window and pulled me out of my flaming vehicle. I spent Thanksgiving Day in the hospital being treated for smoke inhalation. I was completely uninjured. This time I made it two weeks with out a drink...Over the next year I dramatically cut down on how often I drank but when I did drink I would black out every time. Finally enough was enough and I had my last drink 92 days ago...I am grateful to be alive I am grateful to be sober and I am grateful to anyone who read this. It feels good to get it all out. I still struggle daily with cravings and coping but I am doing it sober. I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this man. Hold on to this new life and come here to ease the urge. May I ask you what you do now after grinding the bar life?
Enjoyed your story glad you came out of he'll unscathed well relatively. You've learned a very lucky lesson and glad things are going well now!
The important news is that youre 93 days sober and im 107 days sober. With time the cravings will subside just make sure you go to bed sober. Thank you for your post and i wish you well.
That's some intense shit. I'm glad you made it to the other side intact. Good work on the 90plus. 
Powerful story. Thanks.  
