-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/440vlv/today_is_100_days_sober_my_experience_thusfar/

Hey guys..I'd like to fill you guys in on my experience and symptoms going in to a sober life.  I had a lot of trouble finding information on this topic in detail so I figured I'd leave mine here in hopes that it'll help someone searching for more information.  I'll start with details...Currently I am 30 years of age and I started drinking a couple of weeks before I turned 21.  It was only the past 2 years that I started drinking extremely heavy (12-20 drinks a night with weekends being on the later end of that scale).  I tried quitting a few times during those 2-3 years with the aid of benzos but I would only last a couple of weeks before I was at it again.  ..I started drinking at a death-in-sight rate when I lost my family.  I was accused of a violent crime against my spouse plead guilty to a lesser crime because I lacked the funds to take my case to trial.  Lost the house the kids my life savings literally everything except my own life...Obviously I was / am depressed.  Shit got bad went to rehab which was excellent went 50 days sober when I decided that I may as well have fun while waiting for my shitty life to be over.  ..I lasted about 3 weeks until I was in a movie style relapse rolling around in beer can and almost losing my job.  I was in a lot of physical and emotional pain life was rock bottom for me.  ..I called my bro on a Sunday morning and told him everything how I was living etc.  He stayed on the phone for me for 7 hours to make sure I didn't drink and help me through the pain.  I didn't have any medication so we both agreed that for the night I would drink to sustain myself (not have a seizure). ..The next morning my boss told me I was going to be canned if I don't get my shit together last warning.  Dismissed me for the day so I went to go stay with my mom after visiting the doctor for more meds.  If it wasn't for her (my mom) I would have never quit...Day One was torture even on medication I was shaking violently couldn't sit still couldn't eat I had the works.  Day one felt like a week I had my mom in tears screaming for God to make the pain and symptoms go away it was really really bad fellas I couldn't even hold a cup...Day Two struggling to find a relief in symptoms pressed on with my meds went to work went back to my moms got some sleep finally.  The meds were working kind of.  I was able to sleep...Day Three kind of seeing some progress I think? (that's what I thought to myself at least).  In reality it was still torture even on the meds the shakes were very very bad.  From here we're going to fast forward to 2 weeks sober if you have questions I will answer...Day 14 I made a huge mistake.  I decided I was tired of taking my medication and I tapered off well enough already so I'm going to go full on zero with meds.  I had a seizure while driving on the 3rd day of no medication.  No one was injured.  I was taken to the ER where they pumped me with meds and told me I was OK to continue with taking nothing since I had "gotten through the worst of it."  I didn't drive for a week as a precaution.  I still had the shakes though I did notice that they were not as bad as the first week despite the fact that I was thinking about them constantly...One month in still have the shakes though I was noticing that I had episodes where I was symptom free.  Holy shit the first "episode" where I didn't have the shakes really made me happy!  My mood was starting to see a change for the worse being off meds and all.  I was really grumpy I didn't treat anyone bad but I found myself replaying the badness that is my life and all the unfair things that happened to me.  I still kept going though...Month 2 or 60 days.  I have more episodes of being symptom free I am now taking solace in these far and few in between "episodes" of being symptom free.  I can sing again without forced vibrato from my tremors.  I'd like to note that after about 70 or so days I went and bought beer because I was super pissed at my ex but didn't drink it out of sheer fear of doing through day one again.  ..90 days fellas my episodes are no longer episodes of being symptom free my episodes are the shakes.  I still get the shakes from time to time and I'm still in a bad mood a lot and my life still fucking has a lot of shitty things most of which haven't changed.  ..I still don't get to see my kids often because my ex is evil and I'm too broke to take her to court (again...ever had to divorce twice fellas?).  I'm still relatively broke and really really sad about my kids.  I'm still in a bad mood a lot because I feel she got away with murder and I lost everything despite being a "good man".  I still get the shakes for a few minutes out of each day but I'm still sober and today is 100 days of that journey a day I never thought I'd see and live through.  ..Note my experience will not be like yours don't fear the shakes as much unless you bounced off and on benzos for a while this is the main factor in my shakes so please ask questions!..
----------immediate responses--------

Bravo for a century of days! Thanks for sharing your story.
Congratulations!..My father and mother had a nasty divorce and he just kept drinking right up until he died. One of the things that makes me the saddest is how I just keep thinking that he let her win. His life was ruined forever. He could never climb out of it. Congratulations to you for already taking such a monumental first climb -- getting sober. I can only speak for myself but I reached out to my father and built a relationship with him when I got older and out of my mother's house. I'd imagine your children might do the same so don't give up hope on them.
Wow...painful story...fear of having to go through another detox should be of some help staying sober.  My detox was painless and event free even though I was drinking vast amounts of rum before sobering up.  Everybody's story is different...bravo for sticking with it...happy 100 days! 
Damn man your 100 days is a lot tougher than mine was. I really hope you stay the course. I do truly believe things will get better but I am sure it will take some time. Your day 1 was way shittier than any of my day 1s have been and I never want to go back to day one. Hang in there you got this!
Thank you for sharing. The shakes scared me so I went to the doctor in the beginning and she said they will just go away eventually. For the most part they have unless its a really high anxiety moment....High Five day 100!!
By not drinking you are making yourself available to be closer with your kids should that door be open. You are taking control of the only part of the relationship that you are in control of...By not drinking you are allowing yourself the opportunity to one day have the money to take her to court. On top of that you are putting yourself in a position where you can make a case for your parental rights in court. ..Well done on taking things one step at a time and focusing the positives every step along the way. 
Thanks you for sharing. You've helped this father not drink today.
