-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/441lu5/had_a_therapy_appointment_today/

sat down in the chair said "i'm six days sober"* and started crying. (yeah i lasted 30 seconds tear free)..she has been my therapist on and off for 4 years and knew a little bit about my struggle but i never came clean to her. or anyone else for that matter. ..it felt SO GOOD to get it out. we talked about the next steps she offered advice and i made mental notes. she told me at least 5 times "good work" and  "i'm proud of you" and that was everything...again thought i'd share with SD bc my past attempts i did so privately and well you can see how that turned out. ..*yes my badge says 5 but today is day 6 and there's no fucking way i am drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. You were brave to be truthful with your therapist. 
[deleted]
Well done.  Feels good to talk without the fear of being judged right?
Sharing the struggle is almost always a good thing.  It lightens the load. 
Congrats! I came out to my whole family about my problem a couple months ago and I'm so glad I did. I'm lucky enough to have a support system that just wants to see me get healthy. It was definitely a weight lifted. Now I have that extra boost of motivation. It's good to have at least one person you can spill your guts to. I find this group is very helpful as well. Keep it up! 
That is so amazing. I am proud of you too! That is a huge accomplishment. I remember that feeling ( it was only a few weeks ago lol) when I talked to my new doctor about it met with a therapist was honest with my husband/friends/self. I too kept most of it private in the middle of last year when I went into inpatient. My husband took me there and picked me up but that was the extent of his involvement/support. Family/friends/work didn't know anything. This time has been soooooo much easier! I am so happy for you getting it all out must have felt so good to get that weight off your shoulders! Congrats on 6 days!..High Five
Proud of you!! 
2 more days and you say bye bye to that #smileyface.  Great job
