-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4430qt/dont_beat_yourself_up/

Here are my thoughts on a lot of us (including me) when we slip up and relapse. A normal drinker would say I haven't had a drink in days/weeks/months. We say that we've been sober for days/weeks/months/and OMG!! years. It's the same but the mindset and triggers are different. But if you can do a few months without slipping up you didn't drink cool. If you do a month of no drinking slip up once and get back on the wagon you drank once move on. I'm not trying to justify drinking but I know that a lot of us will return to our old drinking patterns when we slip. Just see it as as a speed bump.
----------immediate responses--------

Right on!  It's easy to throw in the towel and give up. Like you say just a little hurdle then use what you've learned and get back on track.
Interesting perspective and I certainly see the value in it. I imagine if I were to relapse that would be me done with sobriety until things got bad enough to need to stop again. Seeing it as not too big a deal may make it easier to stop again...That being said the fact that I am terrified of relapse and if I don't feel 100% comfortable won't even get in the same room as alcohol is probably keeping me safe. ..I look forward to reading the discussion on this post.
If I can add to that. Don't beat yourself up because a shame spiral just leads to more drinking. Agreed. If you have already drank get back on that horse as fast as you can the past is past...Heres the thing though lots of people "slip up" resume drinking and never return to sobriety. I started seriously attempting to quit the booze around thirty but I didn't get more than a few months sober until nearly 47. Some of my relapses were many years of daily drinking. My story is extremely common...If you are really serious about getting sober check in here daily and pay attention to the names and numbers. If you make it here daily you will begin to notice something. **Many people who "slip" and "don't beat themselves up" never come back.** 
Relapse is not a requirement!  If it does happen absolutely dust yourself and return to sobriety figure out what needs to be done differently to maintain sobriety. I know too many people who never got the chance to make it back. I have to believe this may very well be my last chance. Relapse could be the end of me I don't take it lightly. ..Edit  fkn spelling
I think this is an important point. As some of mentioned here already relapse is obviously not a desired outcome and shouldn't be taken lightly - for some people a single relapse can be deadly. ..However it is important to remember that if a relapse does happen it doesn't have to be a disaster. I have struggled my whole life with this black and white thinking around failure - not just in drinking but in other aspects. I cannot tell you the amount of times I have resolved to do something and then when I fail for the first time I just give up the resolution completely. I can say "In February I will exercise daily and get in shape". Then on February 5th I will miss a day. On February 6 my brain will then say "Well I didn't work out on the 5th so I didn't make it through February doing daily workouts guess I'll try again in March" and then I will sit on my ass from Feb 5-29th. What I should do is get right back up off my ass on February 6 and keep at it. If I miss a workout every 3 or 4 days it's still better than giving up completely. ..While alcoholism is WAY more risky than a missed workout it's still so important to not get discouraged from a relapse and use it as an excuse to go on a bender or give up on sobriety for an indefinite amount of time. Instead look at the positives (i.e. I've been sober for xx amount of time I slipped up but I'm making progress and I can learn from my mistakes and go even longer next time etc.) and get right back up on that horse. ..I've failed at sustained sobriety 3 times already since I first started trying to give up on December 26. Yet here i've finally strung together 16 days because with each slip up I refused to let it turn into a month long bender. I just immediately returned here confessed to what i did analyzed what I could do differently and tried again.
In Smart Recovery I learned there is a big difference between a "slip" (or lapse) and full blown relapse. A slip is short term and if you beat yourself up about it and begin to think "why bother trying since I just lost my sobriety of x days/weeks/years" may lead to a relapse which is a long term event.  
