-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/443rjg/after_six_weeks_in_aa_long/

I'm getting to a point in my sobriety where I feel a bit lost.  I am now keeping my eyes peeled at meetings for someone I can approach to be my sponsor.  I am a great believer in "putting it out into the universe".  So I am being patient and attending my meetings and attending to my life and it's responsibilities. I have been feeling a bit out of place because I don't feel physical urges to drink but I do recognize that I am still obsessing about drinking. That's a thought that I have to learn to control but other than realizing that only today I feel like self-sabotage is the real problem.  Alcohol became the way to manage my negative feelings and eventually became a habit.  ..So I said to my therapist that I've been feeling like a bit of an impostor at meetings.  She suggested that I fake it til I make it.  So of course every discussion at every meeting since then has revolved around "get a sponsor" "90 in 90" "get a sponsor" "work the program" "do it now" "act your way into good thinking."  etc.  ..So today I was looking on the internet for AA related sites so I can step a little further into the pool and I found this article that suggest AA may be irrational.  That there is only a 5 percent success rate and there was one guy commenting over and over again about there is no scientific data or studies or peer reviewed and it's too much into God.  So of course I have to pipe in and I wrote this big long response that will probably be lost into the void.  So I thought I would put it here.  Maybe it will help someone take their own step further into the pool.  Writing it showed me that perhaps I have had a sip of the Kool-Aid without realizing it and I am on my way towards the life I was always meant to have.  Here's hoping.  ..>Addiction is a disease of the mind it is the way we address the obsession to drink. An alcoholic cannot have only one drink. We obsess about how we can have more and then another and eventually we are framing our lives around drinking. In our delirious obsession nothing is more important than alcohol. Not our responsibilities not our loved ones not our children. Alcohol is a poison. You want scientific data? Research the ways that alcohol internally degenerates the body over time especially drinking the way we do over a long time. Major organs your brain your bones your nerve endings. Everything. Alcohol allows you to relax and lower your inhibitions? That is because it is slowly killing your self preservation instincts. ..>There is no quantifiable data because you cannot measure self worth you cannot measure fellowship you cannot measure change in ones' thinking. It is impossible to have a control group versus an experimental group because the only requirement for membership in AA is a desire to stop drinking. How are you going to measure that? For the people in AA the way we measure that is how we feel about our obsession to drink. Alas for people looking for scientific proof there is no value that we can attribute to our sobriety. It is priceless. It is the path that we take to get to our goals in life. A way to walk through the deep dark woods of addiction and out the other side. Through sobriety we can have the joy in life that we see other people enjoying that we could never have because for us alcohol was our priority. ..>You think it is a simple matter of willpower. We know it is decades of erroneous thinking that has lead us to make one bad decision after another until bad decisions are our habit our default. We know no other way that was OUR normal. Through AA we change our habits and take the suggestions of other people who have multiple months and years of sobriety. They have the life we want they tell us how it worked for them. You can take it or leave it. Every meeting you are told it only works if you work it. ..>Addiction is a symptom from lack of connection to reality and other people. AA creates connection. Human interaction human sympathy a way for us to get out of our own heads and realize that we are not the only ones who engage in self sabotage we are not unique. AA creates a path to allow service to others. AA allows people to look for help without judgement without insurance premiums without appointment making. All you have to do is show up and listen. Perhaps you will meet someone along the way that shares your story. You may hear something that resonates and allows you to realize that you are not alone in this cold-hearted world. You don't always have to put on a front you are allowed to be vulnerable and every single person in that room understands exactly how you feel. How are you going to measure that? ..>And the God thing. That is just an umbrella term for acknowledging that you are not the highest power. You are insignificant you are not unique. Your story can have a happy ending because there are people in that room who have had it way worse than you and look at how peaceful they are. Don't you want that to? ..>AA presents an OPTION to have the light in their eyes that you can physically feel. Perhaps you can measure the way a body recovers from alcohol over time. Perhaps you can tell when a person's body will no recover as they lay in the hospital bed swearing up and down that they will not give up drinking because why? Because there is no scientific proof that AA works? Because they couldn't accept the fact that there is a higher power? That's fine. That's on them to be accountable to their lives and their loved ones. You can take one drink and be fine because you exercise willpower? That's great that's fine. I can't. I know that because I am mindful as to how I react when I start drinking. So in order to prevent that I abstain. I am sober and I want what they have so I am willing to try the path that they have tried. ..>And no God is not God is not God. Have religious wars over the centuries of humankind taught you nothing? God is an abstract idea that each human being creates their own definition for. For me my God is the feeling I have when I envision myself reaching my highest potential. For the person sitting next to me it may be Jesus Christ or Allah for the addict it is their drug of choice. For an addict their higher power is their drug. That's not how I want to live my life - even though that's how I have been living my life for the past 15 years. I want to live my life envisioning the most perfect version of myself: driven selfless connected. Perhaps I can get that through AA because goodness knows my decisions prior to now have gotten me diddly squat. ..>Quit playing devils advocate looking for someone to show you numbers and data as to whether or not AA works. There is no data and I can probably say for certain that there never will be because no person is perfect. We all have our relapses. This article may point to on the 5 percent of people that have succeeded. But each AA meeting I can point to 100 percent of the room because each person there is experiencing personal success just by being there. So I'm sorry to say my friend that there is no cure as you would suggest; one that gets bottled up and marketed. AA is a way to change a habit of thinking that has built up over our lifespan. There will never be any quick fix for something like that. ..>Perhaps it is too much for some people to handle. They don't want to look that deep into themselves and find their spiritual self-loving self-forgiving people serving inner peace side. I'm sorry for those people but to me that sounds like nirvana. The only thing AA can do is provide the mental tools and structures that allow us to practice better decision making such as asking for help and advice and disregarding our impulses to reach for a drink when our stressors are getting the best of us. That's all that AA does that's all that it can do. The rest is up to you.
----------immediate responses--------

How can you possibly read my mind? This is how I feel too because even though I disagree with some things about AA it saved my life and gave me tools to be sober and happy. ..**Priceless!** ..Thank you!..[p.s. Addiction is a disease of the body too.]
Nice post.  Thank you for sharing.
first the 5% figure is false - debunked...Second as you pointed out AA is working 100% for those it is working for where nothing else worked.  The success rate is abysmal in addiction as a whole - AA it fighting a tough foe.
[removed]
Well put - thank you for posting it here!
There are data regarding the efficacy of 12-step and other programs of recovery though it is all hard to accurately quantitate so there is a lot of variation. Success rates for almost any method are disappointing overall. Studies have shown that people who are more involved in AA (have a sponsor go to meetings frequently etc) unsurprisingly do better. All I care about though is that it works for me.
