-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/445e1i/day_2_take_6/

So day two take 6. I've been here before and I guess I do remember that it actually does almost immediately feel better for me (which I know is not the case for everyone.) Although I've been a daily drinker for years my intake amount was actually pretty consistent throughout (about a 6-pack of "big beers" per night) so I know that I don't really go through super obvious withdrawals per se and in fact I almost always have a few days of "beginners bliss" or something. So at least I have that to look forward to...The sleep is always a struggle for me but I've gotten pretty good at practicing that whole aspect of it. I know that it'll be worse next week but then get better again...Honestly for me personally it's never these first few weeks that are really all-too hard to do. It's those feelings on day 14+ where I go "Well I'm starting to feel better so maybe I really CAN drink like a 'normal' person" that keep bringing me full circle. ..I know that I really enjoy life when I can go to bed at a regular hour and wake up to actually see the morning...I know that I've done my best work during the periods of my life where I was sober...I know that my wife loves me more when I'm sober (and having had a really major blowout with her over a variety of things is what brings me somewhat ashamed back to yet another day 2.)..I know that especially when I talk to people like me my attitude and perspective about life begins to improve and that I begin to develop better tools for dealing with the BS that comes at me...This time I am truly making a commitment to my sobriety. No more games with myself no more letting that "AV" talk me back into the abyss. I've practiced getting sober enough times that I'm ready for the real show this time! Enough dress rehearsal!..Today I will not drink.
----------immediate responses--------

With ya I will not drink today.
Good for you. I will not drink with you today.
Im on day two as well.  I see a lot of my own issues in your post.  My drinking was a lot like yours as well.  6 pack of big beers every night I used to drink a regular six pack but moved up to the bigger ones so I could still tell myself I only had 6.  Six beers every night didn't seem like a huge problem for me I figured most people did that.  Well normal people don't drink that much every night.  My biggest problem on top of the 6 a night was the once a month or so I would "go hard in the paint" which would include a blackout and a hangover that would last two days.  
