-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4463ho/what_did_you_do_that_helped_you_finally_break_out/

I've hung around SD for a while now but despite an initial 67 day stint i've failed to remain sober for a continuous period of time it's just been a string of constant relapses...I have a hangover headache today and have wasted an entire day yet again. I don't want to go through this anymore but I know from experience that as soon as the hangover wears off i'll be craving it badly and soon after back at it again. I want the cycle to stop once and for all...I have a question: For those of you who have broken out of the constant relapse cycle and managed a continuous period of sobriety what did you do/what happened where it finally 'clicked' and you were able to remain sober?.Was it just finally experiencing bad enough consequences or was there something else specific that you did? .......
----------immediate responses--------

I'm only at 110 days but it's the farthest I ever made it (I too was a frequent relapser at the 40-60 day mark for years). This time I started attending Refuge Recovery meetings and found a mentor (like a sponsor). She and the group really keep me involved and accountable.
The realization that bad consequences were inevitable if I continued was enough to get me to stop initially.  After that it's mainly been a question of keeping sobriety as a value in my mind.  With that in mind I read posts here every day (and take it as a warning on the occasional day when I don't want to - those are the days when I come here more often) to keep the focus on not drinking and remind me what's very likely coming my way if I go back out.  Finally the badge has worked wonders for me - once I committed and got a badge it was like admitting for real that I was done.  Staying active is the main thing for me.
The last time I drank I ended up hurting myself physically and I felt lucky that there was no permanent damage. After a string of relapses I realized I'd had enough. Also I'm 25 and feel lucky that nothing horrible or life-changing has happened as a consequence of my drinking. I had the scary realization that if I kept drinking eventually something would happen that would create long-lasting damage whether it's alcohol poisoning an injury DUI ruining a friendship or relationship losing a job etc. I just decided I had to stop before anything terrible happened because I knew it was only a matter of time if I kept drinking.
I nearly killed myself with a knife in a drunken depressive blackout fit. Got lovely deep scars down my arm and on my torso. This was 8 months ago I relapsed once since then realized I was being an idiot worked a 10 hour shift through a life altering hangover and told myself that was it. Haven't felt the urge since. It's freeing once you surrender completely to the knowledge of your condition. For me: I'm going to die if I drink plain and simple. ..Edit: I wouldn't advise this method;) lol. For some real advice I found the being open and honest with everyone about everything can be really helpful: it builds confidence restores trust harbors accountability and you'll find that people are actually receptive to it.
I cut off pretty much all contact with all of my drinking buddies and got a girlfriend who also doesn't drink. Since then I've began talking to a few of them but never hanging out other than grabbing lunch or coffee sometime. The only way to consistently stay sober - in my opinion - is to make drastic life changes to where you arent tempted to go back to your old ways. I did the same thing with smoking. I used to smoke because the people I hung out with smoked. I stopped hanging out with them and stopped smoking. Do I still crave cigarettes sometimes? yes. Do I still crave alcohol? actually not really that much - but sometimes. But I have ZERO social pressure to act on those cravings in fact I have the opposite because I have surrounded myself with a support system (ie my girlfriend) who would be fucking pissed at me if I did that. 
I broke up with my Fianc e about four months before I stopped drinking.  We got back together two months later while I was still drinking.  Something clicked inside my head as to how this woman could still love me after all the shit I put her through.  It made me examine my drinking problem more than I had over the past 20 years and several failed attempts to get sober.  I realized drinking was causing me to push everyone away and if I kept it up I would finally get my wish to be alone...Once I stopped drinking I started healing and realized that people are the most important part of my life.  Somehow I have been fortunate enough to not lose a lot of relationships due to drinking but was pretty close.  I think that was the difference for me this time around.  I stopped thinking that I didn't need anyone but me and my bottle.  I stopped being so bull headed and admitted to myself that drinking was a circle of numbness followed by anxiety depression self imposed isolation and self hate...Coming to SD daily helps A LOT too.
For me it was seeing a counselor and getting diagnosed with PTSD which I had no idea I had. I haven't had even an urge to drink since then.
I read the book "This Naked Mind" and listened to the audio book "The Easy Way to Control Alcohol". I'm only a couple of weeks into this journey but these books completely changed the way I think about alcohol. 
I didn't tell anyone what I was doing or make any promises on any social media or to my GF.  I just did it.  Cold calculated steely willpower.  It worked.  She only noticed when I had a few weeks of training in at the gym.  
I'm the same as you...the longest I've ever gone was 74 days and then got a case of the fuck it's! This time around I decided that id get over myself and try out AA. So far it's working for me but I'm also really early in my sobriety. The constant promises to myself to cut back and then the disappointment from failing was getting to be too much. 
.Joined SD. This place has been wonderful for me.
All I did was finally admit to myself that it was bigger than me and I couldn't win no matter what I did.
Moved out of a drinking household got to the point where I was not around drinking at all.
I went to rehab (not everyone does) then started going to AA.  In AA I listened to what was said I took the advice of people with long term sobriety and got a sponsor started reading the AA Big Book and other literature (including non AA material) and went to 90 meetings in 90 days.  I kept the sober people in sober places promise to myself for a very long time. I also have quite a few sober friends and mentors that I have met over the years that I can always (and I mean any time day or night) call...I also let my family and friends know that I couldn't do it alone.  Sure I've tried to quit before of course I had lied to them many times before I know I had broken their hearts too many times.  But I let them know I needed their support and help.  The only friend that didn't support me is no longer in my life.  There was never any alcohol in my house even at parties or holidays for the first 3 years.  
[removed]
When I say it out loud what I am going to say comes of as condescending but I PROMISE I don't mean directed towards anyone but me. What helped me decide to make an honest go of it? Admittedly I am only a few days in but this is the first serious go 'round and it feels night and day different from any other time I tried to stop. ..Anyway well helped me break out was GAINING SELF ESTEEM and VALUING MYSELF. It's been about a year long journey. It started with the end of a really toxic relationship. I could write thousands of words about all the terrible things this person did in our relationship but the truth of the matter is: I allowed it to happen. I allowed her to treat me badly. That freaked me out more than anything she did. I asked myself "what is going on that you're letting someone do this to you?' That led into "what is going on that you're treating yourself this way?" ..I wrote a post where I talked about a few embarrassing drunk moments that led me to quitting. Were those the only embarrassing drunk moments I have had? Of course not. But they happened at a time where I finally valued myself and woke up the next day knowing that I owed myself more than that. ..I finally care about myself enough to not spend my days hungover in the morning and drunk at night. 
[deleted]
For me telling people who are close to me helped a lot.  Something about saying "I need to stop drinking" out loud made it more real.  Telling people also helped make me more accountable for my actions...Checking in here daily (even just to read a quick one-sentence post or two) has also helped a lot.  
When I figure it out I'll post here for sure! I've had 8 months 6 months 4 months and several 2 and 3 month periods of sobriety (or being clean). I get confident and cocky I got this. Get some money in my pocket feel good/feel sorry for myself and bam. Day one again. My plan is for when I find a job to give my money to someone else to hold onto. No money can't buy anything. And staying active and alert being on here meetings anything that could help. 
