-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/446hey/moderation/

I know the sub reddit is titled stopdrinking.. but does anyone here take more of a moderation approach?  I'm really struggling with thinking this through.  I'm in the mental health field and the research lately has been leaning towards a "harm reduction" model instead of a firm abstinence only model.  I know I'm a problem drinker and alcohol sometimes takes me to really bad head spaces.. I've committed to no drinking during the week (used to drink 2 drinks on weeknights probably 4-5 weeknights).  The weekend is coming though and I don't have a firm plan in my head.  I know I do not want to drink more than 2 drinks in any given weekend day which I know is possible.. I just don't know if it's smarter for me to just say screw it no alcohol for awhile. 
----------immediate responses--------

I can only speak for myself. I am not here for harm reduction I am here for harm elimination. I feel everyone else is too. If you are trying to work on moderation you may want to look elsewhere for moderation support. Best wishes.
I'm sure there's something to be said for moderation that's just not a concept that works for me. My model of 'moderation' was getting blacked out for about a month with a brief drying out phase in between usually a week or two. I had to quit entirely because I lack impulse control both with drugs and the drink. Your results may vary.
I tried for years to moderate - it doesn't work for me.  I just end up worse than where I started - broke with less friends and support and a hangover.  I found that the only way for me to stop obsessing over alcohol was to completely remove it from my life...Besides moderation is too much work takes too much time and headspace to do IME.  It was easier for me to abstain than it was to count my drinks and wait the right amount of time until I could have the next one.........
Hi todayswheather! I am also looking towards moderation I'm starting with 31 days of no alcohol and this site has helped A TON in learning ways to avoid urges but I agree that it seems most people here are on an abstinence only approach. After this 31 days I'm planning to resume drinking with moderation and see how that goes. I have found the tools discussed here helpful and I wish you luck in your journey!
I would be willing to wager that literally everyone on this board has considered moderation at some point...I'm sure there are some people out there who have somewhat of a mild problem with drinking and they make a commitment to "chill out" and that totally works for them. ..Myself I've been drinking on a daily basis for a little over ten years. I've had several periods of abstinence never longer than a month. Usually I'll get to a month or so and then I'll think "Eh I'm probably going to be OK now if I just try to keep things mellow and don't overdo it."..I've even occasionally been able to live up to that goal for short periods of time. Inevitably however I personally always eventually slip back into my old pattern and from there it's usually years in between (which lead me to two days ago). ..So the short answer to your question as to whether or not there are individuals who can moderate and drink in a "healthy" way is "Absolutely."..But after 10 years of trying that I've personally come to the conclusion that there is just no way that I will be able to moderate. And even still I know my biggest issue is that process of bargaining with myself. That's why I'm here; because I needed to be reminded on a daily basis that I simply cannot and that there are many out there like me who are identical (which is a thing that still blows my mind; just how identical most of us in that category are; right down to specific weird things that you almost couldn't possibly imagine are so similar). ..No one unfortunately can tell you for certain where you fall. But I know that the peeps in a place like this are always here for me for which I am always eternally grateful.
Peep this!  :)..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_i_want_to_moderate_and_control_my_drinking._why_aren.27t_people_giving_me_tips_and_tricks.3F
With all due respect I think the fact you are here on this sub and have gone far enough to post probably gives you the answer you are looking for! 
[deleted]
If I could moderate my drinking I would be drinking right now to celebrate.
You can also check out 'HAMS' which while as it turns out wasn't really helpful to me I have no doubt it can help for others. Personally I think anyone who wants to get help to any degree that they want it should be able to. That program centers on sort of setting daily goals for yourself and monitoring your progress. Give it a shot. If it turns out that that's not super effective then there's people who would love to talk to you about an abstinence goal but I encourage you to do what's right for you and I applaud your efforts.
My experience has been that "normal" drinkers don't need to think about counting their drinks - it's simply not an issue for them. If you're wired like we are abstinence is the only option for long term success. Just my 2 cents... Good luck!!
Are you able to have just 1 or 2?   If so then great!   ..If it is a struggle what makes you think that you will win that battle?  And why do you want to engage in that battle?
I think for me and for many here on SD moderation has previously been a goal that we've found doesn't work for us. So we focus on sobriety.  I've tried moderation and at first it feels great but I'm ALWAYS thinking about it planning it worrying about it and ultimately drinking too much eventually. Everyone is different and if you can make moderation work for you Hooray! It's just that many many folks here have tried it and it hasn't worked for them so you probably won't find a lot of support.  Does the research your looking at investigate harm reduction prior to full-on problem drinking or is it an approach used with "experienced" alcoholics.  Just curious 'cause I think that might make a difference too..
Non-alcoholics can moderate; alcoholics cannot. If you could moderate you'd already be doing it. 
I've often fantasized about moderation. I "only" drank 2 nights a week (Fri-Sat). However I counted down the seconds until my first drink. Usually this time of the week (Thursday) starting me planning on how I can adjust my weekend when I'm drunk. What activities I could skip due to being too tired or hungover. How I could get the kids preoccupied so they didn't see how many empty beer bottles I had. ..To me that is major obsession. It's a ton of work and stress planning. If someone gave me their same story but substituted food for beer I would say they were a food addict. 
I always found moderation to be much too exhausting.  The mental gymnastics of counting drinks sometimes lying to myself about my actual drink count.  I'd string together a few successful days or even weeks where I would stick to my limit then when I eventually "broke" and binged I would always "make up for lost time" and drink A LOT.  Life is much more simple for me now that I don't drink at all.
Quite honestly I've 'reset' a couple times with various plans of moderation.  From 'no hard alcohol' or no more 'boxes' of red wine - only bottles.  only beer... whatever.  Or plans of only drinking on Fri/Sat night and maybe pints on wednesday to keep it to 3 days a week.  Sure enough I end up going golfing on Sunday (and drink on the course and after) or go out after work for dinner/drinks with a client and within no time the rules are thrown out to shit.  Ya know it'd be rude to not have rye and rum in the cabinet for the party - and amazing how at some point after the party some excuse comes up that I should indulge.  Hey it's a snow day - drink up!  ..I got a flu/very bad cold on monday so haven't had a drink since sunday night.  call that 3 1/2 days sober?  lol.  I can recall 1 night in maybe the last 5 years where i did not have a drink before bed... and honestly it's rare where i have less than about 10 drinks per evening.  Normally 2 pint glass sized rum or rye &amp; cokes and a couple beer chasers...So I've been wanting to change for maybe the past year or two but haven't really come up with a new 'system' to try out - even though i've been sick this week it's sort of interesting the difference i feel in the morning.  I don't know but will come back to thread to see if anyone has this figured out..
I tried moderation it didn't work and I went back to my old ways.  A few months later I tried moderation it didn't work and I went back to my old ways. This cycle went on for way way too long...I've been around a while and I have never known anyone who had an alcohol problem to successfully moderate. ..I have a lot of respect for people in mental health practice and research but the anecdotal evidence I've seen says it doesn't work.
[removed]
 All I know for me is I am addicted to alcohol so there is no such thing as moderation. I have heard of "harm reduction" and have heard of some people having "success". But I guess what do you consider success? Only having a few blackouts and hurting people around you only once in awhile? Moderation has not worked for me and many others which is why we are on this site.
This is just my experience.  I'm sure there's success stories out there: I'm a psychologist (although I've worked in applied research and never have actually helped someone lol) and I used every resource I could think of to moderate. The harm reduction thing really appealed to me.  I tried CBT for a year to help me moderate.  Unfortunately for me it didn't help much and I eventually just started lying to myself/my therapist about how much I was drinking.  It made my drinking feel like even more work.  I also used medication which had a lot of benefits but didn't reduce my drinking...Looking back my objective when I drank just wasn't compatible with moderation.  I wanted to numb myself when I got home at night and I just couldn't do that with a couple drinks.  It was like drinking decaff...I took off 90 days from drinking just to see what happened. It was much simpler to just stay stopped and I don't miss alcohol much. 
I tried moderating by switching from strong craft beer to light beer. Didn't work. ..I tried moderating by limiting myself to only a couple (ok ok a few) strong beers a night. Didn't work. ..I tried moderating by drinking only on the weekend. Didn't work. ..I tried moderating by only drinking scotch and not a bunch of beers. Didn't work. ..I tried moderating by only drinking between certain hours. Didn't work. ..I tried moderating by switching to pot after a couple drinks. Didn't work. ..I tried moderating by signing up for marathons and ultra marathons. Didn't work. ..I tried moderating by depositing as much money in my savings account as I was spending on booze. Didn't work. ..I could go on but uh...I tried moderating. Didn't work. 
Why? What's so great about alcohol? ..If someone told you they did heroin or huffed paint "in moderation" would that sound reasonable?
