-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/447anm/yea_i_failed_it_only_got_harder_with_time_wtf/

Yea I lasted about 14 days. There is one consistency I still even as I cracked open a beer have no doubt that I am not a healthy drinker. I suppose that is something right? For the longest time I was in a constant battle with myself trying to explain how I wasn't a  problem drinker' or  addicted drinker  I was just a drinker who needed to work on moderation. I've moved past that. I realize that if I drink I'll drink the six pack of IPa's wake up in the middle of the night dehydrated and feeling like shit  and then do it again the next night  and the next night until a fucking week has past and I feel like a lazy piece of shit. .I just can't figure out how to break away from the monotony of being sober. Drink coffee go a hundred miles an hour at work walk dogs cook dinner clean house go to gym. Productive as shit read a book. Then again the next day and the next day. I don't know how to feel that feeling of pure laid back chill zone without alcohol. So then it's just like what do I do now? Sleep and do it again. Alcohol is like my warm interlude between the tasks between the mandated shit the days and weeks filled with tasks productivity. I love the altered states of mind. ..Maybe I'm just a lazy fuck who is missing out on the fun I should get in being productive? Maybe that's what it boils down to? .After 14 days of being on point of being ahead on all my research for my graduate program of being ahead at work of noticing I'd lost 3 pounds I realized that every day I started to think about how nice a beer would be just a little bit earlier than the day before. First only late at night then right after work suddenly by 1p.m . I was having to go back and forth with myself. Debating and reminding myself why I can't not even just 1 or just tonight or just this weekend .It's fucking exhausting. It wasn't getting easier. It was getting harder. If it was this difficult 2 weeks in dear lord what would 3 months be like?? All this emotional battle this screaming back and forth in my head that drinking was bad not an option for me over and over every ten minutes the constant back and forth  all to go home and cook and clean and work on more shit.. well I failed. And ten days later I realized I had been drunk every night was bloated bags under my eyes struggling to do shit at work for school. I thought this shit would get easier. Why can't I get off on the  small things' in life  why isn't that enough to break up the monotony? Maybe I need to start sky diving or some shit hah. Oh well back to square one like always. .
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back!! Failure is such a negative word! I think each time I relapsed I learned something new about myself. For example: my last relapse taught me that I don't want to relapse anymore! It sounds like you have too? What's the plan to stay sober this time?
Nothing in your 'list of things to do' mentions AA or some type of Recovery group.  When I was feeling lonely or had urges being around like minded people helped.  And YES it does get easier but it doesn't happen overnight and the first 2-3 weeks are truly the hardest!  Give yourself a chance.  I know You can do this if you really want to!
Welcome back.  I don't think it's reasonable to expect it to get easier after 2 weeks.  Maybe after 3 months!  Now that you recognize you have a problem drinking will never be the same so that should help a bit...What are you going to do different this time so you don't relapse again?
I made myself so ill when I binge drank that my first 30 days or so felt good just to be *normal* and not sick all the time. After that the boredom you speak of would set in and I'd relapse around 40-60 days (different timing but the same mentality as you). I think the reality is living life on life's terms is not always going to be exciting or wondrous or escapist at all. Going back to drinking used to provide that "thrill" or "warm relaxing glow" I seemed to be missing. I finally started getting involved with people who have more sobriety than I do and all of them SWORE to me up and down that it gets easier. I have to believe this! So when I'm feeling like I'd like to just let go and do what the beast brain wants I remind myself that it will get better... And sometimes I'll say that if it doesn't get better I'll drink---later. Wishing you the best!
&gt;Alcohol is like my warm interlude between the tasks between the mandated shit the days and weeks filled with tasks productivity. I love the altered states of mind. ..Very well put. Recognizing the importance of time to unwind reset self-care whatever you want to call it is pretty much my biggest struggle in sobriety so far. ..I'm realizing that if I don't prioritize time away from the tasks and seemingly endless and mundane to-do list I'm not a very happy person. Big surprise there. But it's difficult to do-- especially after all these years of shame and guilt when it's hard to allow myself to feel I deserve any personal time...Also making time for myself usually involves postponing something on the list of obligations. That's hard to do as well. I know it's important to give myself time but it's the actually doing it that I'm struggling with right now...As for the exhausting internal battle against cravings I've found that they have decreased dramatically almost to zero even at 29 days. Not to say it's the same for everyone only that the emotional battle will subside rather than intensify as you fear it might...Thanks for your post and wish you the best going forward.
Don't beat yourself up too much. I've been there and done exactly what you're describing so many times and you've already accomplished what I so often have failed to do: You returned to the people who are getting sober with you and asked for help. That truly is a *great* accomplishment...I'm going to stick around here like you and see if the continuing advice I get from my peers in a place like this helps as it so greatly seems to do. I trust them when they say it gets better and I've had enough of a taste of that process that I know I'm not going to risk losing it again. I'm not going to drink today; wanna not drink together? 
Although at about 2 weeks I felt I was turning a corner and not looking back it was more about leaving behind my awful detox and DT spell. Echo remark about weeks 2-3 being hardest. Was not until days 25 or 26 that I felt like I wasn't going back. I may slip but it won't be today and probably not tomorrow. One day at a time.
You didn't fail yet.  You made it back here and are trying again.  That being said I was never able to stop without irl support (therapist support group).  It gets so much easier in my experience.  I have friends who are into sobriety and am discovering new/old hobbies.  My life is more interesting without alcohol.
Glad your back. Did you still have alcohol in your house or did you go out and buy some that day?
I get it. For me alcohol was a reset switch. It allowed me to shutdown after a hard day at work. It let my brain reboot and clear the ram. The trouble is it came with consequences. Yeah I might reboot my brain but I might also end up in prison. I will also definitely feel like crap the next day spend loads of money and consume hundreds even thousands of empty calories. ..There are other ways to reset your brain that don't involve alcohol. One I've found is going to the gym. Lifting heavy weights then eating a big meal after has really helped me zone out after work. It puts me into a relaxed state where all I want to do is lie down. It's nice! 
Hey I'm right there with you. Life is pretty monotonous for me at the moment. Sleep work come home and read/write sleep etc...It's boring and it sucks but I'm telling myself that this is a transitional period. This is like waiting at a bus station after fleeing an abusive relationship. After an hour of waiting do I say "Fuck this bus stations suck!" and run back to the abuser? No I stick it out and wait for that bus to a better place...At first I expected everything would be hunky dory at a month. Some more advanced people here told me things stabilize around three months at the earliest...Drunk voice says "That's two months away! i can't wait that long. Go get a drink." Rational voice says if I go back to drinking now I'm only making three months sober farther and farther away.
I battled with this problem for awhile. I would get bored with sobriety(I still do) and I think it's because alcohol gave me immediate gratification. I now expect immediate gratification from a lot of the things I do. Even getting sober I wanted everything to be fixed immediately. I'm not a very goal-oriented person so accomplishing things in the long run seemed(and seems) so impossible. I'd rather just give up some times. I think eventually I will understand that those long or short term goals will hold way more value than drinking. I would suggest doing some stuff out of your comfort zone. Sky diving would be a good one. ha. I understand that I'm a selfish person so I try to do selfless things. I also like to go to out of town AA meetings every week and do something different. If I get caught up in the same routine I know I will get bored(which isn't good for me). I hope this helps you and I hope understood your post correctly!
I am way too chicken to skydive personally but with all my new free time not been drunk on weekends I have re-discovered my love of photography!..At the moment I have been taking lot's of close up photos of bugs  
What kind of hobbies do you have? 
I stay on here a lot right now.  Way too much actually but I am not doing meetings at this point.  I need constant reminders right now.  I read and respond like some sort of psycho.  I am sure I will slow down with time but I am not ready yet.  I still romanticize about Canadian Club often.  
I also made it 2 weeks before failing. I thought having a bottle in the house would make my resisting "stronger" but it only led to drinking again being that much easier...I now threw out all alcohol in my house. I figure if my mind sends me back to the decision of drinking I'll have some time on the drive to the store to think about it.
Wow you literally pulled all of the words directly out of my mouth. I decided to do 30 days without drinking. I actually made it this time. Like you it's getting harder and harder for me. Thinking of drinking earlier and earlier. HATING the monotony of life.....HATING IT! No break boring shitty...blah. ...and this is with an awesome wife and great kids. I do feel much better overall but I really REALLY miss the escape.....REALLY BADLY! 
Your post really hits home.  I went through so much of this crap over and over.  I'd be struggling on yet another day 6 (if I was fortunate enough to get that far) reading posts here that said things like "Wow 30 days just went by and it was so much easier than I expected!"  But I kept trying and eventually a week of sobriety was about as easy as one day used to be.  It does get easier over the long run if you keep working at it...As for being a lazy fuck or not being able to get off on the small things in life I've come to believe that this is due to alcohol messing with the brain.  The brain is getting an unnaturally massive reward from the drug therefore normal life doesn't seem as good as it should.  But eventually that will change.  That's my thinking anyway..
It amazes me how much time I wasted THINKING about alcohol! How many beers were left in the fridge from last nite did hubby sneak the last of the wine box how full were the bottles under the sink yada yada yada! Plotting planning dreaming then falling sinking stinking crying yelling praying. Thank God for AA and CR. Y'all keep coming back. You can do it one day at a time!
