-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44aqhg/planning_a_relapse/

I'll be at 1 year sober in a couple of months and I'm starting to consider whether I'll try drinking again after I hit that mark. I'm absolutely sure that I won't drink before the 1 year mark but it's days 366 and beyond that concern me. I guess the nice thing is that I have 50+ days to figure out how to head that off. .."Normal" people plan their drinking several weeks in advance right? :)
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on 10 months mate that's formidable. Did you manage to moderate successfully before you quit?
Congratulations!  I've found somethings helpful for me: I don't drink today; I get up tomorrow and make the same decision.  When I find myself thinking about taking a drink (which hasnt occurred in I can't remember how long) I take out the list of all the things I lost from drinking compare it to all the benefits I got from drinking.  Now my list of all the "benefits I got from drinking" has ZERO entries on it.  I call my sponsor if I start planning on having a drink.  I especially talk to people in my fellowship and meetings who have "gone back out".  But hey maybe you need some research.  Maybe you don't have alcoholic thinking.  I hope the best for you!
You have far more days of sobriety than I do right now. And the last few days I have been a little obsessed with what I am calling the "Moderation Monster." Because it is this little monster in the back of my head who keeps conjuring up thoughts of planning my next drinking episode. Things like: "maybe when I go on vacation I can have some wine - and then I'll stop when I return home." Or "maybe when I go to that conference I can have some drinks and when I arrive home I'll be back to 'normal.'" Plan plan plan. That's what makes me realize this is the little monster trying to sabotage what I have started. I could easily be saying "at my one year mark..." So I have been trying to deal with this monster. It really helps me when I keep in touch with SD and other supports to ground myself in today. And today I will not drink. Congrats on your 309 - one day at a time.
One day at a time worked for me at this stage especially. I'd stop overthinking and stay in today. 
Your last sentence sort of answers your own question right? Plotting your next drink even after 365 days sober is not a normal relationship with alcohol...
How has 10 months sober been compared to last year? Have you noticed any big changes?
Can you remember why you quit in the first place?
this is your inner alcoholic weasel brain speaking...There is nothing to figure out.  Why the fuck would you want to do that?..All you gotta do is remember what got you here.  Take a look at the things you would not have if you were drinking. Is your rent paid up?  Does your boss still give you 'the look' and maybe get in close to smell if you have been drinking?  Hell does your room have a steel door and bars?..Self Selection - that's what this place is all about.  People who can drink successfully do not come here - let alone stay for 309 days. (big congrats BTW) - ..One last thing - after a year recovery transitions still further into leading a more successful satisfied happy life - that can take time especially if you were as emotionally crippled conditioned to drop heavy objects on your feet as I was but it will happen but not if we drink...
Are you sure you would be back to this sub if you didn't have even the slightest doubt that it could be a wrong move? 
This reminds me of a passage from a book I'm reading - a significant chunk of it is about addiction and the flawed reasoning that supports it. It's a whole chapter of this guy lying on the floor planning out how for the umpteenth time he's going to buy boatload of drugs and abuse them so hard that he never wants to do drugs again...&gt; He would use discipline and persistence and will and make the whole experience so unpleasant so debased and debauched and unpleasant that his behavior would henceforward be modified he'd never even want to do it again because the memory of the insane four days to come would be so firmly terribly emblazoned in his memory. He'd cure himself by excess...But it's the umpteenth time. He's not cured he's done all this before so many times that he can't even remember how many times it's been. It doesn't work. It's a loop a pattern. It happens over and over again. You can see it happening right here in this sub too - people diving back in to try moderation and next thing you know they're back in the throes of daily drinking and behavior they're disappointed with...It's totally your call - but after looking at the evidence and seeing the pattern play out so many times it seems clear where it will lead for me too and that really helps me stay focused and determined. Good luck whatever you decide to do!
Lol! "Normal" people plan their drinking several weeks in advance!.I have thought of this myself. I have actually told people I was taking a year off drinking. i hope we both make the rght decision when the time comes.
Fortunately for me I had gotten very good at quitting tobacco having done it several times that I knew that the "once I break the habit I will be able to smoke (drink) only the few that I really enjoy" was never going to work for me.  The way I see it now is that if I cannot resist  drink #1 the one that I take when I am cold sober how can I reasonably expect my alcoholic brain to stop between #2 and #3 #3 and #4 or at all until the bottle is done? When I finally quit smoking for good I stubbed out a cigarette at  10 PM in the middle of a pack in the middle of a carton and said aloud "That's the last cigarette I will ever smoke.".Quitting booze was harder I never said that I will never drink again that still is too big a bite to swallow even after all these years but I do know that I am powerless over alcohol. I didn't drink yesterday I won't drink today and I have no plans to drink tomorrow. 
I tried moderation I tried vacation drinking - I tried tried and tried to keep drinking in my life.  Unfortunately for me this always ended in disaster.  I could sometimes moderate for a few days - even a month once - then I would be right back where I started - only worse because in the process of attempting moderation I destroyed my support system and disappointed my family and friends.
all the blahblah bottom line don't do that 
1 year was my biggest period of temptation since the early days. All rational logic went out the window because hey the earth had made a full rotation around the sun since I made a healthy positive decision LETS ABANDON ALL OF THAT...I made an effort to regularly remind myself of all the good things that had happened in my life as a result of not drinking and it definitely helped put those stupid temptations to rest.
&gt;"Normal" people plan their drinking several weeks in advance right? ..Right!  In the same I planned my daily drinking every day and spent more time managing when I could drink than doing other things I should have more appropriately been doing.  All you can do *if you choose to* on day 367 (it is Leap Year remember) is make the Daily Pledge to yourself and let that day take care of itself.  ..While making a commitment to my 30-day pledge in October which I did for multiple reasons not just drinking I immediately started drinking again and the management of alcohol in my days went right back into ON mode. I realize how much I hate that hypervigilence -- it's such a waste of my time and energy.  My daily pledge circumvents it because I've decided I'm not going to manage my consumption; I'm simply not going to consume...Congrats on 10 months -- blessings on your journey.
When those kinds of thoughts got strong I set some mid-range goals that were contingent on remaining sober. Like you I was pretty sure I could make 365 days. So I made plans that ended up carrying me another 4 months or so past the big 1 Year milestone.
My ultimate test was this scenario: Let say I ever win big time at the lottery (like this mammoth Billion prize recently). I drink or I don't ? I could not answer that question for a few years (and luckily I did not win the jack pot either!). Anyway here I was in a trip in Southern France and the idea of a glass of ros  crossed my mind. Not a craving or a temptation. Just the idea of a glass. The flash I got back from my brain was immediate: there is not enough wine in the French Riviera to quench the thirst that would follow. And furthermore alcohol would freeze me to death like it did before which means that no matter how much money I had I would end up miserable. I had my answer.
Unfortunately the moderation beast bit my head off. I ended up with a worse problem than before. The best thing to do for me if I can re-tame the beast is to stop and never start again. 
I read somewhere that during the first year one should focus only on not drinking. Not until the second year should one focus on unresolved personal problems. In the third year one can focus on personal development and self-realization. I find this kind of depressing because a year is a long time. But I've already relapsed twice both times around the 6 month mark. 
When I read the stories of relapses that start at 364 days it terrified me too then I just decided to continue healing.
I felt that way my first year sober. The thing for me was my ego I somehow thought after a year of not drinking that I was immune. I didn't realize until a few years later how hard it was to sober up but thankfully this time around I see the blessings that have come from not drinking. It's been really tough for me to get to 22 months I just had to grit my teeth and hang on one day at a time a lot of times but here I am today. the difference in me is that today I realize that drinking won't make anything better or make me enjoy things more. It's easier though to stay away from alcohol completely than it is to get sober after picking up where I left off. Good on you for recognizing the signs before they start building up. Thank you for reminding me what it was like I forget sometimes. I'm not thinking of drinking but I still have to stay vigilant and keep on doing what I do to keep myself sober. Peace and good vibes to you.
I started drinking right before I was to have a year of sobriety. I think part of why I did it was because if I had a year then the commitment to be sober for the rest of my life was real and it was very daunting. Self-sabotage. ..My relapse was short but I learned that alcohol and drugs do not make me happier. They just allow me to feel numb for a couple of hours. I came very close to losing my SO my living situation and friends because of my lying and deceiving. ..I know now that I can only function in recovery one day at a time.
Ask yourself why you want to start back up? I don't like to say this because I don't want to mess with people minds but I got sober for the first time when I was really young. I went out again and honestly the work I'd done on myself helped a lot. I don't regret starting back up but I ended up stopping again. I had fun when I was young drinking for a bit longer but I've gotten older and its still kinda fun but not as much as its scary and unhealthy and hard to control. If you do try it again how will you know if you need to stop? If you do try it again will you have the willpower to get sober again if you need to?
For me it's all or nothing. I have figured out through a few relapses over the years I am not a moderate drinker any more. And when I drink it usually leads to mixing alcohol/meds. Since I don't drink at all not even the communion at mass I don't get the triggers for harder things. Been a pleasant 40 days without alcohol pills etc. Moving forward day by day. Hope you do too. Be well and we are here for you.
I'm not nearly as far along as you are but had I not "planned" for a night out 18 days ago and allotted myself a weekend out because of a party I'd be a month sober and not picking up pieces from a night I expected out with no repercussions. the "day at a time" thinking is probably the most I could suggest realize that while a year is a benchmark it doesn't mean "the end" of anything it is another day of continued vigilance. Congrat's on your success so far though regardless I hope to match in 294 days lol
I've 'day dreamed' of my next drink a few times. .My drink of choice is Beer. .Funny how in my 'day dream' my 'next drink' is always a 750ml bottle of Vodka. . ..I know I can't have just one. And when I think about how terrible I'd feel after that bottle of Vodka . . . ...It's fleeting. It goes away. ..I really don't know if I'll ever drink again. But I know it won't be today. That's as far as I care to think about it right now. .
I think about this too. :/ 
Each day is a new one. I won't consider my actions at day 600 any less seriously than I would now or even day 10.  Sober me is a better me and it's a daily progress. 
I've quit nicotine and I've quit alcohol. Believe me when it comes to drugs and addiction...they are both impatient and patient. They will wait a whole year no problem if they have to. Before I got to 1 year mark with alcohol I committed to another whole year of not drinking. I did this because when I quit smoking/chewing tobacco I would quit for 1 year at a time and then start right back up. Since then I am 16 years off of nicotine and I will never use nicotine ever again. Same with alcohol. For me I had to be firm and committed because I never wanted to be that person I was when I was drinking. Never again. 
The power of NOW!!!  Stay present  and handle it one day at a time...
Im worried about this myself. Im a year sober today! I have frequently said throughout this year that "I'm going to give myself a year break then re-assess how I feel about not drinking". I realise now I said this so I had an 'out'. But the reality for me now is I know it will be a mistake for me to think I can go back to moderate drinking. I believe I will be able to do it for a while but it will only be a matter of time before I drink to blackout and make a complete c@#t of myself. ..So now my year is up my decision to remain sober is still firmly planted on my shoulders. Ive started seeing a psychiatrist and I have been discussing this feeling of 'maybe I can drink again' with him. I have so much other crap I need to deal with I think I will be throwing away so much hard work and this is what stops me from drinking.  
