-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44b2nz/went_to_pizza_last_night/

This place we went to has the best pizza and beer. Nothing like an 8.8 IPA or three to wash down a few slices. I even smelled the beer as I walked by the bar on the way to our table. ..I did not drink. Luckily it wasn't even a struggle. I haven't been in too many situations with alcohol in the past 38 days so it was nice to see that I'm in a good place right now. I know it would have been followed by more beer at home afterwards. I woke up this morning with no hangover or bloating feeling. Feels great.
----------immediate responses--------

That is so me. I could probably have just one good craft beer at the pizza place and savor it and enjoy it. It's the 8 beers I'd buy at the gas station on the way home that I would drink and then possibly the few beers more that I'd drive drunk to the store to get afterward that brought me here. ..Man do I love a good pizza place though; thin-crust and crispy is my thang!
Congratulations!  :) isn't waking up sober *so* much better than a few beers?
Did the same thing a coupla days ago.  Got a sparkle water with lemons and didn't miss it at all!  Wasn't as full (that damn beer always filling me up) so was able to eat more pizza.  Win/win.     
The 9% Pure Hoppiness at Pizza Port in San Diego used to be a long lost friend. Walked in 8 years later and today it's all about the pie!! I'm sure that 9%IPA still washes down way to smooth but so does clarity focus and a modicum of self respect. 
IPA's were my drink of choice because of their high alcohol content.  I would mask my obsession by telling people I was a beer snob or a connoisseur lol.  Really I just wanted to drink as few beers as I could to get good and drunk.  I remember once getting so drunk and eating a whole pizza.  I did not feel so good at 1am. 
[deleted]
Love the comment about being a beer snob and the IPA (Double IPA for me please) to get drunk faster.  Hey I only had four beers I'm not an alcoholic...haha.  The lies we tell ourselves.  
