-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44bbv4/going_good_but_expecting_cravings_this_weekend/

Due to my decisions during my addiction and a vindictive wife I haven't been able to see my children since before thanksgiving.  My last relapse was during Christmas and I know the trigger was the fact that I couldn't be with them...I made it through my daughter's first birthday and my oldest son's fifth birthday in January without drinking.  This weekend though my cousin(who I'm living with) Will have his children in the house.  All three are similar in age as my kids.  I am concerned that having them around will bring my depression back and weaken my resolve.  ..Not sure why I'm posting.  I guess looking for some support and using this to help keep me honest.  Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

If this were me in early sobriety and I knew that the next few days were going to put me in a position of cravings I would do everything in my power to remove myself from these situations.  In my experiences not doing so doesn't make any sense...Good luck to you this weekend and moving forward.
If you have an understanding cuz talk to them and find a way to just not be there be kind to yourself the goal today and every day is to go to bed sober. If you have any thoughts of "what will they think if I no show?" Snap that record in half you have no control over the thoughts of others and if that detracts from getting to that pillow sober it's clearly a record that's got to go. ..As an act of self compassion' be kind to yourself. 
Kudos for staying sober during some painful times. I'm sorry. However nothing is so bad that drinking won't make it worse. You may feel sad lost and overwhelmed but drinking isn't going to get you any closer to your children rather the opposite. I know that's not news to you. ..Weekends were difficult for me in early sobriety. AA meetings filled empty hours salved loneliness and strengthened my resolve. Being in a room with like-minded people is comforting and encouraging. ..Thanks for posting. Stay close.
