-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44go9t/first_time_in_a_while_i_feel_like_im_actually/

After suffering a discouraging relapse it's taken me a while to get back to where I was before. I think this week I finally feel like my recovery is back on track. I feel like my old self and this is encouraging for two reasons: 1) I'm continuing to improve even though I slipped up. 2) My "old self" or how I feel I "should" be is a sober /u/greatmainewoods...Things I did this week that "out of recovery" self DOES NOT DO...1) Watch what I eat. I'm just making a conscientious effort to eat a balanced diet. This has been a slow battle but this week I finally ate well consistently for 7 days in a row. I give myself chances to eat comfort foods but this is planned and worked into my healthy diet not an impulsive pizza-purchase...2) Convinced a friend to do a 5k training program with me. Horray for fitness AND social activities.  I always have done my best to avoid drinking social activities but this usually has resulted in me just not having any social activities at all (which is depressing)...3) Not binge on netflix or videogames. I have an addictive personality and games tv food alcohol etc. etc. are a constant temptation. Just having some control over these things for a long period of time takes true effort but I actually feel like I'm not on human autopilot going from one impulse to the next...4) Not procrastinate at work and home. Procrastinating is addictive too. I'm trying to do things as they come up: schedule car maintenance clean the kitchen submit a project summary at the office etc. etc. Waiting until the last minute leads unnecessary stress and this leads to impulsive behavior and impulsive behavior leads to the dark side...I am taking it one day at a time and it took me a few months to dig myself out of the hole. I didn't make all these changes this week but I do feel like I did pre-relapse which is what I've had a lot of trouble finding. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good plan!  Do you have some regular fellowship or meetings included?  Always helps me.
I am happy you are back. Addictive personality is rough I feel you. I am here with you trying not to procrastinate and binge on tv. Trying to be productive and aware. I am proud of you and all your hard work. Thanks for sharing this post it is reflective for me on what I need to focus on and knowing you are doing it too is very encouraging. :)
Wow - procrastinating is addictive too. Never heard of that or thought of it that way. Thanks.
Congrats on feeling back on track!!
It's great to see "a sober /u/greatmainewoods" again!..Check out some trail running groups or races in your area. You might find a good fit there with your growing running fitness.
