-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44jc2r/social_anxiety_in_sobriety/

I have only been sober for 10 days. I went to a parade downtown tonight and all the people made me feel alone in the world. I feel like when I drink I am the life of the party and could strike up a conversation with anyone. When sober im constantly wondering what people think of me. The park was serving Alcohol and it Stunk like liquors everyone smelled so Strong of Alcohol!!!..I kept thinking I would have more fun if I was drinking. In reality I would be blacked out by now and doing things I regret. Will i always have this fantasy of being able to drink? ..I am a compulsive relapser and almost 2 months ago I lost my job. Still trying to find a job and struggling to find one in time to keep my apartment. So even if I wanted to go drink I have no money or friends Never thought I would be so thankful to be this broke its keeping me sober in times of negative thinking....thanks for letting me vent SD!!
----------immediate responses--------

It's probably a good idea to try to avoid places like that in the beginning.. That sounds like a very hard environment for us newly sober!
I've come to value the fact that I'm an introvert. We're worth getting to know! I know alcohol is used by many as a "social lubricant" and I certainly miss the false courage and extroversion that it gave me sometimes. But to be honest I'm happier at home with a good book and my dogs. You could try meetings if you are feeling lonely AA and other groups are a great source of support. .
I don't fantasize hardly at all at this point.  I had a trigger recently but it passed very quickly.  I also don't care what people think of me anymore.  If I care what people think about me then I must not not know me very well.  If someone called me stupid I wouldn't care because I know I'm not stupid.  That person who is judging me has a problem not me.    Changing how I have fun has been key to my recovery.  It's early for you and that is the hardest time.  Wish you luck.
I had to dig way down deep inside of me to get sober and remain sober for over 8 years. I never wanted to be that close to death again..There's something about hitting an alcoholic bottom that makes it easier to stop. Some of your wording is troublesome. Like if you had money you would drink ?If being broke is keeping you sober then what happens when you get money ? Wanting to get sober should be from way down deep inside of the personand have nothing to do with funds available .  You said yourself you're a compulsive relapser ---so was I . I didn't  want the label "alcoholic"..I kept trying to prove I wasn't one.  I finally succumbed to the label--- "alcoholic".. and quit playing games with myself.
I was in your same boat jobless and tried to quit drinking many times as well and was always jealous of others or hated going out and being around booze. But this time around I found a reason to wake up the next day. I had goals and wanted to accomplish them and realized I couldn't go on like I was before. I did some soul searching and got my mind right and stuck to it. It's a lot easier this time around and can easily turn down a drink without that feeling of what others will think of me like you said. The people who "judge" you probably aren't people you want to be around anyway. If anything they should be happy for you. We all are here at SD. ..Set a goal to go sober for a month and then re-evaluate how you feel. The thought of quiting forever scared me at first. Then the 30 days past and I'm shooting for 90 days now. After a month Im much healthier thanks to food exercise and supplements. I just landed a new job and think it would be crazy to pick up a drink at this point with the success I have had in a single month...If I can do it you can as well my friend. Stay strong. Things will turn around for you!
I recently read something that has helped me feel less socially anxious - it's that when you go into any social situation you mentally say to yourself that it's going to go really well or be really funny...Once I've framed a situation like that in my mind I feel less anxious about it and it seems to 90% of the time go well...One other thing I've noticed is that if I'm tired I'm really not good at socialising which makes me anxious. Before I would mask that by getting plastered. These days I only socialise if I'm feeling well rested and actually up for it!..Hope this helps - hang in there!
I am only 36 days sober and there have been some times when I have felt alone and insecure.  But I get back to basics - come home do what I like doing leave the crowd behind ... and I get back to feeling contented.  ..I think drinking helped me to override what I was really feeling inside when the feelings were negative.  But I can stand up to the plate now and just say it was only a feeling.  Back to SD ......Congratulations on 9 days!
[deleted]
I understand exactly what you are saying. One of my big reasons for drinking was "I'm more fun drunk." I was told by a very smart person a while ago that being fun outgoing and conversational isn't the alcohol it is actually you. You can do it with or without the alcohol. Don't use it as a crutch. You are that same person; the alcohol doesn't give you a personality. That great personality is there all the time. 
Good job staying sober! I suffered from social anxiety before alcohol and I used alcohol to get over that and become more socially successful. It worked for a time. Then as the years passed I slowly began to drown in anxiety as my addiction to alcohol (unbeknownst to me) had started to exacerbate that underlying issue. ..I feel less anxious with every blessed day that separates me-now from me-drinking. You're still in a really tender stage your body is just beginning to heal. With time and distance from alcohol your brain will start repairing itself. Social situations get so much easier and if you're like me you may find that the sober version of yourself is actually (surprise!) the better version that people like more anyway.
In no way was that venting its legit. That said Dry people dry places. As a 2+ bottle of wine/night drinker I know that my boss must have known I was drinking hard. Never buzzed at work but definitely hung over some mornings (at varying levels) and the "bar burn" and eyes probably were giveaways. Good luck in the job search. Though you may not feel fun the clarity will replace those feelings and the fun will be in all the new things you are able to see feel and do sober. One day at a time.
I found that over time I could walk into a crowded room with my head held high BECAUSE of my sobriety. Knowing that I had overcome some terrible times gave me confidence not just in life overall but in those particular social settings. 
Sobriety gives you great control because there is consistency in your mental state. So now I'm very practiced in feeling anxious and facing that fact without alcohol. Turns out the more you practice the better you get and anxiety being one of those snowball effect things once I got a hold of it it mostly stayed down for good. Even when I have it it's easy to ignore and continue on...While drinking I was rolling from one hangover induced panic attack to the other. ..Be patient in time you'll have practiced as well. 
It took me about 6-9 months to get used to being in social situations without drinking.  It's been 20 months now and it still feels a bit awkward ordering club sodas all night but the rest of it is fine.  I drink a ton of Pelligrino/club soda now and I'm not loud and crazy but I also wake up with a clear head instead of a pounding headache nausea anxiety and a lot of guilt.  ..TLDR; it gets easier...
I was the life of the party when I wasn't internalizing a bunch of anger. Also the hangover was not being the life of any party I was aware of. I quit drinking a couple times for about 2 years. I am on my second go around and near 2 years. ..Having said all of that I can say I drank BECAUSE it made me feel liked. But to be fair I have come to realize I am liked. Accepting that as a sober guy is really difficult. I over analyze my thoughts and conversations now. But therapy has helped me get back to the foundation of that insecurity. I am outgoing but self-critical to some Nth degree. I want to relieve myself of a lot of that and my hope for you is that you stay on the path and weather all of the joblessness and pain that you will likely face. I have hopes for you but staying sober might be the one thing you can control right now. Good luck. Seriously keep coming here and find good people to be around. 
