-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44lw3r/sad_superbowl_sunday/

I relapsed Monday after my mom's terminal diagnosis became official. I just wanted to escape. What ended up happening is that I felt worse. I woke up in the night sweating and crying and having anxiety. Hardly a reprieve. She is in the hospital right now and seeing her in pain is so hard. But I won't drink.
----------immediate responses--------

I can't imagine the pain you're feeling. Big step is sharing with us.
Sending prayers and good wishes to you and your Mom.  
I am so sorry.
First thing is first give yourself some of the loving forgiveness you'd give to a friend in your situation. Your relapse showed you just how much drinking didn't help you feel any better at all so give yourself a hug and go be with your mom if you can. Yeah it sucks what happened and what choice you made but you're alive today and so is. your mom and just take each day as seriously as they are especially right now while she's still with you. Much love and hugs and love. I can't imagine how rough it must feel but you can do it. 
Deepest sympathy. We are here  for you.
Its not a relapse give yourself the credit you deserve. Its a set back. A relapse would be a multi day or week binge 
One day at a time friend. You have my deepest sympathies you can do this. 
I am sorry about your Mom's terminal diagnosis having walked in those moccasins once myself...However I want to strongly suggest that were it me I would Right Now make a plan on whom to turn to where to turn to when the next bump in this challenging road hits you..Since you are so newly sober as soon as you learned Mom was officially terminal you turned to drink. I feel you would benefit from making a plan to change your immediate reaction or it may happen again..A near and dear friend an AA meeting a counselor would be beneficial I think. This is what I would do...Because you don't wanna you Really don't wanna go through this ordeal with Mom drunk. In my opinion you need more to lean on than simply SD..That is my personal opinion and suggestion. 
I'm so sorry. There's so much for you to deal with right now. You're vulnerable and in really hard situation take care. We are here for you.
Thank you for sharing. You didn't relapse you dealt with pain in a way you knew. And now you know it doesn't help you any longer. ..You learned and that's what's important...One day at a time.
