-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44m4tc/i_cant_believe_it_my_father_has_not_had_a_drink/

I've been sober for over 1000 days and it's still surreal to think that. ..However what I didn't realize was how others would be inspired by it. ..This New Years my friend confessed to me that my non-drinking helped him realized how much he was drinking. And also he has not quit altogether it made it realize that life does not involve around drinking and he has significantly toned back...My biggest surprise came from my father this year who struggled for years with alcoholism. He called me up during New Years as well and said it was the first time in a long time that he was sober during the holiday. ..Today marks his ninety day sobriety and I sent him a medallion. He said he is putting it in his wallet as a reminder. ..It's great when you stop drinking for yourself but it's a whole new experience when you stop drinking for others. I think people are realizing that there are non-drinkers out there who are not weird and can have fulfilling lives. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is wonderful. I want nothing more than for my family and friends to be proud of me. To think one's behavior can inspire others is a great thought.
This is wonderful! Congratulations. You must be so happy right now!
Breaking the family tradition is an awesome thing 
Awesome! I've noticed that my friends and family think about their own habits after spending time with me too! My mom no longer drinks on weekdays as a consequence of a very brief basic chat we had where all I really said was that I just feel *better* now that I don't drink. ..I never preach or sermonize or even bring it up to the people in my life unless it comes up naturally but I've noticed that several times after just small casual conversations about it others have put some thought into their drinking and changed habits as a result. It's been great to be an example of something *good* instead of the drunkest person at the party.
Great job!  I often think about setting a good example for my kids but setting a good example for adults and seeing results takes it to a new level.  Nice post.  Thank you.
Fantastic! My sobriety had the same effect on my younger brother who was going down the same path that I had been on. He is 8 months sober now! One person leading by example can change people!
