-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44pjht/seeking_some_help_not_sure_if_this_is_the_correct/

So ill begin by saying that I never admitted I had a drinking problem. I don't really like alcohol and especially the person I become while under the influence of alcohol.. so I really only drink about once a month if even. But here lies the problem when I do drink I have no idea how to stop and last night was an eye opener for me. ...So last night I had a few too many in preparation for mardi gras....wayyyy to many (just beers I only drink beer because that was my initial solution thinking my stomach would fill much quicker and leave me much less drunk) So I woke up at my dads apartment and he explained to me what happened last night. ....I was found passed out on the trolley and thank the lord 2 ladies (GUARDIAN ANGELS) found me while a lot of others were apparently videotaping me and laughing etc. I began to spew all over the train as they helped me and thankfully there was a stop right near a hospital and they literally carried me there where a homeless gentleman gave me the shirt off his back because mine was covered in barf. When my dad got to me I was in the hospital with an IV in my arm and with suction pads on. My mom who lives across the country was contacted and I know this broke her heart as it isn't the first dumb thing I have done but definitely the worst. I talked to her today and she believes I was roofied (apparently I told her this over the phone when the 2 angels were saving me) This isn't out of the realm of possibilities but unlikely in my eyes. ..What I am here seeking help for is one have any of you ever been in a similar situation in terms of limiting your drinks or at all. I am struggling with explaining this to my mother and trying to just not hurt her although I know I already have and want that to stop. Any advice is good advice and would be much appreciated. Thank you so much 
----------immediate responses--------

I think you are in the right place. This is a good place to start but I'd also suggest professional help such as a therapist or some type of recovery program. ..I grew up in New Orleans and for me it is the belly of the beast. However I also have several close friends and family members who go to AA there so I know that there is a recovery community (they have Refuge Recovery there as well) and it is possible to be sober there. Something worse could've happened to you so I feel like you were lucky. Wishing you the best!
If you feel it's a problem it's a problem. Although you don't drink often in my experience the inability to stop once started is a sign that you loose the ability to make the decisions you would sober once impaired which is what being impaired is. The level to which you lose that ability is the problem I'm sure you're worried about and refraining from drinking at all is an option I would consider. 
I can relate to you in the sense that I too have a problem with the times I drink not a problem with drinking all the time. I can also relate to that when I drink I just don't know when to stop and things end badly. I got what a lot of people would call wake up calls but I never took them...This can be a great place for you to start because what has helped me here is realizing that there are many people in situations very similar to me. It feels a little better to know you're not alone. I've had the waking up to parents in the hospital thing happen to me twice and it is indeed awful...Limiting your drinking might work but it didn't work for me at all. Things always start off good at first but it always opens the door up for that one night of getting smashed where I fuck my life up. One of my stints of moderation ended with me getting jumped and breaking my nose. The next I crashed my car. Not saying it couldn't work for you but my results were very poor...Whatever you do just think of the direction you would like to send your life and how you best might be able to do that. 
&gt; But here lies the problem when I do drink I have no idea how to stop and last night was an eye opener for me...That is exactly what I experienced. I didn't drink all day every day but when I did I couldn't stop...I tried every method of limiting my intake - restricting myself to a certain number a certain type of drink drinking only in certain situations you name it. The only thing that worked for me is abstaining entirely.
My drinking is like that in that once I start the roller coaster starts and I'm just along for the ride. Having lived in NOLA been to my first AA meeting there and having been drugged by some people there and left wandering around the French quarter until a guardian angel also saved me I can relate to a lot of what you're saying. ..An important note for me to take from specifically my experience being drugged was that even though I may not have inserted said drugs in my mouth by choice knowingly I did put myself in a situation where I was alone with randos on a fucking Monday who were also driving around drunk that I had met at a concert... I had to take ownership that my drinking and my idiotically impaired judgement put me in that and other dangerous situations where a host of bad shit could very easily happen and I was very lucky. ..Though this wasn't the impetus for me to stop drinking I wish it had been... I'd have saved myself some trouble and embarrassment. Sigh. Anyway what I'm getting at is one should look at their habits and relationship with alcohol holistically as opposed to isolated incidents. If a pattern of bad drinking habits and behaviors is happening I'd hedge my bets on having a problem. ..On a brighter note since I've gotten sober things have been kick ass! And waking up hangover free these past months has been fucking amazing. Also in New Orleans it's called a streetcar not a trolley sorry weird local neurotic thing haha.
Look at this as the proverbial Blessing in Disguise. The fact that your has/had a problem should be a clue that genetically you may have lost the sperm lotto and have little or no control over how you relate to alcohol. Sooooooo!  Don't play with fire. A good place to start would be talking with your father and going from there. This site is wonderful and so is AA but ultimately its up to you. Good luck. You can do it 
