-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44r072/struggling_lately/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

There are some posts that make me want to reach through my computer and hug someone - this is one of those posts.  I'm sorry to hear you're struggling.  We both know reaching for a drink won't really help but stay sober alone isn't always the be-all-end-all.  There are still hard times. I hope things get better and I hope truly your health issues stay at least "okay."  How old are the kiddos?  I have a teen and have been struggling with my expectations for her (leads to clashes and my anger)...oddly meditation has helped me a ton. I can let things be and focus on only what's really important. I can listen more and communicate better with her...Anyway hang in there. I'm still a newbie (this time around) - I guess it's good to know that the struggle can pop up anytime... Hope some dinos have more support for ya.
I'm so sorry you're struggling. Are you seeing someone? Therapist? I would recommend it as it has helped me...Best of luck!!
Your struggle is palpable. Do you have a therapist? It was wonderful to have someone to talk with; my counselor helped me solve dilemma's similar to yours and talking gave me insight and perspective.
I have found that early sobriety was much easier for me to deal with. I could just follow the directions given to me. Now that I have a few more days under my belt I become complacent with where I am at in sobriety. I have also noticed that I need to grow in sobriety else I begin to retreat from participating in my sobriety. "Good is the enemy of better" 
Damn life keeps happening regardless. ..Medical professionals use the term "curbside consult" in ophthalmology this happens most often when a patients relative is in the room and presents with a problem that needs to be addressed but is not the patient dejour so it's quick advice doled out to be addressed later. ..From my curb you sound exhausted. Self care is critical and many times comes in the form of an hour long massage. For me-after said massage-my place of zen is the kitchen so before I go to my massage I figure out what's on the menu make a list shop in a really relaxed state cook then enjoy then sleep = a very happy Sarah...If you have the number of a therapist you have used in the past that you connected with....connect again. Whatever "it" is for you DO IT! ..If you are a DiNO did you notice the Buddha quote post? It's about letting love be your motivation if there is one thing I have learned in the last 2.5 years is that the most important love starts with the love you have for yourself. So hop to it go get in love with your fabulous self.
You are so lucky to have children and a job and paying the bills and no major health issue and 18 years sober...Great job! Hope you feel better soon.
I hear you. In the end it always comes down to us: accepting health issues dealing with others going by. With alcohol there was an oasis where I had full control -- or so I thought. It was not real but it was mine. Sometimes I miss it. A bit. Two things can help me: my buddies from AA or an indecent serving of  Breyers' Chocolate Ice cream with an old movie on cable TV (something like a Colombo). Then after a good night of sleep I'm good to go. Good luck.
Not sure of the age of your children but perhaps you can have a chat with them and explain what you're feeling and see if you can all get on the same page.  I know with my parents it really helped me out when we all got together just to address how we were feeling without being in the middle of an activity.  This takes the pressure off of everyone as the only thing you have to do is have a few words with your family so that everyone can try to resolve any issues.  Kids might also have issues that may not be realized.....
 I would echo what others have said about getting help.  In sobriety I have needed something extra during difficult times.  Most of us have found help in getting sober then we sometimes forget how to ask again. 
I feel like that sometimes with my kids and then I remind myself it isn't all the time it's just over some hot button issues with me like homework...But even though life might be a drag at times it won't get better or go away by drinking.
Good for you for reaching out instead making the alternative decision. I don't know about you but one of the most horrifying things to me about my addiction is that it speaks to me in my own voice. Promising me a good time and that things will be different this time. That voice is a cunning little bastard who thankfully hasn't spoken to me too loudly in some time now. Long enough that I can't express my gratitude loudly enough for you having shared this. It is a reminder that it isn't always smooth sailing no matter how long it's been since the last drink...I'm also just grateful that you're here. Life can be unreasonably difficult sometimes and showing up for it can feel like a chore. You though you're here doing the right thing by reaching out. Doing the right thing for yourself and your family by fighting through this struggle...There is a little promise that I make everyday that I wake up (I imagine that you do as well) and it is my reminder that "There is no problem that I cannot make worse by drinking." So no matter what shit comes my way for today I'll abstain. It looks like you'll be joining me (and the rest of us) in that...Eighteen years is nothing short of inspirational and seeing that length of time next to your name really makes me feel like maybe I can do it too! ..And since I haven't had the pleasure of making your acquaintance until now my name is Jacob and I'm an alcoholic.
