-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44r0qe/today_i_really_miss_it/

I've always worked around alcohol and even before I was a complete drunk I had a keen interest in learning everything possible about beer wine and liquor. My entire professional life and passions have revolved around alcohol up until now. I don't want to break my sobriety nor do I really want to be drunk or deal with the aftermath but I find myself missing drinking. I am mourning the loss of something that was so dear to me something I cared about learned about fussed over snobbed about... ..I am struggling to find something to replace the intellectual obsession that keeps me attached to the idea of booze. I am not sure what will come next but I am actively seeking it. 
----------immediate responses--------

The grieving process when we stop drinking is real even though it isn't talked about very much. The end of my drinking the loss of alcohol felt like a love affair gone bad so I empathize with you. And your loss is on more levels than mine was. You have the ability to be passionate about something and if you keep an open mind as your sober life unfolds I am sure you will find another interest which grabs your attention. However it will never be quite the same. Accepting that painful fact is necessary to move forward. Thank you for the post. You are on the way.
Alcohol was such a huge part of my life for good and for bad (mostly bad); it stands to reason I would miss it. Sometimes I think that I would like to sit in the sunshine in the Napa Valley (I live in Northern California) and just relax and enjoy a glass of very good wine. Then I realize I was never doing this when I was drinking; I was just gulping the wine not even really enjoying it because I was so busy thinking about the next drink. Not allowing myself to romanticize my drinking helps me not to miss it too much.
oh man it's an illusion i tell you it's all a lie...i'm sorry that you're down and thinking about the romance of booze. we all do that at points in our sobriety..but remember the good things that come with being sober how good you feel the money you'll save the time you'll make the most of. ..
I replaced those feelings with the guitar can never stop getting better or learning new things with it.  Plus it doesn't give me a hangover.
Alcohol is a drug that destroys brain cells: http://www.eastwoodcompanies.com/thumbnail/general1_1341952841_317_.jpg..Sorry to have to say this but 'specialising' in alcoholic drinks is part of the deception and the lies. Alcohol is disgusting but it is programmed into us by social norms that it's ok it's normal. We have all been trapped by this pre-conceptions due to the inherent problems with the human psyche. Our conscious mind has led us astray because it thinks it knows best it's become an overwhelming Ego that needs to be put back in it's place to give us the ability to reprogram our subconscious. 
Hey I can relate to you!  I have been in the wine industry loved craft beers and learning. Worked at a premium winery in northern Cali. (Sonoma County).  But I was lying to myself and was just getting really over the alcohol industry.  My relationship fell apart partly due to drinking and I found myself without a job and a girlfriend.  But hey  I have gotten rid of a crutch and a financial drain on my life and am determined to make a life outside of that poison.  I miss it. I miss opening a nice bottle of wine or having a nice beer but it usually led to problems and I would dabble more and more in whiskey and that never ended good. So I'm practicing yoga and reading with a clearer mind than I have had in a while.  Really getting to learn who I am all over again.  14 days today!
This past weekend I really missed drinking.  I love micro-brews and drinking with my friends.  Now I feel awkward and out of place when I hang with my friends because they all are drinking.  I'm recently single and that sucks not drinking as well.  I'm right there with you man hopefully we are strong enough to push forward.  
176 days here as well...I miss weekend benders.  I miss waking up in the middle of the night for a drink so I can get back to sleep...Who misses that sort of life?  An alcoholic...I'm so happy to be sober today!
The seductive aspects of alcohol can be transferred to another area of high sensation such as cooking.  Complex interesting and you can EAT the results.  As a chemist who used to make my own wine I've taken up a hobby of duplicating recipes that I enjoy from restaurants.  It's fun!  No alcohol but (often) many calories so I share with friends.  Good luck to you!
Alcohol being a mind altering substance is why I drank. I miss that feeling to this day.
Thanks for posting this. I feel this way too I'm just trying to shut that part of my brain down so that I don't pay too much attention to the feelings of loss and sadness. Fortunately I do have a lot of other hobbies and my sobriety is still new enough to me that I can remind myself of how truly miserable I was when I was drinking and how for me there's almost no space between "enjoying a nice couple of microbrews at a brewery tasting room" and "drinking cheap white wine alone at home until I vomit." My therapist is pretty good at helping me stop romanticizing my relationship with alcohol reminding me of what really happened whenever I only remember the good parts. But yes it's a loss. I'm sure you'll find something else to be passionately knowledgeable about. ..In the meantime internet hugs to you (if you're the hugging type that is). :-P
I can relate I felt like I had lost my best friend when I first quit. For me it's time that's the key. I'm still in the process of forming new habits and interests. Stay strong I'm fighting the fight along with you!
I've been doing pretty good in my early sobriety with not thinking about alcohol and not missing it. But I have to admit that last night was difficult. I watched the Super Bowl with a couple of friends. One of them brought over some homebrew a stout my former favorite drink. It was easy to say no because I'm on a creative and productive warpath and I know that drinking will hinder that. The cravings were certainly there though...But as I look back at last night remaining sober from the vantage of this hangover-free morning I can plainly see that drinking even a single beer last night would have done nothing for me. It wouldn't have made my night any better. It was a fine night. I drove home safely. I woke up ready to work...Noticing the cravings is enough to keep me from drinking because I feel like if I am craving it then that's a great reason not to indulge. If I'm craving something then it's obviously a problem. Desire leads to suffering and all that...I'd rather spend some time twiddling my thumbs trying to figure out what to do with myself than succumb to that craving and the subsequent suffering.
I know how you feel man.    ...But it will pass. 
I don't think we'll ever truly get over the obsession unfortunately. As for today &amp; right now try to appreciate all of the good sobriety brings you &amp; all of the bad that you're avoiding by staying away from your demons 
[deleted]
For me quitting alcohol was like breaking up with a girlfriend. In the first stage you miss all the good times and love you had and you want to be back together with her. Then enough time passes and you still remember the good times and bad times you had but you know you could never get back together with her. The magic is all gone and it would just be weird...There is no way I could drink now. It wouldn't feel the same way. I wouldn't like it one bit.
The marketing that Sells alcohol: Single malt in a paneled library fine wine with a gourmet meal cold beer after touch football with attractive people never shows the reality of hangovers bad decision making health issues money wasted etc. Can drink or have all the great things that not drinking can bring: Healthy relationships physically healthy self money saved improved career opportunities. One day at a time.
Great post and great comments...thank u all!  I think we all have romanticized alcohol...and we miss it!  I use to study rum...its production and all the subtle differences in varieties.  I once bought 10-12 different brands from many different countries to have a taste test!  I was quite the rum snob!!  Hehe...I really was making up  reasons to keep me surrounded with my favorite spirit!  Alcohol is cunning and I was willing to play along...so to say goodbye to my friend hobby and romance hurts. But it was all a mirage...so happy to be free of it...I will not drink with you today!!
