-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44uaej/sober_for_1_years_2_months_and_2_weeks/

I'm very happy because there was a time in my life when I thought I wouldn't be able to stop drinking completely. I made a decision 1 year 2 months and 2 weeks ago to start a new life...Things haven't been as easy as I thought they would be once I didn't have the alcohol cravings blackouts and other horrible things I've lived...I thought once I got sober I would do many great things because in my mind alcohol was the one thing bringing me down...I was wrong there are other problems that continued to be there once I got sober but I now know that drinking would only make everything worse...I haven't gone to an AA meeting yet but I constantly think about it maybe it would help with my constant fear of relapsing I honestly don't know if it would only make things worse by realizing my problem was not as bad as others...Please let me know if you have been sober with or without AA I would like to know how AA would help why talking about our problem works for some people...Thank you for reading and stay strong!
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't get sober until I went to AA. So for me it's the only thing that worked. The way it does is to allow me to have and maintain a spirituality (not religion) that gives my life the meaning and purpose that I had sought but never found in drugs and alcohol. Talking about my problem helps a little. Talking about my solutions helps immeasurably.
I go to AA for the community. It's good to hang out with drunks in real life too. The biggest thing I take away from AA and this sub is that I can't do it by myself.
My month of sobriety is prob not statistically significant. And I do notice that the people here w the longest sobriety seem to hold AA in high regard. . . . ..For me no AA yet. I'm open to it and likely will...just haven't and am starting to feel steady enough to say I'm doing OK. The people who post here have been my biggest help. I would literally not be in this relatively good place without this sub.
I was a huge skeptic but I enjoy going to AA even tho I get so nervous I'm afraid I'm going to throw up.  For the most part people talk about positive things and everyone is very supportive.  I haven't lost a job or my family no DUI no jail time etc. but neither have a lot of people at the meetings I've been to.  However we all have the same problem - we can't stop drinking once we start.  I usually hear something helpful to my sobriety by listening to others talk about their journeys.  As was pointed out more than once at tonight's meeting it's not about not drinking it's about becoming a better person and living a balanced life.
