-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44umgk/first_day_sober_and_im_craving_alcohol_badly/

I finished tapering and have no withdrawal symptoms other than a bit of insomnia.  However I have the must insatiable craving for alcohol currently...How can I help lock the demon back in its' cage when it rears its' ugly head?  I'm terrified of relapsing.
----------immediate responses--------

You gotta find something that will subside that want..   for me it was a coke.. untill I stopped having the horrible cravings every night..   It takes time..  maybe watch tv..  read a book.. take a shower..  Change your situation..   Good luck!
For the first 20 days I drowned the demon with deliciousness: cookies floats any dessert soda or coffee I wanted and I fed my eyes and mind this sub.  Stayed here as much as necessary kept it beside me on standby.  And Netflix.  
Some of the things that I find helpful:  Read some of slipacre's AA in Prison posts.  Or go to an AA meeting.  Or wander around the emergency room at a city hospital.  Or grab a large trashbag go for a long walk and pick up every piece of rubbish you find along the way.  Eat ice cream.  Watch entire seasons of great shows on Netflix (though that is very isolating).  Make a gratitude list.  Do push-ups until you can't lift your arms.  Take hot shower/bath. Listen to books on tape. Sleep as much as possible.  It does get better. Getting out of my head is definitely helpful.
I'm in the same boat- heading out for some fast food right now!
I know it's rough but let me please tell you a quick story.  I stopped drinking last Monday due to severe pains in my stomach.  All indications point to my pancreas being very upset with me.  Although my blood tests didn't show signs of pancreatitis I had an upper endoscopy performed last Friday and thank goodness my stomach seems fine.  Still though the signs are pointing to my pancreas.  I went to the ER with a pain I can only describe as a 10 out of a 10.  They moved me into a room with a gurney and I couldn't sit on the gurney to wait for the doctor.  I was down on the floor on my hands and knees in pain not knowing what to do.  Scared shitless.  Helpless.  They finally gave me pain meds which helped..TL;DR: Please don't wait for your pancreas to fail before you stop drinking.  Please don't wait 'till you have to go to your local ER.  Save your life today.
I was told the cravings would be absolutely the worst in the first two weeks and would slowly dissipate over the months after.  After that I was told it is mostly trigger based...intense moments of stress.
You should consider seeing a doctor it can be easier with their support.
I read a couple of books that really helped eliminate any cravings. I'm only a couple weeks in but I haven't had the feeling that I'm missing out or that alcohol would somehow improve my mood. "The Easy Way to Conrol Alcohol" by Allan Carr and "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace were revolutionary for me. I've known for a while that I needed to ditch the sauce but I was terrified of what I'd be missing out on.  Now I'm more scared of what I'll miss out on if I do drink. 
[deleted]
