-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44x3st/resetting_my_badge_today/

Sometimes I feel like I am so full of shit. reading some of my past postseven one from two days ago where I tried to encourage a new member and gave him my story of potential divorce lonely even then I Was drawn into the trap again. I stayed home from work because of the serious cough and thought or had the thought that this would be a good day to drink..We all know the process involved on it we all try to forgive each other for relapsing. But how many times do we have to hurt people and ourselves by going back to this terrible habit. It's just another one step at a timemy wife is understandably very upset hurt and disappointed but with my reset today I had back out on the path.
----------immediate responses--------

Encouraging new people is great no matter how much time you have. Someone reading your comment of resetting to one day is doing the same thing right now or maybe it's their first day ever trying. Whatever you can offer is valuable to somebody. ..Welcome back. What was your thought process leading up to the drink and what do you plan to do differently next time when you experience those thoughts again? 
We ALL have something to offer each other. Thanks for the honest post and welcome back!!
Wow man that almost made me cry for some reason! ..Lets be real here; THIS DRUG IS A FUCKING MONSTER! More people are addicted to it than any other recreational drug (legal or not). ..From what I have learnt recently there is absolutely no way you can beat this "alcoholism" without a huge and significant event that leads to profound and unbreakable change in your subconscious (i.e. like we just drive automatically without thinking about it or walk or whatever) it needs to be hardwired into us that Alcohol is just not necessary to function however there are literally decades of hard programming wired into us and at any second it would only take the slightest event thought or whatever to start the drinking programme again!!! ..There is almost literally no escaping it in modern society it's in every shop advertisements on TV intrinsically linked to almost every stage of our upbringing (i.e. Wetting the babies head - FUCK ME! We drink poison to celebrate a new person into the world). ..I can honestly say this is not your fault! I mean Jesus 119 days!!! If I make it that far it will be a miracle due to the influences and hard wiring currently still operating in my brain! ..You hit a very small bump in the road that is all. if you can get back on the smooth tarmac let your subconscious learn and adapt your software from this event hopefully you will be more equipped are ready to tackle the next one then I don't know... ..But I really feel for you... I feel like this could easily be me and probably a lot sooner than you held out so please don't beat yourself up. .
/But how many times do we have to hurt people and ourselves by going back to this terrible habit./.Until we succeed in kicking the habit.  Not one day earlier.
Hey bro sorry to hear about your setback but it happens to the best of us.  We will be here for support and you will learn from this and come back better than ever.
My wife does not understand why I fell even I don't understand it but I really appreciate this community that allows me to get back on track right away and stop beating myself up and just move forward especially appreciated the comment about the hard wiring and the programming in the decades of subconsciousness where we're not even conscious we just go and do it thanks for all the support friends
It doesn't make you full of shit to encourage others.  I feel like a shameful failure today and this post helped me tremendously.  We're all going to make it...
Congrats for getting right back on the wagon.  I think that is the most important thing right now.  The last time I relapsed I went on a 6 month bender without any thoughts or efforts to get sober again.    
Welcome back so soon. Ok got that out of your system get back to work. :)
Alcohol can't have those 119 days back. .Alcohol can't have today if you don't let it. ..
Ahem .. lookie who's also at day 1 again. Still trying tho.
Welcome back. I am glad you are here again. I've been in the relapse spiral before and I didn't have the courage to admit it to anyone but myself. Congratulations on one day!
I'm glad you're back here so quickly.  I'll not drink today with you.
