-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44yrlo/faltered_fell_down_got_back_up_again/

I'll admit; I got really lazy. ..I stopped posting/browsing SD poured all my attention into my job and was only going to one AA meeting a week (only reason was because I was the secretary!)..As many of my friends in the rooms had told me it was only a matter of time before not working the steps and hitting meetings would take it's toll. And it certainly did. ..I may have had the shortest and most violent relapse ever. I simply stopped giving a shit and bought a bottle of whiskey. I started drinking it alone my mind fogging over all of the tools/resources I had learned over the past 500 days. I didn't call my sponsor and I stopped going to meetings so I lost that fellowship I had gained beforehand...Next thing I knew my car is in a ditch. The airbag is deployed in my face. Only thing I can stutter to myself is "I...drove? What the fuck is wrong with me?!" By God's grace I didn't hurt myself or anyone else. That was jarring. It was if some other presence completely possessed me of all common sense and decency. I am so glad that the only that that was ruined was my ego and my car. 12 hours later I was in a meeting with my sponsor...I'm currently doing 90 in 90. I got up in a meeting of 90 people and told them I drank and that I couldn't be secretary anymore. The reception was warmer than I anticipated...My sponsor has helped me through this. He said "You drank big deal. You're an alcoholic. The only thing that matters is you owned up and are continuing to move forward. Now get up and take 30 newcomer chips."..I found out how rapidly alcohol can negatively affect my life and luckily I found out RAPIDLY. ..I have not had a drink since 1/24/2016 and thank God I have no desire to have another.
----------immediate responses--------

Shit happens it's how we deal with it that defines us! 
So glad you are back. Honest posts like this help me stay sober. We are all in this together.
Happy cake day first of all. ..Resetting the count is a very humbling experience only the brave will actually do it. ..Keep it up love yourself..
I always have a lot of respect for the courage it takes for someone to get up and take a one day chip after they've relapsed. You made all the right moves by calling your sponsor getting to a meeting starting a 90 in 90 and announcing yourself as just coming back from a slip. Posting honestly about it here is more of the same. Hats off to you for getting back on the beam and into sobriety. Not everyone is so lucky!
Glad you're intact. In a similar situation in your past would you have driven? Or was that decision part of what made the experience so jarring? 
I'm glad you're okay. I'm glad nothing irreversible happened. I drive too without any consciousness at all it is so scary. I know if I drink again it could potentially be the time I do something irreversibly tragic- The odds are not in my favor. I'm happy you're back on track. kudos.
Glad you and nobody else was hurt.  I have been lucky also in situations.  Something is trying to give us a chance to do something special.  This is the way I look at it. If I stay sober  I will be able to do more special things in my life especially for other people.  
Wow what a miracle you are alive!  And I admire your courage at the meeting and on this site too.
