-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4532dd/acceptance/

This was the topic of our meeting last night. Had a young man at the meeting seen him a couple of times. Had a coke issue compounded by drinking. After a 2 year sobriety he relapsed back into coke. Got clean about 2 weeks ago but thinks he can still drink which led him back to people he used to do coke with. He is in denial and is angry that "evidently I can't friggin' drink either". I have only had the success I have right now (45 days) by accepting I can't do any of it. Because if I drink those inhibitions to drug fall away and I can't control things. No drink no drug to me is the only way to go. There is no moderation. I am a alcoholic and addict. That is what I accept.
----------immediate responses--------

Step 1!  Good job!
I love this post.  I can't moderate either and it doesn't help that in the past I've tried 'sobering up' by switching to pot.  Apparently I'll do anything to avoid myself.  "Evidently I can't friggin' drink either" is a tough admission but it describes me too.
I find/found that by making that admission things became much easier.  This is certainly one of the biggest tools in my toolbox.  I liken it to those with a peanut allergy.  I just can't have it.  Done that's it just can't do it unless I want to end up in the hospital - or worse.  ..The bottles then lose their appeal and draw and their sinister voices weaken or are silenced (mostly) altogether.  
Yeah. I was sad about it for a while. Even when you know you have to stop it's hard to give up on something you "love" (ish) so much. A failed relationship is still hard to leave...What IS interesting and so hard to believe when you're in that place is how much I *don't* feel like that anymore. And the very few times I do are just so substantially outweighed by the benefits of sobriety for me. 
How do you guys feel about an alcoholic who smokes pot? 
It was so hard for me because I only abuse hard alcohol and pills. I don't abuse beer. I am (or was) a serious beer snob. Nothing for me to drink 2 beers and be perfectly fine not drinking the rest of the beer in the house. I will certainly miss that. But vodka and prescription opiates that shit will kill you. I am just glad my bottom hit me before I lost my wife or got a DUI or killed somebody with my vehicle....I seriously got lucky to snap out of it before something bad happened. Feel blessed every single day.
