-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4557lf/babadook/

Has anyone seen the film?  I watched the beginning and couldn't finish because it freaked me out.  What that woman went through mirrored my withdrawal/detox.  Another reminder and reason to stay sober!  I am thankful for that struggle and for all my hardships.  If you like thrillers it's a good movie. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think I have seen it but I'm watching it again now on Netflix thanks 
I've seen it. I can definitely see the analogy to addiction in it looking back with sober eyes (I believe I was tipsy when I saw it...)
I tried watching while drinking in attempts at trying to go to sleep on the couch. Sounds like it deserves a sober attempt to watch it again. Thanks for sharing
Just put it on Netflix thanks for the recommendation!
I think the thing to take away from that is that "evil" doesn't really go away. You have to learn to deal with it and live with it. A good analogy for literally everything that sucks in life.
I've seen it - I definitely think it's about addiction and mental illness. I loved it!
I *loved* this film!! the set design acting camera work everything made her descent into madness so palpable. I felt so claustrophobic and crazy watching her that I actually had to pause it a few times to avoid a panic attack. thanks to your post I now see the similarities to withdrawal and want to experience it again sober. 
Moms with problems ouch..... I'm never going back there
Some times I blame things on the babadook and my fiancee rolls her eyes because she didn't like the movie.  
I don't comment here much any more however... I believe the Babadook is symbolic of depression not addiction. Awesome film even more so to me having been created/directed by a woman. Just my 2 cents no spoilers in order to explain my point of view going back into lurkdom now. Xoxo
I think this film got praise for being good for "an Australian film". It's horrifying and nightmare inducing for sure but outside of that it's a mediocreeper horror film. With that said it's one of the best horror films I've seen in years but that's because the genre has had a parade of shit in the last 10 years or so.
I watched it with the family and seemed to be the only one that liked it. It was hard to watch though because the child's role was practically a mirror of my nephew's behavior. Before this post I hadn't actually put a lot of weight on his mother's condition. 
