-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45ilxy/at_valentines_dinner_wife_says_she_misses/

Valentine's Day dinner nice restaurant downtown my wife (2 wine glasses in) just said she misses the drinking me but I'm staying strong!! 78 days straight! I know she doesn't get it I'm going to start therapy soon so I don't relapse or flat outcall her selfish and unsupportive. She doesn't realize drinking me wanted to die everyday. Sorry just had to vent. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's great your wife is being honest with you. It's a big loss for both parties: my ex had a hard time knowing I wasn't going to drink with him ever again. It's a big change for everyone...Congrats on staying strong :)
Ouch. I'm really sorry-- that's a pretty shitty Valentine's gift. Have you shared your internal struggle with her? And if so has she made any effort to empathize with you? If you haven't shared it with her why not? Congrats on staying strong that's awesome and I'm proud of you. 
Sounds like you need support and you have mine. I hope you find RL support too. Best wishes.
If she doesn't realize "drinking you wanted to die everyday" maybe you should fill her in?..Don't be sorry for venting this is the place to share with people who understand what you're going through. Stay strong :)
[removed]
[deleted]
My Mom hinted at the same thing to me they really have no idea how much happier we are and that can be difficult to deal with. Looking for ways to work through this. 
Perhaps your wife has a problem with alcohol herself.  Once a friend of mine got used to me not drinking she said that she thought she had a problem.  Other people including spouses can feel uncomfortable because they like drinking and think that they should stop too.
Alcohol reflects back you in the eyes and thoughts of other people who are under it's influence. Like that spirt you have exorcised from your body trying to find a weakness as a way to get back in.  
Sobriety took a lot of time for me to adjust and it took a lot of time for my husband to adjust. To start with he also said he missed drinking me he just didn't understand that I can't just take-or-leave alcohol that I can't just reduce my intake and become a moderate drinker . I have a problem - when it's in my life it is front and center at great cost to my health and every aspect of my life.  I was four months sober before I decided I wanted and needed to stay sober and at that stage I explained my decision and he got on board with it. We no longer share drinking together but we share so many other things - a nice meal a nice walk a gym trip watching a film etc. it truly doesn't matter that my glass does not contain alcohol. I'm happier healthier fiscally better he's also noticeably less stressed not having to worry about me or carry me any more. ..tl;dr it took time and communication to turn that around for us :)
Did she say what she missed? ..A change in behaviour or is it just that she feels uncomfortable being the only one drinking when you go out?..At my stage in my sobriety I've not really explained in great detail my extended dry run. My wife hardly ever drinks anyway so I don't think she'll be bothered but equally I also know that she wouldn't get the fact I can't moderate. It's a conversation I'm going to have to have with her at some point but not just yet.....Well done on your 78 days without. I'm not drinking with you today.
Great post.  I have learned a lot from reading the responses.  My wife and I miss that fun mania that comes from having some drink together but we don't miss the negatives.  The negatives far outweigh the one or two positives. She has watched me make an ass out of myself many times.  She has watched me be insecure with myself because of excess alcohol.  For her it is a great tradeoff.  Positives vs negatives
I had the same experience last week with my husband. While at lunch he had three glasses of wine and I had a soda. He told me that drinking was part of the "fun" we used to have and just like you the drinking was killing a small part of me everyday. The way I looked at it is as though I might be holding up a mirror to his own problem. Glad you held strong!! This is a great place to vent.
Here is my story on this: I was 12 years into the program. My life had turned around and things were good. My wife came up with a similar line adding that life was funnier when I was drinking and that ups and down were normal. She is not an alcoholic and I am sure she did not mean for what follow to happen. But my alcoholic brain saw it differently...It did not happen right away but without knowing it my wife had unlocked the door. A few months later on New Year's eve I took the champagne glass that was presented to me. For about a year I was the fun loving wine afficionado. And then... Well you know how it turned out: blackouts escorts money issues lying and feeling like the worst piece of crap ever manufactured by the universe...My point is: my sobriety is the most important part of my life. It is a miracle I made it back and I think that my wife (FYI I am still with the same women - even after all the craziness) gets it. I don't hear any nostalgic rant about alcohol any more. 
I lost a relationship this way. I was abusing to hide everything I hated in life but it also hid how different I was from my partner. Life is about growth. Sometime you have growing pains. 
I can hear my wife saying this...she is still drinking and is not an alcoholic but we have been drinking buddies for the last 15 years.  I was previously in the program and had my 5 year chip... We had many good times drinking but my struggle to moderate was always a concern.  It is only natural that my wife misses the good time hubby sharing our mutual love of alcohol.  It is just that it was killing me!  She doesn't know the internal struggle I have had!! She feels my new sobriety and my time of this site and attendance to AA meetings is something she can't share or be a part of and she resents it!!  Hopefully she will see the good in my sobriety and will be able to be more supportive down the road... I am enjoying the freedom from the bottle!  No drinking today...
My wife doesn't say she misses the drinking me but I am sure she doesn't "get it" too. It takes time some times. That's what I am told too ;)
Well you probably miss the younger version of her but you wouldn't say it. What she said is horrible and insensitive any way you cut it...Stay strong she'll get it eventually. 
My husband who is a non drinker lamented my not drinking. Different reasons than yours probably. But it's for me not him. 
