-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45jne0/i_got_my_first_star_today_and_would_like_to_share/

Introduction:..Hi everybody. This may be a long post I apologise in advance. Well today I got my first star on yet another crack at abstinence. I would like to offer my story to you in the hope that it may offer something anything much in the same way I've benefited from lurking this past month or so...I took my first full drink at age 16 whilst home alone over the summer during a house party to which I was the glorious host. Kind of a dork I'd never even been to a house party before yet there I was beer in hand watching teens of all ages proceed to get riotously drunk in my own home. It was great and everyone genuinely had a fun time...That night I drank ten bottles of beer. And so it began...Part 1: Why learn to run when you just simply crawl?..Up until age 23 or so I was like many other young people around me. Social drinker only but always to excess until either incapacitated or blacked out and operating on autopilot. Every. Single. Time...Becoming a bartender was a big deal. With the confident embrace of booze I was able to reach out beyond my social awkwardness and learn how to interact socially. It worked because I had a purpose and didn't need a pretext for conversation. It was a popular nightclub with good crew of kids and I felt liked. It was sweet. And I was a fucking good bartender...That year I learned to function on alcohol. I became quite proficient...At age 24 I met a wonderful girl and we dived into a relationship with haste. It wasn't a bad decision we were very good together. However it was my first serious relationship (recall my awkwardness) so I took great comfort in her company. It was all I needed. Well that and booze...That year I learned to drink at home in the quiet company of the only person I ever wanted or needed to be around...Over the course of five years we made great strides in life. Settled down bought a home etc. Everything started to click into place as it does when you finally feel like you're no longer clinging to driftwood. But in the secluded safety of our little isle of us we were enabling each other. We had friends and drank socially sure. Still it was always best at home...After a couple years of this insular lifestyle the hooks were deep enough to start causing real issues. I found it difficult to be sociable without alcohol and drank during the week to relieve the frustration that my job was causing. I found excuses to drink alone. Happiness was fading. The spiral had momentum now. I decided to try working from home in order to get some job satisfaction. Bad decision...That year I learned the meaning of depression...We knew I had to change. Whilst always eager she never had a problem with it always able to stop and rarely initiating. She never got sad after a night on the piss like I always did. We had a few little wins here and there sometimes being abstinent for a couple of weeks sometimes a couple of months. It wasn't all bad but therein lies the danger... I had my break from it so it should be fine to go back right? I'm not an idiot I've learned my lesson it'll be just fine...Just. Fine. Countless is the number of times I gave myself that pat on the back with the perceived reward of oblivion well earned. A cycle was well in effect...The depression eventually led to inward anger and anger led to escapism. I drank alone as much as I did with her sequestered in my office immersed in gaming. I devolved into a reclusive resentful partner. Though I never harbored a single ill thought about her I did have a beef with the world and she bore the brunt of that. I took out all my frustration on her that which I couldn't deal with through the haze of clouded judgement...After nearly six years of unofficial marital  bliss  she left...That year I learned what it was like to lose everything I ever cared about...  Intermission  ..I need to dry my eyes...Still with me? Really? Well shucks... thank you...Part 2: Words fail me...September 2013. The explosive follow up to Part 1 an onslaught of self inflicted destruction hatred despair. I left the isle its crystal clear waters and took up temporary residence in a grubby little room in the home of my good friend and his brother. The brother was an avid brewer. Vast amounts of high strength beer (7%) was readily available. I got shitfaced every day for two months often missing work and hitting up the household supply when my significant allocation for the day would inevitably run dry...Folks were worried...I won't go into too much detail here. You can imagine. You probably already know. Two and a half years of being utterly derailed. There were many outrageous benders the likes of which would usually end up with me being hospitalised against my will or dealing with the now severe withdrawal symptoms alone. I missed a lot of work. The police dragged me out of my reverie a number of times (I was a danger to myself) in handcuffs and unceremoniously dumped into the back of a wagon and off to the hospital. Restraints were applied. I escaped and hid in a stairwell once just like Grand Theft Auto taught me. All I wanted was the release of nothingness. Though I don't want it any more and haven't for some time during that horrendous period I wished to give up on life. Suffocating myself hurt but I felt I deserved it...That year I learned exactly how hard it is to end your own life...Assaulting police officers. Psychotic episodes. Crashing my car twice. Losing my job twice. Putting my family through hell. Losing my friends. My best friend gone forever (she stopped talking to me a few months after the breakup I haven't heard from her since). Pissing away a disturbing portion of my life savings. Unemployed for four months (I did land a stellar job late last year though). Sacrificing my health because hey the dead don't need it. The withdrawals...Gosh the withdrawals...I never really gave up. There must have been at least twenty attempts each with varying degrees of success. But sustained detox and relapse cycles took their toll and the withdrawals were steadily progressing into severe territory. Prior to the meltdown I'd gotten them a couple of times; a bit of the shakes profuse sweating and unusual sleeping patterns. But then... intense anxiety nausea so bad I couldn't even keep water down my skin on fire reeking from a disgusting sheen of expunged toxins insomnia for days mood swings disorientation auditory hallucinations at night throwing up blood... the list goes on...I can't imagine what it would be like to descend further into the abyss. I find withdrawals completely debilitating the sickest I've ever felt...I don't ever want to experience that again or find out what it's like to further sink to another level of mental bedrock. There's no winning when all you can see are snakes and not a ladder in sight. I'm concerned that one more round will completely erode any chances of beating this...Part 3: This has to stop...I'd been misleading my family about my drinking habits when a botched Christmas visit laid it all bare. I got rubbished on Christmas Eve passed out in the wee hours of Christmas morning. I stayed in bed all day. They said I ruined Christmas. A bit dramatic but I probably did. I felt like such a piece of shit...There is still so much left. A great career a nice home a family who loves me. A bright future. Why am I doing this?..Well there it is and here I am. One month in. Again...I'm optimistic though...-..For those of you who made it this far you have my heart felt appreciation. If I could I'd buy you all a be.. er lemon soda and bitters. Not that sweet fake crap though. Freshly squeezed lemon the bubbliest soda water and a generous dash of Agnostura...Just delicious.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 30 days!..ps - I'm not sure if you're aware you've turned off displaying your flair so other members can't see your star - you can turn it back on by checking the box in the sidebar...pps - would you like us to flair your post as a "Saturday Share" - it will then join the library of other [Saturday Shares](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=flair%3Asaturday&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all) :)
Thanks for sharing your story. You're a talented writer and clearly an intelligent individual. Forget that you have had failed attempts in the past. You don't need a perfect track record you just need this to stick once and this time can be that time. What you had and lost you can have again. Just take it one day at a time. 
This is strong stuff. Thank you so much for sharing. I'll join you in not drinking today.
What an amazing post you are so strong. Keep moving forward I'll keep you company :)
Great job.  I am right behind ya!  Thanks for the post. 
Well that's quite a story. At least you know the next chapter: this will be the year you learn to live life sober. 
I made it through the whole thing and I really appreciate you sharing. I can't believe you've gone through so much but I'm so glad that you're here. Keep up the good work! And keep sharing with us your story as you move forward! 
