-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45os6x/new_here_my_rock_bottom_story/

I am 35 years old and have been drinking since I was 17.  It was almost always binge drinking but usually confined to the weekends.  My drink of choice was rum and coke...About 2 years ago I decided to get weight loss surgery and I think that is when I started the downward spiral.  I got a band that they gradually tightened until it was tough to swallow anything.  I found that self-medicating with alcohol allowed me to swallow enough that I could not instantly retch everything.  It got to the point that it was difficult to swallow even liquids in the mornings.  I finally decided to just remove all of the fluid...But the drinking was becoming a habit and the depression from my perceived failure started.  I was up to probably a pint 4 days a week.  Both the depression and the drinking ramped up until I was drinking more nights than not.  ..It made me irritable and annoyed at work so I quit.  I bounced around to a couple similar jobs and the drinking continued until some nights I was drinking a fifth a night and either coming in to work still buzzed or calling in sick.  Finally I decided that I could make more money as a freelancer and part-time poker player working from home (terrible idea)...I was now drinking usually a fifth a day then half a handle.  I would have 1-2 drinks during the day to take the edge off and getting bombed drinking all day during football on Sundays (usually passed out before the 6 o'clock game kickoff)...There were a few times during this period when I would decide to quit drinking and go cold turkey.  These usually lasted 4 days when I decided I could become a responsible drinker (I defined this as half a fifth a night).  Yeah right...Three weeks ago after another failed attempt I got really depressed and started hitting it really hard every day half a handle not bathing regularly struggling to make it to 10 am when the liquor stores usually opened and kicking myself for not stocking up more.  This past week I started developing some serious stomach issues (gastritus as it turns out was worried it was something way worse) which has left me seriously painfully bloated and has me retching disgusting bile and constantly spitting disgusting yellowish spit.  It would take me getting near-blackout drunk just to dull the pain...Yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock about 4 drinks into the day I retched up the most disgusting sour yellow bile for like 5 minutes and thought I was hours or days from death if I didn't stop.  I decided that enough was enough and I quit quit right then...So I did.  I poured out the remainder of the handle and decided to do it.  The withdrawals started around 6 and they were way worse due to the added pain from the gastritis.  I wanted to call my mommy and beg her to take me to rehab but decided to tough it out.  They only got worse and worse as the night progressed.  At 2 am I thought I was going to stroke out curled up in a ball crying on my bed.  I went to the ER where I waited in the lobby for 2 hours rocking in pain.  Finally they took me back and gave me that sweet benzo IV while closely monitoring my blood pressure which was at 173/130 when they first took it.  The pain and anxiety went from excruciating to mildly annoying where it still is tonight.  I was discharged and came home thinking I could finally sleep but the withdrawals and gastritis are still painful enough that it is difficult.  Hopefully I can get a little bit tonight or definitely tomorrow.  Still considering some inpatient rehab...I lurked here for a long time before I finally quit so to you guys thinking about it do it before you end up in the ER...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and congrats on your decision to quit drinking! 
Welcome dude and thanks for sharing your story! If you have insurance I've been told in-patient rehab isn't as expensive as you think.
These thing don't get better only progressively worse. When my body was saying enough I decided to listen. You can do this one day at a time! :)
Glad you're here :)
Welcome and congratulations on your decision. I hope you feel better soon!
I'm glad you went to the ER. That's some super high blood pressure. Welcome to SD. We are glad you are here. 
Awww sweetie I'm glad you are here with us. 
Welcome! Hope you're feeling better soon!
