-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45x89g/really_struggling_today/

Got a hangup from a private call yesterday. Pretty sure it was my abusive ex messing with my mind on Valentine's day. I had plans but was so freaked out I just huddled at my parents' house. Still in physical therapy for what happened. Had to call the police and make a report to be on the safe side. Meanwhile I can't talk to anyone about it because the usual response is silence or "Get over it". Lost most of my friends and a lot of family because of the relationship and how bad my drinking got. ..Trying to put myself out there in AA but literally getting no response from other women. Someone wanted to meet up Sat and just... didn't...show... up. Ran into someone from the program at Whole Foods and she was with one of the reasons I left the program 3 years ago and it was so uncomfortable. It does seem like a lot of folks equate good sobriety with the American dream. And me childless bonkers relapsing just trying to get through the day.. it's not what people want to be around. And if you're an open atheist you're a bit of a pariah anyway. ..My sponsor is amazing but we just text never really talk much. I just woke up today feeling like giving up. I'm sorry to sound so negative and whiny. Just so exhausted wondering what the point of being sober is when your best efforts create a fairly dismal career-stalled isolated life with a dude who tried to kill you running around free...Felt fierce Friday and Saturday. But getting that hangup pretty much tore the stuffing out of me. ..Sorry this is so long and TMI.
----------immediate responses--------

I am sorry you're feeling like you're not fitting in. You're doing the best you can. ..We are here for you and I am sure the women of this place understand what you're going through. I definitely do. I remember meeting those american dream types in early sobriety and feeling like they were judging me..
My late partner was a counsellor at a shelter for abused women so I certainly have an awareness of what you're going through - albeit in a secondhand sort of way.  I'm sure you can stay strong and prove you're better than anyone thinks you may be - and you have that shiny star to keep polished.  We're right behind you.
That's got to be tough...I remember getting the hang ups...I've changed my number so many times...apparently I'm a horrible judge of character. ..I am also a serial relapser didn't listen was an open agnostic...I was anything but the poster sober girl in AA. Fortunately my homegroup has seen this type before...and acknowledged that it's even harder to come back...but I did...and so did you! It takes a survivor to stand back up after falling down as often as I did...some days I don't believe I'm strong at all...other days I feel fierce. Keep on keeping on wizard!! You've got this! Life has some godawful curveballs for us sometimes...but it also has some pretty amazing ones!!
I also had a psycho ex who was a "Private Caller." I found out that I could get a service through the phone company (easy and cheap) where if you call me as a private caller your call will not go through unless you reveal your identity for that one phone call. Apparently my ex did not like this because he FINALLY stopped calling me.
I am glad you have a sponsor who you can text. I am sorry you're having a rough time connecting with people in the program. It's happened to me before too. Do you have the ability to go to meetings in a different part of town? That's helped me find a different vibe get in the groove with different folks. ..I wish there was something I could say to make the assholes leave you alone. They blow. You rock.
