-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/461291/relapse/

I do it.. pretty often as I've mentioned. Yesterday was day 16 today was 17 and I've relapsed...Urges have been strong but I've been fighting them well these past two weeks. Today relapse wasn't an urge at all. I woke up and without thinking or anything the first thing I did in bed was decide I was drinking today. Didn't even feel like a decision. Everyday I wake up I do this whole wonder if I'm gonna slip today and tell myself why I shouldn't. Today before I even got to that point I made up my mind...Been a rough day. It's like I've been trying to argue with myself and compile mental lists on why I should and shouldn't drink. And it really feel like I'm playing an act to myself because like I said when I woke up it was decided...So I went to the alcohol store. Rationalized just a pint would be okay. Might give me a hangover but less binge inducing.. but they were out so I got a fifth instead. Still not too much I figure...I haven't drank yet but I know I'm going to. I know I shouldn't. I know I'm incredibly stressed and I'm going to drink and feel sad for all the problems I created for myself. And I'm going to hate myself in the morning and eventually mention it at AA since some folks were looking forward to my one month...It's weird.. I've relapsed before but always on a whim kind of such as someone offering me a drink and me just saying "fuck it yeah" or because of a traumatic event where I clearly thought "no fuck this I'm out" and went on a binge. Never relapsed like this where I just decided upon waking.. ..So yeah just saying it here. I guess there's no reason to tell you all... Most people I know would freak out if they found out I bought a bottle of alcohol so I don't plan on telling anyone about this except you all and AA...Fuck. Goddamn urges are sneaky. I was doing well too just yesterday I could totally feel one month being achievable and today I slipped/am about to slip. One of those things you know addiction can do but still feel so caught off guard when you slip.. ah well..
----------immediate responses--------

What a great chance for a victory if you were to pour that fifth down the drain and not drink! I get the urges too and when I delay long enough for the urge to pass it sure feels good. Wishing you strength - you can do it! 
When I feel a craving or an urge I tell myself I can drink tomorrow if I want just not today. I am always very proud of myself the next day - and I don't want to drink. What good does it do anyway? Just a thought.
Well it's a choice at any moment and whatever you thought this morning doesn't set a course. You can decide now what your immediate future is gonna be like... knowing that drinking isn't going to do anything for "stress" except increase it so that's not *really* a reason. ..If you're worried about the waste of $10 tell ya what: You pour that bottle down the sink and I will personally make a $10 donation to ALS the Doctors Without Borders or a local animal shelter. Yes puppies you can help the puppies. No waste no getting wasted. ..Serious offer. I'll make the donation tonight. ..One sip and the deal's off though and the puppies are out of luck. .
