-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/461k3m/jesus_h_christ_in_a_chicken_basket_807_days/

Has it really been 807 days?? Fucking eh it feels like just yesterday I woke up hung over and had to be at the print shop at 10am! Which was a stretch for me when I used to drink. Yes you read that right. It was a hassle for me to get to work on time in my sloppy shit-head days at fucking 10am. ..Yeah yeah yeah I got your "Dinos in recovery request" I checked it out. The shit ain't the same. And my counter is here. I can't leave this place. Plus I'm 28. I know it's all about how far along you are in your recovery but come on guys. I'm already pushing 30 I'm not ready to be called a "Dino" yet. Save that shit for when I'm 60. (If I make that far science willing) You stopdrinking folk are my people. I don't care if you have 1 day 111 days or 1111 days I wanna hear what YOU have to say god damnit. That shit humbles me. Reminds me of when I was in your shoes and helps bring me back to the realities of why I quit. I may not post much but I read what you write. Theres some inspiring shit going on around here every day dudes and dudettes keep it up. ..But back to what I was saying. It feels like just yesterday that I woke up in a daze took a look in the mirror and said "You look like shit John. You gotta straighten up and fly right." and I did. Only it wasn't yesterday. It was 807 fucking days ago for christ's sake. ..I'm all self-employed now and shit. Get my bills paid on time and shit. People trust me and shit. I teach music and shit and all my students look up to me not just as a musician but as a mentor and a good guy and shit. I have people counting on me and shit. People come to me for advice or someone to talk to that kind of shit. People fucking listen to me and shit! I'm sitting over here like "What the fuck is this shit????" When the hell did I suddenly become the responsible one?????? I went from being the last pig at the trough to the leader of the goddamn pack before I knew what hit me! ..I was with a bunch of my old crew the other day and one of my buddies piped up and said "Fuck man if we were placing bets on which one of us would be the first to give it up you were the LAST one I would've put money on. I'm proud of you S." And I sat there and felt a little part of me finally die. I realized in that moment that none of my friends or family missed the old me at all. I realized that none of the people I've met over the last two years even knew the old me. My niece and nephews will never know the old me. The ones who DID know the old me barely remember him. The old me is now irrelevant an after thought. He doesn't matter. I felt that part of me die. In a sense it broke my heart but I knew in my heart that I was the only person at the table who was sad to see him go and was the only person who knew he had left at all. This was a different moment of clarity. This felt warm and freezing cold at the same time. Like the last gust of snowy wind before the door shuts for good...I managed to crawl through a river of shit and come out clean on the other side. Hell even in my sobriety I've seen some shitty shit. People dying ODing friends relapsing relationships coming to abrupt ends damn near lost one my best friends when his drunk girlfriend tried to kill him. I've pretty much run the gamut here. ..I've got such a goddamn long way left to go. But it's okay. I've got you mother-fuckers to help show me the way. Some of you blazed the trails some of you are taking your first steps today. It's like 2:20am where I am right now so I'm going to bed. But before I quit rambling here I just want to say this: STAND BY EVERY PROMISE. You made a promise to yourself you need to keep it for yourself. A human being is nothing if they cannot keep their word. Keep that last bit in mind when choosing new friends too. You'll thank me later. ..I love you bastards. Good night! ..And I'm not a Dino yet god damnit! I'm not even 30 for fuck's sake. .
----------immediate responses--------

I'm real happy for you - congrats on 807 days sober I'm glad things are going better for you! I'm glad that your friends and family dig sober you too! I have years of faulty wiring to tackle and this place keeps me sharp :)
I've just begun my journey but I look forward to getting to 807 days! Well done man that was some good shit to read
Good on you sober friend! Thank you for writing the line about standing by every promise. I have tried to quit countless times and the thing that really started to wear me down was the knowledge that I couldn't trust my own word. Who can you trust if you can't trust yourself? 
Sound's like you got your 'shit' together! ..&gt; I've got such a goddamn long way left to go. . .Maybe there's no destination just a journey of self discovery? The future a destination (in respect of alcoholism) do not exist. If your ego tells you otherwise it's trying to trick you again! (just my 2cents). ..Great post dude! 
^Gotta ^go ^with ^you ^on ^the ^dinos. ^The ^place ^has ^no ^pulse. ^But ^you ^didn't ^hear ^it ^from ^me. ^:)
You just gave me the biggest grin I've had in days!
I saved your post! I laughed and almost cried (don't you know that men don't cry?). Those are the posts that helps me get through tough times. There was a lot of negativity yesterday around being sober for long that I almost fell in the trap. What I understand is that recovery (like alcoholism) is a process so slow that we don't feel that things go forward that much and one day (seems like it's exactly at 807 days) we think about the past and don't recognize it...Thanks for your post it makes me feel great about recovery!
[deleted]
This is the best thing I've read all day. I love your candour and the expletives. Amazing how you've turned your life completely around - keep looking out for those young minds - they notice far more than we realize. Thanks for inspiring me today and keep inspiring!!! :)
D-I-N-O-S-A-U-R you are a dinosaur!" - Kesha ..Congrats man I pray I can be where you are in 5 years when im 28.  Your family your friends and all of us here are so goddamned proud of you brother :)
Congrats anti-dino:) Loved you honesty and blunt post :)
Love this!!  Glad you're sticking around here!
That was very well said and shit. Thank you!
Great post! Congrats on 807 days. A little longer for me before I feel that last gust of snowy wind at the door - love the metaphor - but plan to get there one day at a time. Peace.
This is the best thing I've read in a long time! I wish I had been as smart as you when I was your age.
Woohoo!
&gt; STAND BY EVERY PROMISE. You made a promise to yourself you need to keep it for yourself. A human being is nothing if they cannot keep their word. ..Love this. So true. But also this last part:..&gt; Keep that last bit in mind when choosing new friends too...Great advice. Still learning it. 
Cheers to the anti-Dino!
[deleted]
Hilarious and excellent shit!
