-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/462mjg/3_years_today/

So as of today i have three years of sobriety. I just want to tell anyone who is struggling just starting out what have you. It is definitely a road worth taking. Not only am i an alcoholic i am a severe addict as well. I tried to get sober many times in the past i failed many times. Though i used to regret it i now know that regret will land you in the same situation or worse. Sobriety will change your perceptions what was once failure are now valuable lessons to me. U have been through 4 inpatient rehabs 3 sober livings 5150s arrests what have you i have been there. The last bottom i hit i was homeless begging for money on the street. Drinking toxically cheap liquor chasing it with 4lokos and injecting heroin and meth on a daily basis. (hell i even slammed 4loko once out of curiosity sake) I was sucked up to 98lbs teeth falling out. I was intensely dirty seriously. It was bad my only showers were bird baths in fast food joints and gas stations cuts on my arm (self inflicted because hey when your sleeping behind a building in the winter and freezing to death is a legitimate fear. Tear your shit up! call yourself in get a 5150 and you get a free three day hotel and food vacation. I did this and i thought it was clever) I wanted to die on a daily basis I had absolutely no one left that was speaking to me. I felt like i was wandering alone throughout the city watching a movie called life... Anyhoo enough of the mess. I now have a life full of wonderful friends and family (our relationship has never been better as well). A entirely new wonderful family who I have met being a secretary for various AA meetings since i hit 6 months. I have a job i not only love but coincides with my passion in life (i work at a music venue) I have my music up and running again more blessings than i can count. I strongly suggest whatever you are using to stay sober DO THE WORK. Learn something new everyday. learn from mistakes. embrace life. don't hide from it. This is coming off very rant-like but i am just so grateful and have nothing but love in my heart these days. Sobriety is by far the best thing that has ever happened to me. From someone who wanted to die and was trying to do so by getting fucked up and nothing else hoping the alcohol and drugs would eventually do me in. To a person who embraces the world. I now experience life as opposed to just existing. So thank you for all the wonderful words i have seen written here in the SD thread thank you my friends. 3 years yay! ...okay rant over.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!  Awesome story :)  proof that pretty much anyone can turn their life around.  Three years is awesome!
Thank you for your post.  There is nothing better than the voice of experience.  Congrats on 3 years!
Congratulations! 
