-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4652cd/i_want_to_quit_drinking/

I am 24 years and have been battling severe alcoholism since I was 18. I have been through a medically supervised detox on 4 separate occasions been fired from several jobs and ruined relationships with people who I love dearly. ..I have not had anything to drink today and I intend on keeping that way. The anxiety is almost unbearable but I've been through this before and I know that by tomorrow I should be feeling more normal again. ..Late last year I turned into a monster of a person through my drinking. I was emotionally abusive to my girlfriend of many years going so far as to break up with her so I could sleep around with other women. When I emerged from the haze after a stint in detox I realized the magnitude of my mistake. She packed her bags and left town because I had broken her heart. I love her and would give anything in the world to have her back but I know I can't focus on that right now. ..My alcoholism was completely pre-meditated. I remember in high school after a particularly rough day I came home and drank enough of my parents' boxed wine to feel intoxicated. I was in love and made the conscious decision to treat all of my ills with alcohol. This developed into a full-blown handle a day dependency. ..The first time that I got out of detox I felt ready to be sober for the rest of my life. I made it six months before the curiosity got the best of me. I started drinking alone again and ended up right back in the same predicament. ..Every subsequent relapse has been progressively sloppier than the last. I seem to have lost my ability to function as a day drinker. Whereas before I would drink 10-15 shots before work and about the same amount during work and significantly more before bed I was still able to hold a conversation and fulfill my duties but I was emotionally volatile. Now if I drink in the morning I get messy really quickly and the anxiety comes back as soon as I stop...Today I am not going to drink and I want to stop drinking for good. I've been a longtime lurker here so I'm happy to finally get this off my chest. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello! I'm glad you've come out of lurk-dom. I could not stay sober alone. I grabbed onto whatever support available including rehab therapy and involvement in AA. What are your plans for getting well? There is more to it than simply not drinking. I hope you find the support you need and deserve. 
Welcome. Glad you're here - it's a whole new thing to step out of the lurker shadows and start posting here. Hope to see your name around..
Re: losing your ability to function as a day drinker -- that was my experience too. I honestly have no idea how I used to go around all day with the BAC I must have had. Several detoxes went by and my most recent relapses I pass out cold after literally half what I used to drink. I took it as a serious sign from my body and my liver in particular not to mention what it must have been doing to my brain. Good luck to you and welcome!
What is your plan?  Have you considered a professional addiction psych?  There are many methods that work and they may have you go to meetings or try various medications to ease your desire to drink...I am personally seeing an addiction specialist soon to help me find a better method to cope with addiction.
I have a very similar story as you. I quit for the first time when I was 24. It took me 3 years of detoxes OUIs IOPs and hospitals to start truly wanting sobriety for myself and no one else.  The only way I was to get what I have today is by going to further treatment.  I currently live in a halfway house and I love it here. I'm safe I was able to keep my job I have friends and staff to help me during this rough period of sobriety.  I can't fully express how much further treatment has helped me.  I commend anyone who can get sober in the halls of AA but I need full sobriety immersion.
