-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46cf30/so_i_finally_went_to_smart/

And it was seriously great. Such a welcoming and open atmosphere. Almost didn't feel any anxiety at all even as I arrived at the house. I guess I was finally ready. ..I'm going again tonight and it should be interesting as there are different social workers that run the meetings on Tuesday and Thursday. Tuesday felt very welcoming and relaxed. I'm curious to see how the Thursday guy runs the show...As a 32 year old it was amazing to see that almost half the people were my age or younger. I really loved that it wasn't just a 'sit and listen' to the councilor and wait your turn to blab on about yourself. It's totally inclusive and when someone is talking about a certain topic it's permitted for others to speak up politely and give suggestions. Then the conversation goes from there...Listening to how people had a plan for the week and what happened during that time was really interesting. The common theme I found is that people struggle with lifestyle change (i.e. finding new hobbies they enjoy or cutting off bad influences/friends). You can only watch so much Netflix before you want to jump off a bridge...So my group got to know me but I loved that they don't want to know your back story. You're there to talk about the present and what you're going to do to take the steps in the direction you want to go as they eventually teach you the coping mechanisms you need to dampen that screaming voice in your head...That's my ramble and if this convinces even one person to go to a session than I'm happy. It's 90 min of your life. You'll survive.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I wish they had those meetings in my area. Anyway I am glad you enjoyed it so much! Thanks for sharing
I'm going to my second one tomorrow. I like that recovery is self-defined and there's an exit plan. May not suit everyone but that definitely suits me. Glad you are enjoying your group!
I think you've convinced me to attend a SMART meeting thanks!
I liked SMART - a lot.  So much so that I recently went back after not attending for over a year simply to see how everyone was and to tell them how much the group meant to me.  The cognitive behavior approach is great for some people.
Based on your reaction I will try to find a SMART meeting. Thanks for the tip !
The CBT and REBT tools I learned from SMART have been imperative in helping me get to where I am today! ..I'm happy you've found a way to help you continue on your path of sobriety and recovery.
Thank you for this!  I haven't yet been to any kind of meeting but was researching SMART last night as I think it may be a good fit for me.  ..This gave me an extra push to check out this Sunday's meeting.
Nice one. It's always good to see SMART updates :)
That's awesome. I'm going to my first meeting tomorrow. And I'm also in Australia. G'day mate!
Great post I've been dragging my heels about attending the nearest meeting for months. It's too far the time is awkward etc etc.... I need to get on it. Thanks again and congratulations on having such a positive encounter.
The only reason I don't still go is that the local public meeting closed. They're still held at the VA hospital but you have to be a vet to get in which I'm not. I've thought about becoming a facilitator and starting my own but I figure the public one closed for a reason-- I was the only "civilian" there.
I'm so pleased for you! I go to AA (not often) but would like to try SMART too. I'm all for finding new tools to help my sobriety and this sounds great! 
I love the meeting formats in SMART! I am so glad you went and feel good about your experience. The workbook is fantastic too--I would highly recommend picking it up. 
What I liked about SMART was that it looked forwards mainly. It's good to reflect to give you reminders about how you got there but all good recovery should focus on the future.
Thanks for sharing - I've been curious about SMART as I'm not very attracted to AA for a variety of reasons. Glad you had a good experience - hope it continues tonight too.
Ah yes I love SMART! Glad you are finding it helpful! Am interested to know how you like the meeting tonight.
