-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46ec4p/depression_and_anxiety_who_has_been_to_a_doctor/

I am curious about people's experiences with trying to help their depression/anxiety either through medication or CBT etc. I think that would be a helpful tool in maintaining sobriety for me. ..I'm sober today but man I'm depressed. Anxious about the past. Just blah. It's a don't give a fuck mood that's dangerous. ..Good thing I'm at work and occupied for the next 8 hours. 
----------immediate responses--------

I struggled with both depression and anxiety whilst drinking. I let things settle once I quit drinking I'm free of depression though I sought further help with managing my anxiety. I visited my doctor at about 9 months sober and was referred to CBT which I've found useful in managing my thoughts-feelings-behaviours better. I also quit caffeine. ..I'm a lot calmer these days and it's less of an issue than it was. I've got better coping tools and I can face uncomfortable feelings. It really helps me not to dwell in the past or worry for the future but to focus on my present. ..One thing that really helps me is focusing on the principles of the serenity prayer - accepting that which I can't change just taking small steps on what I can.
[removed]
I did IOP with DBT therapy. I highly recommend it. My depression and anxiety are improving everyday.
Being placed on the right medication literally saved my life. Don't be afraid to go that route early on. Too many folks hem and haw about how anxiety and depression is normal especially in the nebulously defined world of "early sobriety." But why suffer unnecessarily? It's just another tool in the toolbox and it's not forever.
I'm currently on session 5 of CBT for Social Anxiety. .. will see my therapist next week again stopped drinking the weekend after our last session. ..Was also on meds for mild depression taken them for about 3 months but I was drinking while taking them so I actually think they had little to no affect at all (maybe a slight placebo affect because I felt I was doing something about depressive thoughts). ..The honest truth is that; alcohol was/is causing or preventing my depression. ..I am a lot better with anxiety... however as I near 3 weeks I kind of feel like the initial high of giving up alcohol is dimming a little and some minor symptoms of 'normal' anxiety and depression are slowly working their way back into 'normal' daily life. Bit worried to be honest very minor thoughts... but relapse seems like a minor on-going thought and possibility niggling away at the back of my mind.
I did back in 2004 and all he did was prescribe medication that caused awful side effects which only made me more depressed and anxious.  Your best bet is to figure out what makes you feel the way you do and deal with it on your own.  In short make your life better.  
barman once said addiction can never be cured it can only be replaced :( 
Like /r/opheliakitty I am successfully treated with medication. It helps me stay sober. 
I just started seeing a therapist. It was my fourth time seeing her yesterday. We are working on getting into EMDR I filled out a lot of quizes that were scaled 1-10 with different scenarios on how I felt or how I react. From the results it said I have med anxiety severe depression and PTSD. No meds (yet?) just working on coping skills to get through the day to day. It has been great so far.
For me my anxiety and depression ended up being related to PTSD.  For PTSD (from childhood trauma) CBT has limited effectiveness. I have been in trauma therapy for close to two years. You mention you are anxious about the past so perhaps you've had some traumatic things happen in your earlier childhood? Because that shit often does not surface until years or decades later...I would go to a therapist.  I would not see a psychiatrist right off the bat. I think psychiatrists get paid alot of money to hand you drugs like they are candy and they are super-quick to diagnose the problem as a problem that drugs can cure.  The problem is not the anti-depressants it's assuming that anti-depressants are the only fix needed...I would therefore see a therapist and bring up what all of your symptoms are.  If your therapist thinks anti-depressants can help you they will refer you to a psychiatrist but then I would still continue to see the therapist as well. Anti-depressants are not the problem - they are a solution - but the problem is people thinking it's the only thing they need to feel all better. ..I actually had a friend fall into this trap and after she did not feel better from just anti-depressants after nearly a year she relapsed...Also CBT often seems like an "easy" fix (relatively) because it's just about changing one's thoughts so I think people get caught up in what seems like a simple solution - "Oh I just change the words in my head yay!" but anxiety and depression are often not the *problem itself* but rather an underlying problem's *symptoms.*  So be open minded to checking out other therapeutic efforts too.
Getting on depression medication kept me sober. I didn't get on them until about a month ago but up until that point I was a mess. I wasn't doing anything I was partaking in obscene retail therapy to try and find some happiness and I was mentally isolated from everything. Getting therapy and medication balanced all that out for me. The impulsiveness has gone and I don't feel the crushing weight of anxiety when I talk with others or just simply think about the future. ..Not sure how much my results can be generalized but if you genuinely suffer from depression it can be a life changer
I did CBT for a year along with breathing exercises taught by my therapist to reduce stress.  Honestly it didn't do much.  I'm just an anxious person as are my parents and siblings so it seems pretty hardwired.  The principles of CBT and breathing only worked after medication was added. ..I started medication last april and the difference was amazing after a couple months.  It also helped with some depression stuff.
In addition to medication and CBT exercise meditation and better work habits (stress is a big factor that contributes to my depression) all help...Early sobriety is really an emotional rollercoaster. I was swinging all over the place for several months. It took a while to settle down and realize that depression was an issue for me. When I did get treatment I was in a place where I could work on it and really make progress...Burns' "[Feeling Good](http://www.amazon.com/Feeling-Good-The-Mood-Therapy/dp/0380810336)" was the best $6 I've ever spent on myself. It was suggested to me for anger issues but helped a lot with my depression.
For my anxiety and depression I'm on Lexapro see a therapist 1x/week exercise (boxing) 4-5x per week and go to about 4 AA meetings a week. Honestly the boxing is the most help but the "cross-training" of all of them keeps it from boiling over. It's a medical condition. Go see a psychiatrist most definitely. They will help. 
I have depression and anxiety and quitting alcohol and getting on Lexapro are the best things I've ever done for myself. I don't loathe myself any more I don't get into the same negative obsessive thought patterns I enjoy other people's company I get a lot more done. I also see a therapist weekly exercise about 5 times a week and go to AA meetings at least 4x/week. I also have some good hobbies that get me out of my own head; volunteering singing in a choir playing piano taking care of my cat and my friend's dog...I realize you may work more hours per week than I do and may not have time for all of this - but a therapist and (possibly) medication are the most important. Medication doesn't really make you happy all by itself but it brings you up to a more stable level that you can't drop below and helps you have the energy to make other positive changes in your life (like exercising which REALLY helps).
Yes indeed. I found that after I quit drinking the very next thing I needed to do was deal with the anxiety disorder I'd basically been "treating" with alcohol. SSRI Medication therapy and learning CBT principles were all helpful to me. Another thing that helped a lot was exercise. I strongly recommend exercise (no specific type: whatever works for you) in addition to the other tools. 
I'm in the process of trying to figure this out. I know for sure though that alcohol will just make things worse because it is a depressant. I had a therapist tell me that because I was a diabetic with coronary issues as well that I'm a prime candidate for clinical depression. I'm not sure I get that but I know how I feel (apathetic emotionally bankrupt useless) and I really have no reason to feel like this. And I think it may be getting worse. I hope not. Good luck with your situation  
