-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46ouph/sober_for_7_weeks_its_getting_hard/

I started off this year so great! I quit drinking AND smoking cigarettes. A week later I started a cleanse and gave up sugar and dairy and a lot of foods for 30 days. Everything felt so great. And easy! I made it through some rough stuff with the boyfriend without any of my favorite crutches!!! (Cigs booze sugar) And then my 30 days was over and I started eating all food again and I feel gross because I binge eat and can't stop. Also things with the boyfriend feel like they aren't going well either. I'm almost at the "fuck it" point: why not just get drunk this weekend while I'm out of town?? Why not? I already feel disgusting.....Because this is what I do. I fuck shit up. Even though it feels so good to eat healthy and take care of my body I have this insane compulsion to make myself feel bad. I know where drinking will go. One night I might be able to hold it together and maybe not black out before bed. But the next night I won't remember things for hours. And then I will come home after my trip and be like "Well I already drank. Why not have shots after work?" And then I will wake up every morning feeling gross and promising myself I won't do it again but by the time I get off work the bottles will be right there.....I have an impulse control problem..Sorry for the rambling. I just need someone. Most of my friends have drinking problems so they don't take mine seriously and I don't want to tell my mom I'm struggling. 
----------immediate responses--------

Cutting too much out at one time is just too hard in my opinion. If you are drinking and struggling with that sometimes you might need a cigarette or some sugar to help you get by. Just practice on cutting back in the meantime. Then when you feel comfortable enough with no drinks then cut out the cigs. Make a plan what you think will work best for you in the long run. I had many drunken nights where the thought of no drinks eating healthy working out and waking up early sounded amazing. Starting tomorrow! I could maybe do it for a few days but would always fail and feel miserable. In reality the process is slow and its more of making those things habbits and working up to them.
Was that Whole30 that you did?  I've tried twice and got too hungry to continue because I didn't have time to cook enough and I also got bored with what I did cook.  But for the time I was able to stay compliant I felt great.  I agree with Seusstein and I would add that cutting out booze is priority #1 for me.  If you smoke and drink together maybe cutting both out at the same time works better.  But any more than that is too much at least for me.  Now that I've been sober for 7 weeks I want to cut down on sugar and dairy but not to the extent that I feel like drinking instead. I try to avoid being Hungry Angry Lonely or Tired (HALT) because they can lead to the fuck-its.
The thing about "Fuck it I'll just get drunk this weekend" is that for a lot of us it means signing up to drink for anywhere from the next few weeks to a few years or longer. Determine whether you're in that boat too...When I feel an urge (to drink 'once') I ask myself "You really want to get drunk every night for the next few weeks? Because that's what it will lead to. Don't bullshit yourself." ..And the answer is no...I just want to get drunk tonight. But I know that's not an option or else this sub wouldn't be my favorite place on the internet...You've made a lot of great changes it sounds like. Nice work. A person can scale back or relax an effort without setting the whole fucking thing on fire.
I faced the fuck-its a few times. That is a dangerous mentality. But you know how a coach might call a time out to just stop the momentum of a game when his team is getting trashed? I kindof would do that too. Time really can put out those fuck-it thoughts. I just would think that "you know what? It DOES matter. What I am doing DOES matter to me."
Society social media the internet etc would have us believe that our quality of life is going to magically become insta-perfect when we cut these things out. The truth is binge eating eating the wrong things sugar whatever- this doesn't make you disgusting or gross or a failure. This just makes you human. For what it's worth I think that quality of life depends on a far more holistic approach than just cutting things out. I understand and agree that good diet and exercise is one part of it but I cut things out and replaced them with other things too. You've just done 7 weeks without booze. That's actually fucking awesome. If anyone deserves some bloody cake it's you. You've got *all your life* to deal with these things- go easy on yourself. 
That's a lot of change. I personally needed to take it easy.. I'm still not eating great but I know I'll get there. I did quit smoking at the same time I quit drinking because I've been trying to quit both for years and they seemed to go hand in hand but I switched to vaping instead of smoking. I would try to take one thing at a time. Take a deep breath and be good to yourself. You're still doing great.. Quitting drinking unfortunately did not fix all my problems but it has made it a lot easier to deal with them. 
In my experience I find it best to change one thing at a time allow the new habit to form (which will create other secondary habits)...There's a great post on here which describes how to handle a case of the 'fuckits'. I've found it useful in the recent past. Here it is-..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/428xyx/how_to_deal_with_a_case_of_the_fuck_its_xpost/..
I think it is awesome you have gone 7 weeks you know you are strong so stay that way.
I agree with everyone one else; I think you might be trying to overhaul too much at one time. I know this because I am guilty of the same thing. I am a very extreme "all or nothing" personality...and when things are going good it's great but if I start to falter a little bit then the "F it" thoughts creep in. ..I have to remind myself all of the time that this journey is about progress NOT perfection. Be kind to yourself. 7 weeks sober is a big deal and you're doing great!
