-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46p955/i_think_im_dealing_with_this_like_a_champ/

Hey guys  just wanted to share something Im proud of myself for  but also looking for support thru this hard time. My sister (19) got sick and had to go to the hospital. They found out she had severe pneumonia in her left lung. They also stated that her kidneys were at 30% function. .Lemme tell ya  hearing that scared the shit out of all of us. Poor girl. So a few hours pass with an oxygen Mask and she starts to really struggle with breathing. They had to knock her out and intubate her. .So we were like ok this is it she'll take her antibiotics and get better and well go home. Nope  dad and his family who we haven't talked to for 6 years show up to cause even more problems. Worse for my mom than me  I've moved on but the scars they've inflicted on her reopened some unwanted feelings for her. .All of a sudden they start talking about surgery for her Lung and decide to send her downtown for emergency surgery  like what how can it be this bad why can't she get better! Poor girl. ..The surgery lasted 8 hours when it shouldve lasted four. Things went South in there  like near death South. My mom almost fainted from the stress thank god I had transportation (suspended license) so I could be with her. After waiting finally the surgeon shows up and explained what happened. When we saw her we couldn't recognize her. Tubes and machines everywhere. ..She was really on the edge there. ..She's been sedated for about a week now. Supporting my mom and staying strong has taken a toll on my energy and emotion but I'm dealing with it. ..But throughout all this when I stayed at home alone till midnight  I didn't run to the gas station even though I wanted to so bad. I didn't look for my mom's alcohol. I didn't do any of it. Had lots of emotions to live through but even though it was soooooo tempting and I could almost taste it  I didn't  because fuck alcohol. ..I wanted to share because for me  a 22 year old  overcoming this addiction has been so hard because I've grown up to be a lone wolf  to deal with life by myself even though I have so much love around me. So for me to trust myself to not pick that can of beer over an energy drink means so much because it shows that I have a will and that will is growing stronger. Best of love and thanks for reading. Pray for my sister  and God bless you guys.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so glad to hear that you're choosing to stay sober through a difficult time. I havew an agreement with myself head of time that NO MATTER WHAT happens no matter how overwhelming my feelings are I will not drink because drinking will only make things so much worse...I have you both im my thoughts.
I am thinking of your sister my friend at this very difficult time. ..I think you are most certainly correct; you should be enormously proud of yourself as I'm sure your family are also. You can't underestimate how much it means to parents to have their children support each other through thick and thin. Despite what your mum is going through I fully expect each hug each word of support you give to her will be priceless and had you not been there (mentally due to you know what then she would instinctively know that). You are are and are becoming a man who can be trusted relied upon and a credit to your family. 
Wow that's some shit to deal with. I wish your sister all the best and hope you can continue to fight the urge to drink. Play it forward and imagine how proud you will be that you got through this sober.  ..You can do this! x.
