-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46qpp4/six_months/

Hey all I just wanted to pop in and share with you this little victory of mine. It's been a while in the making for you see I actually started trying to fix my drinking habits about eleven months ago. So this has been prefaced by months of going back to the bottle making new accounts here trying moderation and even trying to change everything else to accommodate my drinking. ..It's still very early and the dangers of relapse and the need for vigilance are as high as ever. I am by no means done. That said it's light-years simpler and easier now. Things like choosing sober people and sober places are the default in my life now rather than the option I choose because I know it's the right one. If you're just starting out or have been having trouble making a go of it I'd strongly encourage you to keep going - if I can get here you surely can. ..I'd say the biggest benefit is that I feel I'm more and more comfortable with myself once again. Not having the option to drink has made me think more critically and honestly about my life and who I am. If not answers I've definitely found a lot of good questions I'm excited to answer. It's not easy but the parts that are hard I've found to be the parts of life that are normally hard - the parts that can help me grow if I work hard through and with them; a growth denied to me when I was drinking because it was so easy to hide from it. Learning to say no has been a great skill that's come out of this. ..One practical way things have gotten easier - I no longer have a time I'm worried about not drinking. You know like 'how will event x be if I don't drink?!' By sticking to some of the principals I've learned here I guess I made it through enough of those times that their mystery has lost its edge. Also I don't feel my sobriety is something that it's OK to sacrifice because it's not as important as say drinking with that friend I haven't seen in a while. ..My challenge going forward is making sure I don't get too complacent and start thinking that I can drink again. Spring/summer may be a challenge and if it proves to be so I have skills and tools now to return to (more regular visitations here being the key). ..Much love.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  Your perseverance is paying dividends!
Love your post. I get it.
YOU'VE COME SO FAR!!!  I'm very excited for you!
I am right behind you so reading posts like these are very encouraging. Thank you so much for sharing and know that you helped me out by writing this. Keep up the great work. You are awesome! 
