-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46swlk/a_question_for_those_who_have_abstained_for_a/

Do you ever not think about sobriety? Will there come a time where I go about my day and not be aware of this lifestyle change I've made? I'm coming up on four months and I still feel so attached to this struggle of Me vs. Alcohol.  It's not a bad thing necessarily because I am doing well in life but I don't want to be so consumed with not drinking.  I just want to live. Any thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

The struggle and preoccupation lessens in time. My identity is that of a happy sober person. There is peace. 
I have a bit over 32 years sober. It is simply part of me now. For the most part no conscious thought either way...I does not get in the way of my life nor does it ever feel I am missing out on anything...The Me v Alcohol thing? Not so much anymore. The thought of getting a drink really does not occur to me.
I'm only on day 9 so I'm not sure about the booze but I can share my experience when I quit smoking 12 years ago. At first everything I did I was conscious of not smoking.  It consumed every thought it seemed starting in the am with here I am getting up and not lighting up here I am making coffee and not smoking now I will sit and drink my coffee while I'm not smoking.  It was awful for months until it wasn't. Now I don't notice that I don't smoke. It doesn't cross my mind it's so not a part of me.  I hope that not drinking becomes like the smoking did. I don't want to think about it either.  
I am a few months shy of 2 years sober and I still think about it all the time.  I'm not suffering - that's not it.  I'm not wanting a drink if that's what you mean by this. I wasn't sure what you meant by this...Basically I do not want to drink - so that is ok.  But I do still think about my sobriety alot. Like mostly that I can't believe I'm sober and that my life is so frickin' different now! I can't even believe it.  I walk around in shock daily still in awe that *I* am so different. ..Seriously I'm so different you have no idea.  It's crazy. 
With apologies to Meg Ryan in when 'Harry met Sally':  "Yes. Yes! YES! YEESSSS!"..I first had to learn to "Stop Drinking".  That took a lot of energy.  I had been drinking for over 20 years steady and heavy the last few.  I had patterns and habits.  I practiced drinking everyday for almost 10 years.  Everyday.  Everyday.  Lots and Lots of practice. About 4000 days of practice; and I worked hard at that practice.  I got good at it!..Changing that took a lot of energy and practice.  I was afraid of failing.  I did 147 meetings in 90 days.  I went for fellowship I journaled I fought urges and cravings.  I got Involved with the Work and the Steps.  I got a sponsor.  I spent a lot of time on Step 4.  I worked though all the steps.  And you know what?  The 9th Step Promises came true for me!..I can't tell you when but one day I noticed I wasn't thinking about "Not Drinking".  I was being alive and present in SOBER LIVING.  What a joyous place!  I didn't thing about taking a drink.  I didn't WANT a drink.  It didn't bother me to be around people drinking.  ..Now I focus on my life; a Sober Life.  I reflect in the morning.  I engage in acts of kindness.  I do service work with alcoholics.  Not because I'm thinking about drinking or not drinking but because I know people are in pain are seeking support are where I used to be and people were there for me.  I know that this "condition" will kill you.  See https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46kenl/buried_my_brother_please_reach_out_to_loved_ones/..I have a great life.  More blessings than I can count.  I have a great professional career.  I believe that if you keep going it will be there for you soon!  (I found that the more I think about others the faster it comes for me). ..You are alive.  You are healing.  You Will Just Live! 
I would personally be very worried if I ever went a day without thinking about my sobriety. For me staying sober and being happy joyous and free in my sobriety requires conscious effort and if I am not constantly mindful of this it is far too easy for my to slip into complacency. And for an alcoholic like me complacency is the first step on the road back to drinking...That being said it *does* stop being a daily struggle with time. Like the AA Big Book says "We have ceased fighting anything even alcohol." When I learned to stop fighting and simply *be* my thinking patterns towards sobriety changed. I no longer resent sobriety for being constantly on my mind; instead I consciously choose to meditate on it daily because I know that I NEED to if I want to stay sober... And I truly want to stay sober.
Well for starters if my only options are being consumed with sobriety or drinking I'd still pick 'consumed with sobriety' any day...I'm not sure if I'm as long term as you're looking for but I don't *think* I think about being sober everyday...? I mean most days but it's because I feel so fucking awesome. ..I think about all kinds of things everyday - errands pets dinner stressing out about finding a job when I graduate.... sobriety is just one of them. ..Does it bother you to think about it? I don't feel tempted to drink at all but I certainly am proud and stoked to be sober...
Things got easier for me after four months sober something clicked I was less escaping from alcohol I accepted and embraced sobriety as the way I wanted to stay and set about building more into my newly sober life. Whilst I must stay vigilant I'm just getting on being a non-drinker quite happily I much prefer life now I'm in my own driving seat! I don't really struggle with thoughts but I appreciate the opportunity to reflect on not drinking here as I've years of faulty thinking to straighten out!
I think of sobriety every day many times a day. I feel like it's the price of staying sober. I'm afraid I'll forget where I came from. I still do the same shit I did in the beginning every day. Sometimes I think about taking a drink but the miracle is I never obsess on it any more. It's a thought I get and I can dismiss the thought. 
Yes. When I quit I had tried too many times and gave up. Alcohol won there was no me vs. It. I dont think about it much except to be excited for an anniversary. Its been quite easy for awhile now
For me sobriety is just a facet of how I am part of my DNA as it were. So while it is not in my conscious mind 24/7 it is always in my unconscious. It is not a struggle or a war just an aspect of my personality.
I rarely think of drinking now but I am afraid of not thinking about sobriety.  For me that seems like the path back to drinking.  That is from experience it's easy to imagine not actively reminding myself that I had a problem and stopped for a reason and then very slowly forgetting why this was so important in the first place.  Further down that road is drinking for me.  Back in 2008 I was 6 months sober (to the day) when I stopped going to meetings.  6 months after that (to the day) I got a call that my dad had died and decided it was Ok to drink again.  It took about 7 years to stop again.  When I did finally stop it was because. I was convinced that trouble was inevitable if I didn't. So personally while I agree with your sentiment (sometimes dwelling upon sobriety does get tedious for me) I am convinced that I need to stay actively sober.  But I will also add that it's not a struggle to not drink at this point so there's that.  Sorry if this comes out rambling; /u/vine969 stated my point more eloquently elsewhere in this thread.
Absolutely 100% yes. I don't give alcohol a second thought now. It occupies my mind almost never. I go out to eat and ignore the wine list. I grocery shop and easily pass the beer. Simply put. I am a person who doesn't drink - and there are millions of others who don't for one reason or another. .
I'm truly living now! The only time I really think about my sobriety is when I stop and realize how grateful and thrilled I am to be alive AND healthy! I practically shout "Thank you God for my sobriety!" This after 25 years of misery. My worst day sober is better than my best day drunk.
Alcohol is part of my life whether I drink or not. I probably have a string of DNA that spells Bacardi. This being said: I spent part of my 20's fighting in &amp; out of AA so alcohol was a daily issue (drinking or not). Then I quit from 30 to 42-ish. 12 years sober. But toward the end I started thinking I was winning. Plus my life had turned around. I thought less ans less of myself as an alcoholic. And guess what: I relapsed for ten years. Back to square one...Mystery or miracle I came back to AA almost six years ago. Today I think of alcohol every single day. I go to meetings I read and post on SD I read AA litterature. I don't want this to stop. My life is tuning around. I am better at my work than ever. Money started coming in. Things are going well. But I need to remind myself that I am an alcoholic and that my next drink is just an armleght away which is probably around 24 inches. That is not a lot.
I'm a newbie at this too and I'm fining the answers here interesting. Thank you. Hopefully there will be a time when I don't go do battle with the demon. 
Unfortunately yes.  And when I did stop thinking about sobriety I threw 9+ years of it under the bus.  Took me six to get back here but I would have 15 years now.....It's not like it has to be a compulsion forever perhaps although it rightfully is for me now but allowing myself to take my sobriety for granted or to think I could take shortcuts ("manage it") or stop doing the side-by-side work that I need to do along with not drinking would be dangerous.
Yeah if that is your goal then it can happen. That was my final goal. I'm not an alcoholic or a recovering alcoholic or a problem drinker or in recovery etc. I don't take it a day at a time. I'm not a sober person. I'm not a person with X many sober years and Y number of sober days. Everything about alcohol is in my past. There is nothing about alcohol that defines me...I'm just some guy that simply doesn't drink...When I was 115 days in I was still thinking of drinking. When I was 300 days in I was planning to relapse. When I finished a year I was planning to do another year but still keep it open afterwards if I wanted to drink. I finally decided I never wanted to drink again. And it wasn't so much about drinking alcohol that got to me it was about THINKING of drinking alcohol that was bothering me. I didn't want to have to think about it anymore and the only way I could do that was if I gave it up for good. That was 500 days in. So yeah you can be the person you want to be it just takes a change in attitude and that can take awhile..
&gt; but I don't want to be so consumed with not drinking...I didn't either; however I was consumed with drinking for like 15 years so being consumed for a few hundred days with not drinking was a small price to pay for relief. ..I spent years saying "I won't go to recovery meetings because that would just be trading one addiction for another!!" 400 days later I sorely wish I'd bitten the bullet sooner. I did feel like a crazy person with a one-track mind for several months but I wouldn't trade it for anything. Healing takes time but it's what we want right?..For me it's gotten a lot less consuming and more natural. I still choose to pay attention to the concept though (by posting here for example) just to maintain self-awareness. But it's not a daily struggle. This happened gradually. I will say that I am lot more mindful of my moods and actions and place in the world and such than before I quit drinking but it's not a bad thing just a sign of better health I think. At some point the focus switched from obsessively avoiding alcohol to actively trying to live well. :)
In my experience the obsession was lifted. However I have had the obsession lifted several times in my life previously and I ended up going back out and causing more wreckage. Now I try not to let myself forget I am an alcoholic by attending meetings and getting involved in sober activities with sober people. I just found out about this sub and will incorporate it into my sober routine. ..It becomes less painful with time and effort though at least it has for me. 
I like to think I live my life on my terms.  ..Thing is the lifestyle change is so positive it's hard not to think about it - and since "giving back" is a part of maintaining it I guess I am involved in it pretty much every day but it's not a burden and can be a great joy.
Like most of these dinosaurs are saying at some point it just becomes a natural part of your life. 
When I dealt with why I drank (reasons/causes) and sorted that out the 'white knuckle period' was over.  I have a strong suspicion that those who never get at the root cause are doomed to fighting those feelings that helped the alcoholic obsession all along.  116 days - good job buddy.
