-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46vaiv/two_years_ago/

My son was born. The three days my wife and I spent in the hospital were remarkable for many reasons. Relevant to SD those three days were the longest I had gone without drinking in months. Months I was actively trying to moderate curtail control or reduce my drinking. It took another three months of struggle before I finally fucked up enough to say this  has to be it  and sought outside help...My kids were huge motivation for me. I got sober for myself sure but so I could be a better father so I would no-longer endanger them. I feel choice validated most days. i got some welcome external validation yesterday when friends complimented me on my patience and enthusiasm playing (and dealing) with kids. ..Stopping drinking is hard. It took more than a year for me to find something that clicked and helped my string together more than a few days at a time. ..Stopping drinking sucks. Withdrawals suck. Cravings suck. Emotions suck. Life sucks. ..**Stopping drinking is so worth it.** 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday to your son! ..He is lucky to have a father who will be there for him by choosing not to drink and focusing on his well being. Stay strong and great things can happen!!
Happy 2nd Birthday e_j  junior!! Stopping drinking is one thing but dealing with life's ups and downs sober is another and like you rightly say it's hard bloody hard some days but I wouldn't give up my sobriety for anything or anyone why? Sobriety has given me so much more than drinking ever could!! Here's to being present for our kids. Hope your little man has a super day 
Happy Birthday son of /u/embryonic_journey!!!!! YAY
Well done.   ..I promised my self I'd quit when my second was born.  But I didn't. ...Passing out at 3 am after killing a liter of vodka and then being woken by a crying baby 90 min later is a special kind of pain. 
My stuggle is similar but have tried and failed to quit many times since he was born. I keep telling myself that I have been given two choices: my son or alcohol.  When put in a black and white (and sober) context the answer is ridiculously simple. Life is not black and white but I think individual choices in the moment to drink or not to drink can be black and white. 
Congratulations on two years! It's amazing how much more enjoyable being a father and partner can be when clear-minded and sober. 
&gt;Stopping drinking sucks. Withdrawals suck. Cravings suck. Emotions suck. Life sucks...I've always loved life no matter what but I agree with the rest of those.  I certainly did things and made decisions that made life harder and less enjoyable but that was me not life.  I hope I remember how much withdrawals and cravings suck because I never want to go through this again.  Too much of my life has been and is being wasted on feeling crappy. ..Congrats on 635 days!!!!..[edited because math]
Happy birthday to your son! And happy anniversary of your first three days sober! Getting three days in a row is damn hard and now you've got 635! 
