-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46vdqv/im_calling_today_the_last_day_of_my_old_life/

Tomorrow is my one anniversary of being sober. I'll probably also post then because I can't outwardly celebrate it. I'm sorry...This whole last year had been me fighting with my previous self. Constantly reminding myself that's not who I am. That's not who I want to be. Everyday was a struggle but the fight was worth it. ..Even though I know the war isn't over. That drinking and consequently relapsing are very plausible events in my future. I feel differently towards the situation. No longer am I overcompensating for who I used to be. Now I'm just me. I'm exactly who I wanted to be. ..The date is just a date. It will pass like all birthday's do but it's not just a date to me. It's my birthday I chose for myself. It's the day I gave myself my life back. It's the day I decided to start loving myself again whether I knew it at the time or not. Tomorrow is that day and I'm so ready.
----------immediate responses--------

What is that going to look like for you?.
Just in case I miss the post Happy Sober Birthday!  Congrats on being who you want to be.
Why can't you outwardly celebrate?   ..We are willing to help you here and in dinosaurs in recovery of course but by my reckoning you are entitled to a round of applause in real life too
&gt;It's my birthday I chose for myself. It's the day I gave myself my life back...At meetings they talk about birthdays and I wondered why they didn't just call them anniversaries.  I thought they were just being cute.  Now I understand.  Thank you and congratulations!!
I am so happy for you; reaching this milestone is not easy nor does it come quickly! You deserve all the praise in the world for letting go of that invisible crutch and learning to walk in the world as you again. Congratulations. 
You shout it out loud and proud.   ...I'll never get tired of hearing people tell me they hit a year. ...Well done!!
Here's to new beginnings.  May every day continue to be full of promise for you!
Congrats one one year!..&gt;That drinking and consequently relapsing are very plausible events in my future...I worked on this after one year. I had to make sure it wasn't plausible at all. 
Hugs and kisses baby....your new life begins never look back I am very proud of you and your accomplishment....
Congratulations! I love that yoi describe your sober date as the birthday you chose for yourself - what an awesome way to think about it.  You are amazing and an inspiration
