-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/473nz3/the_relapses_get_worse_i_have_to_stop_this_time/

I went about 46 days I was so proud of myself I looked amazing lost weight skin was clear eyes were bright and in a vain way that was keeping me going. I had such a clear head. But the one thing that was killing me was the depression I had broken up with my partner and we we're still keeping in contact. We both didn't know breaking away completely was the thing to do. I've now quit the job I was working with him and I'm back to day 3. About a week ago we had a staff party and I decided to drink...Long story short I Cried and screamed and abused him in front of my friends his friends and made a complete fool of myself. I'm still so embarrassed. I knew after that I had to stop but I couldn't I drank my way through the next week showed up at his house so drunk I couldn't even walk yelling and screaming. He called my mum to pick me up. ..I never acted like this in the past even when drinking. It's turned me into a crazy woman. I can't keep in control even in the slightest why I wonder? I was quite a functional alcoholic beforehand with the occasional embarrassment but this was just so un like me I'm usually very calm and reserved...The withdrawals are even worse than last time but I know I have to get through them. The loneliness shame and depression is horrible. I can't even bring myself to see supportive friends. ..To top that off Iv'e got a terrible case of fear of missing out I'm constantly jealous of normal drinkers who can go out and have fun not go overboard not have to drink every day. I thought I could get back to that point but I just can't. It's over for me. Goodbye my old friend alcohol and goodbye to my ex (he's cut contact completely) and goodbye to a lot of friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

For all of those goodbyes there will be a hello...Welcome. I'm so glad you're here. I promise you - it can get better.  
I had that envy of normal drinkers too it's quite common among us. Accepting that I was not a "normal" drinker and never would be was one of the hardest parts of getting sober. I'm sorry to hear about your breakup but it sounds like you are gathering the strength to move on. Take it easy on yourself and make sure you get lots of fluids with electrolytes &amp; B vitamins that helped my healing along quite a bit.
Hi sorry for the breakup but if we choose to drink it will not suck any less. Hope you stay sober today!
I saw a doctor because of concerns about withdrawal. Medicine is available to make detox safer and easier. Alcohol withdrawal is not to be taken lightly. ..My relationship with alcohol was like a love affair gone bad. Like you it was one of many losses. However with the help of rehab therapy and AA I have built a happy sober life. I am no longer envious of people who drink alcohol. My bucket is full. 
