-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4744oq/i_need_to_break_out_of_this_cycle_again/

Hello SD I came to y'all for support back in November and although I was able to make some headway initially the holidays and get togethers got to me and well... I haven't been able to quit since. I just want to quit again any tips from those that have relapsed? 
----------immediate responses--------

Just for me everything has to be about stopping drinking. And building a support network as quick as possible--using it relentlessly.  But I've only got a few days this time so take it with a grain of salt.
I know where you're coming from! I didn't really plan a detox as much as I realized my relapse made me so exhausted and so fuzzy headed and so sick that I came home and just went to bed instead of drinking...then I decided to spend the next day and the weekend in bed...away from the alcohol. I dumped what I had left and just hunkered down mentally dedicating the next four days to doing nothing but watching tv and eating junk food visiting SD drinking water and eating vitamins. I feel so much better that I'm really trying to give it a go.  The best thing that helped me was coming to this site every day reading and posting and signing the pledge that I wouldn't drink. Just the act of telling myself that I wouldn't drink today sent a message to my brain that created a pretty thick wall between my desire to drink and my willingness to act upon that desire.  I'm not into woo woo "science" but I think there really is something to the idea that you can influence your psyche just by talking to it and that you can alter your thinking by the way you act. Maybe I'm crazy but I'm really making an effort to come to SD regularly to recommit myself to sobriety. All the best! 
There's never a good time to quit but there is always a right time.    .I say that because quitting doesn't matter what's around corner I'd always have something. I stopped thanksgiving weekend and made it thru. St Patties is coming up spring break baseball season easter mimosas equinox!  I throw that out there because I can find any "special" time to put off quitting or lapsing. So I worked on rewiring brain.    ..I thought constantly about the pain stress and hangovers esteem anxiety money risks etc about drinking. All the bad to make me hate it. Then I thought about distractions to get me thru cravings and triggers; books this forum movies games hobbies fitness etc. I focused on positives I wanted and reminders to be my best self. But the best tool I found was active participation in SD. Saved my hide in early days.  I've got close to 90 days now. You can too we're pulling for you.
...Hallo! ..I hold onto board posts for a while. Are ya doing any better? .
