-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/475i74/everything_is_starting_to_look_up_and_i_want_to/

I haven't been as active on here recently but this place was a tremendous help getting me where I am now. Reading your stories and seeing people with a common struggle made things a lot easier. Advice I've gotten from people is priceless. ..Along my journey I have been rather down in the dumps but all of a sudden after this past weekend I feel great. I've already lost so much weight from my lack of alcohol calories I had to go on a diet to maintain weight. I wouldn't say I don't get an urge to drink here or there but overall I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything or like I should have a drink just because people around me are....My mind feels more clear than ever. It's like there was this fog of anxiety I never realized was there got lifted. Now that I spend every waking moment conscious I've put a lot more honest thought and effort into myself. Totally sucked ass at first but it had to be done and the results are great. I've definitely lost friends a lot at that but the ones I've kept and gained are far better relationships. Anyways we got this fam and thanks for being there.
----------immediate responses--------

Good words there. Right there with you. Keep it up. 
My own journey has been filled with A LOT of down in the dumps. Though there have been urges the mystery of booze in my life is shattered though and I'm glad I stuck with it. There were occasional moments of happiness that that reminded me it was all worth it trudging through the grey. It is :) There are many more bright days now. 
Ups and downs are part of normal life I've discovered.  It's just that life without alcohol has way more ups and fewer downs and even the downs are external to me like needing to have the car tested for emissions.  It is normal life.  So glad you are here with us!  :-)
Congrats. I'm kind of in the lonelydepressed stage right now but fighting through it. I will not drink with you TODAY!!
I hope one day you will find the time to repair the relationships that are important to you. I've had to do it myself on a number of occasions but I've found that others can be more forgiving than you'd expect. They really surprised me with their forgiveness all we have to do is take the first steps towards "building a bridge."
.Yeah weight is a second tier thing to deal with and I've gained a lot lately. I didn't keep any baselines during my sets of cycles so I don't have a comparison and I'm kinda over-eating now but weight management doesn't have the same emotional tone as alcohol in any capacity for me. ..So in other notes later I'll see what shakes out on the weight side. ..But those missing calories are at least becoming food calories! (Sorta!) .
