-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/478zoa/struggling_with_others_failing/

Right now I'm having a hard time with others relapsing or dropping out entirely.   Especially those I went to treatment with.   I guess it was two weeks ago I was in a meeting and found myself crying uncontrollably because I called three of my fellow rehab buddies and none of them responded.   After trying number four I found out why.  The previous three had all relapsed one going to the ER the night before with alcohol poisoning.   Luckily a guy from the rooms took me out for coffee and explained again the serenity prayer and that statistically I would find myself somewhat alone in my new found sobriety.  The last Saturday night I called a buddy to check on him and after a couple seconds he said "Tim killed himself."   He was reffering to one of our fellows in rehab.  It broke my heart but luckily it did not cause me to drink which in the past it would have without a doubt.   Anyone else going through this early on in this thing and if so what are you doing to stay sober?
----------immediate responses--------

Yesterday I wanted to drink because I lost 3 games in a row. There will always be a good reason to drink and your situation is hugely different and sadder than mine. Drinking won't bring back those 3 games and it will not help me winning the next games. In fact drinking would probably make the next games worst...I'm sorry for your losses but stay sober and strong alcohol won't solve your problems!
"They go out so we don't have to"..I watched more and more people start drinking and using again after rehab...2 others I went to rehab with stayed sober. 4 have died from addiction...Everytime I heard someone relapsed: I upped my game. In early days that meant going to more meetings. Now when I see people relapse I practice compassion and it forces me to take a really good luck at my life and my health and lifestyle choices...It's really really hard watching people go back out. I am sorry you're experiencing this. It's such a reality of my life (we do over 200 badge resets a day) that I forgot how painful it is.
I'm at a point now where I don't hang out with anyone who drinks or gets drunk.  I used to worry a lot about some people close to me and their drinking.  I realized it's not my problem.  No one could've saved me when I was drinking.
The guy who chaired the first AA meeting I went to(and now consider it my home group) took his life.  The guy who more or less sponsored me at the beginning went back out.  That one got me hard until I realized you can only extend a hand people got to want it.  Its a sad business.  . 
