-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/47j3ip/critique_my_plan/

i'm sick and tired of the roller coaster. quit relapse drink quit. ..i've done it enough to see a pattern so i should have the tools to make a plan. ..days 1-3. easy peasy. don't drink run in the am get all caught up on stuff. .days 3-6. dangerous. i get overtired and this always leads to coming home late hungry tired going to store and booze. .so ... i'm gonna plan a full week's meals out in advance and buy it all in advance or by noon at the latest. so when i'm home i'm done. .days 6-12. usually ok if i make it this far. lots of sleep. .days 12-30. somewhere in here i get "bored" and relapse.. i'm gonna keep a tally of the money i've saved and do something fun with it. .days 30+ never been. ..i'm going to try to make as many morning commitments to other people as i can to get myself in the habit of not being useless before 12. .i'm gonna read a recovery related book and i'm going to read SD once a day. .oh and i diet over zealously when i quit which makes me tired and vulnerable. no dieting till day 30.  .if i think i want to drink i will instead attend my first ever meeting instead. there's usually at least one a day around here. ..have i missed anything? ..i don't want to fail again. ....
----------immediate responses--------

It's great that you are able to reflect about what works and what doesn't and then make adjustments.  ..I'd recommend trying to hit up a meeting before you find yourself experiencing the urge to drink.  I think that the hardest part is just getting yourself in the car to the meeting.  If you're anything like me once you're there you may actually be surprised at how much you enjoy being there and/or feel like this is exactly where you need to be at that moment in your life. I was surprised by how much laughter there was at some of the meetings I've been to.  There are certainly plenty of folks in a lot of pain but there is a lot of joy and hope too.  There are folks there who have gone through hell and back with their addictions who have come out on the other side.  Hearing them talk gives me so much hope and also strengthens my resolve to stay away from a drink.  Being bored for a day is infinitely better than being hungover tomorrow or blacking out today and hurting or embarrassing myself.  .
Sounds good. Very "combatting triggers" focused. I'd just add a downtime itenerary. It helped me to try to have a list of able distractions to keep mind occupied. 
Remember HALT (Hungry Angry Lonely Tired). Any of these can be triggers. Try to foresee these situations and make a plan to avoid them. I agree with HopeIsAStrategy that meetings are so important -- plus they will help with the "Lonely" element.
Maybe attend your first meeting before you are in dire straights and want to drink? I have found meetings incredibily helpful. 
As for reading material The Tao of Sobriety helped me initially.  ..You already seem goal oriented and like a good planner so just remember to be present today. After all your life is just a bunch of todays and "right nows".  Maybe stop and take some mindful breaths throughout the day and remind yourself who is in control of your actions. ..There's real merit in the one day at a time idea.   Today you're in control.  Right now you're in control.  I used a daily mantra that reminded my self that alcohol only has power and control over me if I allow it to.  ..So maybe develop your own empowering mantra to repeat to yourself as you take 30 seconds to breathe mindfully each day.  In an IOP program I attended we used "I am an amazing person worthy of love honor trust dignity and respect" but use whatever works for you.  :)
&gt; oh and i diet over zealously when i quit which makes me tired and vulnerable. no dieting till day 30...I'm 4 weeks sober and I _think_ that you may have a point here. Maybe we're wrong and I hope someone with more sobriety will comment...In those 4 weeks the only thing I did was staying sober. I didn't diet didn't stop coffee didn't plan for gym (although I increased my overall activity... just because I was in better shape). I stayed sober only...I read somewhere that we have a limited amount of "will" and at the end of the day (when we're the most vulnerable) if there's no more "will" because we put it in everything else (diet gym stop coffee) we will fall into the traps more easily...I just begin to feel like I can add on top of sobriety and I know in long term that it will change my whole life... I just didn't do everything at the same time.
&gt; if i think i want to drink i will instead attend my first ever meeting instead..In my experience this is *not* and "if". It was a certainty. The key to my recovery was learning how to deal with that feeling (and all of those other feelings that I used to just drink away).
I looked up Rational Recoverys A.V.R.T. program i was feeling the same as you and this really helped I was sick of "trying" to quit. In reality I never really tried to quit before I was fooling myself. Now im at 30 days im 28 years old and this is the longest I've been without a drink in 10 years. .Their course is all free online takes about a half hour just a long slideshow really. Most effective and life-changing words I've ever read I cant reccommend it enough and hope you give it a try..I wish you all the best in your sobriety.
I know AA works for a lot of people but for me I find that it reaffirms to me that relapse is ok I know I can always go back to AA if I fail and there will be no repercussions. It makes me complacent because im surrounded by other people who have been through the same or worse..If you do decide to go and it dosnt work out dont give up hope there are many more resources out there.
well 3 days and i'm feeling good. today i have a lot going on tonight i'll be tired and tempted but i mad plans for the next 2 mornings that i can't break. 
