-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/47kvv7/feel_like_the_wondering_if_i_should_be_in_aa_or/

I have had up to a year and a half in AA our of my 6.5 years of sobriety. I dont have the slightest urge to drink  but life is challenging right now. My behaviors mainly around any dopamine inducing activity mainly sex and food are troublesome. I have to maintain a good sugar free diet and doing my best to stay off of internet pornography. But i have little slips with those things and they only embolden the messy room i'm living at under my parents roof at my age. Struggling to find an organization and motivation while pursueing art at the moment. During these times when my day is getting to a late start and ive been looking at some half nude youtube clip of something for an hour when it would seem like a better idea to be working on some artwork. These times and many other i get doubts start thinking back and probably over romanticizing my time and headspace while in the program. Its all roses looking back especially when im struggling now. But on good days  not being in AA and good times I am happy and content and in general always feel im more me and being true to who i am and what i believe by going on my own path. DO u ever find yourself either outside or inside the program wondering and having anxiety about being on the otherside?
----------immediate responses--------

About every couple of months I decide that I don't need AA and that I would in fact be better off on my own. And then by about week two of that I am restless irritable and discontent and so I call an AA friend or go to a meeting or even just put pen to paper and write a 10th step and tada! I feel better. I don't know why it works or how it works I just know that it does and there really is no downside to it so the only explanation I have for NOT doing it is that my trollish little alcoholic brain wants me all to itself so it whispers lies into my ears and I sometimes forget to not believe it. Tricky shit this alcoholism stuff. 
Having a sponsor and doing the steps made all the difference for me. 
I found that once it got me sober AA became even more important as I realized I had to do a lot of improving growing up and learning to live a happy life.  The steps and the people were the tools which helped me do these things.  
I did aa religiously for 3 years then took a break. I attend meetings from time to time to hear friends chair or pick up chips. What are the pros and cons of aa for you right now? Does it provide structure Comradery something to kill time?  I think the last time I went to a meeting was just because I was a bit lonely and had been home with a cold for a few days so going to a meeting was something to do. I have no interest in returning to step work or service work but I guess it's nice that meetings are there If I need them. I always got more out of the fellowsip than anything else.  Do you know what is bothering you about being outside of the program now? Can you do anything else to remedy that? I worried a lot about leaving the program and felt wierd about it for a while but I've come to terms with what aa means for me and how I should use it. 
Everyone has a different path to sobriety. It's all about finding the one of least resistance for you personally. 
