-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/47u2gb/day_3/

I've reached day three and i guess what im struggling with is the idea that i don't know who i am anymore. And weirdly enough that ill never be on a date with a pretty girl and have her offer me wine and well both catch a buzz and the rest will be history. To be fair hahah it is an oddly specific thought but it is one that has been bothering me. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are thinking way too much brother. Concentrate on the here and now otherwise the rest seems too overwhelming. When the time comes that you have that pretty girl on a date you can deal with it then (not to mention you won't talk drunken gibberish you will actually be  able to hold an intellectual conversation)
With all the change that it took for me to get and stay sober I thought I might just vaporize into thin air. As my sponsor told me that's why it's ok to make gradual process because there were definitely bad parts of the old me that were dying out while good parts of the new me were under construction. As long as I didn't "step on the ant hill" of change and squash it I was on my way to getting back to the real me and it had been a long time since I had seen that version of me...I found patience especially with myself to be of critical importance. I also gave myself some space (or maybe I should say that others actually gave it to me) to make the changes in me that I needed to make so I could once again be like other people except the kind that don't drink.                                                  
I think a pretty girl will actually admire you and be turned on to you more for the fact you don't drink!!!    You're more into her then a glass of wine!    Now that's pretty awesome!.It helped me not to think ahead... Just focus on today... every day.    Great things are ahead for you if you stick with this!   I'm enjoying and rediscovering so many wonderful things about me now... And about life!.Congrats on Day 3... That first week is tough but you can do this!!!    Keep checking in here every day.... We are here to support each other..(((HUGS)))
My transition took time. I didn't worry much about hypothetical possibilities and just focused on not drinking each day. Once not drinking became my new normal I really set about building my sober life and being comfortable with being sober. 
