-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/47zb8g/i_dont_know_how_to_deal_with_myself/

I finally hit 0.00 bac after I relapsed again last night. I called my SO to see if he needed a ride or anything and apparently him and all his friends were at our house drinking. I should have called my therapist for phone coaching but I didn't want to wake her. I tried to stay sober but I saw an opportunity to sneak alcohol and I took it. I blacked out and my SO saw me start crying so he took me to bed thank god. Don't know what I said or did. I feel so ashamed. We made a deal that if I can go a whole year we can get another dog. I thought it would be enough motivation but obviously not. I don't know how to live with myself. It felt like my therapist and I had a break through in our session yesterday about my why I self medicate with alcohol. I literally hate myself so much that I try to sabotage anything good in my life. I don't know how to heal. Maybe this isn't the right sub for this but I feel so alone and like such a failure. I lost 9 days of sobriety. It feels like all I'm doing is reinforcing my belief that I shouldn't be in this world. I can't do anything right. I just want to be done. Tomorrow I'm going to a smart meeting but I feel like I will just waste everyone's time. And I'm sorry for wasting this subs time with my BS.
----------immediate responses--------

You're not wasting our time. Alcohol brought me to some very very dark places mentally. Your brain probably needs time to heal. It sounds like you have a good therapist I'd go over what happened in detail with him/her. Going to a SMART meeting sounds like a good idea to. Don't give up on yourself! What kind of dog do you want to get? Spend some time surfing around the internet looking at puppies could certainly be a good motivator too :)
[removed]
I'm pretty new here too so I can't really give wise advice.  But there is an online chat that might help you.  Click on the sidebar link .---&gt;.under #stopdrinking IRC chat!  and good luck to you.  Let us hear about your SMART meeting tomorrow too.  
This sub is specifically here to help people suffering from exactly what you are describing. I don't in any way consider it a waste of time. It sounds as if you have clearly identified that alcohol is a problem for you but have not yet developed a plan for sobriety that works for you. Going to the SMART meeting is a really great way to get some support from people who have walked in your shoes and have some experience with maintaining sobriety that can help you. I had to "quit" drinking many times only to start again up until I went and sought help through AA. I haven't had to drink again since I walked into that first meeting. You were still sober for those 9 days - they aren't lost. You can start again immediately and be sober for the most important day - TODAY. My very best wishes to you!
I can really relate to what you are sharing.  For me quitting has been ongoing - if I fail I quit again.  I keep trying.  I have put together enough "9 days" and 3 months and years....every time I fall down I have more sober references to keep me going.  I have been sober for a month now this time around.  That feeling of despair that you describe was with me a month ago it is not with me now. I feel good.  I believe we can all feel good if we keep putting together the days and doing the work.  Hang in there!
I found that i needed some sober alcoholics in my life.  AA has helped with that...Have you taken the alcohol assessment quiz in the sidebar?     That is a good start at Step 1.
I don't think a dog would be enough motivation its an addiction and although I wish it were that simple it isn't. Just pick yourself up dust yourself off and get back on with it. It happened learn from it and move on. You can't spend time worrying about what you can't change.
I think this is a great place to share and try to work through things by posting.  It's hard when there's alcohol in the house in early sobriety.  Hopefully your SO is aware of that now and won't have his drinking buddies over for a long time.  There's nothing to be ashamed of - we have no control over alcohol that's all.  I'm also trying to learn how to live my life without alcohol.  One thing that is really helping me is going to meetings so I can see that there are many other people dealing with this as well and they look pretty normal ;)
Glad you're here and echoing several other posts you are important to this community!..Therapists are good.  For me in the beginning I needed much more frequent support.  There's a saying "90 meetings in 90 days" and i did 147.  Something like that can get you through the early days when it's most difficult.  It can set new patterns replace old habits and remove triggers that remind you of drinking.    ..The fellowship will assist with the "feelings of failure" and begin the work of progress.  It can happen pretty fast!..Let us know what you plan and how it works out!
By the way if your body and mind are now in the withdrawal process you are going to be in a heightened state of anxiety and all that. Right now your mind is probably not responding with a whole lot of positive messages and I totally get that. It happened so best to look forward and start moving ahead again.
You're not wasting my time -- only I get to decide that.  I appreciated something someone else pointed out today...in the sidebar you can see how many badges started and how many were reset in the past week.  I hope you can use it as solace that you're not alone -- over 300 people on this journey succumbed to alcohol this week for *some* reason and asked to have their badges reset. If "today" is too big think "the next five minutes" or "the next minute." Seriously -- when I have anxiety attacks all I can sometimes do is a one breath meditation; notice my breath in through my nose into my lungs down into my belly and notice my breath out of my belly out of my lungs out of my mouth.  Repeat as needed...It also sounds like you've got some other **BIG** stuff rolling around.....&gt;my belief that I shouldn't be in this world. I can't do anything right. I just want to be done...Please if that's true call the National Suicide Hotline at 1 (800) 273-8255. And please stay checking in on SD...Edit - format
Your brain healed a bunch in those 9 days.  Your progress isn't lost :)..Https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/ 
HEY HEY HEY HEY YOU JUST WAIT A GOD DAMN MINUTE! You're surely not alone! We both all go through this everyday...I went 7 days and craved! Just to let you know! YOU are not hear alone you are not the only one going through this you WILL get through this and guess what?! You will laugh at yourself and realize how much of a breeze this was! I've told myself over and over and over an over again that this was NOT the end! WE CAN DO THIS! /R/stopsmoking and WE have your back! SOOOOOOO Get the hell up and we gonna try this again...ma'am/sir....remember we all make mistakes!  I'm in New York by the way! ;-)
