-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/47zg1w/weird_new_cravings_anyone_else/

As my star counts it I've gone 544 days sober.  I feel very fortunate as this stint of sobriety has been "easy" compared to the other times at least in regards to cravings for alcohol.  NOW though I'm onto something more difficult and wonder if anyone else has experience with this...In addiction behavior I know it's not uncommon to replace one addiction with another.  While I've not boozed in 544 days I've struggled tremendously with sugary foods.  I'm not talking about a candy bar here or there; I'm talking about eating 12 of those disgustingly delicious Lofthouse sugar cookies in a sitting.  This habit started around 3 months when my family went out of town for an extend period of time which used to be an excuse to drink myself blackout drunk.  I decided to binge on something less destructive.  But here's my problem: I'm not sure how comfortable I am trading out one binge for another...  ..I maintain healthy weight.  Eat healthy between binges.  But the planning obsessing and craving are all too reminiscent of alcohol.  ..Has anyone else run into something like this?
----------immediate responses--------

.Yeah I'm on the front side of recovery but sugar craves is a well known thing and there's no easy answer. ..It might be interesting to talk to your psychiatrist because even though you have a nice crispy star Naltrexone and Wellbutrin Wiki pages say they might work together to slow down cravings and it's a new combo that I don't think is well known yet so if you point your psychiatrist in that direction then I'd love to hear the results! I'm pretty heavy myself and let the weight be its thing for a little while but I'll be facing this myself in a month or two!.
This is my second or third stint and every time ridiculous cravings for shit I'd never eat. I thought it would pass in another 500+ days though so maybe I need to do something about it...I don't normally eat ice cream but I can't stop eating chocolate and brownie. Once I start I just can't stop...about half litre. ..I'm one of the few that's put on weight since quitting!
I think the sugar craving is one of the reasons I drank.  I'm overdoing it with ice cream and chocolate but trying to be more aware and cut back.  If I cut sugar out completely I start snapping at people tho.  If you figure out the answer to sugar binges I think you'll become a billionaire by selling your secret.
I have struggled with eating problems since I was a teenager; once I started addressing my drinking problem I noticed that they parallel my struggle with alcohol. The obsessing and planning is a constant reality with food for me something I never really wanted to acknowledge until I started on addiction treatment. I definitely have found myself indulging (or restricting) in order to stave off the desire to drink which is not a useful or healthy coping mechanism. ..I try and use the tools I've learned in early recovery to help with this: meditation nutritional support pausing and trying to listen to my body and what it needs allowing myself to indulge the need for food as it arises so that I don't end up bingeing at the end of the day. I can heartily recommend some sort of therapy combined with a giant list of "busywork" hobbies that can distract me from my cravings or restrictions. Sometimes certain activities won't work but having a list keeps me from thinking I have *nothing* to do. 
I'm only 140 days but binge eating and particularly sugar binges are my #1 problem right now. They wreck my mood and my day and impact my relationship. hasnt gotten to the part about planning though. I do see a 7 lb rise and drop in my body weight every single week because I generally binge on weekends and eat perfectly &amp;a exercise during the week. Every fucking week. by Thursday or Friday I fit back into a medium shirt and then by Sunday I don't again. So dumb
Yes occasionally I'll find  myself obsessing and binging over candy (mm sour patch kids)..But I have been mostly vegan/raw for some time learned to get all my sugar from real/raw/whole fruit smoothies in the morning gives me a boost and keeps me full from binging...How about something simple like [nanaicecream](http://www.dailycal.org/2015/03/10/nana-ice-cream-recipe/)
Yeah I have had to deal with other addictive cravings. 
Yep sure have.
I'm having some major chocolate binges that have to be equally as bad for my teeth as the booze! ..I think I'm coming to the realisation that I'm an 'Addict' first and hat may never change and only temporarily an alcoholic. 
I have addictive sugar behaviors too. I had them before I really started drinking (high school) they stopped when i started drinking heavily and they have been back since I have been sober. I am talking about candy like jelly beans lollipops basically anything made of straight sugar. I think the sugar rush feeling may be feeding the addictive part of my brain. I also maintain a healthy weight and am very health concious otherwise. 
