-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/481f5l/struggling_this_morning/

I've stayed booze free for about two weeks now. I chose not to sign up for a badge because I wasn't truly sober. Instead of drinking I just smoked more pot. But yesterday was a real eye opener for me. My best friend failed a piss test and lost his entire career in a single phone call. The real kicker is he got me a job in the exact same company so the realization of me smoking really hit at home.  No more smoke for me. ..So today's been rough. My first real 24 hours sober in years. Anytime I quit one vice I'd just chose a new one. This time I can't pick a new vice and I'm just so lost and confused.  The urge to drink had been well suppressed until today. So I sit here at 5am trying my best to not go find a beer.  I don't like drunk me so I'm trying my best to muster up the courage to stay sober. ..I know this isn't exactly a quit doing drugs sub but I really need some help encouraging words from my fellow addicts right now. I will not drink today. I will not snort anything today. I will not smoke weed today. I think I might be ready to start my badge. Here's to trying true sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered looking for help outside of this sub? It's easy to disappear on the internet if you fail but if you have real-life people holding you accountable it might help you stay sober...Either way you have made a good choice I believe in you &lt;3.And if it feels overwhelming at first remember it gets easier every day. Just hold out until it does!
Welcome! Getting used to being sober took me time to adjust I found a substitution drink useful whenever I had an urge to drink. I also found distractions useful - gaming reading netflix walking. It wasn't always easy especially at first I learnt better ways of coping and being comfortable in my own skin.
It is really helping me to do the daily check in. You already did in this post  :-)  I believe you will do it.
[deleted]
I think once we get passed the chemical dependence of it all it is mind over matter. The only problem is we are all different. We all have to find out what makes us tick. I personally like to distract myself with other activities and constantly remind myself that I feel so much better and there is no high that is going to make things better. I know that I used to reward or comfort myself with food or booze. I can't do that anymore unless I want to die. I love my life and the people in it too much to throw it all away. I never forget why my sobriety means so much to me. When we forget is when we fuck up. Good luck and hang in there. It will get better. Just read the stories here. There is proof that it does.
So help yourself to a badge &lt;3 because we all do this sobriety thing one day at a time.  And that badge becomes so important that before relapsing I think about how hard it was to get this far and I don't want to lose that number.  I've had a few relapses but this is the biggest sobriety number since the day I started drinking...SD is amazing: you can say anything you need to and this community is just the greatest support network 24/7.  Your are really honest and that is a massive start.
It takes courage. Just focus on the day in front of you. No further. Every day just focus on making it to bed time. If you have friends that are interfering with your efforts you may need to put them off until your head clears and you can start thinking logically and try to get some help. AA or NA. Anything where you can talk to people who know what your going through. Good luck 
Ever since I was a kid Ive been big on exploring. Loved riding bike all over and wandering outside. Even going to large dept stores or mall somewhat satisfied the need to crawl around someplace checking out nooks and crannies. Unfortunately i married a woman who has turned into comolete homebody.  .So one of things I did getting sober was replace drunk with the natural highs that make me happy. Parks hiking exercising playgrounds with kids etc. It realky helped. 
.A couple days have gone by how are ya holdin' up? ..And yeah I'm lucky I managed to avoid the non-legal stuff and to lose a career on a test and a phone call yikes! .
