-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/482vmj/not_worth_it_relapse_stress/

Hey All! ..Not sure where this post is heading to be honest other than I need to get it off my chest. I've been thinking about how "one drink" wouldn't be a big deal. I could probably have a 6 pack get buzzed and have a good night...The issue is that I know that I can't stop once I've started. That 6 pack would end up with me lying to my wife about getting "only one more beer" and ending up bringing two in since they were "on sale". It will lead to missed mornings with my dog late arrivals to work calling in sick because i'm so nauseous that I can't get out of bed and the regret as well as anxiety that comes with the whole list above...Thanks for being here everyone. Day 1 or Day 500 I think it's important to revisit why we're sober. Here are a few reasons I won't drink today:..* I don't want to feel like shit tomorrow.* I want to be happy and every time I drink I am sad.* I want to focus on building a better relationship with my wife.* I'm better at video games when I'm not drunk and falling down IRL.* I have the power to choose/decide if I drink or not..I relapsed the day of my wedding. It went OK. Never told anyone but I drove us back half drunk. Went on our honeymoon and didn't have any issues. Anyways wasn't worth it. I would have rather spent that time sober with my beautiful and supportive wife. It took me almost a year to get back on the sober train. Don't plan on jumping off anytime soon...Anyways if you're thinking about grabbing that drink - it's 10 times out of 10 not worth it. Go grab a burger go for a run play with your dogs call a relative. All the above are a lot better than listening to the devil on your shoulder.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for checking in I'm glad yo're playing the tape forward on that thought!..I make sure not to crosss that line because no matter how temporarily appealing it might appear there's nothing good waiting for me the other side. I don't know what a relapse would cost me and I don't intend to find out. I'm better and safer this side of the line better off doing literally anything else!
Hello /u/NoWayNopr! Thank you for this informational and interesting post. It gives encouragement and a warning to others. Hope to hear more from you!
Nice job on thinking through the drink. A drink holds nothing but misery for me regardless of what my alcoholic brain tries to tell me. You raise a lot of the sources of that misery in your post: lying missing out on experiences because I'm just not present when drunk feeling physically ill risking my life (and others' lives) by doing foolish things like driving and feeling an overwhelming sense of shame. It's never the pretty picture that my alcoholism tries to sell me. Thinking past that first drink and looking at the YEARS of evidence I have of the true outcome of my drinking can really put that little voice to rest quickly! Nice post!
&gt; Day 1 or Day 500 I think it's important to revisit why we're sober...Well said!
&lt;3 thanks for sharing! Congrats on getting married and glad to have you here still :)
&gt;I've been thinking about how "one drink" wouldn't be a big deal...Why have you been thinking this? What is prompting those thoughts?..I see a whole post about the reasons you will not drink - which is good - but where are the reasons that you *wanted* to drink in the first place?  After getting some sober time under your belt you seem to have realized that drinking was an issue for you.  I see that you are focusing on why you want to be sober - which is fantastic but why are you/were you wanting to drink?
Good job thinking through the drink. What always gets me is the sheer detail of it all.. Look at all the shit you would have to analyze and excuse and plan for and deal with... And when I drink it just becomes an ongoing obligation to do all that shit. No thanks I'm retired. 
Thank you for posting this powerful reminder of how drinking destroys lives. Thinking through the action gives me pause too. I am glad you are here. 
Hey man thanks for the reminder. Day 3 here and resisting the urge. There's beer in the fridge where I'm at right now. 
I really like your second point that every time you drink you are sad. That's me. Sometimes it's a small part of me sometimes it is all of me but it makes me sad. I want to be better. I want to be happy. Thanks for sharing. 
God did I need to hear this right now. On my way to a date and the "maybe just one" voice is loud. Got to play it forward...
"I want to be happy &amp; every time I drink I am sad" .SO TRUE for me! Thank you for your post- I will not drink with you today! 
Love this post. 
