-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4832fv/fahrenheit_451/

Hello all...Let's talk milestones...Although I find it pleasant to see numbers accumulate I have sort of stopped paying attention to them...I feel like the longer that time passes the less I am conscious of the day to day struggle with the bottle it's becoming a faded memory filled with anxiety and regret at this point...In the beginning I was very proud of my first week month 90 days... Now I feel like I have normalized and it's just some time under my belt. ..Never in a million years did I think it was ever conceivable that I would be a sober person I think I am still in shock and disbelief. ..My point is I think I have embraced sober living so much that I almost don't want to give importance to the day count it's for the rest of my life why obsess over it......TL:DR? I have chosen to live to live in the now and not the in the past. .
----------immediate responses--------

I'm with you on that. I have been really enjoying how progressive sobriety is. My life is improving every day. It's nice to actually like who I am and no longer have to be relentlessly self-absorbed in trying to deal with my self-imposed misery. We all really only have today. I'm just grateful that the struggle with the bottle does fade with time although it remains only an arm's length away. I feel the reprieve that is being granted to me by maintaining my program of sobriety.
For me I was celebrating every week the first month and super thrilled to get my shinny new star. I am a few days away from my two month mark but its not the same anymore. The badge is good to look at/think about when I am having a rough day not wanting to reset it and def not wanting to go back through that first rollercoaster of a first month. However now that the pink cloud has dissipated I feel like my real struggle is and has been depression. Addiction and social anxiety are just side effects of it not that they should in a anyway taken lightly. The counter I find is still uplifting to me seeing how far I have gone and something to be happy about if I can't find anything else. Kinda feeling a bit of a fraud on here recently... idk...High Five 451!!
I look forward to my binary dates as each is twice the previous - however I forgot and missed 512 so my next one is 1024 days :)..The initial montly milestones really helped me. After passing a year I'm more comfortble just enjoying my life as a person who doesn't drink the day counts don't matter so much any more.
I love this post.  I have been having the same thoughts lately.  At some point we have to own the fact that we have chosen a life without alcohol and it is a wonderful choice.  
I half-pay attention to them - your particular intrigues me (as a sci-fi nerd) so I might celebrate that one.  ..But I agree - live in the now in what is to come.  I hated when people talked about how it ruined them etc - there's nothing wrong in reflection but I found a lot of sobernauts would stay in that reflective place almost as it was their defence mechanism to constantly remind themselves of the plight of addiction.  ..I didn't want to do that.  I live today not drinking and not regretting not drinking (around 99% of the time).  ..I still think of it as my high score - my gaming background gave me something good :)
