-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/484k93/admission/

I am finally ready to admit that I am an alcoholic that I need a support network and that it my first day of sobriety after a 4 day relapse. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! The first day I admitted my problem was so important that was the day I stopped drinking. This  place was a great support for me in working through things. ..What's your plans for today? 
Glad you made it back to the land of the living. A support network therapist and AA made it easier and more fun for me to be sober. Hope you find what you need. 
welcome!   let us know if you need any advice as you make your plan for long term sobriety!    ..Having a plan is important so that you can be sober not just dry.
Congratulations! That admission can be the key to a new life. Once I was ready to ask for help from people with some experience with maintaining sobriety I was given more help than I ever knew was possible. I chose to go to AA and it has absolutely changed my way of being in this world. All for the better. Welcome! Help is available.
Welcome to SD! Even tho I tried AA I really appreciate the always on nature of SD and is now my only and preferred recovery group setting. The checkins and sharing with others really help keep me on the straight and narrow. You can definitely do this.
Congrats! That first step is the biggest imo.  At first it broke my heart to call myself an alcoholic but now I find it freeing.  
Takes a lot if courage to say what you wrote here.  I'm glad you're here.  There is a ton of support and people who care about you right here.  Do have a plan of action?  There are useful ways to get started!..Keep us posted!
That's a huge step. Realizing I had zero control over alcohol was a major step for me. ..I wish you the best. Stay strong. 
Thank you to all who messaged me. It has been four sober days.  Today was tough day but as soon as I got home I checked in here and it really does feel better to know that there is a supportive community here.  Although I have known that my drinking was a problem I kept thinking I would "get a handle on it" and go back to being able to drink socially." I now know that is a fallacy in reasoning.  My plans to combat the triggers are: Get rid of the alcohol in the house try to complete either meditation or yoga engage in prayer read drink herbal tea and check in here.  Perhaps an AA meeting on Friday night.  
