-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/484q38/sobering_up_my_story/

Hi-.I sort of feel like I should share my little story here just in case it can help anyone else. I hope so. I'm 50 now and was a really heavy solo drinker for a solid decade or so. Vodka was my thing. I drank half a 750 for a long time. Then it got to 3/4's of a 750. Did that for a while. Always at night after work and mostly when the family went to bed. This was EVERY night. Weekends I drank all the time. Starting in the early afternoon...Then there was the morning I barely got out of bed and realized I drank the whole damn 750. (These are shitty plastic Phillips bottles. Nothing fancy). I was horrified. Soon this was the norm. Now I'm putting down a 750 every night. Usually straight from the bottle...So I've been doing this for quite a while. Last July I woke up and started to get ready for work and was super shaky and felt really weird. Went to the hospital and was diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes. Blood sugar of 509. Four days in the hospital over my birthday going through withdrawals. Said I'd quit drinking but of course didn't. Started up again. ..Anyway the story gets so much better. Around late September I signed up for an outpatient treatment program. I HAD to quite or I was going to die. A fucking miracle happened. My brain just suddenly decided on about day 2 that going forward I wasn't going to drink and drinking was the past. Just like a switch. I really enjoyed the program. It was 3 nights a week for 13 weeks. 83 hours. Changed my life completely. I have zero urges to drink and somehow haven't since starting that program. It's not willpower. It's sort of bigger than that. More like a deep subconscious thing happened. I was surrounded 3 nights a week with guys having a real hard time quitting and I empathized but somehow I didn't have that issue. I just knew that part of my life was over and the sober part had begun. ..I feel FANTASTIC now. I feel like I can do anything. I spring out of bed now. My mind is crystal clear. I'm losing weight. (down 26lbs) And I'm in full control of my life now. Loving everyday. It's hard for me to explain how awesome life is now...I think what happened to me was I honestly didn't think I could quit drinking EVER. Like NEVER. It was my biggest problem in life by a MILE. When I did quit and I realized I COULD quit it just flipped a switch in my head. I knew I could make this work and it wasn't even hard. It was a wonderful thing and I just embraced it...Sorry this got so long. I hope I can help someone else out there. Maybe there's something I did that I can pass on. I don't really know but I feel super bad for all the people struggling so hard to stay sober. So I'm at 152 days sober now and that's just going to be the way it is into the future. I don't have a crystal ball either but I can't imagine going back to that horrible way of life...Thanks for reading. I hope I can be of some help to someone.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you /r/StingRay2016 for sharing your story. Kudos for participating in outpatient treatment. I was fortunate to get treatment too. Bravo for 152 days!
You are right it has to happen in some subconscious level our brain decides first.
I'm only at a month but I had a very similar epiphany. I didn't have the health scare but I was also a daily heavy solo drinker (2 x1.75  liters of vodka a week plus beer) for over 10 years. ..Then one night in having a heart to heart with my wife after we had a fight I just came out with my secret. ..A switch in my head was thrown that night. I have also not had a very hard time so far fighting any craving for a drink. ..I thought it would be harder. My worry is when the day comes that I have to endure some very stressful event (which used to be a big trigger for me)..
Hey Tallone-.Yeah I hear you about worrying about some stressful event in the future sending me to the bottle again. I've had the same worries. I don't know for sure but I think I can handle it. Life is going to be stressful. It WILL happen. Something WILL happen. That much I'm sure of. I THINK I can handle it without booze. I'm not going to worry about it any more. I am going to focus on all the good stuff that happens when I sobered up. Every day I think of the good things. It's amazing.
Thanks for telling your story.  I am so happy you decided to live!   Stay with us here at SD it is a great support system.  Kudos on 152 days!
You were seriously shipping a 750ml bottle of Vodka every day for years?..Congrats on your big turnaround man. 152 days is great work. 
I also feel like a switch was flipped.  I hope that someday someone figures out exactly what that switch is so anyone who wants to quit can quit.  In the meantime in case that switch flips back I'm going to AA and SMART meetings and hanging out here on SD.  ..Congrats on 152 days!!
Great story!  Thanks for sharing!
I have flipped a switch as well. The past few times I tried to quit were much harder. My back is against a wall and I have had enough of the bullshit. Even seeing alcohol makes me sick to my stomach. Had a stressful time at work the other day and thinking about drinking didn't even come into the picture...Sober life is much easier to manage. But I know that addiction lurks in the shadows. I know at some point it may not be easy. I'm preparing for it. 
I understand what you mean about the switch being flipped.  It is hard to explain but when it happens you know it.  I have been afraid to be confident about my sobriety because I was afraid to jinx it.  I am doing the work necessary to stay sober and I love being sober.  I am not going back to that previous life.  I know it.  Screw jinxes.
Inspired! Thank you!
My switch got flipped it was a bit different but I drank daily and could not FATHOM how in the world I would ever be able to do it. I just went cold and that was like 425 days ago.
I agree - it's flicking that switch where life no longer revolves around alcohol ... for relaxation relief relaxation.  There are other ways.  Thanks for your post.
&gt; It's not willpower. It's sort of bigger than that. More like a deep subconscious thing happened...Excellent. This is my ultimate aim; however my subconscious appears to need a bit more time kind of like a dimmer switch than a one off light switch...Good story and nice enthusiasm. Thank you.
Thanks for sharing I drank lots for a long time many half hearted attempts to give up usually driven by the day after remorse.. But forgotten by the time happy hour came round again.  I never thought I could get sober but like you the switch was flicked and I have no desire to flick it back.  Ilove love love being sober.  For newbies just keep trying start visualising your life without alcohol curling up in a warm soft clean bed for a peaceful nights sleep. Waking up early to see the sunrise no hangover just an excitement for the day to start driving home after a night out with no fear of the breathalyser units spending healthy positive time with your kids and spouse just all the things that make life worth living.  Eventually I think the switch will flick for you too... Trust me if it flicked for me it can flick for you too.
This round of stopping was similar for me. Once I actually grasped that I had no control of my drinking it made everything else much easier. ..I can't say I've had zero urges but my struggles aren't as hard as some others have had and for that I'm feeling fortunate. 
I think that switch has something to do with a higher power hmmm....
[deleted]
