-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/485oac/acknowledging_17_months_sober/

When I first got sober this time around I spent my waking hours thinking about not drinking. I envied the old timers in AA for their time in especially those who got sober before they could drink legally. Someone told me that time takes time. Of course that was true (hated that expression!). Days started to add up and I picked up monthly chips like my life depended on them. I miss that now that I am past my first year...As I was closing in a year some of my AA friends who were close to their year - relapsed. I was so sad for them. A wise old timer said 'would you rather it be you?' I used others relapses like I used their stories - for inspiration (definitely). But also to use their experiences as though they were mine so I wouldn't have to live them out. ..It is awesome to have this time in. Stories (here and in AA) still inspire me to do better in life and in recovery. Thanks SD!
----------immediate responses--------

We are so close in time!!!  Feels so good eh?  And wow it really feel like it wads year just recently. Time flies when you're having fun :)
Congrats on 518 days and thanks for your post.  Every story helps me deal with this.  
[deleted]
Time takes time -- I have been thinking about that phrase a lot lately. Congratulations to you on your accomplishment.
Very well done.
Thanks for this - time does take time but it doesn't have to be hard time - it can be good it can be productive it can be free of the wet blanket of dread and shame we had to carry around...keep doing....
It only gets better! Keep up the good work Dino.
Why do you think people relapse around a year?
[deleted]
Congrats! It definitely takes on a different character over time but we definitely still need to be mindful ourselves. 17 months is a testament to that vigilance.
Congratulations on your 17 months! I too feel sad when I see relapses and badge resets.  I also do not however want it to be me.  Mostly because it *is* me.  My badge says 58 days because six years ago after 9+ years of sobriety I gave in to the demon that said I could drink moderately.  I don't know that there even were badges back then but had I stuck with those many years of sobriety my badge would say something like 5700 days.  Instead I'm at 1% of that...building back one day at a time knowing I've done it before so I can do it again and knowing that it's going to be work this time too. But I have an entirely clearer idea of what happens when I become complacent or think I'm special or whatever excuse I could give my sorry ass to drink again. Thanks to all the sobernauts on SD who have it down who are struggling who fall off and come back...everyone.  You are all facets of my sober jewel.
