-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48clrd/worried_about_hitting_the_one_year_mark/

I've come a long way these last 256 days. But no doubt I'm starting to have these shadow thoughts: "When you hit the one year mark you can start drinking again having proved to yourself...."..It seems like I've trained myself to believe that the relief to my internal suffering will come when I can return to drinking. But I am happier now. I still struggle with anxiety and impatience yes. But I'm more well-off financially physically and emotionally than ever in my life. ..I don't want to sink back down into the deep again. It's been a hard journey but I want to keep going. Yes I wanted to drink a fifth when I found out my girlfriend was sleeping with another guy. But instead we had a profound conversation about our relationship. Yes I want to drink a beer on the beach this summer. But instead I'll write or play my guitar or read a book. ..I don't know. These thoughts have been popping up more and more. And if it's not the one year mark then I'm thinking "Well in five years when I have a bunch of cash saved up and I feel secure I can go off the deep end and get drunk." I do want it a big part of me wants to get lost in that wide fuzzy nothingness of not-caring not-doing not-thinking. ..Still sober. But I want to go beyond one year. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you're still not sure of something. Like there's unfinished business. What's there left to test out with alcohol?
I don't worry about my drinking in the future I focus on living my sober life today. I'll handle my tomorrows when they arrive and try to build my life. I'm done with alcohol: it's a terrible coping mechanism I can cope sober; it's not part of my reward system I can enjoy life sober. I know there's nothing good waiting me of the other side of the line I'm staying this side it's easier and a better way for me to be. No length of sober time proves anything to me I dont believe my problem can ever be reversed but it's fine so long as I don't drink...tl/dr After a year I'm mostly just getting on with my sober life.  
I'm 11 days behind you and struggling with some of this myself.  For me it's not getting drunk per se it's just doing the "normal" stuff of grabbing a beer with friends having a nice glass of wine with my partner wanting to go back to who I was before when I could get a little crazy and then settle back down into a week without booze no thoughts of it.  I'm in mourning I think.  It's really setting in that this may be a permanent change.  I thought I was over that way of thinking but I'm wrong.
If you relapse it's just gonna be ugly. How much more potential ugly do you need? Rehab? Jail? DUI? Broken relationships?
It's not unusual to have some ambivalence around the one-year mark. People look back I think and wonder if they quit drinking to prove they could do it or if they quit drinking because they were truly done with it. ..The thing is no one can answer this question but you...Did you quit because deep down inside you think that alcohol really is after all the solution to your internal suffering? If so do you still feel that way?..Or did you quit because alcohol made your life hell and you knew and still know deep down in your bones that alcohol was the cause of many problems and a solution to none?
[removed]
I can relate.  I just passed a year and as I approached that point I was also bothered by desires to have a drink here and there.  My life has not gotten easier and my cravings have gotten only minimally better.  Thing is I remember how I was as a drinker and it was fairly embarrassing.  Also while having a drink sounds nice By the time I quit drinking I seriously didn't want a drink I wanted to get smashed obliterated.  Now I am a dinosaur but I don't know how that helps either.
You prove yourself everyday for only one day. The previous 256 days are gone. If you want to be sober today then be sober today. Don't worry about "this summer". It is an arbitrary space in your mind that doesn't actually exist yet. I get in trouble when I allow my thoughts to get too complicated. Today I am sober...I got sober at 26 for almost 2 years. I regret the first drink I took at 28 because the last 5 years have been back and forth. Stop and start. Worse each time. I could moderate for days weeks or months at at time. I could be so good at moderating that people actually liked to be around me and we had fun. But I spiral each time. And I always start lying hiding blacking out and making insanely dangerous choices. I am sober today.
What has changed for me after 13-14 months is that 99% of the time I don't even think about drinking anymore.  When stress hits and bad news comes it no longer crosses my mind a majority of the time. It's taken a long time but I've "re-wired" my brain to not instinctively go right to alcohol.  Now this doesn't mean I never feel an urge or craving but most of my life is absent from the thought of alcohol.  Recovery meetings and discussions still are an important part of my life but it mainly serves as a reminder of why I chose to get sober rather than helping me stay sober.  I've filled my life with other hobbies interests and goals that have helped make the the difficult transition.  ..I will also say that the part that scared me most about getting sober wasn't staying sober for a day a week or even a month.  It was the idea of being done forever.  That finality frightened the hell out of me.  Instead I focused on today.  After some time though I don't want to go back to alcohol...ever.  But something had to change in my brain for that realization to occur...I wish you all the best in setting your intentions and finding motivation.
When I was 21 I quit drinking for a year but didn't do anything to actually get emotionally sober. No AA SMART therapy - nothing. At the end of that year I decided I could drink again because clearly if I could quit for a year on my own drinking was not a problem for me. ..I had to drink for 20 more years after that to finally feel shitty and miserable enough to actually get some help and change my life for the better. The life that I have today is 1000 times better than anything I could ever have imagined. I didn't think that it was possible. A different decision at the end of that year could have given me 20 more years of this unbelievable life. I hope that helps!
I just take it one day at a time and treat every day with the same urgency that I began with. Every day is like day 1 to me. One thing my sponsor said to me that resonated is "Remember alcohol doesn't affect us like most people." ..I knew it was true. I wouldn't enjoy a couple... I would just keep drinking until the bitter end often longer. I would most likely get drunk every time I drank and it would just open back the door to drinking alone. ..I'm learning to be grateful for what I have today. It's a good life. Good luck friend.
