-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48f2w6/controlling_the_greatest_con_artist_of_all_your/

The trick or treat saying fits perfectly into the alcoholics mind.  It is the ever empowering "yet" or "what if" among many other cunning and baffling excuses.  I am absolutely amazed and appalled at the power of the mind and alcohol.  So many subdued thoughts have entered my mind pertaining to the drink of hell.  "Oh you're totally fine you know you can do this it'll just be this one time" etc.  How many times has alcohol crept up behind your shoulder like a lingering feral cat?  Too many.  How do you deal with such afflictions of the mind?  How do you overpower that intensity?  I am learning the way and will not give in to such demands.  I am struggling with the "yet" and "what if" as I type this.  My mind is contemplating things that I have no control over... Or do I?  What do you do to keep the beast at bay?  
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you have gained awareness of yourself. That is the first and most monumental step down the road to recovery.  I let the beast in; I make sure to be aware of it and what it is saying to me though. 
When I have these feelings one thing is consistent - I am alone and I am thinking too much.  The way I try to keep this less of a struggle and "simple" is to get and stay busy.  It can be seemingly rediculous stuff that can change my thought process.  I once decided to count how many paces were each city block in NYC.  I have heard an expression many times in AA; "An alcoholic alone is in bad company" - love that.  Of course at the same time I love to isolate so dealing with this struggle starts with me getting up and out and staying busy. Days add up without too much battle if I can do that. 
I say to him "fuck you I will never drink again I will never change my mind." when you feel that anxiety and fear after saying those words and meaning them that is the beast getting weaker. Take pleasure in that feeling and know that only you are in control. Best of luck on your journey.
There is a poster on here who named that part of his brain "Pedro" and talks right back to him whenever "Pedro" acts up. It's very good to recognize that our brains are slightly broken in this respect; and too much "thinking" can be dangerous for me for sure. Getting to my yoga mat usually helps clear my head of unwanted thoughts.
I Don't Drink. There is no yet in this there is no forever there is no time but the present implied by the statement. I don't get up everyday and say "I won't drink today" but every time my brain or someone else's offers me a drink I Don't Drink. Some people would prefer I said "I don't drink anymore" but I don't live in the past they do. 
.Well I'll activate one right now!.With a little humor I used some computer software to "park" this post out of sight then I got into my DeLorean! .."Marty! By my calculations it is about four days since this member posted this! Let's go see how it's going over there!" ..: ) ..So how are ya? And don't look now but I just held the beast at bay for four more days! : ).
