-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48fy7v/i_think_i_might_have_over_estimated_myself/

So I've been sober for a few months now. I've had my ups and downs emotionally but I've felt pretty strong. Enter last weekend. I've been having issues at home with my headstrong daughter and felt a bit under the weather. I stayed in Saturday and Sunday and I ended up binge watching Making a Murderer on Netflix...Man I wasn't prepared for the emotional effect a show might have on me. I was already down and adding a weekend alone and immersing myself in a show like that was far more intense than I imagined it could be. ..It made me realize that I have to pay attention to how I spend my time. It's too easy to become despondent. Being an alcoholic and feeling like that is a dangerous emotional combo! I didn't relapse but I could see how feeding into that could spiral. ..No matter how strong I think I am I have to work on staying positive or I could slide. Is this unusual? I've honestly felt like a big baby.
----------immediate responses--------

Staying positive for me is staying in the day. I also have lowered my expectations to reasonable levels. Staying out of the past is a huge help also - not much I can do there anymore. 
I found and still find at times that when I isolate myself and avoid people for too long I can get a little squirelly. I am a bit reclusive by nature so I have to often make efforts to be more social. Even getting out of the house for an hour or two for a walk and fresh air or visiting someone for a while can have such a huge effect...I also recall all too well that the three month mark was where I usually relapsed. The difference for me was that this final time I dove into the recovery reading and made major efforts to change as many things as I could to live a sober and healthy life. Baby steps forward each day. Hang in there many of us are rooting for you!
It makes sense that the atmosphere we surround ourselves with will have an impact on our mood.  For me I like to watch comedy shows the first thing in the morning because they make me laugh and put me in a good mood.  I doubt if what you describe is unusual but some people might be more sensitive/more aware than others.  Good for you on 107 days!  Sober on!
&gt; I have to work on staying positive..There will be times where you will not feel anything positive. We have to remember that "This too shall pass" applies to negative and positive...Though I like shows like that I mostly listen to sitcoms. There are many good ones : Friends The Office My name is Earl... so many of them. I enjoy a good laugh and it doesn't bring me down. A show like "Making a murderer" is made to bring you down to make you feel bad about society and make you cry if you're sensible. We have to remember that though it's a sad story we are told a one-sided story and I'm sure that if we would have followed the whole story it would have not been so black and white...I also generally avoid the news so I don't get upset by things I have no control over.
PAWS maybe?
This isn't like exactly related but I've found that the longer I stay sober the easier it is for me to get through times like that. Last year a bad day or a bad weekend would IMMEDIATELY mean a drink...I had a bad meeting last week where I felt so embarrassed and generally made an idiot out of myself and I wanted to drink... kind of. Like it was the kind of situation where I thought "if I was drinking this would be a PERFECT time to drink." ..Being aware of things like that is all part of the benefits of sobriety even if it doesn't feel that way. Intentionally and deliberately taking steps to feel better realizing that "hey that didn't feel so good I should do something new next time" - that's all part of the process...You're doing good. :) 
Your future self is watching you hoping you make it through this crisis saying "the future is so awesome you just don't know!  Please get through this crisis unscathed."
In my therapy I am recognizing that I have  problems I 'treated' with alcohol. ..And as I was reminded today I have to also recognize that my moods and functioning are now their own and not necessarily influenced by alcohol. ..I must accept that I must deal with my ups and downs of mood and physical wellness like a sober person ;-).
If you think about it sustained substance use places layers and layers over our emotions. Add to that all the bullshit we tell ourselves how we shape how we react to for example our bad behaviour which for me involved acting a lot tougher than I actually am.... Remove the substance steep in sobriety for a while til the scales of delusion fall away and we're going to be pretty raw. I can't watch anything too emotional it's just too rich a feeling for me even now. But I believe it's a re calibrating of our internal sense of right and wrong. We all know deep down how humans should relate to each other. Getting back to that place is a scary sensitive journey but so worth it. Stick with it fella :)
For me I think it most definitely ties into depressive thoughts and behaviours. If I spend to long on the depression redditt and start to feel down I have to snap myself out of it. If I start to dwell on all the shit that happens with human beings for the last month I have had to try and snap myself out of it. ..When I'm leaving work I have to have a bit of a plan that involves something engaging or fun because if I was on a downer and had nothing to look forward to then I could easily grab a few beers on my way home...In short; I totally agree with you. Working on staying out of that depressive mind-set is a constant challenge which to be honest really is un-sustainable in the long term - non-alcoholic/addictive humans are down sometimes but vast majority would most likely would not seek to destroy themselves with the booze. 
I find that it helps me to remind myself that it's okay and a normal human experience to feel deep emotions. I try to sit with them for a bit and acknowledge them and remember that my emotions won't hurt me as much as taking a drink will. And they always always pass in time. Thanks for your post!
There are many times that I can't read certain books watch certain tv shows or the news or even scroll through Facebook because it causes me too much anxiety or makes me feel too sad. When I have those times I focus on something else like a recovery book coloring or reading something like huff-post good news. Or even praying. But the main thing I do when I notice something is having a negative impact on my mood I immediately shut it off
