-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48gix8/my_recovery_so_far/

Hello everybody.My name is Dutchy45 and I'm an alcoholic. I've been in 12 step programs for 6/7 years and my last drink was over 28 months ago. I've had about 6 relapses while in the program but right now I've doubled my personal record and I'm doing well. I have a sponsor and 1 sponsee and I'm happy and busy. Before I got in the program I was twice hospitalized and I could not handle the ocean of time in front of me once I got out of there. But 1 day at the time I could do. In my first meeting somebody said all you have to do is come back. He did not talk about not drinking only about coming back. I can still remember the huge weight that was lifted of my shoulders when I heard that. This was something I could do. There was no way I could stop drinking I felt but I could get on the tram and go to a meeting. That night I did not drink. For me this was huge. Not only did I not drink I was not fighting it the whole evening The next day I went back to a meeting and again I did not drink. This went on for about a month when my sick brain convinced me that maybe I was not really an alcoholic and that maybe I could moderate my drinking. Within a week I was drinking more than ever and went back to meetings much chastised. Any normal person would have learned the lesson but not me. My disease manipulated me back to the bottle 5 more times. (so far) And so the question is: What's different this time around; I have moved to a much nicer apartment and got out of my pigsty drinking den. I keep on doing little projects at home. It's more than a place I rent and that's for the first time in my life. I decided to start meditating to put some flesh on the Higher Power thing (I'm an Atheist). Over here we say: 90 meetings in 90 days. I went to over 110. Plenty of days when I did 2. And after long consideration I decided to take a cat. Within 6 months I got a second one since I'm a lot out doing stuff. I also got back in touch with some long dormant hobbies to see if I still enjoyed them. Some I did others less so. I feel this was especially important. I don't have time to be bored. Right now there are barely enough hours in a day. I haven't been working on my steps for months now partly because I'm so busy. Not good. And not smart since I know from experience that working the steps gives me peace and insight. Whatever is in my agenda though I go to 2 meetings a week and I fill in a couple of service posts. Some friends of mine in the program told me the third year of recovery is the best. That often makes me feel like; You mean it gets even better? That's hard to believe. About 3 weeks ago I discovered this subreddit and it already has become a very handy tool I use. It's good to add an extra tool. You can't have enough of those. They keep me clean and without that I would not have al these gifts of recovery. I wish everybody al the best on their own path of recovery..(PS to the mod.: feel free to edit this or move it to a more suitable place or even delete it if you guys feel that's best)
----------immediate responses--------

Hi Dutchy45 glad you're here. Thanks for sharing this. I struggle with the higher power thing but like you I'll put some meat on it too if it really helps keep me from drinking. I hadn't heard about the three year thing... wow. That actually made me tear up a little I'm feeling really good with just a few months! I had no idea good luck to you!
Hi Duchy - how many years did you drink and to what level/frequency?..28 months is a great achievement. I hope to get there one day (at a time)...Edit: 28 months
.That's a pretty good post! ..Not quite sure where it started but it's just grand for /StopDrinking!..One thing I like about this new computer style "floating meetings" is that I think you have done so well that I don't have the perspective yet to get nearly enough out of this sharing! So I plan to make a few folders and I'll hold onto this one and review it a fair deal later. I hope you stay around at least in the background so Future Me might have some questions! ..
