-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48l0nv/near_relapse_tonight_but_all_is_well/

So tonight is the first time in a year that I am home totally alone. I knew the day was coming so kind of prepared for it. But in the days leading up to today "drunk brain" was planting the drinking seed with the usual: "you'll be home alone nobody will know." It's been a long time "just one beer maybe two... that's all. And then back on the wagon." You get the idea. Anyhow my plan was to go to the gym and do other stuff tonight; didn't happen. I wound up going to the supermarket and on the way there I gave myself "permission" to buy beer. I said the "fuck it" thing. Odd thing is: by the time I got to the store I really didn't want to buy the beer. Wound up picking up some odds and ends and went home completely disinterested in drinking (for tonight). Well I'm not taking this for granted but it was really awesome to naturally and effortlessly not want to drink. Well hoping it's not a fluke but I guess it does seem to get better as time goes by. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's how you do it fight one battle at a time.
power to you sir or madam.
That's great  well done!  I was there myself this week  first night home alone (well with the kids but once they'd gone to bed that would've been prime drinking time). I had all these great plans for what nourishing  relaxing things I'd do. None of that happened. I bought some cigarettes (not smoked in over a year) and found myself stood outside a bar where I would normally call on the way home from work. ..I smoked a couple and just looked in the window blankly. I don't really know how I felt. Just pretty numb. I went home  read a story to my kids and put them to bed  ate some rubbish and smoked a few more before bed. ..I feel like I've sort of replaced one addition with another and I know I need to bin that off. However I made it through. I'm not sure how much I wanted to drink or how much I wanted something to just do. I feel a bit like I shut down  I'm head down at the moment just trying to put as much clear water between myself and my last drink as I can. ..Anyway  sorry for rambling  well done on the not drinking and I'll not drink with you today either! 
Well done!
Way to go!  Sober on!
Proud of you!!!!
Congrats!  I've found that cravings can be intense but they only last for a while then disappear.  You just have to ride them out.
For me it's little passing moments of urges. I've accepted that's it not "just one drink" now. Behind that drink is a mountain of problems waiting for one of those moments to return. Let's not drink today.
Must be extra tough living in a country with beer in the grocery store. At least here in Canada we have to specifically go out of our way to get alcohol. It'd be even tougher for me if I passed by it while picking up some oranges and meat.
