-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48pzxl/two_months_im_crying_from_happyness/

Hi there guys!..In advance sorry for my english i'm sure you guys could understandme but sorry for the inconveniences...I've been fighting with alcoholism since age 17. At age 18 i've got administrated to a rehab (that hospital is about 200 years old and i was the yongest who got alcohol rehab ther in the history of the hospital). I did it and when they released me i could only bear it withouth alcohol for one month. They prescribed me antabuse (and other stuff for my various mental stuff) but i threw it in the garbage since i tought: "I am stronger than my addiction!"..I had crippling depression (my shitty psychiatrist tought it's "just" depression so he didn't really gave me normal medical care so i completed my SSRIs with alcohol. Don't even tell me how stupid i was i know...Fast  forward: (My alcoholism was abolutely fine i drank every day. Sometime a bottle of beer was enogh sometimes more)..In 2015 i got a really good job with a really good pay. Every day when i came home i drank. I drank a lot. After a time i had brutal cravings for alcohol. I was running home so i can drink finally. Every night i drank until i blacked out. Two days before new year's eve i got some kind of psychosis. I wasn't myself. I became absolutely agressive. I never was that agressive type of guy beside that i'm a pretty big and harsh looking guy. ..Three days after new year's eve (January 2) i was at my friend's place and in drunken stupor i wanted to jump out of my friend's balcony. They barly could pull me back. After they pulled me back i started to destroy things in my friends place and stuff i fell and i hit my head pretty bad so an ambulance got me into a hospital because i needed stitches. They did the stiches and of course without anesthesia (i don't know why)...After they stitched me they asked me how am i and told them that i can't do this anymore i want to kill myself. They locked me up in a closed psychiatric ward for two days. This was the first two day for months when i was sober. I was crying because i realized how much i fucked up my social life. I lost all of my friends because my behaviour was just disgusting every time i drank...After they released me from the ward i had to meet my psychiatrist immediatly so we met at 5th of january. My psychiatrist prescribed me the new medicines (i already took Citalopram and Wellbutrin) which were Quetiapine and Disulfiram (antabuse). I knew antabuse. The doctors in the rehab intentionally made me drink to antabuse (while we were on heart monitors and stuff). Man that was a hellish experience... So my doctor prescribed it on februar 5. Along this my mental medicines already started to work. I started to feel happy again. Sometimes i got cravings for the alcohol but i didn't drin. Not just because of the antabuse but because i so much fucked up i just didn't wan to. And this morning when i got up i watch the date and i realized. ..I DIDN'T DRINK FOR TWO MONTHS GUYS!!!! I AM SO FREAKING HAPPY I'M CRYING!..I never been so proud of myself. There was not even a week for 10 years (expect the 23 days rehab) when i didn't drink and now i managed to avoid drink for two months guys... But of course i want to say thanks to my psychiatrist to figuring out what is my real problem. Depression was only a symptom of my disease.  And now every one says: "Hey Phillips_Guy why do you look so much better?. "Well you know darling i was an alcoholic for years and now i stopped"..Also why did it worth it. My migrane-ish headaches stopped i can can think again my memory started to work again. I still have memory problems with this but my neurologist said it will eventually faid. Also 2 weeks ago i became epileptic. My psychiatrist and neurologist did a consultation and they excluded the possibility that the medicines did the seizure. Also the EEG showed it's epilepsy. So now for my own sake i really shouldn't drink because it can easily trigger a Grand Mal (the fainting legs and arms moving) type epileptic seizure...So guys sorry for my long story but i am soooo hyped about this! I finally didn't drink for two months! I is a huuuuge record for me!!! I never been this sooooo proud of myself!...For every of you guys there is hope. And i am so happy for all you guys who can manage and can beat this horrible addiction. My only and only advice what can i do (i hope this subreddit wont's stone me because of this) if you relapse much or you just can't stop it seek for medical health...I wish you all guys a sober day!..-/u/Phillips_guy  ..EDIT: THANK YOU VERY MUCH ALL YOUR KIND WORDS!!! I'm 24 years old now to make things clear so i drank for almost 10 years i started at age 14 and the problems started at age 17. Oh and i did a few edits because of the grammar.. .As it seems no one around me can understand what a big achievement is this. It makes me said but your comments makes me smile :)
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome dude! Having memory troubles like you said is completely normal I was in a haze for maybe three months or so the last time I got sober...I'm sorry to hear about the epilepsy diagnosis but it seems like you're taking it in stride. I'd bet money you'd have reacted differently had been using. Keep up the good work!
Way to go! Keep it up!
excellent job!
I am happy for you! Keep it up! That's a big accomplishment.
AWESOME! HUGE CONGRATULATIONS! 
Congrats!
That's awesome dude Im happyout for you:-D. 
Well done - you have been through so much and made it to 60 days sober.  It is a big achievement (which I can share with you).  I am so happy for you because you tried so many times to get there and finally you made it.  Well done!
Congratulations that is a huge achievement.  I am happy for you and your pride in yourself and your achievement.. It sounds like you have had to really face some demons and and come to terms with things about yourself you had not had to deal with before.  You've done amazingly well with some really cool plans for your future.  enjoy being sober enjoy your feelings of success and pride.
Good stuff!  You are amazing keep it up. 
