-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48qpu6/no_longer_lurking/

Hey Guys..I've been lurking here for quite a while. This sub helped me stay sober for several months last year. I stopped drinking for health reasons and realized during that dry spell how much I probably needed to quit for good. Sure enough  after my health was better I started drinking again in January. Every night probably about a pint or more of gin or vodka. Addiction has been in family for years and at 32 I'm surprised I didn't see the signs sooner. ..I now know that I've been drinking for years to cope with anxiety. The drinking has only made it worse. Way worse. I haven't had a drink since Sunday night and am visiting family for the week. They do not know I've had a drinking problem and I'm not sure I'm ready to talk about it yet. ..Thanks for being here in this sub. I'm glad I finally posted. The struggle I'm having at the moment is my anxiety. I haven't had really any withdrawal symptoms other than heightened anxiety. I'm currently in a near panic worrying that I will have late withdrawals or a sudden freak seizure and die though I believe it's unlikely at this stage. ..I keep trying to tell myself "this is a feeling not a fact". That's the Bitch of anxiety. You can know your fear is improbable but it still wreaks havoc. Ugggh. I just want to get past this anxiety. No cravings no sweats no shakes (unless you count the twitches I get from anxiety in general) no fever etc. Why can't I get the impending doom out of my head?..The good news is the fact that I never want to feel this way again will likely keep me motivated. Sending hugs and thoughts to all of you tonight. Thanks in advance for your advice and support.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome out of lurkdom!  So glad you posted. I like what you've written. It's full of honesty and self-reflection. Lots of good stuff!..&gt;this is a feeling not a fact..This is one of the major things that helped me. Once I realized that my feelings were not necessarily the truth and that I don't have to react to every feeling it was like woah....I can regain some control again...Very glad you are here with us!
Your probably at the peak of anxiety.  For me it starts going down after about 4 or 5 or 6 days if i was drinking vodka for several days.  I always just told myself that the anxiety was lying to me seems to help.
Welcome! Anxiety was a problem that for me did not abate when I got sober. I visited my doctor to discuss options and in the first instance chose therapy (CBT). That's helped my coping tools and helped me manage my anxiety much better. I try to dial my anxiety down a notch when I'm in the middle of it I remind myself that my feelings lie and will pass.
Welcome do SD! ..I know the feeling of not wanting to talk to family members about your drinking problem especially since they don't know about it. I'm in a similar situation and Christmas gatherings were pretty rough since it's always a drinking-fest for everyone. I just simply said I didn't feel like it and after an evening of convincing my mom I wasn't pregnant nobody seemed to care that much...Stay strong and remember we're here for you! :)
