-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48qqki/8_months_sober_on_the_verge_of_relapse/

the title pretty much says it all. i worked so hard to get here but im really don't give a shit right now. my circumstances haven't changed much. still homeless. i feel like i'm getting stonewalled at every turn.
----------immediate responses--------

If you drink will you stop being homeless? Probably not.  The not giving a shit right now is highly likely to be very temporary.  I have felt like that before but I recognized that feeling of not giving a shit for what it was: a temporary feeling of discouragement and me giving up because the feelings of stress were too high.  I was so stressed out but I did not want to feel stressed out so bringing myself down with hopelessness helped the anxiety decrease - because then I felt depressed.  So I rescued myself from anxiety with some discouragement but the discouragement was also not pleasant.  It took me alot longer than 8 months to learn how to regulate my emotional feeling states with other means besides the strategy of throwing in another different lower-valence negative emotion...Your brain can learn to help you feel better; but it really needs sobriety to do that.  So if you help your brain out by staying sober I bet it will help you by making you feel better too.
Homeless or not eight months sober is a great accomplishment! You are way ahead of me! ..Sorry things are so tough for you right now. I find I can make it through tough times much better when I remain sober. ..All the best to you. Hope you will not drink with us tonight. ..
A sober you will possess much greater odds at overcoming your circumstances than a drunk you ever will 
Wow you managed to stay sober for 8 months while being homeless.  That is frigging amazing.  I really really hope you can keep on being the best person you can be.  I'm trying too and I'm up to 60 days sober.
Congrats on 8 months sober that's huge! I'm sorry to hear you're struggling. I've made a pact with myself that no matter how bad I'm feeling no matter how bad things might seem alcohol is not the solution it will only make things much worse.  I just strive to accept things as they are just now accept the things I can;t change and just work on what I can.
And you think drinking will improve your situation how?
