-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48rxqi/im_going_to_be_a_dad/

After years of struggling with my demons I can safely say I never want to drink again. Today I got to see my baby for the first time and knowing that I'll be a dad in just 6 months time made me realise how much I have to live for. I am ready for this challenge and I'm beyond determined to be a good sober dad. ..So thanks to all of you here who've given me advice and support over the last few years. You have no idea how much that helped turn me into the dad I'm going to be. ..I'm far too excited right now...Edit: wow thank you all for your kind comments. This really is one of the friendliest subs and the support I've seen on here over the last 3-4 years has been astounding. You guys are awesome. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are gonna be such a good dad.  No Homer Simpson here just sober dad ready to play teach and bond at all times.  Congrats Dad and your sobriety will only make you that much more available and able to love that kid with everything you have.
Excellent. Congratulations. Think of what a wonderful gift it is to have a sober Dad. Your child will benefit in a thousand ways.
Congratulations!
That's great man!
Congrats!!! That is awesome I bet you will be a great dad:)
Congratulations! Your child deserve a sober and present dad. Welcome to parenthood.
#CONGRATULATIONS!..Sobriety is the hardest club I've gotten into. Fatherhood is a close second but even more rewarding!
I'll just tell things in my perspective. I had two babies none of them garanteed my sobriety. In fact the first 6 months I was the lowest drunk I ever was. No life event can make you quit. You have to do it for yourself and being a great dad will just be a consequence of it...You seem to have a much stronger will to stop drinking than I had and I wish you all the best. The decision you're making now is the best and it really touches me that someone can do something I was never able to do no second chance for me!
I'm in the exact same boat. Went to rehab did 67 days to clean up and learn to stay sober then bam knocked up my wife the day I got home. After we'd been trying for years! Unexpected but certainly not unwelcome. And super excited that in seven months I'll be a dad. And in 8 months I'll hit one year sober. This fall is going to be awesome! Knowing now that I can be the best dad makes things a lot less scary. 
Nice one! Congratulations. 
I wish I could have been a sober dad for my kids looking back. Luckily they are still kind of young so I have time to make it up. But there are moments I cannot get back. Good for you! Stick with it!
Congrats and blessings (if that's your thing)! Being a dad is awesome. 
Congrats!
At first I read this post as saying "I'm going to be my Dad." ..Would've also been totally relevant for alcoholism and me and many alcoholics I know haha.
Congratulations! As a child of an alcoholic and an alcoholic myself I cannot tell you how thrilled I am that you will be raising a child without being active in your addiction. This is not to shame parents who struggle with addictions. But it is so exciting to me to know that you will be present for your child! Way to go!
CONGRATS!  BABIES ARE THE BEST!
Yay!!!
Congratulations! We booze we (and everyone around us) lose.
Congratulations! I stopped drinking a few months before my son was born. I did it for me and no one else but I'm sure without knowing it he is reaping the benefits. ..There will be many 'tough' times with the newborn although not necessarily as many as you may imagine but the fun amazing wonderful times will most likely outweigh all the tough ones and you'll be thankful during the tough times that you aren't drinking! 
Congrats! 
Thank you so much for your post! I am so happy you are choosing to be sober today...My wife had a talk with me about 9 months into her pregnancy about me slowing down a bit so that I could make it to the hospital. Glad to hear you have way more perspective than I did at the time! Happy to not be drinking with you today.
Awesome!!! So excited for you!
I tip my hat off to you. That's an incredible feat. Carry on sir
Congratulations OP! Great post and responses! I was so hungover at my daughter's birth sad in retrospect. Was drunk for the first 18 months of her life before I quit.
Congratulations!  The awesome part is that you're going to be a sober dad. sobriety baby challenge  accepted!
