-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48xuvc/its_weird_but_its_like_im_in_mourning/

At the end of my first week sober in years today it's like looking back at a bad relationship but only remembering the good stuff. Maybe that's why I've relapsed in the past? I'm missing my toxic friend who used to help me cope but also got me into trouble. I keep telling myself to just not go back for the next 24 hours. I'm grateful to sd for the daily check in. And I also used the collective positive energy of everyone here to get me through a weak moment. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

It is a kind of grief isn't it? It's like letting go of an old life and what it meant and being open to a new life without the toxic friend in control. Down days happen to everyone and I'm glad you reached out. 
Grieving the end of our relationship with alcohol is not often discussed but it is very real. Mine was like a love affair gone bad. Alcohol helped until it didn't. Alcohol betrayed me. What has helped me the most over the years is remember what happened when I drank. I did a written first step with a sponsor in AA. I've never forgotten the bad stuff. I know that if I start drinking the misery will return ten-fold. Recovery is satisfying productive freeing and generally happy. ..The sadness is real but it will pass. Having a therapist helped me work through the stages of grief. The fellowship of AA was comforting and encouraging. I hope you have the necessary support because there is more to recovery than simply not drinking. Thanks for your post. Kudos for eight days. Hang on. It gets better. 
Hang in there--don't forget just how bad it was. And know that by getting rid of THAT you're opening yourself up for great things to happen in your life. That abusive relationship took up so much time and energy and it's over! This is a great great thing difficult though it may be for awhile.
My check-in earlier this morning said exactly this.  I feel like I'm going through the 7 stages of grief.  I also have in the back of my logical brain General Ackbar saying "IT'S A TRAP!"...
I had a terrible time with that! It's a major life change and it's not something that I could really discuss with anyone in my life. I ended up having to overhaul my entire thinking process. It was a lot of work and is mentally and emotionally exhausting. But I'm nearly 6 months in and I've never been happier in my life. ..Maybe you could try to make new "friends" like I did. 
I'm going to sound like a robot sent from /r/stopsmoking  but check out Alan Carr's Easy Way To Stop Smoking. Most of the things are applicable to drinking. He might even have a book about abstaining from alcohol...I know it might sound silly being only 60 days in but he's made me truly believe that the key to any long-term sobriety is figuring out that you're not sacrificing anything by giving up alcohol. That people like us are only sacrificing while we drink alcohol which gives us nothing back.
.Besides reading that elsewhere too for the same reasons this is one of my "sober anthems". Even more than the original when it gets really tough this version has the thunder to finally shove the demon back into its kaleidoscope lair! ..David Draiman band Disturbed version of Sound of Silence.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9Dg-g7t2l4..
I think this is natural. I let myself grieve but I tried very hard not to ruminate. I had to let the sense of profound loss diminish itself with time and as it did I began to not just see what I would gain but also experience it. It's worth holding out for. It's really beautiful over here. Finally with hindsight and distance from my last drink I can see the reality of where I came from. I'm grateful to every force that helped me stick it out. 
Yeah feels strange when it hits you that no matter what happens your relationship with it has to change forever. 
For me and many others giving up drinking was similar to mourning a friend because I went through the classic stages of grief: 1) Denial 2) Anger 3) Bargaining 4) Depression and 5) Acceptance. ..I'm not really sure where I'm at right now but eventually we will get to the stage of acceptance where we have come to terms with the fact that alcohol is not a part of our lives anymore. ..Good luck friend and congrats on 8 days!
For me personally once I got past the first couple weeks I started to see the benefits of being alcohol-free more so than feeling the desire to get buzzed again.  I find myself now valuing the clearness of mind (which for me improved steadily for at least the first month) waking up feeling good in the morning improvement in nasal and digestive issues not having to hide my drinking being able to lose the weight I put on and all the other things that you frequently see discussed here...In other words if you put in the effort now and stick with it the benefits will begin to show themselves.  It does get better.
Oh yeah.  I said to someone yesterday it's hard to imagine never having a drink again..for all those romantic reasons.  But I've got too much too lose to go back.  I feel like I have to be the "adult" in my relationship to alcohol and be the one to make the the decisions in "our" best interest.
Stay strong. I am struggling with memories as well. I try to focus on 2 things: how I always feel like a total worthless piece of shit the next day even if i genuinely had fun and the time I yelled in my neighbor's face in the middle of the night for no reason. UGH. I can escape my drinking buddies but not my next door neighbor.
[deleted]
Hey I'm in this with you. It feels so much longer than 8 days for me. I'm glad to hear you are committed to this process. Life is so much 'alive' without the poison. The days are longer and more productive. Take care!
I can totally relate to your post. Tomorrow is my birthday  which would usually be anice all day drunk . You can do this!
I got this really bad with cigarettes. Sometimes it feels like I lost a friend.
I would encourage you to mourn for the loss and move on.  It can feel a bit like breaking up with a girlfriend that wasn't working out. You still remember the good times and it drives you crazy but after a long time you would not even think of getting back together. 
8 days sober here as well. I too feel like I said goodbye to a friend. I have to remind myself this "friend" did a bunch of shitty things to me and I am much healthier present and nicer without it. 
