-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48yk91/need_advice_just_got_this_text_from_my_roommate/

"Thank you. I need to ask you to not go to the AA meetings/events etc. for a while. It's bringing too many germs back here and Im so sick now I feel like dying."..I'm not even sick nor have I been. This is the last straw for me I have to move out by the end of this month or I will flip. I just relapsed after 53days sober and my living situation will only influence me to do it again. I live with ex addicts who still drink alcohol because they think that's better.
----------immediate responses--------

Give him 50 cents and tell him to call his sponsor.
Your roommates don't get to dictate where you spend your time.  Getting out of there ASAP sounds like a good plan.  
get out and before you do so keep going to meetings just don't tell your roommate. 
Run!
It is also possible that by you maintaining your sobriety it makes your roommates feel insecure about their drinking. If you can run ASAP.
With apologies to Meg Ryan "Yes! Yes! Yes! "To everything already posted!  ..Your sponsor is your best support for this right now!
As my sponsor would say to me "GTFO!" 
Run away.  Find a sober roommate (maybe at a meeting)
Wow wish I could pinpoint germs that precisely.  I would never be sick! I'm with everyone else run!
Keep going and stay strong!!
that is the most insane thing i've ever read. good luck in your new place! 
This is literally the most ridiculous "request" I have ever EVER read in my life. I once lived with *TWO* seriously immunosuppressed roommates and NEITHER of them would have said anything like this. Because they were reasonable human beings. ..The only winning move is not to play. It's good that you are moving out and the best response would be not to dignify that with a reply. Tell yourself you are doing this person the favor of pretending they never sent the last two sentences because it is just so far out of line to ask this of another adult. If they ever bring it up with you feel free to say exactly that. You can say "Oh I assumed that part was a joke because that's not a reasonable request at all."
Do people just assume that once sober everyone becomes "holier than thou"? I have always supported and admired my sober friends and looked at them in awe for their self-control.
That is an incredibly selfish and self-centered text. I agree that not responding is probably the best response. Glad you have an escape plan!
You are on a good path.
I would just ignore that text entirely and pretend I never got it. Even if questioned. 
What your romemate said has no logic attached to it what so ever. It's not like A.A is a room full of people with highly contagious diseases. He or she does handle money and interacts with people on a daily basis? Them drinking around you will make your soberity even more difficult than it should plus the A.A thing fuck that. I would definitely get myself out of there.
I agree that it seems like you should make a change of location as soon as you are able but don't stop going to AA meetings if you feel they are keeping you grounded.  Your roommates argument is pretty silly since picking up a bug from someone is just as likely to happen in populated public places like a store for example.  The fact that he/she chose AA specifically and is encouraging you not to go is pretty damning evidence that this person does not support your lifestyle change...Keep up your commitment to stay sober and realize that it's nobody's choice but your own to keep to that commitment.  Stay strong and tackle this issue the best you can!
Your roommate sounds like a total loon. Definitely get out of that situation as soon as you can and in the meantime keep doing your own thing. If AA is what is keeping you sober go to as many meetings as you want. 
Nut job. Good riddens.
That's very odd. 
This is insane. Absolutely batshit crazy. I support you in getting out!!
HA! WTF you should screen shot it for future AA meetings.  They'll be shocked that someone would even think of asking something so fucking stupid. Were they meth addicts?  Cuz if so I'm thinking they fell off that wagon or are taking something else...there is 0 logic in their request.
You should leave a note for them saying that you'll stop bringing germs back from AA meetings if they help your sober lifestyle by keeping the apartment dry. And then still go to AA meetings but tell them your out with friends or something. BWAHA!
Wow that made me aggressive. Fu** them. Get out there and never look back.
[deleted]
Damn your roommate sounds unfair and shitty. Don't ever tell that trick what you're doing it's none of their business. ..It's your recovery and that person obviously is ignorant for saying such a ridiculous thing.
That is batshit crazy. Run like the wind!
Get out. ASAP. Do not pass GO and do not collect $200. ..Good grief. I am so sorry this is going on for you. I wish you the best of luck in finding a more suitable place to live and with your sobriety.:)
Yeah im going to ask my niece and nephew to stop going to school bc they bring too many germs back and get me sick lol.... i didnt know that us sober ppl are so dirty.. or maybe since our bodies aren't bogged down from processing alcohol our immune systems can actually function so we just don't get sick as easily! ..I agree with everyone here. You are allowed to go wherever you want.  set out some Clorox disinfectant spray and some airborn and find some cooler folks to reside with asap
Did they also tell you not to go to the grocery store? Church? Etc? This is a ridiculous borderline schizophrenic request...
Get out as fast as you can. 
Considering alcohol weakens your immune system it seems like the problem is with them and not with you. Good on you for realizing you need to get out. Good luck and I wish you the best!
Hahaha...I'm sorry I have to laugh at your roommate.   That is fucking funny.  ..I guess he/she thinks we're all lice ridden homeless folks.  ...People in AA live some of the most healthiest lives I've ever seen.  ...We're here for you!!!
