-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/492bd3/give_us_this_day_our_daily_pledge/

I was just submitting my daily pledge and responded to a post from someone who said that the act of submitting the pledge yesterday saved them from reaching out for a drink...It's something that has saved me a few times too...Isn't it amazing how such a little action can keep us from the bottle?..I will not drink today...Takes about 2 seconds to type...If you're reading this and struggling today and haven't made that simple little pledge make it. ..It might be the thing that saves you as it has me.
----------immediate responses--------

Both the daily pledge and the badge (and thought of re-set) have kept me going through the tough times. Telling others I won't drink TODAY keeps me focused on the present day and makes it feel very doable. I'm also very proud of my little star and I want to keep it growing. It's oddly motivating for me. 
.Hmm I glance at these so I'll chip in and say I'm here today though I don't over-stress myself trying to track them all down!..
It saved me a few times.
So true for me too.  Thanks for reminding us!
I Don't Drink. I'm not drinking today.
Yes it works I found myself being sneaky though.....When I had an occasion coming up where I knew I ~~would be tempted to~~ wanted to drink then I would deliberately not make the pledge that day... and inevitably end up drinking - because 'I haven't made any pledge today so I'm not breaking it'. In contrast I can't recall a time i've broken the pledge after making it! Similar story with being active on SD.
Personally I find the pledge is just a fun thing to do in the morning to be part of the community.  Plus I like to scroll through peeps and congratulate   badges !..I don't think the pledge makes me not drink but I do it to have fun in a cultural norm of the community  ..I won't drink today but it's not because I pledged it this morning it's because I made a decision to not drink during lent :)
The pledge and badge have saved me several timestoo! Whatever works right?
I love to drink when I sew. I have to hem today I better pledge I don't want to drink today.
I love the daily! I will not drink today. 
I have very recently quit (well stopped for today at least). I can tell you that I have stared at the screen for 30 minutes before I have actually typed the words and sent it. A lot of powerful stuff happening in my head during the time it takes me write and send those 5 little words "I will not drink today".
The daily pledge helps me also.  It's the first thing I do every morning and I take it seriously in part because I know that others take it seriously also.  ..This is my second weekend with no alcohol and it going fine.
Just to share here's mine:..God grant me for today.Sobriety and Peace.Strength and Love
