-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/494p0b/back_to_day_1/

I managed to get through the worst part of detox yesterday and am resetting my badge for today. After a short bout with cocaine I found myself seeking alcohol to help curb the withdrawal. I had somehow tricked myself into thinking I could moderate but of course couldn't. It wasn't too long before I was back in my old habits of sneaking beers in the walk-in and carrying a flask in my jacket at all times...I do want to apologize for participating yesterday while not technically fully sober. That rule is in place for a reason and I feel like I put the entirety of this great community at risk for my selfishness. For that I do wholeheartedly say I'm sorry and I was wrong for doing it...A thank you to the mods of that time for not banning me. I appreciate it. ..I'm still a little shaky today but thankfully my relapse was shortlived and I honestly think if it wasn't for the fact that even through my relapse I was watching the stopdrinking page that it might have been very much longer...Love you guys.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
What are you going to do differently so this doesn't happen again? I needed lots of support to stay sober. I hope you have what you need. 
For me coke and booze were so intertwined I had to stop both. The idea of doing coke sober makes me go weurgh! Used to feel like my brain was rattling round inside my skull at high speed so I'd invariably hit some shots to cushion the effects. Have you considered Cocaine Anonymous? There's nothing to say you can't try more than one fellowship if that's something you might fancy trying. I found that I needed to speak to people with experience of both as sometimes some alcoholics aren't that sympathetic to other forms of substance misuse. If you feel you were using coke addictively you might benefit from asking yourself what it did for you which for me was a great starting point from which to address how I related to the world. Good luck.
