-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/497pig/moderate_drinking_since_december_a_few_thoughts/

Hello friends..so i've been lurking this subreddit since late december. That's the time when I realized I had a serious drinking problem. Since then I started to work on my drinking habits. Like many of you - first with the goal to get back to moderate drinking. This subreddit was a big help so I thought I should also share my thoughts and story....I am 25 years old now had my first drink with 16 and developed a really bad habit at 22 when my long term girlfriend left me. So the last 3 years I have been drinking heavily and it got worse and worse as months past by. Since I split with my friends and roomates a year ago and started living in my own apartment it got worse. Most of all because of loneliness. I am not completely fucked up but I definitely got a problem. I work out I am finishing my degree I got friends a good relationship with my parents and a wonderful girlfriend. Hell even my grades are quite outstanding and I have no idea how I managed that in the past months. Question is   if I didn't spend almost every evening for the last 12 months drinking (not to blackout level but still 3-5 beers an evening) how much farther would I be at right now?.On the moderation part   I am not too sure if it's working out. I can go without a drink for days and weeks but there is a specific situation where I get serious cravings and often give in. I can drink moderately and quit drinking always as I am out but I get serious relapses which end in 3 day binge drinking whenever I get together with my family or girlfriend (they live in different towns) and then go back to my apartment after a few days spend together. I get so lonely and depressed that I often just give in and start drinking. Next morning my brain is chemically fucked up and I turn to drinking again  and again. Until I quit after three days..I developed a few strategies which help me to avoid the risk of drinking and I would like to share them. Maybe they help some of you folks as well:..-	Working out late: I make it through the day with the plan to get to the gym at 8 or 9 pm. After an hour of working out when I get home and eat I am too tired to even think about drinking...-	Playing a videogame with friends: obviously that's something for the younger generation but it helps a lot. It's like a hobby/sport and social acitivity at the same time...-	Taking a walk: many factors but it helps a lot...-	St John's wort: started taking it in December not sure whether it's placebo or not   but even the process of doing SOMETHING helps...-	Valerian: helps a lot in the evenings when stress kicks in I would normally grab a beer to chill out...-	Sex..I am monitoring my  moderate drinking  for 6 more weeks (when I hit 26 years of age) but as far as I can see  I need to quit completely and somehow find more ways to get through the type of situations which mostly get me..Anyways I just wanted to share. And even though I am still trying to moderate (and that's why I have no badge)   I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

From my experience moderation does not include 3 day binges. Ever.  I wish I had shut down my experiments with "moderation" years earlier than I did. Good luck to you. 
Those are awesome tools to suggest. You're right placebo or not doing something - anything helps even as a test. As they say nothing changes if nothing changes.     .I hope moderating works out for you.
Yeah "success" at moderation can work against us and help us excuse or rationalize the times we really let loose.  ..Because in my experience those binges exceptions lapses whatever we call them are going to happen sooner or later - and the potential consequences are such that even if it's only once every couple of years - it's not acceptable - not when it can kill us or others or teach us more about the ramifications of the word felony than we want to know...
Moderation definitely works for some people but certainly not for everyone.  It would be an excellent idea to set a period of complete abstinence for some period of time before you try to even moderate.  I'd do a minimum of 30 days if I were you.  ..Abstaining for a period will give your body and mind the time it needs to recover and you can learn the skills to drink in moderation if that's a possibility.  Abstaining from alcohol for a period of time will allow you to experience all of the incredibly positive effects of not having alcohol in your life (there are a TON of them)...There is a guy named James Swanwick on YouTube and I'd recommend checking out his channel.  He has a program called the 30 day no alcohol challenge.  ..Best of luck. 
Re:moderation. ..I plan to try this once I am done with lent. I downloaded an app called "drink control"   Haven't used it yet since I'm currently abstinent. But I have a sinking feeling it won't really work for me.  One of the benefits of drinking for me is the reckless abandon I feel when I start. So monitoring it like dosing a prescription will probably just stress me out and take away the fun.  I'm willing to give it a go though :) 
