-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49815k/my_first_post_and_its_a_question/

I stopped drinking for the last time on Feb 15.  There is zero doubt in my mind that I'm done with alcohol.  It wasn't a hard decision to make and I just did it.  No fanfare no big announcement no drama.  My question is how do I make other people that I socialize with that don't have a problem with alcohol comfortable with me not drinking.  I was out with a lifelong friend the other night and he abstained from drinking "out of respect for me." When I told him that I appreciated that but that it wasn't necessary and that I wasn't struggling with this that it was simply a decision that I made he still didn't have that drink.  All of my friends are very long time friends (I'm in my 50's) and they have only ever known the me that loves to party.  I don't want to lose them.  And I don't want to have them feel like they have to adjust around me.  But in my heart I know this will affect how they act towards me.  Please help me with the wording on how to make them feel at ease with the "new me"...EDIT:  Thank you all for the well thought out responses.  I have a feeling I'm going to like this sub.
----------immediate responses--------

The reality is my friends did have to adjust to the new me. I'd gone from being that guy that would be up for getting loaded on Tuesday night to being the responsible one that never drinks. It was an adjustment period for all of us. Most of them are OK with it. Some weren't and I don't see those people too often and that's OK too. 
I've noticed that my parents are super apologetic if we got out for dinner and they decide to order wine. I finally said look I can't live in a bubble just because I don't drink! Please don't feel guilty! It doesn't bother me (it really doesn't). If one of them were on a diet they wouldn't expect me to order a salad out of solidarity. 
This was actually the hardest part for me of getting sober. I didn't want other people to feel they had to change their behavior around me and it seemed nothing I said had any effect. Unfortunately only time seemed to change this where they saw I was really sticking to what I said I was going to do. Also I tried to remember that they were trying to be helpful even when it did not actually help me.
Look at the other side of the coin as your friends seem to be "real friends"!
It's not your job to make them feel comfortable.  If someone chooses not to drink for whatever reason then that's OK.  Maybe your friend was saying that he was doing it out of respect for you but it could be that he also felt some relief at not having to have a drink in order to socialize.  It can become such a default habit to order an alcoholic beverage when meeting up with friends.  If you've been struggling with alcohol issues odds are that others in your social circle may also be thinking about cutting down or abstaining.
I found that none of my friends were ever really uncomfortable with my decision. Sure it was weird when a lot of the things we used to enjoy involved us drinking. But I was still the same person. If they weren't comfortable with me not drinking that was /their/ problem. ..Early on my friends did ask me before bringing beer to my place or even ordering drinks when out getting food which was nice. I appreciated the fact that they wanted to make sure that I was indeed comfortable. It was a bit of a transition but it's not a thing I ever worried about. These days it's back to just normal friend stuff we still hang out go do fun things I just don't drink. no big deal. ..If you're worried about what to say be honest. Let them know that you're making a change in your life and there might be some things that will change with you being sober. If you've been friends for as long as you imply my bet is they'll understand. 
Change is sometimes good and sometimes not so good but it is awkward at first almost all the time. :) But.. think about other changes you've gone through; the ones most of us have. Like.. when you go from single and hanging out with friends and family - to then becoming involved with a romantic partner and later being engaged and then getting married for example. Awkward at first for everyone involved but all get used to it. Another example is going from being parents without children to being parents with children. We are just often in different stages of our journeys than friends and family are and it's OK. We all accept each other once we're over the awkwardness if we really care about the relationships...You're worried about the situation now and perhaps the first thing you need to do is to completely relax about it. If you're tense others will feel it. If you're completely relaxed you will find it easier to say things like: "No no no - honestly; I'm having a great time and you having a drink won't change that!" Or you could say that over the years you've both had to put up with the changes in each others' lives and this is just one of those - no biggie. "Tomorrow *you* might come up with something again and then I'll just have to deal with that too!" :) ..I don't drink so I've had the comments of being a 'spoil sport' 'wet cloth' etc all my life. It depends on who you're with but I've said things like "no; you're paying for it so you drink it" or "no; I don't drink don't smoke and am going to adopt my children" (I do smoke). :) I've also said "It doesn't bother me that you drink at all so don't let it bother you that I don't." That's fair right?..I don't know if this has helped. I hope it has. Most importantly - kudos to you for having stopped. Honestly; that's something to be proud of. The friends that do leave despite your best efforts will be replaced with other ones; maybe even 'better' ones that will match how much you've grown as a person. Because you have. And that is also something to look forward to and another life experience. 
I tell them that the best way to be considerate is not to be considerate at all. They can drink as much or as little as they would normally do it doesn't bother me. I'm also very open about when I get cravings and that's when I'm alone and nothing happens. I tell them that I'd rather be out with them when they're drinking than be on my own. They all seem to be taking it amazingly well but as others have mentioned it's an adjustment period for all of us.
Your friend that abstained from drinking seems like he doesn't require a drink to be satisfied with life. I'd let him abstain if it were me. It's only been 3 weeks; your friends will adjust naturally. Convincing other people to drink was the farthest thing from what I needed to spend my time on in early sobriety. There's nothing you can say to speed up the process of adjustment either. But I found that my good friends stuck around. They can handle it!
I understand what you mean. However if these are real friends you have known for a long time I would bet they recognize that drinking is not good for you...Just tell them. 
For me if the subject comes up I try and change the subject asap and just get on with not drinking. I someone says "ahh well done" (in that kind of patronising way) I just say "thanks" then ask how their kids are or whatever! ..But I never announce or say the words; "I've stopped drinking for good" ; to me that it just tempting fate and adding pressure to yourself. After all you/I have a lot of life left ahead of us; yes we do not wish to drink again and of course don't intend to but the reality is that I cannot predict the future if I was really pressured I would just say; "I'm just not drinking at the moment" to me this statement doesn't have much air or arrogance or apply pressure. 
To an alcoholic to abstain from drinking for someone else is a heroic act.  To a normal person he/she just had something else to drink not a big deal.  I wouldn't worry about it.  Maybe you'll be a good example :)
Think of it this way -- he really might not have wanted to have that drink that much. You see abstaining as a large sacrifice because that's your relationship to alcohol. Your friend may have thought nothing of not having a drink or he may have liked the opportunity to abstain. ..Don't overthink *his* decision because it is his. And seems like a good friend! 
I found that after 2 months sober my friends just stopped questioning it and accepted I was sober. ..The bigger danger is after feeling all the benefits of sobriety you start to let yourself think you are missing out by not drinking. This is what led me to relapse... where I learned exactly what I was missing out on (I'll give you a clue none of it was positive).
Not sure if it'll work but maybe just saying something like "I don't like it anymore" ?..Also they'll probably get used to it at some point. It's only been a few weeks and it's a big change in their minds so they might take a while to adjust.
Maybe your friend didn't really want to drink ... Maybe your sobriety works for him too.... i kind of dance around the room celebrating my sobriety but I don't really get bothered if others drink around me.  I think we are all allocated xx glasses of wine in this life and I drank mine all in one go I can't be mad at the people who showed more restraint and still have a huge stockpile... My bad..... I have no shame in telling people I drank mine and possibly theirs as well lol... On a serious note Your friends are on their own journey through life and I guess if you want them to respect your choice not to drink then you in turn will need to let them make their own choices about what they drink and how much they drink when they hang out with you.  My advice is to take the opportunity to Be gracious and humble and accept the friendship offered to you
