-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/499a0m/relapsed_when_i_tried_to_cut_sweets_out_of_my/

Up until about 3 years ago I was drunk 6 days a week. We all have our stories so I won't go into detail but I stopped drinking. It was difficult but I only relapsed a few times near the beginning. I didn't seek professional help or a support group but I found sweet baked goods eased my cravings...Fast forward to this January my partner and I decided to start tracking expenses. He finds out I binge eat donuts candy and pies at least twice a day. I try to stop but I'm getting major cravings and not just for sweets. I'm craving alcohol worse than I ever remember craving it. To the point where I relapsed and had a night drinking - first time in over 2 years...Is it normal for an alcoholic to replace alcohol with sugar? Anyone else had/have this problem? I'm not sure what to do. Staying away from both seems too hard but both are quite unhealthy.
----------immediate responses--------

I am not a doctor and therefore I have no special knowledge about whether sweets have much biologically to do with alcohol cravings (I believe I have read some things that support that but I certainly don't have any deep understanding of it). ..I know for myself that I try to frame my own ideas when I'm struggling with cravings in terms of failures in my own thinking rather than looking for things outside of myself to blame. I fully believe the tenet that alcohol addiction is not a "drinking" problem but a "thinking" problem and as such it's not so much what I'm eating or anything outside of me that matters as much as what I'm internalizing mentally.
Hmm.... I've only really achieved early sobriety and relapses but I've had immense sugar cravings but figured they'd just go away....I was actually wanting to get rid of them this week but now I'm concerned after hearing your story..Sorry I couldn't add much value but I hope you get back on the sober wagon after having so much success. You should speak abotu this with your partner. 
To much to soon. I cut out all sugar that is not naturally occurring at about 14 months sober. I feel amazing today and feel like that whole first year was almost a taper after freeing myself from sugar. That being said at 3 weeks....it's too much to tackle all at once. get a good solid grab on one then tackle the next. 
One thing I do to help with my sweets cravings is to keep cinnamon discs and lemon drops around. If I have one or two of those it does me for hours. ..It's not very deep but it FWIW!
Your body gets addicted to sugar just like ethanol.  Watch some documentaries on sugar in America :) ..
I started running a lot when I stopped drinking and between increased caloric needs and cutting out the wine I had some serious cravings. I felt like I was on a hunger roller coaster and definitely turned to sweets more than I should have...I really don't know enough to explain it but metabolism is incredibly complex. It's crazy to me to think about all of the hormone signalling and regulation going on to handle the simple act of eating a cookie or anything for that matter. Cravings come along as my conscious self's flawed way of interpreting all of those signals. Add in the psychological components and the fact that sugar is addictive and it's a big beautiful mess...Maybe you can try tapering down instead of cutting it out. Mentally and physically that might be easier. I'm starting with little changes like substituting dried fruit for candy. Hope everything works out for you. :)
I did it at the same time. And cut out all grains dairy soy and legumes!  Added in good fats -- avocado coconut olives and nuts.  I have had zero physical craving for alcohol (plenty of psychological) have lost over 30# my mind is clearer and I have more energy.  I don't believe in the "too much too soon" mentality -- it's all taxing on my body so why not stop and eat the foods my body really needs like protein and lots of vegetables...It's no different than not drinking -- have what I want in the house not what I don't want and make the choice every day to do it. 
Yes. I struggle with this some too. I have greatly reduced my sugar intake in the last month or so. Reading about sugars impact on brain chemistry has helped me be more diligent about my consumption. Additionally reading about it helps me understand that it is an unhealthy addiction that when focused I can control. .."Contemporary research has shown that a high number of alcohol-dependent and other drug-dependent individuals have a sweet preference specifically for foods with a high sucrose concentration. Moreover both human and animal studies have demonstrated that in some brains the consumption of sugar-rich foods or drinks primes the release of euphoric endorphins and dopamine within the nucleus accumbens in a manner similar to some drugs of abuse." http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20648910
Sugar queen here.... Stopped drinking and smoking and embraced my inner sugar goddess.  Now her reign too needs to come to an end but it is a work in progress for me.  Being fat is not appealing but it is who I am now... A great motivator to give up sugar...but I have been sober for 18 months and I am still going easy on myself on the sugar thing.  It's not good for me but there is only so much that I can deal with at any given time.
