-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49a0dd/reset_after_5_days_how_do_you_guys_do_it/

It seems like 5 days is the most I ever go without resetting. Then day 5 hits and I'm drunk the rest of the month. I keep trying to get back on it immediately and just try again but it gets discouraging. Especially seeing you all on here there that have gone months and years. I want to be there. Anyone else just relapse?
----------immediate responses--------

No I haven't relapsed but you sound like someone who needs more support. Rehab outpatient a therapist and AA were what kept me sober. I couldn't do it alone. I hope you find the support you need. There's help if you want it. 
Aa worked for me after I tried unsuccessfully to stop on my own for a long time.   AA is great.   And I'm an agnostic.
Sobriety didn't just happen for me and I was not on my first attempt either.  It had to become my number one priority in life.  It came before family work and friends.  I needed to go to rehab and get support in many areas of my life.  The big change came when I accepted and embraced the fact that I would never drink again.  Getting over that first hump was the toughest and I could not do it alone.  Making myself accountable to a home group and learning how to call people and ask for help was really important in my recovery.  
Well I personally decided not to drink during lent so it wasn't a struggle each morning like "should I drink today or shouldn't I?" The decision was already made for me.  ..Prior to making my decision to quit for 46 days I did a LOT of research. I lurked here. I read endlessly about the effects of ethanol on the liver brain and nervous system. I listened to Alan Carr's "Easy way to control alcohol" (he even says you can keep drinking during the time your'e reading the book!). And I did keep drinking and cataloging the negative effects it had on my life. I read about what happens to your body when you stop drinking and embraced it all when it was happening. The night sweats the irritability all of it. It was my body ditching the poison and rebuilding! And for me that's motivation enough to keep the sober train going. Plus... I can find other little free endorphin boosts fro mworking out or sex. or whatever...I guess I'm sorta like everyone else here. Not drinking didn't just randomly happen to me. It was a conscious decision and I remind myself every day of the recovery of my brain.  That's what keeps me going personally =) I read these two posts every single day...https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4686xx/some_science_on_drinking_abstinence_and_relapse/..I'm almost to day 28 - reverse of fatty liver disease.  And in just one more week after that (Week 5) I get double the new neurons! And after that... I might as well stay sober for another 3 weeks since by month 2 "Cognitive deficits regarding attention and concentration reaction time verbal learning ability verbal abstract reasoning and verbal short-term reasoning are generally back to normal levels." And I'm really excited for that!! There's no amazing timeline for drunkenness  (well.. there's a timeline but it's all like... brain matter degeneration liver disease nervous system failure alzheimers whatever).  I'd much rather be on the rebuilding timeline!!..When you decide to stop you'll stop.  Til then keep considering the idea!
I got help through out patient rehab AA and now here. One of the great things I learned in AA was to watch and listen to those with long term sobriety. There are many here. Sobriety is top priority for me. I don't take it for granted.
Being on SD made me realize I needed an INTENSE plan early on to get me through those early weeks.  I have learned so much here.  Basically if I had any free time at all those first few weeks then they were focused on staying sober.  Whatever it took I did it.  White knuckling through this stuff failed for me for twenty years.  My willpower sucks BUT I am a hard worker so having a plan and working the hell out of it has been a success.  I don't plan to let up anytime soon.  I have a lot of liquor drinking years to rewire.  I hope you find your path and work the hell out of it.  That is what it takes in my opinion.
Yes I've just relapsed stuck in the cycle. The reason is that I haven't been taking sobriety seriously enough. I need to start putting it top priority and understanding just how valuable it is...Just because I've got a strong craving or I've gone two weeks so I may as well reward myself are not good reasons to drink when weighed against the immense benefits of sobriety. My brain will always be able to rationalise an excuse I just need to have a better one!
For me I had to finally understand that there was no other way to live besides sobriety. Homeless multiple organ failure surgery all the good stuff. I couldn't just up and change how I lived the majority of my life on my own. Once I was able to finally ask for help I got it and kept going. Rehab led to sober living sober living to AA and now I either do something like a meeting or fun event or work with alcoholics most days of the week.  
I am like the post below where they gave up for lent. No choice or decision needed. I gave up until I hit a weight target I have lost 14 lbs and some to go. .I did blood tests recently not bad but not 100% either after 6 weeks..So even if I had lost all the weight I wanted to I wouldn't even think about drinking until I got my liver and kidneys working properly. By then I might have locked in sobriety the benefits which continue to accrue. I don't think I want to go back to wrecking my health and the rest of my life. .Not exactly your textbook SD response I think most would say go to AA or similar good idea. 
I'm a chronic relapser too but this time around I've changed my perspective on alcohol. Instead of thinking alcohol is my best buddy I finally see it as a poison that has corroded my life and it needs to go now before it does any more damage...Support from my AA sponsor means a lot too. I met her for lunch when I wanted to go get my usual Sunday mimosa and we had Indian food instead. We ran through my to do list and took a look at what I could do if I got a craving. ..Sorry for rambling... My point is perspective and support is what I'm currently running on. I hope it helps.
Stay. Fucking. Busy. That and not putting myself in compromising positions letting other people know that I was not drinking AA is something I didn't do consistently but lately I'm revisiting that it's a great resource and one to take advantage of. ..One day at a time.
I know this might sound really dramatic but for me it took a decision that I was going to quit drinking or die trying. I have had to do a lot of things and make a lot of changes in my life in order to carry out this decision but the decision itself has never wavered.
There was more to quitting than just quitting for me. I basically lived in SD writing posting replying to stay in a quit mindset. I tried AA. I used a personal therapist. Read addiction literature. Introspected A LOT. Made lists. Thwarted triggers. Hunkered down following dry friends dry places. I binged netflix played a random video game in deep of night when I'd normally drink. When i was ~3 weeks out and sleeping/eating/feeling better i took up exercise with a passion.     .Quitting isn't just a decision it's like a machine shop filled with tools and it's a matter of going thru as many as i needed to get job done. 
Keep at it. I've relapsed many times I do go to AA but not too often but even so I benefit greatly from going and meeting people in real life and hearing their stories. So much of them resonates with me. That and checking in here on a daily basis has helped me so much. 
Yeah. My depression is killing me. Only Black Velvet helps.
I quit for a long(ish) time in 2012/13 then went back to drinking for about 2 years. When I felt sufficient shame for some drunken actions that's when I decided to stop. It's gotten to the point where not drinking isn't a decision that I think to make. If I'm in a supermarket and I accidentally walk through the booze aisle I know I'm not going to stop to check out the Cabernet...The other side of that is that I read stories from people much worse off and more acutely addicted than I was and the thought creeps in that "maybe you're not as bad as you thought and you can drink" but I've formed the habit of replying "yeah I can but I choose not to"...I think the fact that I stopped out of shame made it easy though because not drinking was a relief from waking up hoping I didn't message some girl on FB or text my ex.
&gt; I want to be there.  ..Sounds like your Ego is playing tricks on you. ..Not meaning to make it sound simple; but really the basic underlying premises is just that you "WANT" to quit. Usually the pain caused by drinking outweighs the perceived benefits at this point. ..Thereafter of course there is hard work in changing habits and learning years/decades of behaviour. ..&gt; Especially seeing you all on here there that have gone months and years...It regards to the statement above; again this is a cruel trick by your ego. Think about this logically; the numbers other people show on their profile here really should mean little to nothing to you/me. 1 day or 1000 days it's irrelevant; just being sober is all that we really have or need to have in common with each other. Everything to you to improve your life is just for YOU it's nothing to do with anyone else so you need to stop comparing yourself to others and try and keep that Ego in check so it doesn't lead you astray.
I quit drinking for my loved ones. Im staying sober for me.
I can't remember who posted this the other day but watching this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CrTlI6seM0A) helped to solidify a few things for me. If that opens your eyes there are a lot of other videos and resources out there to help you at the tip of your googling fingers :)..
