-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49al37/starting_over_right_now/

I just dumped out a 90% full bottle of vodka because I'm done with this again. I relapsed about 2 months ago while lying to myself about being able to drink in moderation. I know it's a lie. The problem is that I never really did feel good in the year-ish that I was dry. I started abusing some medications to fill the void that alcohol left. I just wish so much that I would have never touched a drop of alcohol in my life so I couldn't know what I was missing. I've never used any kind of illegal drug and not knowing what they're like makes me have no desire to touch them. But it's too late for alcohol. I need to get over my pride and get help with this before it destroys me. One thing I know for sure is that I going to do everything I can to discourage my kids from ever trying alcohol so they never have to feel like I do right now. I guess this had been more of a rant of my thoughts but thanks for reading :)
----------immediate responses--------

Rants are what the internet was made for and what a good deal of SD services :) Lurk comment and post how you need to work thru it all. One of the best things is coming up with a gameplan to cope thru cravings and withdrawls. Kind of hard when first starting out why therevs so many resets and lapses. But keep trying. The sidebar is filled with great info in FAQ.    .Welcome to SD you can do this. In sobriety I have found a great deal of freedom. 
There is still 10% left in that bottle that needs to be dumped. Also if you have any other alcohol dump it...You're right we drink to fill the void but if we're not working on that void we'll go back to drinking...I wish I will educate me kids to do things in moderation. I don't want them to great alcohol I want then to respect it. To know that there's a way to deal with their problem intelligently and not by employing bottles in themselves. The problem is not alcohol it is us.
Glad you're here good on you   
&gt;I've never used any kind of illegal drug and not knowing what they're like makes me have no desire to touch them...I've tried a whole bunch of illegal drugs and most of them were super fun. I had a really good time. But I never had a problem with them. They never made me behave unacceptably they never made me late for work or school and I don't go around missing the feeling they gave me...But I did have all of those problems with alcohol. All those various other drugs were and are other people's bane and specifically alcohol was mine...The idea of knowing what I'd be missing was what made it so hard for me to come around to giving alcohol up entirely too...So while it's understandable and reasonable that you'd discourage your kids from ever trying alcohol I think we can never know for sure in advance what the individual person's Achilles heel is. I'm the only person in my immediate social group who has a serious dysfunction when it comes to alcohol for example. But one of the guys in the group has a gambling problem which is something I am not predisposed for. 
Welcome back! No relapse is a failure just another chance to try again.
