-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49bz61/resetting_my_badge/

Morning folks. Happy-ish Monday. ..I'm officially resetting my badge as of this weekend. I had one and a half glasses of red wine on Saturday night. I didn't get drunk and didn't wake up with a hangover but I drank all the same. I don't feel it was a total relapse as I didn't black out throw up or generally embarrass myself but I do need to be honest with myself.  It is good to know that I can moderate my drinking if I'm with sensible people (we took my gran out to dinner so all had our sensible hats on) and I will continue to completely avoid alcohol if I'm with say my heaver drinker friends - those are the situations when I drink to the point of blacking out and totally embarrass myself! 
----------immediate responses--------

Personally it's been waaaaaAAAAAAAAY easier to just not drink at all than it was to only drink "one or two" when I was around my moderate drinking friends. For me I found out that once I started rationalizing "having a few" it was a tiny little step to "having a few more" and then all bets were off. ..So now I simply don't let other people's drinking habits dictate mine.  Like I said I found not drinking at all a lot easier (and less guilt-ridden and stressful) than only having one...Be careful and good luck :)
For me as we say one drink is too many and 100 is not enough. For me one drink would be stepping off a cliff and falling into oblivion. No matter what else I do each day if I refrain from taking that first drink I'm ahead of the game. Best of luck.
My loss of 4.5 years sober began with one beer. It took 12 years to put down the bottle again.
Someone on this site recommended substituting the word "heroin" for "alcohol" and see if what you are saying still feels reasonable. So I imagine someone saying to me "I had two shots of heroin on Saturday night. It's good to know I can moderate my heroin use if I'm with sensible people."
&gt; It is good to know that I can moderate my drinking if I'm with sensible people..I could probably have one drink right now and it wouldn't be a problem. The *problem* is that it's not a solution that works over long periods of time across multiple contexts. So I choose not to drink *today.*
