-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49fjov/addictive_personality_where_to_change_the_focus/

So I am doing gangbusters with the not drinking thing. At ease confident not living in fear of a relapse support out the whazoo. That's all good...But now that I have gotten over that initial hurdle other things are creeping in to fill the void. And while some of those things are great such as cooking more and getting more exercise instead of drinking one thing in particular is not so good...For a long time (basically as long as I had been a drinker) I would chew tobacco. I never smoked ever. It would largely happen when I drank and near the end of my drinking career that meant it happened pretty regularly pretty much every day. But on the rare occasions when I would go for any decent amount of time without drinking chewing was never a problem. Barely even a desire...So with kicking drinking I figured kicking chew would be easy-peasy. And it was at first. But some part of me brought me back to it. The part of me that wants to do things it's not supposed to do. Yeah I've filled the drinking void with lots of things but they aren't verboten. They aren't secrets I keep or things I only do in private...So now I've got another thing I need to quit. But it's not the same as alcohol. It doesn't damage relationships the same way. It doesn't leave me a sweaty headachey mess in the morning. It doesn't affect my ability to perform well in whatever I do. It's a bad habit I want to stop...But can I transfer the same strategies I used to stop drinking to stop chewing? Or is this a sort of post-drinking phase where I go overboard with a "replacement" and then it gradually dies off like it did recently for chocolate sweets and fancy soda-pops?..I've conquered my main demon but this little demon is hanging on. How can I get rid of him? It's not a physically addicted situation and seems to be purely psychological/habitual...Also there is minimal risk that this may in some way lead to me drinking. The relationship between the two went the other way...So any tips for dealing with those substitute addictions that can come up once drinking is out of the picture?
----------immediate responses--------

So congratulations on "kicking the drinking" habit!  ..Initially my focus was on "Not Drinking".  It was a struggle for me unlike for you.  Then I worked on myself with a host of tools and methods (therapy mindfulness fellowship Life Training AA meetings etc.).  When I do the work I get to  the place of "Sober Living" or more accurately for me "Conscious Living."  ..I've discovered that being an 'alcoholic' was just one layer of the onion and after I got through that layer (and others) I discovered that I'm actually a "Self-oholic".  As you point out alcohol is a symptom.  It can when indulged become a PRIMARY problem in and of itself.  However at the core I'm The Problem.  Take a look at this and let me know what you think:.https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/48g3hp/alcohol_is_not_my_problem_i_am_my_problem/..
I have seen the results of chewing. Mouth and tongue cancer is not only ugly but it is deadly just like alcoholism. I hope you find the help you need to get well. 
This is me right now. I used to  buy a can here and there and it would last a couple weeks. Now I'm sober and have been going threw a can every few days. My gums are starting to hurt andbjm still overeating and stuff. I don't know its better than drinking. I'm gonna let myself go on this stuff until I've had some more sober time then slowly work on it with the some cognitive behavioral therapy tactics maybe.
