-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49hnm9/having_trouble_finding_reasons_to_stay_sober/

I'm struggling to find any reason to stay sober. I know all my issues are nothing compared to other people's problems. I know I have a lot of "things" going for me I'm an attractive guy who's kind and I finished my PhD a little over a year ago. I was (am) an alcoholic and was 18 months sober (from alcohol) when I completed my dissertation. I caved when I celebrated finishing and drank which led to 5 months of me "moderately" drinking. I quit again because it caused a super relapse in my depression and was fighting to get better. At the end of November I lost my prestigious post doctoral research job (despite my salary being covered) and it made me feel less than worthless. Despite that set back I continued with my sobriety. But after 6 months of sobriety I recently started drinking again. I don't have a job. I have a loving and supportive family that I feel like I'm just letting them down. And it's killing me. I feel terrible that the only time my mood is elevated is when I'm drinking. It's awful. I used to have a huge drive to better myself but being unemployed has made it difficult to want to stay sober when there's an easy rush a euphoria when I drink. I've posted here before under another name but can't figure out my old password haha. Everyone here is so supportive and was important to my sobriety in the past. I just can't find a reason to not drink anymore. I keep trying to think of ones but none of them can discount the fact that I'm actually happy when I drink and I'm depressed when I'm sober; I hate it. Any advice is welcome. Thank you for reading a wall of text you guys are the best .
----------immediate responses--------

When I read your post every sentence is a reason not to drink. All of what you lost to alcohol the biggest being your self worth and drive. .Drinking make nothing better including your mood. There are other ways to elevate your mood
Unemployed is only a temporary state were as alcolism  isn't unless you decide it is. Alcohol can give you a temporary reprieve from your daily life. I know its depressing to have a PhD and not be working. Alcohol will provide you with short term happiness... but in the end it will suck all that happiness out of you. It took my education and my friends from me I flunked my leaving cert because I was too messed up on drink and drugs. I never attend class because I was off taking drugs. Missing days because I was to sick to get out of bed. I went into a deep depression and felt my life was over. My drinking and drug use increased then life really started falling apart my friends didn't want anything got to do with me anymore . 5 years later and I have come to the realisation that nothing has changed and had only gotten worse. I could have been more productive in does years. I regret it. 
Agreeing with most people here who say just about every sentence is a reason not to drink. It took me a while to understand that...My main reason is I don't have kids or a house or a wife. If I kept on the path of drinking daily I would wind up not gaining those things that I want but most likely burning my bridges to get them. I saw it through my first addiction cycle. Great girl? OK bye. A house to look forward too? No I need that money for booze so I'll move into a cheaper shit tier apt. At the rate I was going I would never go deep sea fishing a dream of mine. Enjoy a wedding a birth or the purchase of a new home...I stopped so that I could see these dreams ever have a chance of being real...Depression haunts me daily in my sober life but this time I'm going to go out and seek therapy to help me with it instead of living with it like I deserve it. ..We can do this together for today I shall not drink with you all day.
