-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49oyk5/former_drinkers_of_reddit_how_did_you_stop/

I'm really struggling to quit. I'm writing this with the worst hangover I've had in a long time. I don't want to join AA or rehab. I drink 2-3 days a week which doesn't sound like a lot but when I drink I DRINK. It's to the point my body is so sore. I'm seeking helpful and kind tips and suggestions. I know I need to stop but I can't seem to stop asking friends to go for wine happy hour etc. Thanks...EDIT: thank you so much for your incredible kindness advice help tools and resources. This is truly going to be a long road but a road I am thankful to be able to walk. 
----------immediate responses--------

Currently for me I can try and boil my situation down to these three things: ..1.Influence - Avoid people and places (I've turned down quite a few invites now) and you need to also PLAN if you cannot avoid a venue where there could be temptation....2.Routine - Need to make some relatively big changes; for me activities and behaviours when I would have usually have been buying and then binging (i.e. gym hobbies etc). ...3.Education - for at least the first three weeks I listened to alcohol related audiobooks. Essentially the aim is to fundamentally alter my perception of what alcohol is. (this is a big one given the decades of programming and society's message that drink is 'safe' and 'accepted'). ...Underlying the above was also the strong feeling that now was the time and I WANT to stop (presumably some people feel they should or would like to stop but this could be different to actually wanting to). ..(copied from previous comments I posted a couple of days ago)
When you throw up barriers to your recovery you are unnecessarily challenging yourself. To me your post is essentially.."I'm drowning please save me but only with a red and white life saver any other color and I won't even touch it!"..Why not try anything and everything with an open mind?
Have been sober for 51 days and like you my body was screaming that I was slowly killing myself. My liver would actually hurt mornings were just horrible. And like you I did not want to go to AA (live in a small town where I was embarrassed/ashamed that others would find out). I finally got up enough nerve and attended a meeting last week. It makes a huge difference in that I know others can help. This site has been a wonderful but actually listening to others at the meeting have been eye opening. Went away a few weeks ago and had friends that just told me to "live it up and enjoy the vacation". But I did not drink but questioned what kind of friend would say that? 
The most helpful thing I did was go to AA...I have at least moderate reading comprehension abilities I know you said you don't want to go but guess what? No one wants to go. I go because I have to go because it's the crucial key to my continued sobriety not because I want to go. I recommend you open yourself up to the idea. By setting foot in one meeting you aren't committing to anything more than an hour of your time.
When you are well and truly at the point where getting sober is your top priority in life you have to be willing to do whatever it takes...What works for one may not work for anotherbut the majority of sober people worked very hard to attain that state..Often included are AA therapists rehab in patient or outpatient and total inclusion into a program of recovery...I am no judge no jury but until you put down the "I don't want" and get to. the "I'll do anything" all's I have to offer you is good luck
I summarize how I quit in my [Sunday Solution](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3vn5g7/sunday_solutions_my_plan_and_path_from_day_1_to/?) post - thrre's some others linked via the sidebar too. ..I admitted finally that I had a problem and opened my eyes to the costs of my drinking especially the risks to my health. I weathered the withdrawals as if I was sick and needed to heal.  Substitution drinks were useful whenever I had an urge - I stocked up on sparkling water. Distractions got me through my free time - gaming especially and reading netflix and walking. I lay low from socializing everything was missable if alcohol was involved...I focused on putting as much time as possible between me and my last drink day-by-day. Long-term sober was unimaginable so I used a 30 day initial goal increasing to 60 90 120 days - after 4 months I accepted sober as a better way for me to stay something clicked it all seemed easier and I really set about building and living my sober life.
For me AA was what helped me stay stopped. It isn't the only path but I found the support of other sober alcoholics absolutely essential. Somehow I was able to listen to them trust that they understood where I was coming from and take their suggestions. Have you considered another self-help group like SMART recovery? Maybe group therapy?
I'm somewhat in the same boat as you inasmuch as I have (had) all the reasons in the world why I don't "need" to stop drinking but a bunch of reasons that I should stop...The reasons for and against haven't changed over the years.  I just decided recentlty (three days ago) to sack up and do it.  I have nothing to lose inasmuch as there's no benefit to me drinking any more and all sorts of reasons not to drink...I used to do one month a year of not drinking to make sure I could but that was really (I see now) just more of an excuse to justify my continued drinking...It basically comes down (for me) to realizing you're worth it and deserve the good things that will come from not drinking and that you don't deserve the bad things that come with it.
Whenever someone says AA is not for them I assume they get nervous about the religious aspect. To each their own...However the "AA Big Book" is still worth a read. You can skip over the preachy parts or any paragraph with God in it that makes you uncomfortable. The book has a ton of really relatable insightful and hard hitting elements. Definitely check it out even if you don't attend a meeting...Otherwise keep alcohol out of the house. No need for extra temptation. Tell all your buddies you have a drinking problem and need support. Everyone I have told so far has been extremely open and helpful. I think we get so used to keeping our shameful drinking habits a secret that we keep sobriety a secret. There is nothing wrong with acknowledging a problem though. You'll feel a lot better and have a much higher chance of success if your issue is out in the open and you really want to stop...Also be aware of the concept of a "dry drunk" who doesn't drink but still thinks about it constantly relives the "glory days" etc. You want to go from "not drinking" to "sober" which means having healthy replacement hobbies and activities that really fulfill you.
For me the first step was getting help for my depression because I realized I was self-medicating with alcohol. It doesn't sound like this is similar to your problem so you can ignore that step if you want (just telling you what I had to do). The second step was to check in here every day--for the first week or so I think it was almost every HOUR lol. Posting here and reading others posts really helped a lot. I do the daily check in every morning as part of my routine. Third thing that helped was replacement. Avoiding alcohol was/is important to my sobriety but it can't always be avoided so I always make sure to have a replacement drink handy. Coffee or LA Croix are my drinks of choice. Also when I had a craving I just replace 'beer' in my thought with 'LA Croix'. Like 'boy I'm stressed I need a .LA Croix!'. At first this seemed silly to me but after a couple months it's become natural. I don't even crave beer...I crave LA Croix lol ;) Best wishes to you. You can do it!
Treating it the same way I quit smoking. By saying NO MORE and meaning it. ..Taking a new interest in fitness and losing weight...Drinking tea in the evenings - never been a tea drinker and I really enjoy it...My wife and I both staying accountable to one another..Seeing positive changes already really helps with motivation. 
I was drinking less frequently than you currently are when I stopped and I go to AA meetings.  If quitting is a priority to you then there might be some things you need to do for yourself that you don't want to do (i.e. aa or rehab) in order to stop and stay stopped.  Also just because you don't want to join AA or go to rehab now doesn't mean that you will feel that way in the future so be open to that.  It could be that one of those two options will actually make quitting easier and improve your life.  You deserve sobriety if it is something you are wanting and feel ready for!  
Echo /u/yourpaleblueeyes
Hi so everyone is saying AA. I am not doing AA BUT I have a support group of sober friends and am able to spend time socializing with them instead of going to the bar to fill that need. They are also super to chat with about the challenges of not drinking. I also have a dog that loves long walks and I love doing stuff at home - Netflix puzzles phone app games reading. Point being fill your time with positive things affirmation self-reflection getting outdoors exercise whatever you love to do that drinking got in the way of. Dog walks are my meditation time. I was a 3 - 4 times a week after work binge drinker too. Still in my infancy stage of sobriety and feeling incredible. You can do it!! Edit: also I am going to bed earlier and getting up earlier just by not drinking. No alarm is making me do this I wake up naturally. Crazy!
I drank until I simply ran out of options and was completely broken and desperate. I always had answers plans buts and ifs and I was not in a position to surrender completely. Basically alcohol persuaded me to surrender. Then I found help.
Alcoholics Anonymous...Since September 8 1983
I read Allen Carr's book. I was pretty skeptical though I did my best to read it and be open to the idea it might work. I also really struggled to follow his instructions to "start off in a happy frame of mind". I didn't *do* happiness. The best I had was absence of active misery and occasionally contentment. ..It worked for me. If you prefer it in audio book why not give it a shot?..Good luck! 
I've found that you can go to almost any AA meeting and they'll be pretty welcoming. All the meetings are different. You may find one you like. There is literally zero bar to entry (no pun intended). I don't know where you are but usually a quick google search will turn up solid results. Anyone can go to most meetings just to check them out.
[here is how I did it](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44s0dd/1000_days/?)
I subconsciously/ consciously did it like you did but I did do some AA after my quit date. It did me good. 
You have to recognize what your trigger is and avoid it at all costs. You have to start *every* day deciding not to drink. Studies have shown that heavy drinking is usually premeditated; that is you have decided that you will get drunk long before the drinking starts...For me my trigger is drinking alone. I travel for work and would get bored so I'd buy a 12 pack. I'd tell myself I'd only drink a few that it would last a week but deep down I knew better. I'd always end up buying another the next day. ..So I stopped buying beer when I travel. No drinking when I'm alone period. Other than that I allow myself one a day if I am home with my family. Just one not a 24oz beer not a high alcohol content beer ONE serving that's it. I find I can control one that I don't really crave it. Hell some days I just don't have one even though I "could". If I run out? No big deal...You can still go out with friends just drink club soda or whatever. Most people don't care if you don't drink alcohol. Ultimately you have to decide to stop drinking until you make that decision you'll just keep drinking. And remember regretting the pain of a hangover is not the same as deciding to stop drinking. (Posting here is a good step though!)
I drank successfully for 10 years and loved it then fought it for another 10 years hating it.  The mental and physical withdrawals became literally (I went to a psych ward) unbearable and I got to a point where I was going to have to commit to drinking 24/7 or commit to sobriety 24/7.  A lot of people here probably found their own personal rock bottoms and that's what turns the tide.  
I was a daily drinker I got drunk virtually every day for years.  Often it was against my own will. I went to rehab was introduced to AA there and have not looked back. I needed a lot of support &amp; encouragement. 
I got Lyme disease and had to go on antibiotics for 6 weeks. I wouldn't recommend it but since I couldn't drink I stuck with it.
I did 90 meetings in 90 days. I didn't want to but nothing else was working. 
I'm coming up on a year without drinking and did it without AA or rehab. It's absolutely possible to do it without those things. I've read recovery books (I recommend Allen Carr and Sarah Hepola's books) read posts here weekly and have found substitutions for my trigger times. .I used to pour my first overflowing wine glass the moment I got home at 6pm. I first substituted with huge bowls of ice cream then transitioned to big glasses of grapefruit or orange juice. That need for something has slowly wained but I still purposefully treat myself when I'm feeling stressed. Just not with wine!.I took time away from drinking situations for the first few months (met friends for coffee a movie or at a diner that doesn't serve alcohol). Then when back in drinking situations I had a plan (bring my own non-alcoholic drinks drive myself so I can leave whenever possibly have a good meal beforehand). I told those who I was close to that I was quitting and new people are told that I can't drink due to a medical issue - which isn't a lie. :).Sending you love and strength!
[removed]
Well I tried to quit in 2012 and managed about 3/4 months and I had a great time (and some horrible ones) but ended up deciding that I obviously wasn't that bad because I could quit for that amount of time. I decided to only drink in moderation from then on...That didn't happen though. What actually happened was I started making conditions like "I won't drink alone" or "I won't buy booze on the way home from the pub". These conditions were broken with excuses like "it's friday/saturday" or "I'm off tomorow so I'll have a bottle of win". I also made little rules like "if I ever get into a fight when drunk or I piss the bed or I drive while drunk - I'll quit again"...In the end though the conditions were all broken and I ended up on a bottle of wine most nights of the week often followed by a trip to the shops before closing to get a couple of beers. I mainly drank alone and that landed me in a very dull and depressing life...Anyway what finally spurred me to quit was finding out I'd been an absolute dick to a girl I was seeing when I'd had too much wine and whiskey (they don't go well together) although I think that was more of a culmination of a few shameful situations; like drinking my housemate's booze in a horrible cocktail of wine port and some spirit or other just because I'd finished my wine and I wanted to keep the buzz going...So that one day 20th September 2015 I decided I'm not going to do that anymore. The previous quitting had given me the tools to get through the first few months and the failure to follow through gave me the perspective to stay quit...I'm not into the whole AA group therapy thing. This guy was a real help because he just talks sense about quitting drinking. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtg0ZX0gyl0
There are no easy ways shortcuts or magic cures. It's an addiction a habit and it takes time and determination to break it. There are loads of support organisations available where you will find awesome people who really want to help you and offer you coping strategies. To make an analogy someone can open the door for you but you have to walk through it yourself. I wish you all the best. Watching Penn and Teller's episode of BS called "Twelve-stepping" helped me realise why AA wouldn't be helpful to me. There are other options such as SMART recovery or Mindfulness techniques. If you're determined to quit don't take that first drink. It does get easier and it's definitely infinitely worth it.
I was the same as you. Not a daily drinker but multiple binges per week. This went for about 10 or 12 years it's difficult to say an exact number but let's just say I wasted quite some time and of course money...I quit because I found myself living a life I didn't find desireable in any way. I also decided that I finally didn't want to make an ass out of myself anymore. I decided that I don't want to wake up not knowing exactly what I said and did the night before. I decided that I don't want to deal with all the embaressment anymore. My life was a complete failure I was depressed broke jobless and felt like everything was just completely hopeless. I had messed up several attempts at getting an education so I could one day be a functioning member of society as a result I had no chance to get a real job to make a living for myself. I was completely depending on friends and family just to get by. Drinking was a way of escaping from all that shit if only temporary I could feel good about things and not think too much about where I was headed and how life was just passing by as a series of failures and disappointment. Funny how I was always broke but still found ways to spend money on booze. I wouldn't kill myself because I was too much of a coward and I didn't want to do this to the people in my life I love but man I hated life. The hangovers were getting more intense with the years the blackouts longer and the embarassment over my words and actions had reached an intensity I could even feel in my numbed down state of mind. I hadn't been giving many fucks about any of this since it felt absolutely normal to me but I had reached a point where I was actually embarassed for who I was for what I turned into when drinking and for who I would be in the future. I sucked at life and I knew it. Something had to change...I was actually drinking a beer while I had these thoughts not the first one that night - I had to cure my hangover somehow you know... with the beer in my hand I just decided that was it. I would finish this last beer and never look back again. Then I opened another one and went home with the beer in my hand (I was at a friends place before). I figured I might as well just quit after that one because why the fuck not I was already drunk anyway. I just had reached a point where drinking wasn't even fun anymore at all. I tried to finish it but then I decided to pour it out and just go to sleep. It tasted like shit anyway. But I would totally quit haha yeah sure. Like the many times before I was sure that I would be ready to go again after the hangover was gone (or maybe even before)...The next day I sat down and reflected on my situation. Would this be the same "never again" kind of shit I had dealt with many times before? This time it just felt... different idk. More final if that makes any sense. It wasn't even a special situation or anything like that I just figured that I really don't want that shit in my life anymore...I was subscribed to this subreddit before that but I was strictly lurking up to this point and had not made any effort to quit. I knew that one day I would want to stop and at least try to get my life on track before completely giving up and this would be the first place for me to turn to. Now the time had come. I decided to make a list of things that went wrong for me as a result of my alcohol abuse (I recommend you do this as well no need to post it or anything if you don't want to but it really puts things in perspective) just in the last year and post it here and I was surprised to see that it was in fact quite a long list especially since I didn't even include the majority of my drinking career. But writing all that stuff was really liberating for me. I could feel things change in my head like a switch was flipped or something. I read some posts in here most of the sidebar and I even watched some youtube videos on sobriety and quitting. But the most important thing for me was the response to my very first post in here. I was amazed by the kindness and genuine concern of the SDers and the vast amount of experience and advice I got here. People knew where I was coming from everyone had gone through the same as me or even worse stuff and they all came to support a complete stranger. I feel like this was a defining moment for me...After all that it was really just not drinking today. I tried not to think about how long I would last when I would cave in or anything like that. Just I will not drink today and that's it. Days turn to weeks turn to months in no time I'm kind of surprised everytime I look at my badge. I can't wait for the months to turn into a year haha. I strongly recommend getting a badge too it's a huge motivation and a great indicator of how far you've come already. I knew that quitting was only a start and I there were a lot of other problems to solve but cutting alcohol out of my life was the first step. I spent the next couple of days making arrangements for my future. I applied for social security (it's called "Sozialhilfe" where I live) I made an appointment with a therapist (I never went because the guy went to retirement before the actual appointment but hey at least I did something) and I got a friend to help me work on my resume so I could apply for jobs. Now that I wasn't too hungover and depressed to even get out of bed three days a week I could actually get stuff done. I got lucky and landed a job (well an apprenticeship but that's even better in the long run because I don't really have any marketable skills yet) so while I'm still pretty broke I now have some perspective. Only a couple more years and I will be financially stable and can live a decent life...I am amazed by all the positive change that happened in my life after quitting. I'm not very long in but I don't think I'll ever go back to drinking. This of course serves as additional motivation I couldn't forgive myself for throwing all this away again and returning to where I was not very long ago. For the first time since very long I feel that I have the power to actually change things instead of just being a passive bystander in my own life. Quitting alcohol was the most empowering thing I ever did. Life after drinking is just so much better...Wow this really turned out to be quite the wall of text. Sorry :p Anyway what helped me quit was the fact that everything was a complete mess and I figured I might at least give it a try before giving up on myself completely. Quitting alcohol was just the forst logical step in the right direction. It turned out to be a good one...tl;dr: sucked at life so hard that it flipped a switch in my head. good things happened and keep happening....
For me it was first removing myself from any situation where alcohol was involved. Then I embraced the mantra "I have control over everything I put into my body." For whatever reason breathing in that truth flipped a switch in my brain. ..It has helped me with food as well and I'm hoping it will help me quit smoking. Baby steps. ..
Check out Noah Levine and his Refuge Recovery program. Good luck!
Have you considered talking to a therapist/counselor? I saw one in the first week of my recovery and I found the experience positive. I'd like to find another one though. Besides that SD has been a valuable resource for me (in terms of willpower and positivity when I've been feeling weak). Good to have you here and I hope you stick around!
For years considered myself a "Pro" handled my work and bills and then would manage 3-night-a-week marathons. But more lately those marathons have turned into blacked-out binges. And my body is much older than it used to be. I'm 47 and about 2 years ago I began to notice a few times me needing a day to recover. The last six months noticed 2 days to recover happened a few times. This fall noticed I was having all sorts of mental and physical problems. Cognitive issues memory loss difficulty concentrating. And my body ached joints ached bloating shortness of breath digestive issues. You know alcohol is an inflammatory to just about every organ and process in the body. My blood regularly felt fouled. ..I'd been to a doctor over the holidays who had drawn my blood because I'd been having cramps in just about every muscle in my body. He told me my potassium level was very high. I thought you only got cramps when potassium was low but he said all it takes is an imbalance in either direction. I didn't tell him I was a binge drinker and in my mind this probably meant my kidneys were getting stressed and then it led me to thinking about my liver . . . I drank 2-3 times a week after that dismissing what I'd been told. Ended up bedridden after an all day drunk Sunday Feb 28...Monday I could barely move. I found this place on reddit and read "A med student's experience in internal medicine: the gory details of how patients with liver cirrhosis fare" (you can search for it here). The post frightened me beyond anyplace I'd ever imagined in regards to having grave thoughts about drinking. Quit that day too. Monday leap day Feb 29th. ..Printed out that post and I read it every day. Things are pretty good so far. I've been practicing meditation early in the morning. I'm drinking gallons of water every day. The fog is lifting. My pleasure centers are puckered up after such a long exhausting dopamine purge and that's fine I'm getting through it. I engage in smile therapy. I don't remember the last time I've been in such a place of mindfulness. Outside of wanting sugary stuff don't find that I'm having cravings and not sensing anything that I'd recognize as triggers; so far I think I've just gotten to a place where I am so disgusted by my practice of drinking (volume knob to eleven) I don't ever want to go back. It's all day by day but so far so good...
I consider myself very fortunate in that my very biology dictated the precise time to stop-I developed acute pancreatitis. I spent two weeks in the hospital and was given Librium regularly to manage my withdrawal symptoms. Came for the pancreas stayed for the supervised medical detox. 
Late to the party. ..Here's a [**simple recipe**](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45rv1q/how_i_started_stopping_notnull_edition/) that worked for me. 
The good thing is that I stop one day at a time.  Today you are hungover and won't want to drink but by the second day/night the desire comes back.  What will you do instead?..I have an afternoon routine - 4 p.m. feed doves 5 p.m. water garden 6 p.m. walk dog then make dinner.  This will sound boring to you but what routine could you have?  These chores get me through the worst part of the day.
[deleted]
To preface - Up until the first of this year I drank every day. Usually about the equivalent of a bottle of wine a day. For me that wasn't enough to cause physical withdrawals. But for some people it might be and people should be really careful about that. Consider talking to a doctor and making a plan to be healthy and safe through this process...So I quit by quitting several times for varying amounts of time over the course of five years. Each time I tried different things. And during this five-year period I was continuously doing research about drinking and sobriety. I wanted to not drink so bad but it has taken a few tries...I went to AA one of the times I was sober and didn't like it. The ratio of woo to reality is pretty high in that organization. Also when I was younger I was involved with another 12 step group for many years so my opinion is based on lots of 12 Step exposure.  I can't bring myself to go back into that mindset of powerlessness and self deprecation again. It's unhealthy for me...I did more research  and kept trying - went to a therapist read a lot of books read this subreddit. I found these books helpful: The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business by Charles Duhigg; Sober for Good by Anne Fletcher; and all the books and tapes by Pema Chodron...Then I set a quit date a couple of weeks in the future - that's what I did when I quit smoking 30 years ago and it worked for that...The future date was Jan 1 so when I quit I could tell people I was doing a Dry January which is pretty common. ..So on quit day and since then I've spent a lot of time on this sub - this is a level of community that I enjoy and find helpful...I've exercised a lot and consumed gallons of LaCroix sparkling water. The endorphins from exercise make me feel good and also help me sleep. And sparking water really really helps me with cravings. That's so amazing to me. I've substituted LaCroix for wine and beer AND IT WORKS! It's like in the Duhigg book - to break a habit you have to put something in its place...That's it! I've only been sober for a couple of months so I'm no Yoda. But my best advice would be: Don't give up and take every experience as an opportunity to learn...Good luck!..
Initially no one not one person wants to go to rehab or aa.  I've done both now and wish I would have done either or both years ago.  
The single best thing I did was find a great therapist who specializes in substance abuse and actively do the exersizes of CBT . ..Second was develop daily routines starting simple then building on them slowly ...Third was journaling....I resisted and hated it like death for 2 weeks now it is what I look forward to daily. I set goals and monitor my progress. ABC any temptation annoyance and stress point. It is part of my routine. ..Fourth is not trying to solve all my problems at once. ..For what it is worth there are a few of us who don't do AA. But the biggest thing is that no matter your personal path it is going to be hard work and scary but worth it.
I couldn't quit and didn't want to quit. I could see no reason to stop drinking although God knows I wanted to. I had the uncomfortable feeling that my drinking was becoming a problem. As it turns out   it was far more obvious to my family and friends than it was to me...Then one night it all boiled over my rage   my anger erupted in a violent drunken outburst and I struck out. People I love deeply got hurt   injured. I see now that it was a  rock bottom' for me   a moment of clarity. I saw how dangerous I had become how dangerous alcohol was. And THAT my friend is how I stopped. It was as sudden as it was unexpected.  No bargaining no bullshit -  no I see every reason to stop.  .
For me it only came down to a few things: a genuine desire to stop the willingness to try all kinds of different stuff help from other people...The first and last ones are pretty self-explanatory but I had to try everything that seemed like it would work. I went with the AA maxim "keep what works and discard the rest." Ironically one of the things I discarded was AA but I went in with an open mind and tried to work the program to the best of my ability. I ended up settling on seeing a counselor and a psychologist and it's working pretty well so far. Other things that helped were exercise healthy eating and basically just trying to improve every area of my life from a holistic standpoint. Blah blah the point I'm trying to make is if someone told me standing on my head would get me sober I'd try it a few times just to see...Regardless of what you choose to do I wish you all the best!
I went to AA and worked the 12 steps.  You say you don't want to do AA and I didn't either for years.  One day my not wanting to continue living the way that I was living grew stronger than my not wanting to go to AA.  
Just wanted to share a song I came across last week that's really hitting home now as I'm starting this whole new life change. And btw I just recorded a video of myself - I do not recognize this person. I look like absolute hell. I can't wait to see my progress. Ok here's the song:https://soundcloud.com/oberraies/lynyrd-skynyrd-simple-man 
Guys - experiencing terrible headaches and sweating...along with insomnia. I hear this is normal? Thanks.
