-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49pcxm/anger_e/

Hi all - this is the first post that I have initiated and I was hoping it would be more positive but I am where I am and it is what it is. Not sure why yet but I have been having anger boiling up inside me for the last two days. Previously I'd get through the work day as fast as I could possibly leaving early trying not to cause a situation and head straight for the liquid relief. Its such an uncomfortable feeling anger. I know I can't drink I don't want to drink and I won't drink but not drinking in these early days when I have feelings I don't want to have really makes me feel like getting in the fetal position and sobbing....which may be a wee bit inappropriate at my desk at work. I also feel a little afraid of that devil alcohol somehow tricking me into getting drunk. I sooooo don't want to give up the little sobriety I have and go back to the shame and depression of a relapse..Feel a little better just getting all this out there. Thanks to everyone for being there and being supportive. 
----------immediate responses--------

I find that writing it down helps me. Good luck.
It gets better much better.  I went through the anger and irritability phase and thought I was in the process of losing my mind.  Slowly it started to fade and I started feeling calm and even happy at times.  My progression was like this:..Anger/irritability &gt; numbness/apathy &gt; calm/happy/confident..Good luck congrats on 10 days and hang in there!
hi! so glad you posted. I'm sorry to hear you're having a rough time...I'm generally a positive person however when I drank heavily I would get Hulk-level angry and never really knew why. this is one of the reasons I wanted to get sober. during the first few weeks of sobriety my body/mind was trying to "right" itself like a boat being thrown around during a bad storm. I just couldn't get balanced. I was dealing with a flood of emotions that I hadn't allowed myself to *really feel* for over a decade: anger sadness frustration excitement loneliness compassion....... I was feeling them all at once and it was insane. ..to deal with all the emotions especially the anger and sadness I write A LOT and talk to my therapist. it helps me whittle away all the crap and get to the core of why I feel that way what is that nugget of resentment that I'm holding on to... ..I will also say that sobriety itself triggers some anger for me because I don't know why I have this problem with alcohol and others are just fine. accepting it has been a challenge but I'm getting there...wishing you the best!! keep reaching out if you need to. 
I get angry too. I've realised that a lot of my anger is frustration unhappiness and regret (along with a few other things) all boiling to the surface and fusing into this weird rage that gets directed (silently) at everyone and everything. ..&gt;Feel a little better just getting all this out there...That's good! Talking can be very helpful. Personally the less I talk and express things the more my anger builds. Silence feeds it because I get caught up in my own head and thoughts and it just bounces around getting bigger and bigger. Talking can be a release. 
My coping tools were underdeveloped as I'd always had alcohol as a crutch. I got used to being uncomfortable and learned better ways of coping with time. My anxiety didn't settle with time so I got extra support via CBT therapy and that's helped me manage my thoughts feelings and behaviours more. ..I know my feelings were all over the place early on I took things real easy and found the principles of the serenity prayer useful - accepting what I can't change. If I accomplished nothing more than getting to bed sober it was a successful day!
Is your job stressful? Could you be experiencing burn out?
[deleted]
I thought it was just me! I'm on day 13 but over the weekend I was a raging mess. Day 10 for me too hmm.....I was just so damn mad that my life wasn't magically better because I had stopped drinking. And that I could never have another drink. All of the stress was building up and I didn't have my dysfunctional friend to help me anymore. ..My first post was about the grieving I was going through over the lack of alcohol in my life. Someone pointed out that it is like losing a friend (a very bad toxic friend!). Apparently anger is a part of the grieving process. Somehow I made it through. I think the daily pledge helped. I only had to not drink until I went to bed. (I did go to bed really early.)..I don't know if any of this is especially helpful except to know that you are not alone. Hang in there!
For me the early days of not drinking brought a lot of emotions to the table.  More than ever that's when going to meetings helped me.  Noon and evening.  Got me through the rough spots.  
You'll just have to suffer through it. I got it when I tried giving up drinking last summer. I know the feeling a constant ditch of just wanting to kill everything and everyone for no good reason other than  you're sure it deserved it. The rage will pass. You are going to have to suffer but you will feel like the greatest man when you conquer.
Oh man. Came on this evening hoping somebody had posted something about this today so I wouldn't have to. I'm glad. You have helped me more than you know OP. ..I feel like a powder keg in a room of welders. Everything lights my fuse today. I snapped at my mother today when she asked me how I was doing. I felt terrible. Still do. I apologized and explained I'm not entirely in control of myself right now...Thank you OP you've made me feel not so alien today.
[deleted]
