-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49ruec/where_are_we_now/

A quick reality check. I have been sober now for 80 days and here is the truth. I am finding sobriety more a habit and less of a challenge. I'm quite comfortable being a recovering alcoholic but I haven't been to a single AA meeting. Please don't judge me arrogant here   but I seriously don't think it's for me. Although the one thing I have needed at times is a sponsor. ..I did go to one session with a psychiatrist and truthfully I found it a waste of time. I still feel though that dedication to self-improvement is a must certainly in my case. I therefore have found time to meditate almost daily. My spiritual life is growing and expanding with it. I also go to gym three or four times a week. Recently I swam over a mile. I read a lot about alcoholism and I have a slightly better understanding about my illness.. .I am terrified of relapsing but the life I live now is so rich with possibility that the alternative gets more unattractive by the day. Oh   and the relationships I enjoy with my family has improved immeasurably too. They actually love me all of them   pets included. ..I don't post on SD every day but I do look in at least once a day   sometimes even more and comment occasionally. It is a real source of inspiration and help. I don't get the badge thingie   I have 80 days sober (I get that) but the star with a 2 in it   is like the love of God   (for it passeth all understanding)  Not sure about my comment karma points either   I have 54   can I trade them in for like voyager miles? ..Thank you SD for being my inspiration and my daily path to sobriety. Thank you to the single digit days I realise how far I have come. Thank you to the double digit days you are my ex-drinking buddies. Thank you to the triple digits you are my goal. And the four digits - you are my inspiration. To you that have five digits   thank you you are the sobriety gods.       .
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome how it's all coming together for you. I can say that I'm realky happy too.  Just much better outlook.
Glad to hear you're doing well!  The star with the 2 indicates 2 months.  It will change to a 3 shortly!  ...The Karma Points - you didn't receive the membership package with your sobriety card?  You should be receiving the monthly newsletter along with the catalogue for earning membership reward credits.  You can exchange them for all kinds of neat extras: better friendships; non-chaos family interactions; pleasant interactions with baristas; for a hundred you receive a "get of jail" because I'm not drinking pass; and many others!  Unfortunately there are no Star Trek Voyager redemption opportunities!  
Nice to hear for you and your continuing and increasing clarity SQ! It sounds like you have some solid footing under you. Keep on your path....it is a good one! :-)
Congrats on 80 days sober! Reading the first-person experiences on r/stopdrinking regularly helped me to reflect and rework my own thoughts on alcohol. My sobriety became more normal more habit over time. And after four months I really embraced it and started building my sober life into one I value!..I think reddit are still ironing out the exchange rate for Voyager miles ;)
