-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/49ww82/i_want_to_give_this_another_shot/

My first attempt at total sobriety was last November when I was able to go completely sober for a period of about 40 days until I broke it one weekend while visiting friends. I've attempted to get back on the bandwagon but have relapsed every single weekend since. I can't quite put my finger on it but something is different this time. I am so f*cking tired of what alcohol is doing to me and my life. Those 40 days sober last year I've never felt as calm clear-headed collected and anxiety-free in my adult life. I crave to have that back. I crave to  lead an amazing and productive life free of hangovers wasting money on alcohol drunk driving poor decisions regrets debilitating anxiety and putting my health at risk. ..Weekends are my weak point - so here is to taking every day of this upcoming weekend - Friday Saturday and Sunday one day at a time and making the conscious decision each day that I will not drink. And I will start here in this moment with making the decision that I will not drink tonight. ..I'm gonna need a lot of help you guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it! The weekends are still my most difficult challenges but you have the right plan. Take it one day at a time one hour at a time if you need too. Remember you have your two week badge waiting for you on the other side. I won't drink with you tonight or this weekend. 
You sound ready willing and able. One day at a time is my mantra and it's working for me. I'll be going into my third weekend so I'll be not drinking with you. Hang in there!
I won't drink with you tonight. .I'll look at it again in the morning and check in with your post. Maybe I won't drink with you Fri.  One at a time
I will not drink with you! 
When you feel that there is something different this time that's a really good sign that you are truly getting serious.  That you truly really want it and are truly ready to succeed.  GO WITH IT!!!  Good luck and take care!
I BELIEVE IN YOU!..So many people keep sober simply by checking in here daily. Comment on the daily pledge write a little post on how you're doing and comment lots on other people. Keep interacting with those of us who are doing it!..There's also AA SMART CBT and links to said resources on the sidebar. You can do this and you don't have to do it alone.
I won't drink with you.  As a fellow anxiety-sufferer let us both remember what it feels like to wake up the day after drinking knowing that we've thrown away our sobriety and waiting for that inevitable anxiety to start crawling through our minds.  It's just not worth it. Not today. 
Do a mental walkthru of your weekend. If getting out for errands has you at a liquor store don't leave. If sitting at home makes you stir crazy go play mini golf or something. Picture how it will go what triggers or weak points are there and figure a plan for heading off at pass. Visualize every hour of the day and how you didn't cave. ..distracted and willed yourself thru waking up sober and proud on Monday.     .You can do this I'm not drinking with you either.
Do it! We got your back. 
I'm sure you can do it! 
the morning i decided to quit i made a sort of party out of it...i went shopping for total crap like gummi bears and cheetos and lots of seltzer and soda...i downloaded a bunch of new music to my ipod..i bought myself flowers..i let my son watch tv almost til he fell asleep..then i watched trashy tv til i fell asleep..i hardly ever do that^^^ so it was a fun stupid way to start my new life..it broke the monotony too
I will not drink with you all weekend mate!
What helps me is writing down plans for Saturday and Sunday morning. If I know that I have to be at the gym at 8:30 on Saturday and call my mom at 9 on Sunday (so I can talk to her before she goes to church) it makes it easier to not drink. ..Good luck. You can do it. I have faith in you.
