-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4a8k5u/an_introduction_and_a_thank_you/

I'm a lurker by nature but I want to share a bit of my story mainly because reading what other have shared here has helped me a lot. If it might help someone just a bit if even for a few moments.....I'm in my late 30s and I've been drinking since my early teens. Thankfully it wasn't easy to get back in those days so my drinking was kept to about once a month. Of course each session was a major binge-fest. It got worse when I went off to college which happened to be in a town that is consistently ranked as a top party college. The drinking culture was very strong and I happened to fit in just fine with it. I drank regularly through the week and turned it up a notch on the weekends. In a testament to the resilience of youth I did still did well enough to make it into medical school. ..Four those next four years I was generally able to keep my (binge) drinking to the weekends. I suppose I would still hit the bottle hard when it felt appropriate whether it was to celebrate finishing an exam or to wash away the stress of a bad day. I again did well enough and headed off to residency. Here is where all of that anxiety that I had been using booze to keep at bay finally boiled over. Perhaps it was because I could no longer always run to the bottle to forget or perhaps it was because when I did have a day off I would drink and then ruin any chance to catch up on the sleep that residency was otherwise keeping from me. I essentially broke down and left residency half way through. ..So I switched to something I could still do with my degree and took a post-doc in research. Though the work is easier the anxiety has remained. I have felt the constant weight of failure as I struggle to explain to others  why I left medicine and on-going stress as I try to adapt to a new way of working. Unfortunately I've found that the drinking bloomed in full force. For the past several years I've been in that vicious cycle of accelerating drinking up to major binge cutting back to a drink (or so) a day then ramping back up again over the course of a few weeks. ..Thankfully I found this sub probably about two years ago. I've been trying to quit along with you all but damn it is hard. I somehow made it back to mostly staying dry during the week but come Friday I would inevitable go back and hit it hard. ..Well I'm happy to say that I am finally making it. This is the longest I have been sober probably since my teens. I feel better than I ever have and can say without a doubt that stopping has been one of the best things I have ever done. ..So here is where the thanks come in. Thank you to all that have shared your stories here. The early day-ers battling to make it though that first day gave me strength to do the same. The relapsers expressing regret and a new perspective helped me battle my guilt and make a plan for my next attempt. The ones that have made it months I can now share in the the joy while recognizing (with a bit of fear) that temptation still arises and that maintaining my joy means continued vigilance. To the long-term-ers you give me hope that it is possible to persist despite all of the bumps that lay before me. Thanks to all of you.  
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing!
We are happy you're with us. Congratulations on the 69 days.
I was initially and still am mostly a lurker. But I'm right there with you. My life is much better now I'm not drinking. It's been hard as fuck and I still have issues. But now I can confront them with a clear he'd instead of pouring booze down my throat. Keep it up!
Only day 6 here...folks like you inspire me to make it to day 7. :). I will be one happy guy if I can hit 69!
Thank you for sharing your story and congrats on 69 days!
Way to go and keep it up!
