-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ad6lj/today_is_day_one/

I keep trying to stop drinking and am successful for a few days but always end up caving and having that first drink which leads to 10 more. I am 25 years old and have been a classic binge drinker since college. In the past few years I have been drinking more days a week getting consistently blackout when I do drink and drinking alone as well. I do not drink everyday but it is safe to say I definitely have a problem.  I struggle with having one or two beers and then walking away so unfortunately I think abstinence is the only answer for me. I made this Reddit account and joined stop drinking sub as a way of holding myself accountable. I have really bad health anxiety and being hungover is like one long panic attack. Enough is enough today is my first day not drinking and hopefully my last day hungover.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard! I hope this is your last day one too. I knew I had a problem at your age but carried on for way too many more years. Good on you for doing something about it now!
A lot of times a person's life has to change in small or significant ways in order to quit or stay away from tempting situations. If this were true fo you do you have thoughts or plans about what that might look like? It can be worth considering...I had to find a lot to do - and eat and drink - at night for example. That's when I typically drank.
Welcome! I stopped drinking when I was 25 and your story is very similar to mine. I started drinking on a daily basis and it was around this time that I decided to stop for good. ..For me taking it one day at a time finding other sober people in my community and changing (albeit slowly) everything in my life worked wonders. ..Know we are here for you and I won't have a drink in solidarity with you today! :D..Happy Monday! 
Welcome /u/walking_around to /r/stopdrinking -- at this [link is a post called the Baby Steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which lays out how I stopped drinking and got sober.  I hope you'll take a moment and see if any of the ideas there are helpful to you.  Good luck.
Welcome to the group.  My drinking sounds very similar to yours.  I thought alcoholics were the stereotype bum drinking every single day and sleeping on the streets.  It took coming to the sub to realize that binge drinking is alcoholic behavior.  I hate labeling myself so I just consider myself an out of control drunk.  If I have 1 I will have 20 or 30.  I finally realized that I am incapable of having one beer.  I know that if I decide to have one beer I am really deciding to drink 30 beers.  Not only that I am deciding to drink 20-30 beers a day several days a week for the rest of my life which will kill me at some point.  I am not suicidal so I choose not to drink that "One" beer.  Grab a badge on the sidebar.  Also register on the Ka-ching on sidebar to see how much money you save from not drinking.  good luck.
Welcome! I was 28 when I got sober. Someone first suggested when I was 19 that I was an alcoholic and I waved them off. Glad you got here early. ..If you struggle with walking away once you start you're in the right place and abstinence is the answer. At least it was for me. And it was a novel suggestion - frankly it had NEVER occurred to me. I was too obsessed with trying to control it because I couldn't imagine a life without alcohol. ..This way is Much Better. 
I started my heavy drinking at 24 or 25... (though oddly enough up to that point even in college I wasn't that much of a drinker). Anyway nip your drinking now is my best advice. You don't want to be like me and drink for the next TWENTY YEARS. The years fly by at an astonishing pace (probably doubly fast if you're in a drunken stupor!).  Regardless congrats on Day 1. Don't lose the last of your 20's and all of your 30's in the bottom of some stinky old bottle or beer can. And trust me when I say this: 25 to 40 goes by FAST if you are not paying attention. And being drunk you'll probably not pay attention as the years zip by until one morning you wake up and see a tired weathered old stranger in the mirror (if you're lucky enough to survive and live 20 years drinking many do not). Be well and my best wishes to you. 
Welcome! I'm also 25 and a few days in. At first I found it hard to believe that I had a problem because 'everyone goes a bit crazy in their twenties' but there's a difference between people who had the occasional big night out and what I was doing - every night was a big night! Best of luck and stay strong.  
Brave of you to share. I'm going on Day 4 and can understand how you feel. Don't worry you'll be fine...you'll go through some uncomfortable periods (like today I'm experiencing ankle swelling and it's not fun) but we're here for support if anything! 
I'm right here with ya day one for me too.
Dude im the same. I can go 1-3days but not more and after I drink I get anxiety/panikattacks the day after. ..And drink1-3beers? no way. 
Hey...I'm 27 years old. I also binge drink and do it alone a problem that started in college and has become unmanageable for me. I also have a problem drinking just two. I also made a Reddit account just to be part of this group and hold myself accountable. I also have an intense emotional reaction to hangovers. I also have a hangover right now. I also want to stop need to stop...Today is also my first day of official sobriety. Happy first day to us both.
Welcome! My "hangxiety " had reached a boiling point. My blackouts became way too frequent no matter how much or what I drank. I am over it. I hope you check in often and hang in there. This is a great place. :)
