-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4adqb8/is_this_the_only_place_to_go_and_how_does_this/

So I've been sober quite a few 24 hours now and life has been a lot better.  I have a situation typical of newly recovering alcoholics.  That is I drank myself into loneliness.  All of my "social drinking" friends are gone and never talk to me.  I've been going to AA and trying to make friends there but progress is slow in that department.  SMART Recovery is there as well and I've been trying my best to work that program too...I heard about this sub in a SMART meeting and I joined reddit just to get connected with this sub.  I generally like the posts I read here and the community seems pretty lively and cool.  I'd like to ask people in this community if there are other places to go on reddit as well.  I'm really trying to get involved in communities of people who know how to have fun without drinking because my life revolved around booze for so long that I'm having trouble making friends without it...I suppose this post will suffice as an introduction for now.  I hope I can get to know you all a little and contribute where I can.  I've had a long road to recovery with long and significant interruptions (relapses) along the way.  I want it to stick this time...I'll end with one of my favorite quotes I hear all the time from a guy at meetings with the same name as me:  "I'm grateful to be sober today because for me it is SO much better than being drunk"  
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
**ONE OF US! ONE OF US!** ..Overall I love it here. There are definitely fluctuations in how useful and fun the sub can be. Most of that is about me and how I'm relating to it and not the sub itself but everything kind of goes up and down in life anyway...I've met some pretty awesome people from the IRC channel when I joined about a year ago. I haven't really been active on there in a long time but I'm still very close to the friends I met on there...(looking at you u/skyscraperscraping u/raevie and the rest of you...) 
That's cool you're going to AA and SMART. I wish I was outgoing enough to get in to it. I'm just not and it's just not for me. However I have a hard time connecting to people in this sub too. I like what I read but I have a hard time making true connections. I heard a quote.. can't remember where "the opposite of addiction isn't sobriety it's connection." That really hit home for me. I crave connection so badly but I don't know where to find it.
Do you like running ? I love running :)   .  You could try couch to 5 k!!  and yoga. Once I got into those I got into those communities too. ..There's also r/loseit and r/fitness and stuff !! ..Do you have any interests ? Hip hop? Try r/hiphopheads. Piano? Fashion? Shopping? Personal finance tips? Interested in becoming financially independent? Gardening ? Diy? Oldpeoplefacebook cracks me up sometimes.  ..Reddit is literally limitless- you can keep hitting the "random" button and see how deep the rabbit hole goes haha. You can try r/yourcityname and there's often events and even meet ups !..Good luck and welcome to your health new addiction- REDDIT!!!!.
Welcome!  I'm surprised that progress is slow making friends at AA meetings.  I find almost the opposite.  Are you visiting some different groups?  Each group has a "personality".  Something i recommend is "get there early".  One group I attend has a porch and members often go up to an hour early get coffee or similar and talk on the porch.  
Thing to understand is that many of us have some degree of social handicap - one of the big reasons we took to drink and stayed took...When I came into AA (having been pretty much a loner all my life) I thought "MY TRIBE" I'll have a zillion friends but that was not to be - in great part because none of us is very good at it because some of us have mechanisms in place to put people off some can only get so close.....This is not to say I haven't made friends I have some amazing ones but it took a while and frankly I've been picky (as have others)  It is what it is - it is not all about me.
Welcome! It's great to see all of the ways that you are reaching out to connect with other sober people! For me I had a long way to go to discover things that I was interested in besides drinking. It has been a slow and steady process but as those interests develop so do friendships based on actually having something in common...I'd recommend trying out a bunch of activities and seeing which ones stick. As for the friends they will come with time - "sometimes quickly sometimes slowly..." Keep reaching out and keep on posting! :)
There are local stopdrinking subs that host meetupsyou can find a list of them in the sidebar on the right.  
