-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ajpmb/where_do_i_start/

Hi there so I don't even really know how this site works but I heard from a friend that this might be a good place for me to start. Im a senior in college and was just offered my first big girl job. I've struggled with substance abuse most of my life as both of my parents are addicts. I was 7 months clean (the longest I'd ever been) in september of 2015 but relapsed the beginning of october. I haven't had any pills in over a year after I was in near fatal car accident caused by my intoxication. (I wasn't driving I fell out of the car) I've done extremely well with staying away from pills however I can't seem to kick the alcohol addiction and Im really scared and tired of going through this. I've tried AA or at least considered it and been to a meeting or two however Im skeptical about all the god talk as my belief system isn't quite what they want it to be. I hate waking up and not knowing what happened to me I hate feeling lousy shaky and scared. I just don't know where to start I don't know where to go or who to speak too. My mom is 3 years sober but I don't think I'm ready to talk to her because every time I get sober then relapse I feel like I let her down. I would really appreciate advice books (I have the big book) or any suggestions on where to start with all this as I am really trying hard to push my life in a positive direction.
----------immediate responses--------

Your mom could be your best resource and cheerleader! Even if she got sober without relapsing ever she must know that for many it doesn't work that way. I would definitely confide in her if I were you. I was always trying "not to worry" my parents but as my therapist said to me several times They're your parents! They'll worry regardless. Better just to level with them. Also if you are in a decent sized community there might be options for atheist/agnostic/freethinker AA groups. Worth checking in to anyway. Best wishes!
An excellent book is Under the Influence by Ketchum and Milam. 
I started with [the Baby Steps which is a post at this link.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck to you.
Many great resources at the sidebar. Dig in!! And keep coming back!!
One thing that I came to realize at AA meetings was that people talk about how they have a 'god' but if you get really into the nitty gritty with them about it it's really just the rooms or other alcoholics who stay sober one day at a time. Even religious people sometimes don't keep that as part of their AA program. ..It can be a really great resource even if you don't work the steps or do all the stuff. Just making meetings and making friends worked for me.
