-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ajthk/some_mundane_but_important_triggers_all_lined_up/

Tonight I face an unadulterated shitstack of triggers coming at me nicely falling on just my second day after sobering from the last relapse. ..The missus has gone out (she keeps me sane and stops me raiding the cupboards)...The mother in law is in (my old drinking buddy - who has already offered a gin and tonic). ..I've been for a long run so I feel like I should reward myself even though that's the dumbest thing possible. ..I'm cooking Chicken Pie which used to ALWAYS co-exist with a bottle of red wine. ..Nothing on TV..Nothing planned..My daughter is out at my dads for the night. ..No work in the morning. ..This is going to be a tough one I might just go hide in the bedroom until morning. I WILL NOT DRINK TONIGHT..Anyone care to offer some words of sanity?
----------immediate responses--------

Only sanity I can give is it gets better.
I find I just need to get to 9pm. It's the 7.30 - 9pm slot that kills me. Every thought in my head is 'you can have one' 'you can moderate' 'you're not going to spend the rest of your life not drinking are you?' 'One won't hurt at all' 'just join in just tonight'.... Then that shit turns darker. ..'Screw it I can have one if I want'.'So what I'm miserable I need that wine'. .'I'll wait till everyone has gone to bed then just sneak a little one in'. .I'll have a whiskey it's smaller... ..Rawr!..Sorry for the rant folks it helps just sitting here writing rather than sitting in the kitchen over thinking. ..
Do something?
I hear ya. Already went to a meeting today but the good intentions are starting to wear off. I'm trying to play through the scenario and realize the consequences if I give in. It's helping a little.
For my first few days I would take a bath around 5:30-7:30 (that was my slot to drink usually). It allowed my body to relax as much as it could and then I would head straight to bed...It gets better! I know it sounds clich  and perhaps out of reach right now but stick with it.  .
