-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ar6n0/worried_about_relapsing/

I'm barely 5 days sober was always a heavy drinker as a kid (16) I used it to cope with depression. Fortunately I had stopped for about a year when I turned 18 for the wrong reasons though. I had met my now ex-girlfriend and held her for the reason I was starting to get my shit together. She ended up getting pregnant and not telling me had an abortion unknown to me told me about it and left me I very quickly relapsed because I no longer had any reason to care about myself. I quickly returned to drinking tried to stop relapsed even worse started doing blow everything seemed to be spiralling out of control. It wasn't until I was caught attempting suicide and been berated about how selfish I am that it really hit me. I've been sober from drugs for 27 days booze almost 5 so far. I have a very very hard time talking about depression with people in person I am just worried about it turning me back towards the bottle after the excitement of new found sobriety fades.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome nice work you're obviously gutsy and tough underneath everything to be where you are. .I agree about depression and not talking about it I don't like showing vulnerability in fact I think I used weed and booze to mask it. But I do know that any depression is gonna be worse with chemicals like alcohol on board. It's not much of a choice to be sober but the alternative drinking again is much worse. I made this mess so now I have to fix it. I didn't plan on stopping for good but I am now very seriously considering it. Stay in touch here. I am hard to impress and haven't totally reigned in my rebel self but here on SD there are plenty of people with useful stuff to say as you'll see. 
This is why it is important to have all the support available. I couldn't stay sober without a therapist and AA. I also went to rehab. It sounds like you have some added issues and you need more support. I stayed focused on one day at a time and worked hard at not projecting into the future. In the present moment I stayed sober.  
First off welcome and congrats on 5 days (almost) of sobriety. That is HUGE. ..You are in the right place. However I agree with /u/SOmuch2learn. A support system was key to my recovery. Without it I would have this 6 month star next to my name. I had a three prong system during the first three months. Therapist AA and outpatient rehab. I dedicated so much of my life to sobriety in those first three months and it really paid off. The foundation I now have is priceless. However this is a incurable disease (my opinion) that we are working with. That means I need to go to 5 - 7 AA meetings a week or I start to get squirrelly. ..Congrats again and keep up the great work. You are worth it. 
it is a good worry to have especially in the beginning. I really don't have a history with depression but I was depressed for about the first 3 months after I stopped drinking. I figured it was just something I had to work through. It eventually got better especially when I did some light exercise (not heavy exercise). I sure had low energy and brain fog the first 3 months though.
For me it helped to set baby goals. Pick a milestone and just shoot for that!..Http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/ 
For me it was all about breaking my cycle. That being...buying alcohol on the way home from work planning to drink whenever possible when at a social event. ..For the first 3/4 weeks I changed my weekly routine entirely to ensure my behaviour was entirely different at the times I would have usually drunk. I also avoided places and situations where I would have linked habits of drinking (pubs with my best friend) and only attended things where alcohol was just not feasible. ..I've then tried to reinforce the above with Education; i.e. fundamentally changing my perception of alcohol. ..Essentially I try to remember; INFLUENCE ROUTINE EDUCATION if I'm feeling wobbly. Of course this sub has insights into all of these from the awesome people of SD so if you really don't know what to do grab a cup of tea and read SD (hey that rhymes!)...Good luck you can break free if you want to.
I can't imagine how tough that entire situation would be especially at that age. Sounds like you're doing great so far on giving up the vices. As others mentioned a support network would help. Heck even one or two people who know the full story would do wonders. If you have trouble talking in person try writing them an old fashion confession letter. So far I've been impressed and humbled by the eagerness of friends and family to help me in anyway they can.
