-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4atru9/5_years_ago_today_st_paddys_day_2011_i_was_ending/

While we are all on unique journeys with unique circumstances in our lives we often see many of the same sights. I have found myself many times struggling to string together what I at the time considered substantial clean time. I would oscillate between abstinence and abuse. I gave in to the anxiety to the hopelessness... the only thing I could think to do *WAS* to hide away. ..After a week long bender ending with St. Patrick's day 2011 I had convinced myself that by hiding away not having human contact and staying in-doors I could then get my life under control again. ..I stayed inside my studio apartment for 18 months. I ended up with 500 days but I paid a high price by sacrificing my mental health. I did not reach out for the support I needed and had in fact turned inward to let *my best thinking* solve my problems. ..That same thinking I might add had convinced me that drinking to excess was the key to my social success the key to calming my anxiety the key to masking my depression and the key to getting a good night's sleep...I had made the mistake of thinking I was in control and that I could without support think my way out of my problems. I had never even considered that my thinking might possibly be so distorted that I could end up doing more damage than good...Again & Again I had tried to stop drinking I tried *everything I could think of* until I finally hid myself away for 18 months. It turned out that "everything I could think of" was exactly my problem. I needed to think new thoughts I needed to accept the support I needed and stop demanding the help I wanted. I had to admit I was powerless. ..I had 500 days but at what cost?  During 2012 I had two stays of nearly a month each in mental health facility within 4 months of leaving my apartment...I had to start over from the ground up reseeding my core values. I spent the next 18 months in intensive day treatment... 15 sessions a week of group & individual therapy. I had to overcome my flawed intuitions with new experiences new training... I had to shift my *stinking thinking* and Turn the Thought...It was 5 years ago today that I had my last drink and it has been 1826 Days in a row that I have woken up an had a sober day. And today I have committed to remaining sober... no matter what today brings I know will better be able to deal with it tomorrow if I remain sober today. ..Thanks for letting me share part of how got here from there. I hope each and every one of you are able to get the support you need to further your personal journey of recovery. Peace and Safe Travels. 
----------immediate responses--------

I enjoy reading your journal! Congratulations on five years! 
Wow seems like you had a rough ride in the beginning.  Glad you got through it. I was kinda hoping you would post wasn't sure which day but I knew it was around now.  I am still stalking you :)..Glad you are here /u/RandomExcess  
Hey! What a coincidence! 3 years ago for me. From a hopeless shell of a person to someone full of life. Congratulations! Keep on keeping on
Great to read that thanks for sharing 
5 years is HUGE congratulations. It's always so nice to hear where people have come from where they are today and hopes for tomorrow. I think we're all stronger than we know. :)
Good on you for sticking with your decision. I remember Craig Ferguson (former host of the late late show and stand up comedian) talking about how he didn't have a drinking problem he had a thinking problem....He goes on to elaborate that a bad rehab when you leave will tell you "you're fixed go live your life" whereas a good rehab will tell you "this will be the first of many days where you have to maintain your vigilance. And through that you can achieve a stable life" or something along those lines...Regardless I'd recommend the video..Sauce: https://youtu.be/7ZVWIELHQQY
Wow - what a journey!  I'm glad you are here...Congratulations!!
HUGE congrats to you on five years you are inspiring!
What a story! Thanks for sharing and I won't drink with you today.
Thank you for sharing.  Congrats on 5 years!
Wow - thank you for this. Much respect. 
