-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4av1if/what_hobbiesinterests_have_helped_you_on_the_road/

As someone starting their journey I was curious as to what hobbies or interests people have picked up that's helped you with your recovery?..I've stopped drinking for short periods before and have really struggled with sleeplessness so I wanted tips on getting to sleep at night as well does it get easier with time?..Thanks for your help here's to a sober St Patricks!
----------immediate responses--------

I've picked up reading again instead of zoning out in front of the TV drinking.  I also taught myself to knit...it's slow going but I'm getting better. I've made a list of "big things" I need to do and have been putting off so I'm getting more productive with my time.  My SO has also quit drinking and he's spending more productive time practicing the guitar.   I'm pondering picking up an instrument but not sure what yet...
I've done a ton of jigsaw puzzles. 
Gaming was my biggest help in early sobriety - it kept my mind occupied in the evenings whilst I adusted to living sober. I also rediscovered reading. Then hiking helped me get out and about and that helps get me into a great frame of mind. After a few months I discovered cycling and the gym getting my blood pumping valuable part of my week :)..I struggled sleeping through the withdrawals I use a relaxation technique to rest my mind even if I don;t find sleep - I lie on my back concentrate on my breathing relax each part of my body slowly from head to toe and back again as I exhale.
Reading! I've always been a slow reader but I figured no one is watching how many pages I get through and maybe the more I read the faster I will read in the future. .Also going for long walks and cooking fancy and involved meals!
Maybe you could start volunteering at an organization that does work you find interesting and/or meaningful? I'm also an advocate of very long walks as they really help me to clear my head like no other thing can; my dog is into them too.
[deleted]
I started playing bingo. There's something about mindlessly daubing numbers that really relaxes me.
I read constantly (usually about 3 books/week) I knit I spin wool I color I tat lace I drink expensive tea I go to the gym I spend too much time on reddit basically I have a literal bag of tricks I carry around with me.  Small activities that I can pull out when I feel bored or frustrated even at work because for me the cravings creep up when I have been bored all day.  Find small things you can carry around.
Riding my bike regularly!.
I have an extensive miniature box collection.  All the boxes and little things are found at thrift stores and flea markets.  Its like an endless game to me to find things that fit.  It's something I could never have maintained while drinking- and fills me with satisfaction to see hundreds of strange things each in their own spot.
Man I almost feel like exercise is the end all be all for hobbies.     ..After withdrawal and equilibrium adjustment of about 3 weeks I started rebuilding my body using a Stronglifts lifting routine. Because I'm building mass that put me back on MyFitnessPal and food tracking which led me away from drivethrus and cooking healthier leaner meals. I need a night on night off so I read or clear the netflix queue to rest.         ..Because of increasing strength endurance and energy I walk the kids down to the park to explore creeks feed ducks and hit playground. THAT opened my eyes to how much I want to get on trails. And thinking about trails makes me think how I'll want to try cutting my caloric surplus for beach ready body and I think cycling will do the trick. In meantime Ive got a skateboard for the drivethru.       ..I really feel like the world is opening up with possibilities. Went from hungover slob to active participant in my own life.
I read the book "high bottom" by Tammy Roth - in describing her journey she talks about addiction being a "left brain" activity and to help in her sobriety she sought out ways to develop her "right brain". Basically creativity. I really liked this idea and found a creativity coach - who i meet with once a week and we just do all kinds of different art.  LOVE LOVE LOVE it!  I'll never make a living from it but it is fulfilling in so many ways. xo 
Walks the longer the better. Reading-I love to read but my attention span was shot. It's getting better. Listening to podcasts. Netflix. Cooking is fun because I seem to enjoy my food more when sober. ..As far as getting to sleep I find guided meditations very relaxing. But I haven't had much problem with insomnia. My problem is the opposite-I sleep too damn much.
