-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ay7c6/i_adopted_a_dog/

On Day 228 (Day 102 of living in the cities) I adopted a dog. I came into work and saw her - something clicked. She feels like a silky teddy bear and just wants to be affectionate (head into chest with back rubs little bites if you stop petting her) and has a mediocre energy level. She comes from the same reservation as my old dog Teddy. ..I can bring her to work daily have time and money and space and companionship (homeowners have a dog and they're getting used to each other). ..---..I know the Big Book mentions no major changes for a year but I think I superseded that information when I got out of homelessness an abusive household found a full time job and dropped schooling and so forth.  ..However I feel that this is a bad and a good choice. This week has been stressful on top of recovery meetings and my mediocre social life - I've dealt with a sponsee relapsing a sponsor and I falling away and a good friend killing herself. ..I would like some advice from my sober brothers and sisters. I have until Thursday until my trial run is over before I officially 'adopt'. ...This is us: [Pictures Here](http://imgur.com/a/G8sEe). ..Picture One: Upon arriving at my house    .Picture Two: Driving home after a busy day at work    .Picture Three: Busy working (leash is taken off while driving).
----------immediate responses--------

GAH SO CUTE!!!!!!
1) I love the ? Lol..2) *Ermehghad!! So cute!*..Ok I am no expert on what folks should or shouldn't do in recovery. I can tell you dogs are a lot of work and truly a labor of love. I can also tell you my dogs have kept me sober more than any force in my life. I would not trade them for the world. They keep me grounded and give me much more than I give them though they seem to like me enough ;) ..I would say be honest with yourself on what you can handle and follow your heart on this. 
I say go for it!  One more ER..person to be sober for!
Sorry I have to try to get my mind clear again -- it was momentarily addled by the cuteness of the photographs. I am not yet a long-timer but I say go for it! A dog will help you with the E and the L of SELF-care that is so important to sobriety (Sleep Exercise Laughter Food). Plus you two look great together.
&gt;I know the Big Book mentions no major changes for a year ..This is advice that is too often mis-cited and misunderstood in my opinion.  Kudos to you on your changes and your growth in the last 229 days!  Pretty awesome stuff.
Its always nice to have a non-judgmental friend even more so if you have to walk them a few times a day. That's going to get rid of stress as well. If its ok with the dog let her move in. 
SQUEEEE! Ok I am no one to advise (kidnap all the fur babies and all). I will say that mine honestly kept me more active and less drunk while binging. And they are a great distraction as in a walk with them for delay and evade tactic now that I am sober. Their fur has sopped many a tear from my face as they nudge and try to comfort.
OMG she is adorable!! I credit my dogs in helping me stay sober they've been a very positive influence on me. That being said dogs are a huge commitment one that shouldn't be taken lightly.  ..My two cents is if you have the time and money I'd say go for it. 
Hello! My friendship with my dog and the dog before her is one of the sweetest parts of my life. Have you read anything by Caroline Knapp? She gave up drinking and became a dog person and both Drinking: A Love Story and Pack of Two are beautiful books - I'd recommend either one if you have time before you make your decision. Both my dogs were the sweetest but came with their issues and there was some emotional heavy lifting in the first few months of getting used to each other. A dog can teach you a lot about yourself. I stopped drinking for a few weeks last year when my first dog became terminally ill because I wanted to truly be with him in his last days and not absent even though I was very raw emotionally. Then after he was gone I didn't want to smother the grief with drinking because he deserved to be remembered not obliterated. This year I started drinking heavily again like it was my job. Would a dog affect your ability to go to meetings? My experience is given the choice I would rather be home with my husband and dog than battling social anxiety to be around strangers. Don't know if any of this is helpful but good luck whatever your decision. She looks like a sweetheart. Now I have to go and take mine out :)
awesome...I'm currently looking for a rescue myself.
1. ADORABLE! Oh my gosh her fur looks so soft...2. I'm impressed with how sensible you're being about it - you're aware that having a dog is a big change. It sounds to me (the co-owner of 2 border collies) that you're going into the relationship with the right attitude...3. Dogs change your life but they give back about 150%. So it's a pretty good relationship to have...4. Dogs need a lot of exercise and that is great for sobriety IMHO...5. Dog parks are a great place to meet people &amp; just have easy casual friends...6. Enjoy!!
Congrats on all the positives in your life!  Imo dogs are awesome.  They're always there for us and don't criticize or argue :)  
wonderful!  Joy.
I wouldn't presume to give you advice one way or the other but DAMN you and that dog are cute together. And I doubt that the dog is going to drive you to drink the way a new relationship might when you're early in sobriety. :-)
Adopting a dog was the best decision I ever made (ok full disclosure: the best decision my girlfriend ever made for me). ..You have a super cute pup! Black labs are incredible dogs. Congrats. 
What a beautiful dog! I can't wait to be in a position where I can have one :D
Ahhh! Do it!!!!..I adopted my second dog Nigel like RIGHT after I decided to get sober (and then relapsed and then got back on track)...It felt like (and still feels like) Nigel is like the NEW part of my life. And while I've spent a lot of the last year realizing what an irresponsible dog owner I was to my other doge Phineus and trying to make it up to him... I LOVE having doge friends to keep me company give me new things to do watch them play etc...Doge friends are the BEST...http://i.imgur.com/6XJzPWr.jpg ..These are my little guys Nigel is the one sitting and Phineus is laying down. :) 
Having a dog is a great reason to stay sober everyday...Love that DOG!!!
oh my goodnesssss this is lovely! dog pals are so therapeutic. you two look so happy together already!..SIT good girl! STAY STAY STAY
Ack! I love this! It sounds perfect to me. You are able to bring her to work and  keep her where you are living? I really miss my dogs and can't wait until I'm in the position to get another!  It looks she has adopted you..
Does the big book say don't get a dog? I should hope not! Good heavens. My dogs are my lifeline. If you feel like you can handle a dog and you want her in your life do it!
Absolutely Adorable (Both of You) !!  I'd say you belong to each other.  Much Happiness to you and your new best buddy!
My girlfriend and I just adopted two puppies about a month ago. Yes it has been a little stressful time consuming and somewhat expensive. It's also saved me a time or two. Now I can't entertain the idea of going for a drink after work because I have to go home and feed them. I have to get up early to walk them so they don't poop in the house which means I'm up long enough before work to do some reading or just sit outside and drink coffee. Plus I'm not alone when my girlfriend is working. No time to get depressed bored and make bad decisions. I love it. Best choice I've made in a while. I say go for it! 
i have two dogs - i got one before my drinking started getting very bad and the other while it was bad. i wouldn't have gotten sober for anyone but myself so it happened when it was the right time for me but now that i am sober my dogs are helping me stay there. please keep this unconditionally loving buddy. ..here's me with my two best pals: http://imgur.com/L7keDSY
Imagine all the great sober times your have with your new dog!!! An inspiration to to looka fter yourself even more!!
She will help you stay sober I guarantee it! Lovely pics!
Dogs in my opinion are great for recovery. Mine gives me an incentive to exercise and wake up in the morning and she brings so much joy to my life. If I'm ever feeling down I just play with her take her on a walk or simply sit and cuddle. Cravings disappear as soon as I look at her. She has also been the catalyst for getting out more often with other people for puppy play dates. She saves me from myself. She has been a lot of work but that work hasn't felt like work because of how rewarding it's been. ..I think the fact that you have been stressed is all the more reason to adopt. There is nothing more anti-stress than cuddling with your best friend...Before I quit my dog gave me a huge incentive not to go overboard. I would look at that second bottle of wine and say "nah I wont be able to play with and train my puppy tomorrow if I drink more." And when I was feeling particularly shitty she could bring me out of it and back to reality...I honestly don't think I would have come as far as I have without my wonderful dog...http://imgur.com/IyGHE0I..http://imgur.com/wYcycwv
Dogs can be a lot of responsibility. BUT they are also quite literally the best friend you could ever ask for (even when they chew up your shoes). I adopted a 1 year old puppy 6 months ago and while he has been a pain in the butt to train he's also given me a lot of love and happiness. It's a really great feeling to have something to take care of and I think you'll probably feel like your dog is a good support system as you go through sobriety. Dogs are also a good distraction - I switched up my routine from opening a bottle of wine right after work to walking my dog right after work and this has helped with the cravings :)
Congratulations on your new baby! And also on 229 days! So awesome!
Wow!  What Love!  Four canines have us as their humans.  Two are rescues.  Great Pictures!  I understand that the new 2016 Revised AA Big Book now includes a Chapter on Canines and Increased Sobriety...But thinking about it and higher power -  take a look at this short clip.  Always expands my heart!   ..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H17edn_RZoY..
Go for the dog. He didn't come into your life for a try out. We rescue them and they rescue us!
I got a sobriety dog! I think it's a good thing it's good companionship a good way to be responsible for another life. My dog gets me out of my head keeps me active and on a good schedule. He's young so he can be frustrating and a handful sometimes but I wouldn't change a thing. Congrats on your fur baby!
