-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4az09e/back_to_square_one_ugh/

After only 3 days sober I gave in to the cravings and started drinking again. This was my first time attempting to quit so I'm trying not to be too hard on myself but I'm depressed and ashamed that I fucked up. So here I am trying again. Day 1 round 2. Wish me luck. .How do/did you guys deal with relapses? 
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't relapse. I attribute this to a solid foundation for recovery by having lots of support. I went to rehab had a counselor did outpatient treatment went to AA had a sponsor and did the 12 steps. This has kept me sober for longer than you are old. I'm not going to wish you luck because it takes more than "luck" to get well from alcoholism. If I had cancer it would take more than luck to get well and alcoholism is a deadly disease. I'd encourage you to start again today as you are doing and make a daily commitment. Having the support of meetings made it easier and more fun to be sober. What are you going to do differently so this doesn't happen again?
I got tired of getting on and off the merry go round of drinking/sobriety. I realized at some point during this attempt that what I was doing before was actually just "taking breaks from drinking" even if those breaks lasted nearly 2 months on a couple of occasions. I had to get serious about quitting make a daily comittment not to drink today have people in my life who I am accountable to and have plans in place for times and things that I knew triggered me. It sounds like a lot of work and in a way at first it is but now I take joy in my daily routine of yoga tea checking in with my mentor and going to bed sober :) I figure I spent 20+ years of putting lots of work into drinking the least I can do is put some additional effort into sobriety. Best wishes.
I realized that willpower alone wouldn't work. Well it does work...for about 3 days. Then it's St Patrick's day or it's a party or it's the weekend or any number of ~~valid reasons~~ excuses to drink. I found success through AA and through avoiding places where alcohol was available and/or being consumed.
My first time attempting to quit was about 2 months ago. I made it 2 weeks then drank for a few days then I made it 1 week and began drinking hard again until I found a book that really changed my entire mindset toward alcohol and I've made it this far since then. I knew I could do it and don't care that I "relapsed" or whatever I'm feeling great now! I don't even want that nasty poisonous shit anymore.
Know what's worse than being at square one? _Not_ being at square one and instead guiltily still drinking...Nothing wrong with falling off the wagon as long as you get back on. Seriously don't feel ashamed for _fighting_ a drinking problem. It's only shameful to hide one or live in denial about it...Also consider looking at what happened that led to the relapse. Did you have easier access to alcohol than you should have? In a tough situation you knew would be tempting? Not enough active support? Then try to remedy that even if it's one baby step at a time...Welcome back you can do it this time.
