-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4azcv3/advice_on_too_much_change_too_soon_so_about_my/

I have a whopping 2 day badge so I'm a little hesitant to post this but I need some advice.  Any advice.. please...Me: 36 years old single/no kids busy/sorta successful professional in an industry I hate live in the SF Bay Area.  "Functional" alcoholic - who like most functional alcoholics - is making the slow inevitable horrifying shift towards raging fuckup who is walking around half-dead. I have no family here but many friends.  I have a small number of sober friends but not what I would call a sober community. ..Choice at hand: After countless failed attempts (including out-patient rehab counseling AA medication) I am working to get/stay sober.  As mentioned my current professional is both nauseating/soulless yet pays well which I know has contributed to my alcoholism (*Please note: I'm not trying to use this as an excuse or the reason for my alcoholism simply a contributing factor*).  Now... I have been offered a position in another major city.  My sister brother in law nieces/nephews are there.  My brother-in-law just happens to be an MD who specializes in addiction and runs multiple detox units. I have a few friends in this city and it also has a huge sober community.  The position would be about a 50% pay cut much lower level but a *much* more interesting/compelling industry. While nobody wants a 50% pay cut I can manage by budgeting plus I have savings...My fear/question: I have long heard about the dangers of "pulling a geographic".  I know that simply changing locations doesn't change your mind. But after 8 years in the same unhappy job here in SF and 10 years struggling with my alcoholism I can't help but wonder if a dramatic change would be beneficial.  I don't trust my thinking much these days - so I'd love to hear yours...Thank you all.   .. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello. You have an interesting challenging dilemma. Since you are miserable in your current job changing to something that doesn't kill your soul might be a good idea. My guess is you have insurance so getting a counselor to talk with would help you figure out what to do. The other option is inpatient rehab. Or you could do all of the above. I would be tempted to make the job change but still your sobriety is the priority so think about rehab especially if you have insurance. Inpatient treatment was one of my best decisions. 
I don't think a fresh start is a bad idea especially since you hate your work.  Plus it seems like you have thought it thoroughly and weighed the pros and cons.  I'm actually kind of excited for you.  This could be a wonderful new adventure for you.  Good luck.  I won't drink with you today!
There are an awful lot of questions which you are really asking here - what job should you do? Where should you live? How much is best for you to earn? etc. and it is really kind of your own choices in your life. ..A previous question you've asked on reddit is that your job is intolerable and you simply cannot stand it however have saved a 6 digit figure sum. For most people (including myself) that is something dreams are made out of and you have ample resources to support yourself. In addition you say that you have struggled with relapse and are aware that there is no guarantee that a new community will be of real benefit. How serious are you when you say this - would you consider yourself potentially toxic to a sober community? ..You seem to think you have only two choices: one stay with your current industry or two jump the ground running onto something new. However that may be too great of a change and just as stressful as the first option...Why not consider a career break? This leaves your options open to first of all get serious about getting sober. Second you can get some time off a crappy job. Third you can have space without stress to re-evaluate your life. Of course the major disadvantage to this is that you would be quitting your job in your current field without another job lined up there but you have already been offered another job somewhere else and that job offer doesn't seem to have a looming expiry date..
SF has one of the highest CoL indexes of any places. A 50% cut may end up only being 10 20 or 30 depending on where you go. And I'm sure rent will be a qtr to half cheaper. I'm a big fan of the no abrupt changes early in sobriety but getting out of a soul sucking job could be a real positive change. Especially because it's addl resume fodder for down road. Whreever you go the one thing that won't change will be you. But this could be positive. I think a cost benefit analysis will be good along with some real self honesty about your resolve and will but I'd not dismiss it out of hand.
