-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4b400s/flirting_with_the_idea_of_relapse/

76 days sober today. Lost weight feel grounded thankful and generally  better than I have in years. But all my problems are not magically gone. I still have anxieties and issue just like everyone else and lately I've been entertaining the daydream of going to the bar or grabbing some craft beers and drowning all of that away. I know it won't help anything and resetting my badge as petty as it is would be depressing. I am flirting with the idea. Need to get my head right.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; grabbing some craft beers and drowning all of that **today**.       ..FTFY because drinking will numb it today and then what....face it tomorrow or numb it again? If you face it tomorrow why not face it today and take the active steps to remove the stressors that make drinking seem like a good idea?    ..Right now you're flirting with crazy and you don't want to stick your..  liver's dick (?)....in crazy. I don't know I'm bad at mixing metaphors but you get my drift. Bad idea all around. Why not get out and do something fun and creative. Hike shop mini golf whatever is a non drinking distraction to get out of your current headspace?
You have 76-days.  Don't Blow It.  It's too hard to stop again.
624 days here.  Many days I've "flirted" with the idea of grabbing a drink.  My problems did not up and disappear when I quit drinking some of them felt even bigger since it was the first time in who knows how long that I had actually confronted them rather than grabbing a couple sixers of tallboys...  .You hit the nail on the head when you said "it wont help anything".  I'm not sure if you believe that or not but keep repeating it it'll sink in...  Ive found it helpful to rationally play out what a relapse would look like--what it would accomplish with regard to issues that I'm having.  So far I haven't found math that makes it seem worthwhile when I look at it sober and objectively..Like you I also have some anxiety and I sought out some counseling which has helped me manage it in ways that ultimately make me feel better about myself.  ..All the best.
In SMART the other day we discussed short-term benefits vs. long-term benefits.  Made a chart of Risks of Using Benefits of Using Risks of Quitting and Benefits of Quitting.  Very interesting and helpful when I filled that out.  That might help get your head right again.  ..Btw I'm jealous you've lost weight!
Problems never magically disappear. When I was drinking they were only hidden while I was drunk and I didn't have to feel them.  I had accumulated 20 years of problem avoidance.  It has been 18 months since I stopped that and started actually dealing with the. I spent over a year getting therapy so I could work on my self and get myself bette (I highly recommend looking into Inner Bonding). Today the wife and I had our first couples therapy since I'm now ready to start working on us...The drinking was just avoidance. For me I was avoiding and numbing myself to some pretty crushing depression and childhood issues that I had never really come to grips with. Your story will be different but the pattern is the same.  I still miss those really good craft beers.  I still wonder sometimes if I am an alcoholic.  I still have day dreams about what if my family died (wife &amp; kids) and I moved somewhere else and started over. Would I drink? What about when I'm retired and really old?..I don't know if those ever go away but I do know that it is a process inside me that isn't healthy.  It is focused on short term gratification/excitement/fun but long term major problems...All that said it is a struggle.  Push through it. Work on what you need to. Get help go to meetings socialize in a safe way. Examine your triggers and why they trigger you. Defuse them.  You may need to say goodbye to some people and hello to new ones.  It is painful but worth it...Stay sober today.
There's a saying that if "a drunken horse thief stops drinking you're left with a sober horse thief."  Now I'm NOT comparing you to a horse thief please.  ..For me Meetings Fellowship and working the Steps changed all the underlying root causes.  ..Whadda ya think?
