-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4b4b87/relapsed_and_its_been_six_weeks_need_to_stop/

I've been sober off and on for 15 years. Had about six months before picking up again six weeks ago. I've been keeping it to about 12 drinks a day which is half as bad as my worst case. But I'm feeling major consequences. My stomach is wrecked my sleep is terrible and I'm totally off my game with my friends and my job...I hate this. I don't know why I keep punishing myself by drinking but I'm ready to stop. At this point it's just to stave off withdrawal. Cold turkey feels dangerous (even though this is nowhere near my 'bottom' in terms of quantity and length of time drinking) so I'm planning to taper today and tomorrow. Please help. I've been hiding this for six weeks and I'm done going it alone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Your post brings back memories. I too had to drink to keep from going into withdrawal. I tried but was not able to taper. Seeing a doctor and getting medication for detox made stopping easier and safer. Please be careful. I'm glad you're here. 
For me personally I've realized that success in sobriety is about addressing the underlying issues that cause addictive behavior in the first place. I've relapsed a million times because I always thought i could just STOP drinking/drugging and that would be enough but for this recovering junkie it simple is not. :) My heart goes out to you my friend. I hope you can find the tools you need to get right. Have you tried therapy meetings exercise meditation or spiritual practice? It's all new to me my friend but i know we have to be proactive to succeed at this. Much love!
Echo. Echo. /SOmuch2Learn re: Kindling effect.  Orders of magnitude!
Take long walks when you feel DT's. Try and do it in running gear such as sweats and sweater. Stay close to home in case you decide to lay down for a bit. Get some pedialyte asap. Sip on it. It will suck but it will replace important fluids lost. Also try eating cup noodles with lime juice. I find it helps during a withdrawal. You got this Man. ..It will suck but you got this. 
You have made a great step " I hate this.....I am ready to stop" it has taken me almost 20 years to reach that point with all the shit that goes along with it.  I have had lots of "protection" in all that time that ended last October when I was rudely awaken by 4 policeman gathered around my parked car while I slept it off.  To me the biggest step is to make up my mind to stop and then keep in mind those failures of the past and think about where I really want to go.  All I really know is alcohol will never take me there. Stay strong my friend we are here for the same reason to support those who want to r/StopDrinking.
