-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bh60s/not_if_but_when/

Why is it that after 4 days all I can think about is not if I will relapse but when.  It's like a black cloud that follows me around not letting me feel good about what progress I'm making.  I find myself almost picking fights with my husband so that I have an excuse to go get a bottle.  Our son being home from school this week is keeping me motivated but once he leaves I fear that I'll just go 'hey time to celebrate!'.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm finding that this "one day at a time" thing is really really helping me with that desire to relapse. Yes it's cliche but it's so freaking true. My best to you. 
You know what? It's okay. Thoughts like this are going to come in without an invitation. I've learned to let them just keep on walking right out. I had to learn not to stop them and have a conversation with them. That's why one day at a time is so important to me. A significant portion of me still thinks in "when" speak. Not today is all that matters for me. And if getting through today without drinking requires additional tools such as meetings or visiting SD then so be it. I won't drink today with you friend.
It sounds like perhaps you need to re-shift your focus. Instead looking towards tomorrow the next day or the weekend look at what you can so today to keep you sober.  Come to SD all the time to get/give support? That's easily doable. Don't go to places that you might be tempted...again easy peasy. Keep yourself busy and focused on what is in front of you. That is the moment that is important. ..You're still early enough in the game that your brain is trying to trick you into what it wants. The trick is learning that those thoughts truly have not control over you. They are simply thoughts that you can acknowledge and let go. Sounds too easy to be true right? But it is true and the more times you utilize this method the easier it is the next time around. ..You CAN do this ihearyoudad. 
There's all sorts of negative self-talk that my alcoholic voice tried throwing at me. I've learned to ignore or dispute this sort if thinking and replace it with more constructive rational thinking. The way I tackle this one is not to worry about the future: what I can control is today I can stay sober today no matter what. ..I also worked to remove alcohol from my reward system and coping toolkit - I brainstormed alternative ways of celebrating/rewarding myself (e.g. a cycle a bath a nice meal a movie a new book simply acknowledging myself) and alternative ways of coping with urges emotions and challenging situations. ..Getting it down on paper helps me - and a tool I picked up here recently is struggle/strategy: writing down a particular struggle and writing out a strategy on how I can tackle it (and noting also any opportunities as a bonus task).
I was able to get beyond the first few day wall--by doing the things I describe [at the Baby Steps post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
Download some CBT worksheets or just look it up and start your own worksheet. .I found this invaluable in rewiring my thought process on drinking... Very important also was I found wrote down tracked and follow through with regular rewards for my celebration urges. I will keep this up as long as necessary it makes me happy...Not the healthiest is that sometimes when I really want to unwind and pamper myself I go get a milkshake. I figure it is a wash when compared financially and calorically to alcohol. 
Baby steps my friend.  Right now everything you do is something you used to do drunk.  Just take it one step at a time and readjust yourself to your new world.  It's so beautiful once you put a few steps together...
This is pretty much why it took me 2 months to really stop. If it's gonna happen might as well be now. Pfft stupid. I had to internalize that *I don't have to relapse."
Whenever I have thoughts like that I try to refocus my thoughts to thinking positively about the future. Instead of thinking "When I relapse again and my family sees me it will be awful" I try to reframe it into "Wow that'll feel so good to have that family gathering and be sober and not make a fool of myself!".That's just something that works for me hope it helps!
Another important thing to remember is that you're only 4 days in. Those first few weeks are REALLY hard. My anxiety and restlessness and RAW ANGER nearly tripled right after I stopped. Within a few weeks it settled now after a month I feel like I did when I was 18 again (Only 23 but still). Have hope and take it one day at a time
I do this too. I 'celebrate' by ingesting poison that makes me feel terrible the next day. Sometimes I can even taste the 'cognitive dissonance' after I wake up.
