-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bh7cm/hit_rock_bottom/

Recent college grad 25 years old started drinking out of lonlieness 3 years ago as I was a commuter transfer student living far off campus across the continent from home in a very drinking friendly culture (Louisiana) I would go to class drunk on weekends i would drink. Quickly lost my ability to work out due to my drinking and gained weight. Miraculously I somehow graduated after what seemed like 3 years of hell moving 5 times struggling in class spending too much money on cheap booze even with a loving girlfriend who was convinced we were going to get married (she was aware of my drinking problem but not to the extent). She was a teacher and had a good paying job and since she was so supportive of me for 6 months basically letting me live in her apartment for free I felt guilty taking off to go find a job where I wanted to live and leaving her alone so I reluctantly stayed in Louisiana and attempted to find work in the small town we were in for 3 months I could not. I forgot to mention I landed myself in the hospital 3 times that year for severe withdrawals. At this point I stopped drinking for a month to prove to myself that I could stop drinking liquor and could eventually go to wine cheap wine unfortunately I have issues with self control. Anyways I end up finding a job where I wanted to live and drive across the country (drinking beer the whole time) got pulled over 3 times but never a single dui (at this point beer doesn't even affect my speech or impair my movement and I was very careful about the smell). Start my job gf finds job where I am sells her stuff and moves up and we build a beautiful apartment together on the water. I buy a brand new truck (not a smart move) and eventually start drinking at work I don't think they knew but my performance went to shit and I get fired right before we were supposed to take a very expensive trip to see the SOs family for Christmas where I had to pretend everything was fine for her parents. It took me a month to start a new job a better one actually but my finances took a huge hit as we lived in one of the most expensive cities in the us and being unemployed and drinking every day.. Yeah. I start a new job and am determined to cut out or minimize my drinking. I last 2 weeks. Start coming home drunk so has no clue but she does point out days that i acted really weird or would be in a rage and mean to her but she stays with me and supports me because she thinks I'm just stressed all the while I'm downing bottles of wine behind her back. The times I would have fits of rage I would not remember it in the morning. Going to work hungover was hell but I didn't know any other way of getting to sleep. ..Finally I have a meltdown right before her parents are coming to stay with us for a week. She calls my mom and my mom takes me back to Canada to get some help (I bring my truck) my mom is convinced I've moderated my drinking and it's a bigger issue so I see a doctor with her and he gives me something to numb the anxiety obviously not supposed to be mixed with alcohol which I do anything and in my arrogant mind think it's okay to drive to get a burger down the street on at 11 o'clock at night. I slam my beautiful brand new truck into the back of a parked car damage isn't terrible but I'm freaking out. I leave a note and go home next day talk to cops insurance will cover but great brand new truck just lost value and I'm in Canada.. This complicates things. I need to be at work in 24 hours. I get a rental car truck is towed all good. Stone sober at this point shitting bricks racing to get back to gf as we had plans with her parents and I'm already 2 days late. The fucking wheel on the rental flies off on the freeway I miraculously don't hit anything or anyone.. Fucked situation but clearly not my fault. Get another rental car drive down all is well exept my dumb shit decides to get a different bottle of wine I don't normally get before coming home which was much stronger basically offend her dad and scream at her mom for no reason even tho they are the sweetest people ever don't remember it the next day. Gf kicks me out mom takes me back to Canada. I bring all my shit up as I have nowhere to go down there and clearly need help. My mom has no clue and all doctors know I used to drink but are under the impression I have Cushing's disease and I am self medicating. Mom has been taking time off work taking me for all these blood tests which take hours up here and seeing specialists non stop but deep down I know My disease is alcoholism. FinanciAlly I'm fucked and I'm a huge burden on my mom and she doesn't even know the full extent. I don't know who to tell because my parents would disown me...Sorry it's written so poorly I am on my phone...Thanks for reading 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the group. I'm sorry things are so difficult for you right now. Grab a badge and join us.
Crazy story. Glad no one was injured (or arrested.) Sounds like a fine time to quit drinking. Let's not drink today.
You've been through a lot. I get the sense that you are standing on the edge of a cliff. One of the hardest things for me is facing the reality that I need to make a change. A change without any guarantees. And having to find faith that things will be better. Sorry that I'm rambling. ...Now that you've hit rock bottom are you ready to push off and begin to reach for what you want? One step at time one day at a time. I'm sending positive thoughts your way. 
Reading your story vividly reminded me of the shame fear anxiety and guilt I would so often feel as a result of my drinking. If you're ready to commit to a better way of life full of promise and stability it's waiting for you. Personally AA has turned my life around and made things possible I had only dreamt of before. You may wish to check out a few meetings in your area...All the best and welcome :)
It sounds like your mother is really putting her heart into helping you. She doesn't understand the real reason why but if she is willing to do all of this for you I guarantee she will not disown you for having developed an addiction to the most well known widely available life-destroying drug in this world. Even if you think your father is a "tough guy" he will be the same they may not fully understand but they will be there for you. It's an addiction you are human it happens to so many people but they are all hiding it as well. After going through it myself I know admitting it for fear of the "stigma" is scary but anyone who seriously cares for you won't give a shit they'll just want to help you.
Welcome /u/Rocket_twat to r/stopdrinking--at this [link is a post called the Baby Steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which might have some positive ideas for "next steps."
Wow what a story :-(  I'm so sorry you're going through such difficulties and pain.  I know what you mean about the amazing ability we hard-drinkers acquire to manipulate/lie our ways through everything.  I'm a master deceiver myself.  Drinking almost every day for the last 20 years I'm at the point where I can down three bottles of wine and still go to work the next day.  Or a 750 of the hard stuff--  yep still showed up to work the next day!  Talked an LAPD (!?!) out of a DUI once.  What.  The.  Hell?!?!  Got my ass towed from a Hollywood concert to the nearest emergency room in a 911 ambulance once--  nope living through that event still didn't stop this genius of the century.  ..Now?  Facing bankruptcy I completely understand your stress about not telling your parents about the financial trainwreck.  ALMOST lost my family at one point along the years.  Definitely lost some very fine friends along the way while I was acting like a monster but feeling entirely out of control how to stop it/myself...The good news?  Yes there is some and plenty of it!!!  If you're here talking about it you've already taken the first step to start changing your mindset and lifestyle.  Something I've very much come to realize is that I did not become an addict overnight so it's going to take time most likely a lot of it to re-wire my faulty brain circuitry.  I will probably mess up along the way but I'm going to dust myself off and restart and not give up because of it.  ..The cunning and baffling bit about alcohol's drug in particular is how much it messes with your body chemistry--  it also creates mad cravings for sugar wheat whichever your vice is.  There are so many times I CRAAAAVE a glass a bottle three bottles of wine!  And then I have to realize I've been funneling the equivalent of two bottles of pure-sugar-high grape juice through my poor body for a very long time--  so of course my body's going to go haywire.  The trick is to realize that and find alternative ways to ease the withdrawl and cravings.  ..Realizing that you have a problem is a huge accomplishment!  Rock bottom can be a good thing--  can't get any worse you can only go up from here!!!  And be gentle with yourself.  The concept of quitting/"never again" has often been way too much for me so even just starting to cut back is a step in a positive direction.  New rules.  Skip every other day maybe.  FORCE yourself to eat at least two meals before you start drinking.  Give the car keys to a neighbor if you think you're going to drink tonight.  Little things.  But it's the little things that made us an addict in the first place so it's the baby-steps that are going to undo it and bring you back to sanity.  It IS possible and you WILL do it if you truly want to!  ..And I know I'm probably not supposed to say this online but I will anyways because I'm not afraid anymore:  PRAY.  With all your heart.  You might be surprised.  ..Keep coming back this area of Reddit is an absolutely fantastic home base of strangers who all have one thing in common:  we have/have had a massive problem with alcohol but we're working on it and we love each other xXx
You've come to the right place. 
I'm sorry for the havoc that alcohol is causing in your life. ...The good news is you can start turning it all around right now.  ...You don't have to drink today.   You may feel like you do but you really don't.   ...
You can do this!
Wow you got really lucky with the DUI that shit is expensive! (speaking from my own experience).  ..Have you thought about the reasons **why** you are drinking? Boredom? Anxiety? Anything else? ..Personally I was medicating myself with alcohol (especially my anxiety). Working on that helped staying sober! Day by day...
So sorry for your suffering. Come in there are good people here. You can do this.
Thanks everyone my mom is kind enough to take out a home equity loan to cover my debt and give me a month or two to recover before I can get back on my feet and start working again. Today marks day 1 in me becoming me. I think I have a good shot because I'm back in my hometown with friends and family and no longer alone all the time. 
Any particular reason you think your parents would disown you? 
Today is so hard I feel like it won't get better..
Hey bud I can really relate to your story. I started drinking heavily in grad school and would also go to class drunk. I graduated when I was 25 years old and I'm now 28. I have hit many bottoms over the last 3 years. Broken teeth DUI torn meniscus... I've never been fired from a job but over the past years I've jumped from job to job. I am able to reframe from drinking for a month or two and then I usually get depressed and drink for a weekend. I'm sober today going to AA meetings and daily reminding myself why I need to never drink. One glass of wine affects me being around alcohol affects me... I'm really not meant to fuck with that shit. The reason I'm sharing this with you... I should have quit sooner than later. I started going to AA in 2012 and I should have just quit then... When I was 24/25. But I still had reservations. I am 3 weeks sober today... And I really need to just do this. So hang in there I am here for you and this sub is awesome! Keep sharing!!! PM if you need me!
Your mom sounds like a wonderful person and I think you'd be surprised by her reaction if you were completely honest.  I was trying to hide my addiction because I was afraid of what people thought especially my mother but when my husband phoned her when I ended up in the ER her response "this doesn't surprise me".  lol!  Get honest it's the only way.
