-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bhnf2/one_month_sober_feel_great/

My background: family alcoholism runs in the family. My Dad has struggled with alcohol for 30 years now so I should not be surprised that it has also made an impact on my life as well. I went through a pretty bad rough patch for about six months -- where I would buy two bottles of wine pretty much every night and drink every drop. At the time it was easy to justify it in my mind: I was just unwinding after work I was just relaxing etc. Deep down I knew what I was doing was not considered "normal" but it never really compelled me to stop or break the cycle. In that period I also gained about 35 pounds and as you can imagine I did not have the best diet. ..My alcohol abuse never really affected my career in fact I got a promotion during that six month stretch and was actually kicking ass. But my social life did suffer. I wasn't as likely to go out or meet up with friends mostly because I would still feel hungover from drinking two bottles of wine the night before and I was a little paranoid that my friends would notice my recent weight gain and attribute it to drinking. I should mention that all of this drinking during the six month bender was done all alone ... shocking I know. ..I've gone through these stretches in the past where I either: A.) lead a mostly healthy lifestyle of eating right working out and cutting back on my drinking. Or: B.) Go balls to the wall and drink almost five to six nights a week and order take out every night. ..I'm not sure if I ever hit a "rock bottom" -- I've never gotten a DUI been arrested etc. -- but just came to the realization that my behavior was certainly not normal and it was time to make a change. ..Right now I am in my health kick. I feel great I've lost 20 pounds sleep better and have stopped drinking. I've started a new job that I'm really liking so far and as my title mentions have not had a drink in a month. ..Anyway just curious if anyone has experienced these cycles of binging vs living a healthy lifestyle -- and how do you avoid the binge?.
----------immediate responses--------

congrats and avoiding the binge for me involved fixing the things I was trying to drown with alcohol - and being ruthless when my inner brat tried to convince me he "deserved" a "reward"..Oh and I went to AA - there are alternatives now try one try em all.
I was a consistent drinker not a binger - the only thing I was consistent about in my life probably!  Congrats on 1 month and losing so much weight!  I'm hoping to start losing the 40# I've gained over the last 4 years.
Congrats! It's as if I could have written this post. I've had binge periods on and off and times when I could keep it to a drink or less each day. But the last year was at least a bottle a night. I'm thinking that the "healthy" periods of moderation are never sustainable because I eventually end up in the blackout phase once life gets more challenging. So cutting out drinking altogether is what has to work for me. .Congrats on a month! I'll have 30 days tomorrow as well :)
