-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bkhot/usually_a_fight_with_the_wife_getting_drunk_to/

I've been married for 10+years and drinking has really taken a toll on our marriage. In the past I've tried to stop in an effort to save things but it never worked. Maybe I was doing it for her (not for myself) I didn't get the support I really needed (from her or professionally) and eventually I relapsed. In the past I only stopped drinking for 2-3 months before convincing myself that I didn't have a problem and I could moderate. ..Tonight I got into a fight with the wife. Usually I would be out drinking feeling sorry for myself and blaming her. Instead of taking the (verbal) abuse I shut her down. If she thinks I'm a horrible person she can move on but I'm done being told I'm a shitty person. I'm not hopeless and I'm not going to drink. If I am headed for divorce at least I'll be doing it sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Stopping drinking and staying sober really removed a metric shitton of tension from my house. It also stopped all the yelling (at me). Things are waaaay better. I am also glad you disengaged. There's been many times even before problem drinking where I made my wife madder by walking out of the room but I refuse to have an angry session about chores or something turn personal like that.       .Stick by your choice. Sobriety sucks in the heat of it but you're right. Do it for you. Life well lived is the end goal and alcohol doesn't do that.
The way I figured it there was zero chance of things getting better as long as I was drinking. Removing drinking didn't fix the underlying problems but it made it possible for me to make a better outcome whatever that might be. I'd rather deal with the shit in a real sober way so I can know that I am doing the best I can do at any given time. 
No man or woman in a relationship should put up with being told they're a shitty person. Good job not putting up with emotional abuse like that. 
It hurts doesn't it? 
