-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bltg0/been_prescribed_baclofen_and_im_scared_shitless/

So for all you out there that have had a doctor prescribe you something to help with your cravings I need an ear...Today I had one of my irregular psychiatrist visits and it went just fine as it usually does until the end.. I was asked if I still have 'cravings' (after 3-4 weeks). I said not so much 'cravings' but I still struggle and think about it a lot. The times when I do have a strong craving (losing my shit) I have to go for an angry walk around the block or change my surroundings. That sort of thing...We continued talking and the conversation turns towards Naltrexone and I'm extremely anxious. I ask a few questions and then the doctor takes pause and says 'actually no. I'll give a script for Baclofen'. I believe this was due to not just my alcohol use but also my stimulant usage and on top of that my constant food binging over the last few weeks while sober (FEED THE REWARD SYSTEM YOU BASTARD!!!)...Can anyone out there give me personal experiences regarding its effectiveness/side-effects? I've only just begun research and the idea I'll take a drug that in very laymen terms activates the GABA neurons (same neurons as benzos/alcohol) to reduces my learned reward pathways makes me very uncomfortable. But if it helps it helps no? ..I'm scared I'll be an emotional beanbag. Everything just 'ok'. I don't want that... To me that's not human. I think I'd rather fight my demons head-on than become numb. ..A positive side to the story is below;..From Wikipedia;..In the 2008 book Le Dernier Verre (translated as The End of my Addiction) French-American cardiologist Olivier Ameisen described how he treated his alcoholism with Baclofen. Inspired by this book an anonymous donor gave $750000 to the University of Amsterdam in the Netherlands to initiate a clinical trial of high-dose Baclofen which Ameisen had called for since 2004. The book raised demand for the drug in France and in 2014 the French drug agency ANSM issued a 3-year temporary recommendation for the treatment of alcoholism with Baclofen...If you got through all of that thank you and I look forward to any relateable experiences or thoughts on the issue.
----------immediate responses--------

Ill follow this discussion. Very interesting
If it helps at all... I feel the same way about prescription drugs for addiction.  I've tried Acamprosate (Campral) DISULFIRAM (Antabuse). and Naltrexone.  I had a positive experience with none of them... however Naltrexone held the most promise.  ..The main problem I had with them is that I felt worse on them than I did drinking.  No sex drive headaches nausea etc.  Of course the symptoms varied.  But the best thing I can say about them is that while taking them I was mindful of my commitment to stop.  But in that respect they might as well have been an alarm clock and a sugar pill.  ..Now... I'm not a doctor... nor am I a daily drinker... so my experience is my own and your circumstances may be entirely different.  (tbh... I'm gonna use your "angry walk" if that's ok haha!) ..I have naltrexone on hand if I need it... And that's the advice my doc gave me.  That shit knocks me out... if I take a full dose.  but that might be a good thing when I'm climbing up the walls wanting a drink.  :/  ..I hope you find something to suit you.  
If it makes you uncomfortable I absolutely agree that you should go talk to that GP that you trust. Too often I feel that psychiatrists lean too heavily on prescriptions for things that might resolve "naturally" (and I want to emphasize that I absolutely believe that scrips are extremely beneficial to a portion of the population). When dealing with addiction it seems that education is sadly lacking among MD's. Trust your gut. I've tried Naltrexone and it wasn't too bad side-effect wise (just made me sleepy) but it didn't work for me. Best wishes and keep us updated!
