-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bny6q/first_post/

Hi everyone. I've been lurking here for a while but this will be my first post. Just thought I'd introduce myself and ask for a little guidance. I am now 58 days sober (will be at the 2 month mark soon!). I am 24 years old. I grew up in a small town where it was normal to start drinking young. I had my first drink when I was ten. I was binge drinking by 13. ..I calmed a bit as I got older and my drinking turned into wine nights alone on the couch. I would be hungover at work a lot and I was beginning to lie about the amount that I drank. Short of this I never had any large repercussions to my drinking but it was definitely a problem. ..I began to have anxiety about my drinking habits and would constantly picture myself getting worse with fatal consequences: (my grandma was an alcoholic and passed away as a result). I never want to see myself in that place. I am so incredibly humbled and thankful that I didn't have any terrible consequences to my drinking and count myself very lucky for this. I am not willing to let myself go down a path where this is possible again. .58 days ago I decided to stop drinking. I have strong will power so tbh I haven't found it to be very hard. I quit smoking at the same time so it's definitely been quite a lifestyle change. I haven't gone to meetings- I think my reasoning for this stems from my age feeling as though I will be the youngest person there and also my ambivalence towards religion and the ties that AA have to this. I'm on this sub daily I've talked to close friends my boyfriend and family about quitting. I've accepted that I need a change. ..At this point I suppose I'm struggling with knowing whether or not I'm a dry drunk or am actively recovering. It seems that the general consensus here is that you need to attend meetings and I haven't done any formal work in that regard. I get cravings which I recognize as my addiction talking so I quickly act to make myself busy and they pass quickly...I feel that I am functioning well and that I am in a good starting place but I'm not sure where to go from here...Thanks everyone for the support I've felt just by reading this sub so far it has helped so much!.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 58 days! That is a major accomplishment and only 2 away from 60 :)...No need to worry about age...I'm 25. I think that you are blessed with foresight if you recognize an issue while you are this young and make moves to correct your actions...Good luck and I will see you on the boards :)..- Still Falls Jr
There is a very active young peoples group in AA where I live...And I'm an atheist AA has ties to spirituality not religion.
I'm also 24 and 58 days sober! High five!
I think lots of people find meetings helpful. AA is not the only game in town thankfully because I was not a good fit. I have a small refuge recovery group I attend that has helped me mainly just by being around other people in the same boat as I am. If you have sober friends you can probably get the same effect! Before I joined I really didn't have anyone to talk to about my issues (very understanding husband but he's not an alkie so he doesn't *really* understand). SMART recovery is also an option. Otherwise if you're not meeting any major bumps in the road continue on! Well done on 2 months!
I didn't attend my first meeting until I was almost 10 months sober and I had never considered myself a dry drunk before that. I had found something that worked for me. ..Through participation here on SD talking with other friends in recovery and spending a lot of time on personal reflection I was able to personally start understanding my issues and making decisions and more importantly actions to help change things. That to me is what my recovery is about. Understanding my issues and working to make positive change in my life. Learning ways to deal with urges. Emotional growth. Restoring relationships and letting others go. Talking to other people whether it be here or in real life. ..I think that it's great that you're looking for some inspiration on where to head next on this journey. I remember that for me I decided to join a gym around 3 months sober and started another adventure entirely. The possibilities are endless!  ..What do you feel like you might want to add to your current routine to stay on top of things?.
First congrats on your 59 days. Second I have made the personal decision not to attend meetings - - at least for now. I have a variety of reasons though the religious/spiritual aspect is not one of them. For me I have found that clean eating the gym this subreddit a decent therapist and a few close supportive friends have really really helped me stay on track. It really seems that different approaches work for different people and that there's no one universal solution (except not drinking). Some folks thrive in groups but I am not one of them. Best of luck!
