-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bqk2i/21_relapses/

I first attempted to quit drinking 31 weeks ago. After looking back in one of my spread sheets I have found that in the past 217 days I have drank on 21 occasions. ..Flights dates my birthday a celebration with friends etc. Each time I had such a "good" excuse. Not to mention that I reminded myself how little I have been drinking now compared to the last 10 or so years; so I "deserved" it. ..But you know what on each of those 21 occasions I guarantee you that I drank well over the recommended "safe" limit. Probably averages 10 drinks per occasion. Probably drank about a grand...I can't even imagine how much I was drinking before I made any attempts to reduce intake if my "minimal" drinking results in 200+ drinks and lord only knows how many "units" in only about 6 months time. ..I'm mad. Mad at myself for not having better self control for doing this to my body for putting myself in dangerous situations as a result of my binge drinking for not being able to drink like "normal" people...Sorry for all the quotation marks... It's the only way I can convey my denial. ..But if you don't quit you can't fail so I'm going to try again. I would love to go the rest of my life without having another drink. ..I'm on 4 days right now. Saturday night I went over to a buddy's place to share a sophisticated bottle of wine which somehow turned into a questionable house party in a sketchy part of town followed by strippers followed by spending all my money being the pathetic old timer at a night club buying glasses of expensive champagne for pretty faces. ..Hundreds of dollars later I was stumbling the 8 block walk home with a dead phone. Anything could have happened to me I was in a completely defenceless state. ..When I got home I was standing naked on my balcony looking over the city wondering if I should jump; which is absolutely ridiculous because I have an amazing life. I have everything someone could ever want but for some reason I keep drinking. I have no interest in self harm and could never even consider something like that had I been sober. I never want to go into that dark place in my mind...in a bottle... Again. ..There's so many things I want to do in life and I don't need alcohol to do any of them. ..So again here is my pledge to quit drinking to stop being seduced by the lies we have all been lead to believe about the bottom of a bottle. ..I know in my heart that alcohol can not improve my life it can only take things away from me. This is my struggle to overcome and I will. ..Doesn't matter if it's "one nice glass of wine" or 100 shots of tequila neither can add value to my life so from this point forward no more "reduced drinking". I need to quit entirely for good. 
----------immediate responses--------

I agree with you that there is truly nothing to be gained from drinking. This is my (?) attempt at quitting drinking and it's the farthest I've ever made it. I definitely used to make up little events for myself that I could drink at. Or I would convince myself I'm able to moderate now. But stopping drinking when you're an alcoholic just doesn't work that way. You gotta stop and actually stop. And overcome the ways your mind will trick you into having a drink...It was super scary to read you ended up wanting to jump from your balcony while you were drunk. That's not where anyone wants to end up. You probably have a lot of problems and issues that you need to address. It's going to be hard at first but you regonize you have an awesome life and seem to have a positive attitude so I don't think you'll have the most difficult time with this. But it has to be done. ..Try your hardest to just not drink today and don't set aside dates where it will be ok. Just keep bettering yourself as a person and you'll eventually not feel the need to "reward" yourself with a drink. All the amazing positive changes in your life will be reward enough for your efforts. Seek out all the support you need and good luck on your journey!
Sorry to hear about all the pain you have been going through. It really does sound like a testing period. ..I know you probably don't need a lecture but it sounds a little like you were relying on will power mostly? I'm not sure If I'll reach 200+ days but fundamentally changing my perception of what alcohol is and what it does has been one of the key backbones preventing me from a relapse so far. ..I'm sure you can get it together though and as you rightly say the reduced drinking is a great achievement and you should be rightfully proud of this.
are you done? what it going to take?
Have you tried SMART or AA?   ..
My drinking is just like yours.  I have made a lot of bad decisions in life and my first bad decision is usually drinking just one beer.  This then leads to a parade of bad decisions which I regret the next day.  The only fix for my specific problem is not to make that first bad decision.  If I can do that then I fix almost everything that I do wrong.  We are here for you...we are just like you...we will stay sober.
What are you going to do differently this time because if nothing changes nothing changes?
