-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bujgv/at_what_point_does_the_struggle_stop_consuming_me/

I'm not exactly sure how to articulate  this. Things are definitely  easier now than 40 days ago.  However I have to consciously  decide not to drink every day.  Surely one of these days I will stop thinking about "not drinking" right?  Like in 2 years I don't want to wake up and immediately  think "I will not drink today."  I want to wake up and not think about it at all.   
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not 100% sure that ever happens sad to say. Granted it wasn't years but I made it 90 days not too long ago and every day was a......I'm not going to say 'struggle' but it was a conscious decision. ..I think from what I've seen you may have days here and there that it just never crosses your mind but it seems unlikely to fade completely...Again this is just based on what I have heard people say and do around me. YMMV. ..But *hopefully* someday the thought of it will just be so automatic that you won't even consider it a 'struggle'. It will just be the same reaction as "do I want to drink a gallon of brake fluid today? Of course not. That would be silly. And then you go one with your day.
I can relate to this so much. Not drinking takes up so much head space right now. I almost want to start again just to stop obsessing about it so much. Not really but you know what I mean?
I know exactly what you mean!  It seems that thoughts of "not drinking" consume far more of my time each day than thoughts of "drinking" ever did before!  It's almost as if it's a bigger and more important thing in my life than it used to be.  I too am looking forward to it being simply a non-issue.  I don't however wake up and think "I will not drink today" so I suppose I should be grateful for that much.
I think success at sobriety like being content with it isn't jjst stopping. It's replacing what alcohol was used for with healthy habits. Which is why exercise works so well eats up stress so don't need alcohol. If drinking helped boredom then any other activity. If anxiety...that's tougher but therapy meds yoga mindfulness &amp; meditation. If fun then any other fun activity. Could that help?
You are more than likely breaking a longstanding habit with your thinking.  Drinking became second nature to us so not drinking requires some training.  I'm pretty sure when we are a year or two into this it will be second nature.  
I know what you mean. Even close to 4 months sober now "not drinking" is on my mind almost all the time. It's not even cravings for alcohol that bother me as they're not as bad or frequent as they were but so much of my time is spent thinking about sobriety reading posts here etc. I'm a big overthinker in many situations and sobriety definitely isn't an exception. I'm trying to be mindful and tell myself that obsessing over sobriety is much better than drinking. But still there will be times I might go a couple hours without really thinking about it and I like how relaxed I feel then. I'd really like to reach a point where I can just go about my life and activities without being so hyper aware of this big lifestyle change.
I can unequivocally say it stops being a struggle.  It was hard while I focused on "not drinking" (a negative).  When I evolved to Sober Living (a positive) the thoughts of drinking left me!  It was a F- ing Miracle!  ..It was directly correlated with my work on "my stuff".  For me that includes fellowship mindfulness meetings working the steps this community.  
The obsession went away for me. I started drinking at 11 or 12 years old and I quit when I was 42. It was really hard (I didn't want to do AA and I weaned myself off alcohol by taking Nyquil every four hours -- not a great detox but it kept me from having DTs) and I had terrible cravings for weeks and felt miserable and like I'd never feel pleasure again for longer than that. However it went away. I very very rarely even think about alcohol and when I do it doesn't even sound good to me. I spent several weeks with my alcoholic sibling this summer and didn't want to join in the drinking. It honestly does get better and it's worth it. .Waking up feeling normal in the morning instead of feeling sick and  terrified about what idiocy you committed the night before is a massive improvement.
The struggle does stop. It has been so long ago that I can't tell you how long it took though. But with rehab therapy outpatient and AA I learned how to build a sober happy life that does not revolve around the struggle of not drinking. My life is stable satisfying and productive. I've embraced sobriety; it's part of who I am. I come here to give back what was so generously given to me. It gets better and easier. Hang on. 
I have to believe this is the case. My mentor (8 years sobriety) says that it indeed does become a matter of fact just sort of aspect of your life. Also I put quite a lot of work into drinking over the years --karmically I'm due to put some work into this sobriety thing too!
At the beginning I spent as much if not more time "managing" my not drinking than I had my drinking.  I think that's ok because for me the danger comes when it is not a conscious choice to not drink because that's when it becomes easier to rationalize romanticize etc.  I don't spend as much time thinking about what I have to do to stay sober each day fortunately but I still have to think about it.  Every time I read someone's request to reset his/her badge it is a reminder that I am only one drink away from that myself.  If I have to manage my not drinking forever that's a small price to pay for my sobriety. I choose to do it one day at a time because it feels proper to put it in its place each and every day. 
As far as I am in I still struggle. Not so much with urges but with anxiety and panic that shreds me to bits and makes it difficult to function. I was using alcohol to alleviate that pain. I know I was worst off with the booze and that it will get better eventually. But sometimes it's especially painful.
It's different for everyone I still have the occasional ideation but I wouldn't even go so far as to say that I crave the stuff anymore. For me I lost the desire to drink when I was given a second chance to enter outpatient treatment. The mental obsession just left when I surrendered to the knowledge that I couldn't drink successfully. I still remember very well the pain I felt and the comparison between the then and now is so vast. Even then my biggest asset was and is hope specifically that things can be made better. So it could happen any day now. Waiting for it will likely drive you nuts there are constructive fun and esteemable things to participate in in the mean time.
Everyone heals and advances at different rates so no one could tell you how you are going to feel at some point in the future. I can tell you that right now I don't have to wake up and tell myself I don't want to drink today. I've changed my thinking process and lifestyle so much since day one I don't want any part of my old life back. And I know drinking will take me exactly back to where I was. I still have thoughts about drinking but I'm able to squash them fairly quickly usually. Because I know what will happen if I go out and buy some beer. It'll be all downhill...Quitting drinking isn't going to heal you and make you recover. It's only going to give you the opportunity to be able to heal and recover yourself because if you're drinking it simply won't happen. To get to the point you're striving to get to it will take more than not drinking. It will take addressing the issues that led to your problem drinking and working day by day to better yourself as a person. Then you'll wake up one day and drinking won't be nearly the issue it is now. But no one can say when that day will come you just have to keep working towards it. Good luck!
When you are ready to let it go and I mean truly let it go forever then the two voices become one and you never have to think about drinking again.  I know it can happen because it happened to me. 
This will happen most days. Believe me you have struggled more in last forty days than I have in last twenty some years. (including my divorce) ..Shit will happen a particularly attractive woman will be in a beer ad at the restaurant you can now afford to take your SO to - the next table will loudly order a bottle of wine - thoughts may occur but they will go - so yes it really gets easier.  But you will think about it - about how much better off you are - in many ways - and I believe keeping in touch with gratitude is a big part of keeping me happy and sober.
