-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bwqd0/observation_from_giving_up_all_alcohol_for_lint/

Ok.  So I was a 4 to 5 drink a day guy - typically a couple or 3 glasses of wine with dinner and after dinner - and a scotch post sex before bed.  Never considered myself as having a drinking problem but our booze tab monthly was more than what many people make salary. ..So - my wife and I are catholic - she told me to try giving up all booze for lint... some 47 days in total (interestingly Sundays are not included in the lint calendar so the "40" days of lint is a bit of a misnomer). Because Sundays are technologically excluded from lint I was permitted to drink if I so choose but I was going to really try not to drink at all...The following are my observations with two days left to go:..Week 1:..1. The first week was more hell than I thought.  I cannot tell you how I kept thinking about getting a drink when I was doing something - playing a game eating dinner and so on - I just really wanted a drink.  This kind of surprised me...2. Getting out of bed in the morning became much much easier.  Typically I would wake and it would be a good hour and a half before I was ready to head out the door - mostly because I was just groggy. ..3. The desire to have a drink did not go away the entire first week...Week 2:..1. The desire to have a drink subsides a little.  I replace my post sex night cap with pomegranate juice. Whatever - don't judge.  It is fucking delicious and just want you need...2. My sleep habits tend to normalize.  I find myself getting into a routine of heading to bed by a normal hour - rather than whenever I pass out from I dunno - exhaustion and booze...3. I find myself talking more with my wife and joking around.  Don't get me wrong we have always had a great relationship.  But the heart can always grow fonder...Week 3:..1. This is when things get strange.  About 17 or 18 days of not drinking - I find myself having like weird perceptions - I can't describe it - it was almost as if my brain was rebooting - like it had shut down - I was a robot - and it was powering back on.  This was really strange - but I will say I typed a most excellent brief to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in a matter - that I feel pretty strongly we will prevail on (FYI I'm an attorney)...2. The strange feeling I was having with my brain kind of makes me tired faster - I feel asleep on the couch a few times by like 9:30 - very strange indeed for someone typically up till midnight...3. I'm hungry all the time.  I'm fit and eat a pretty much vegan diet - my doctor suggested it and so no meat no dairy I will eat grape jelly but I mean - I'm not vegan vegan - like I have leather seats in my cars and stuff.  Just like my veggies.  That being said I guess my body was struggling to replace the calories from booze.  So I did notice I needed to eat more in order to sustain the same active lifestyle.  i decide to carry around sunflower seeds (pre-shelled) to snack on if I get hungry...Week 4:..1. I don't really have a desire to drink anymore I don't think about it - frankly I end up playing some black ops 3 if I find myself restless in the evenings if my wife has already gone to bed...2.  Sex drive - this might be TMI but trying to cover all conversations.  My wife and I have always had a strong sex life (up till this third trimester of pregnancy) but no booze going on nearly a month of no booze - I seriously feel like a teenager again (I'm 33) when it comes to the drive...2. I start to realize some of the no-drinking limitations - I'm a freemason - after lodge we typically grab drinks - this is the 4th week in a row I miss fellowship with the brothers after lodge.  But they are all supportive in the goal...3. I get a request for a scotch recommendation from a friend wanting to buy a gift for someone.  That and someone sends me a photo of them standing outside a famous distillery. It dawns on me - regardless of years of kung fu training years of study in world cultures years of travel etc... a countless hobbies - I find most people are asking me about booze - is this what people associate me with???  Am I just now realizing this?..Sunday of week four - my wife and I have a glass of wine - she takes a few sips and gives me the rest - she is 7 months pregnant - and contrary to popular belief it is acceptable to have a small amount of wine while pregnant.  ..It was a bottle of Barbara - delicious - and I notice that I get a bit buzzed from just the one glass.  Wow - how my tolerance has changed...I have the one glass of wine and leave it at that...Week 5:..1. I start looking for other hobbies to do that I can get my friend involved in - I pick up golf.  I figure if my perception is being the drinking guy is going to change - I'm going to have to do it myself. ..2. Nothing really has changed much from week 4 as far as feeling goes.  No weirdness with the brain going on either - just me being me.  ..3. I do incorporate more juices into my life - I don't know how to explain this - I think part of why I drank so much was just the act of sipping on something while I watch TV or play a game...   I am not trying to chase any demons away or anything - we have awesome lives - are in the top like 2% of income earners and frankly realize how fortunate our hard work has paid off.  So it seems I mostly drank just to continue the celebration more than anything...Week 6: ..No real change from week 5...Week 7:..Here we are - two days left till Easter Sunday - when Lint is officially over and I am permitted to drink anytime I want.  Will I?  Yes... I know I'll have some wine from time to time...But I must say this whole thing has greatly opened my eyes as to myself and how I am perceived by those around me. Some people might pretend that being judged by their peers doesn't matter - but it does.  We humans are social creatures and for better or worse strive for group approval.  Do I live my life for their approval?  Of course not.  But do I want to be respected by my peers.  Of course I do.  I think drinking interfered with that - at least to the degree I did.  ..Plus - the way I feel now - not groggy in the mornings etc... certainly worth keeping up the not drinking.  One thing for will be certain - I'll certainly not drink everyday - and when I do - it will be max of a glass...
----------immediate responses--------

Good work on this journal--so this is what I would do in your shoes: keep a close eye on whether my drinking spins out of control and remember that there is a path here.  Good luck to you.
Really like this timeline. I wish I had kept a journal of my sober journey from Day 1. I remember many of the mini-milestones but not the day-to-day details. Your Wk3 items 1&amp;2 brought me back bc I distinctly remember in the week 3 timeframe being in business meetings and I just couldn't articulate my thoughts in words that I would commonly use to express myself and also being overly tired. I noticed that my verbal discussion abilities (of professional scope) during ~wk3 were reduced far below normal levels. It was very weird but similarly I somehow prepared a significant work deliverable during this time. I've since had big step-ups in clarity and sharpness of thought at days ~55 and ~81. Can't wait to see what the next step-up brings. I may be able to moderate now I don't know for sure. I do know that after all I have learned here on r/sd and elsewhere that I have no plan to attempt it. I'm not buying in to the marketing of ethanol poison disguised by single malt older than my children "noble" hops craft brewing master blending to a NV cuvee or ancient vines and then "confirmed" by gold medals or "points" in blind tastings. Will be an alcohol-free and fun Easter in the ScottyDog2-house. Sober on.
Just FYI... it's actually "Lent" not "Lint". (not trying to be "That guy" but since you did it twice I figure it was not a typo and I figured I would want to know if I was mistaking a word like that)
Thank you for this. Very nice post.
[deleted]
This post has so many humblebrags that I lost count!  I'm just a garden variety drunk picking lent out of my belly button.  
