-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4byhy5/100_day_look_back/

Today is day 101. I can honestly say I feel better. Not having to worry about driving home and running into a DUI stop after a long night of drinking. No more stopping at a liqour store after a few drinks at the bar to buy a 5th of whiskey. No more getting to work at 3:00 am out of fear of wouldn't wake up in time for work. It's finally all a thing of the past. ..As anything I am still trying to adjust to all the changes. All the things that alchohal surrpressed all comes out. The thing that I am fighting most is the loneliness I feel. I have always been a shy and quiet person but had a good group of friends. But in reality I am very lonely. Has anyone else experienced this? I feel the need that I now need to find a companion in life. I know dating is frowned upon but I need something!..Anyways if your reading this and your only a few days in and starting to think twice just keep going. Your going to struggle your going to think about giving up your going to tell yourself "I can't" but in the end YOU WILL. For me it is has all been worth and I hope in the end it is worth it to you too!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 100 days.  I definitely used alcohol to "manage" my loneliness which I feel a lot.  I have very few friends and none I see on a daily or even weekly basis.  I am in a gutted long-term relationship of 29 years where we're good roommates but I can't expect to have any "real" conversations (which would need to happen in order for other things to happen)...Please don't rush into a relationship -- that I do know for sure.  Do all of your good friends drink?  Are there non-drinking activities you can initiate with any of them?  I plan to start volunteering at an animal shelter in order to meet some new folks and do something that is clearly non-alcohol-focused.  I need new ways to express my not-drinking self that will also create connection.
I need to read this thank you.
I get to do mine tomorrow! I'm also a quiet lonely loner. I try not to look past the end of the day with that. And drinking haha. Alot of days it's just "get to bed go to sleep then it will be tomorrow." I'd rather be sober and lonely than drunk and making a fool out of myself trying to not be alone! I've heard it gets better. We'll find out. Congrats on triple digits!
