-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bz7wk/relapsing/

I see alot of post on here about relapsing and i just wanted to say a few words about it.   I know I'm only 83 days in but the transformation i have made in that time as been amazing.   I understand the cravings can sometimes be overwhelming but the progress i have made far out weigh anything alcohol has in store for me.  I look better i feel better and my relationships are beyond what i could ever imagine.   That is what i think of anytime  i think of drinking.   I can't have any of that with alcohol in my life and i don't want to go back.  I love the new me.   I'm not saying is easy at first but if you can just hang on for one day the next one will be easier.  Then the next and so on. Stay strong do it one day at a time and before you know it you will see a sober beautiful person looking back at you in the mirror.  With so much to offer to this world you will never want to go back either..Edit: apperently i made it sound like my journey was easy i can assure you it wasn't.  I relapsed two times since i started to try to get sober i know it happens.  I just wanted to share what keeps me going forward on this day and hopefully the rest. Sorry for the confusion.
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful post!
You know that's exactly what I feel too and keeps me plodding forward one foot in front of the other. With relapse I can understand how or why. Maybe it's a tragedy sober living hasn't produced strong enough compensation tool for. Or it's a case of the "fuck it's". Or the case of thinking and forgetting how bad it was and that moderation may be possible now.      ..Either way i don't judge because Ive been there before and it's more important that we get up again when we fall.
Thank you from a recent relapser. 
[removed]
While I agree with you relapse on a couple occasions were essential to my understanding of my personal relationship with alcohol and key to my long term recovery. Not that I am advocating for it but it can just be a part of the process for some of us. 
Whatever it takes to keep you motivated. Relapse is part of most people's journey because they need to see the light and get dragged back to see just how dark it can get.
Right there with you brother. The longer I go the more confident I feel that my decision to stop drinking will stick. 
Thank you for sharing that's great to hear! In my mind I keep a hard line between me and alcohol I keep a wall along it well fortified. I know this side of the line is the best way for me to stay - there's nothing good waiting for me the other side no matter what the situation.
[deleted]
There's a saying "time does not equal recovery."  The work I do on myself is a better indicator of my progress in recovery.  Not drinking is great.  But if all I do is not consume alcohol I may just be a [Sober Horse Thief](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bbujd/what_if_im_just_a_sober_horse_thief/).
That's how I feel for the most part but there's this haunting voice inside me that would love that first glass of chardonnay.  Then there's my sober voice saying 'll shiti I'm scared to death that I'm going to fail'.  But it has never been just one glass it's the whole big bottle and it ends in a blackout.  If I could just have a glass that would be great but that's not the hand I've been dealt; unfortunately I'm alcoholic so can't do just one.  I will not drink today 
Great postthat attitude and thinking will keep me sober today.
I can relate. Once I had the nagging feeling I should quit booze for good (aka I was powerless against it) I spent the better part of a year relapsing before it stuck. In hindsight I wish I would've seen my doctor and gone to meetings before my quit date. At least I had sober support. 
That's exactly how I did it. One day at a time. I had many relapses but it was part of the journey for me. You're right though each day that passes it really does get easier. I struggled for years then this last time something clicked and I haven't had a drink since. Thank you for sharing this. It helps me to remember what it took for me to get here. Peace and good vibes to you.
