-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4c64jh/how_long_did_it_take_you_to_like_aa/

I'm coming up on 5 months now and even though I think AA has helped me I'm not sure if it's for any other reason than having a community of people to relate to and be accountable to. The seemingly central tenets of AA (higher power character defects etc.) still really don't sit well with me and I feel like I'm faking it when I share at meetings. I'm sort of working the steps with a sponsor even though I really don't agree with some of them because I'm afraid if I don't make an attempt I'll end up relapsing again. I think I have tried to be open to AA in sobriety but if I'm truly honest with myself I just don't like it and I want there to be another way. Just wanted to see if other people can relate and am wondering how long it took you to get fully on board with AA. I've been trying this for over a year now and it hasn't gotten much easier.
----------immediate responses--------

I think once I started making friends I started liking it. I got involved with service at about three months sober and that helped me meet people and break me out of my shell. I hear often "the fun people are in service" and that has proven very very true for me. Just talking the talk does not keep me sober I need to walk the walk as well.
Kudos /u/crapaiola for 148 days! I never got "fully on board with AA" because there are things I don't agree with. Nevertheless AA saved my life. Working the steps was a life-changing experience although I found a version that had the god-stuff removed. Helping out at meetings  chairing making coffee cleaning up make me feel more connected with the group. I went out for coffee after meetings which helped me get to know people better. ..You may  also try SMART Recovery which I hear good things about. ..Thanks for posting. Stay in touch.
It was something of a love/hate thing in the beginning...Loved that I felt like I belonged that people understood.  edit: that scared me some too.     ..Hated they were telling me what to do - that they made it seem so simple.  I was more complicated than they understood.....you see...MY biggest problem was that I was thinking too much and as a part of that had all the answers - and thus was unable to listen because I was composing my rebuttal...For me it was hearing other people tell my story - I could see in them what I could not see/admit in myself - that I was a garden variety drunk and there was no loophole with my name on it...In some ways I am still not entirely on board with AA there are some more "orthodox" meetings I will not go to I can not recite the big book but I enjoy the meetings I choose to go to - and will say it was the thing that saved my life - and gave me a better way  to live..
Wait  I'm supposed to like AA?   I don't remember reading that as a requirement ;)  Is it helping keep you sober?  Is it making your life better or at least less worse?   When I started in AA there were definitely things that I wanted to learn and I had a lot of expectations from it.  When my expectations weren't realized I became discouraged and this often led to more tough lessons.  I eventually had to put aside my expectations and my knowledge and just become willing to listen and learn.  I had to abandon my "know it all" attitude.  This took me about 6 months after my last relapse but at least a year and a half after being first introduced to AA for this to happen.  
I would try other meetings. I also love my therapist. Maybe adding those to your routine would help you find more enjoyment in sobriety.
I had a really bad attitude about AA for a long time and it just shows how desperate I was that I agreed to give it a shot about three years ago.  I'm an atheist so there was a lot I couldn't tolerate (still don't love much of it--I think an update of the Big Book or at least a non-religious interpretation would do much to increase membership) but I went with the willingness honesty and open-mindedness and I do believe it saved my life.  ..Regarding the steps I took them very seriously in the hope that *something* would help me finally stay sober and there's a lot of good in them.  I had to do some reinterpretation--powerlessness and higher power simply means I'm not the grandest thing around and my hp can change from day to day and even moment to moment.  Character defects--well if you have let alcohol rule your life for a length of time and you don't have any defects good for you and maybe you *don't* need AA?  At any rate the bare bones of the steps are  a form of cognitive behavioral therapy that can help you turn your life around and if you need that it's a way to do it.  SMART Recovery and other programs do the same thing but those meetings are not as plentiful as AA meetings.
&gt; I'm sort of working the steps with a sponsor even though I really don't agree with some of them ..I really didn't want to work the steps when I first arrived.  I remember thinking "What the hell does an inventory even mean? and WHY do I have to tell someone about it?"  To me that didn't have anything to do with getting or staying sober...I mean how funny is that?  I wasn't able to get and stay sober on my own but somehow I KNEW that those steps didn't have anything to do with getting and staying sober...That's what a close friend helped me realize is that MY best thinking and actions landed me RIGHT IN AA.  So perhaps I needed to learn some new ways learn about something I knew nothing about...He suggested that I should dive in 100% do everything that my sponsor suggested no matter how crazy....just do it.  He said if I committed to doing each step 100% to the best of my ability and with the help of a sponsor who had over 5 yrs of sobriety and had worked all the steps with his sponsor......only after I'd worked the steps like that would I be in a position to reevaluate.  ..Up until that point my evaluation was suspect because I was evaluating without sufficient experience and that lack of experience clouded and distorted my evaluation...So to answer your original question I began to really like AA after I had done a VERY through and honest 4th and 5th step.  It was then that I found a strange peace and serenity to life and the obsession was gone for LONG periods of time.  I found after working those steps that I felt more connected to AA - that the idea of being a poser or a faker really left.  ..4 and 5 weren't easy for me at all....in fact that was some of the most difficult internal work I've ever done in my life.  They were touching on so many levels of pain and suffering in my past that I honestly didn't know how I would get through them......I mean the idea that I would have to tell someone all those secrets I was going to take to my grave just made me cringe with fear...But that's why having a sponsor that's worked the steps is so important.  He helped me stay on course helped me deal with my fears and take the actions I needed to take to become healthy.
Congratulations on "noticing" that you" don't like it and I want there to be another way."  That's good stuff!..Hard to get much out of something that I resent except more irritated and resentful.  ..I started to "like"AA when I wanted help "working on my stuff."  If all I do is "not drink" I might just be a [Sober Horse Thief](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4bbujd/what_if_im_just_a_sober_horse_thief/).  ..When I start making progress on my stuff I can then be present to help others.  My participation supports others.  ..What do you think?
I got a sponsor early on and he pretty much guided me through the in-group language and meetings not-to-miss.  I'm not terribly shy so within a few meetings I had made a pretty good peer-support network.  I did not turn down invitations to events or service work like greeting people at the door putting up chairs etc.  It was a blink of an eye before I felt super-at-home.  I just re-did all of this again when I left my long time sober club to become one of the early pioneers in the Cleveland Agnostic meetings.  Of course now I know how to do it. 
