-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4c88z9/first_week_of_sobriety_and_struggling_with_local/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

I'm a 5 meeting a week guy and I am still shocked at some of the mean spirited things I hear.  Sometimes a drunk asshole just turns out to be a sober asshole.  I just try and remember why I'm there and tune the jerks out.  I wish you the best and won't drink with you Mon.
No doubt you're in a tough spot here and I hope you keep moving forward. The benefits of sobriety and a solid program of recovery are a wonderfully refreshing light in a world full of darkness. I don't identify with the LGBT community however throughout my recovery I've come a long way towards accepting others who see things differently than myself. The people in your town are simply a product of their own life experience no matter how close-minded it is to you. What's important for your sobriety is that you don't carry the load of their biases and misconceptions by attempting to change them or feeling you have to. I pray that something works out for you soon. Keep up the good fight for survival!   
I can't offer any advice as I don't have any experience with support groups. I just wanted to let you know that I'm sorry that you're having to deal with close minded people when you're trying to stay sober. Maybe just keep trying different groups if possible? Hang in there! 
The important thing I try to keep in mind is that ultimately I am going to meetings for myself. Having the courage to be myself and speak what is in my heart is my responsibility to myself and everyone in the rooms. As long as I am being honest loving and tolerant with others I should be okay. Keep doing what you're doing for yourself and when the next person who sits down in that chair who is LGBT (or other) needs help you will be there for them. Congrats on 8 days!
I don't have any advice or solutions for you.  I hope some day you make it out of there to a more welcoming place.  AA rooms are full of some of the healthiest as well as sickest people in society.  All we can do as individuals is try to be the healthy ones.
&gt;How do other people deal with being isolated in a close-minded small town? ..My experience is AA is a reflection of the community though often more broadminded in general. I got sober in what was virtually a lesbian enclave in Brooklyn where there were more than open minded.  Suggest you find a women's meeting and go from there.  Also if you let it be known you need rides you may well get them.
I'm sorry to hear that! I'm a fellow lesbian and haven't yet been to a meeting but that would drive me crazy to hear others making intolerant comments. Maybe just try to get out of it what you can for now until you can make it to a friendlier meeting? And in the meantime you have us :)
I was really saddened and kind of shocked to read that you have encountered negativity concerning LGBT issues. Then again I live in San Francisco so I may be naive. Please do try to hold on to your internet service; connection with others such as through SD is so important. (Can what you are saving on booze cover it?) I won't drink with you.
Not sure if it's helpful since you're unable to drive right now but here is the link to the [Akron/Cleveland SD subreddit] (https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/).    ..You might also be able to get a ride to meetings in that area.  Its pretty common for people in AA to offer rides to those who aren't able to drive.  Maybe someone nearish to you drives to Akron/Cleveland meetings.  There are local AA hotlines that might have a list of people willing to give rides.   ..There are also a lot of telephone/skype meetings including LGBT meetings.  Its not quite the same as face-to-face but there are probably a lot of people in similar situations in the telemeetings who could offer some advice/support  http://www.aa-intergroup.org/directory_venue_telephone.php
First and foremost congrats on making the decision to stop drinking and to change your life.  The circumstances surrounding it might not be ideal but your decision definitely is...I know that with AA many groups have a system in place to help people who have transportation issues.  I would reach out to the groups to see if they can help you out (I have no idea if this is feasible since I don't know where you are in relation to Cleveland/Akron but it could never hurt)...That being said AA isn't the be all and end all for recovery.  There are many other support groups and organizations out there that can help you through your recovery.  AA is definitely the most popular and well known but there may be other organizations that may make you feel more comfortable...All the best to you with your recovery
At our meetings shares must be related to alcohol and personal stuff is directed towards therapists. I don't share personal stuff their. Just the troubles alcohol is caused. Try and  find the right meeting.
