-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ccokv/therapy_helps_me/

I have been carrying around a lot of anxiety so much that I didn't even really allow myself to acknowledge the hard work I put in this year. I booked an appointment with my therapist who I haven't seen in awhile. I've been to therapy on and off typically don't have time for it and not a whole lot of funds. But living with the anxiety I've been experiencing has been terrible. Getting rid of it or expressing it for an hour is well worth $180. I'd probably pay more!..I just wanted to say that it was an amazing session. I cried through most of it and linked a lot of the current anxiety I've experienced to the anxiety in my childhood. Specifically my mother has a lot of addictions and I also believe bipolar untreated. This was too much for little me to handle. I carried around the world as a child and I continue to do so as an adult...I'm sharing because some of you might find therapy helpful. It's frustrating that it is so expensive that it is not as integrated into the healthcare system in Canada as it should be and that it is pretty much unavailable financially around the world. But if this is an option available to you I recommend trying it out. ..I got a lot of emotions out  and identified that right underneath my anxiety was a pile of Shame. I know this is an emotion that some of us struggle with. So I thought I'd share!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on making yourself a priority. I have worked as a counseling therapist before. It's amazing the difference in people after a few hours of talking it out and letting someone share in the weight they carry and help guide them to what they need to figure it out. I raise my glass (of soda water and lime) to you!!
That's good to hear...I've been thinking about going to a therapist for years. I finally buckled up made an appointment with my GP and waited six weeks for his referral to go through (he must've messed it up somehow how it can possibly take that long is beyond me). Turns out according to the specialist my case isn't "serious enough". I have a doctor's appointment again tomorrow he's going to write a new and more thorough referral but I'm not too hopeful   especially since I've been feeling fine the last week...I could go private but then it would be like your situation like 150$/h which I can't really afford. I have a hard time believing that just one session will "fix" me and most of the time it doesn't really feel THAT bad you know?..Maybe I'll try it out if it gets bad again I could probably afford *one* hour especially now that I've cut out the booze :)
It is amazing how things begin to make sense when a person's history unfolds. I have seen this over and over in my career. Kudos for pushing through your shame fear and financial limitations to see your therapist! You are brave! .Thanks for your post. It made me sad; it made me happy. Hugs!
I just booked an appointment with a new therapist. I had severe panic attacks all last night leading into today. Therapy helped me before 2 years ago when I started and wish I had never stopped...I'm seeing a therapist with a sliding scale. I almost feel guilty that they won't be seeing the full fee from me (likely very little) but I believe they get major tax breaks for helping people like me (I'm a student). 
i started seeing a private therapist once a week and it has been so helpful for me. glad to see you are also doing well! i've been to one that's covered through my employer but it just wasn't great. fit is so important. keep up the good work :)
I have only been to one therapy session and got very little out of it. Still I haven't closed the door on therapy yet. It is expensive I agree and I think need many sessions to yield positive results.  Ah - the camels groan - but the caravan moves on. 
A private therapist was highly recommended to me last year. I arranged an appointment quickly. The session was just under three hours and I must say she was excellent giving me some skills I could use immediately. However I am also in Canada and the therapy that afternoon cost me $800.00. She did put together a report that I have read many times but I am not in a financial position to see her again. Anything through our Social Service system here takes many many months for an initial interview and its the luck of the draw who you end up with.  Accordingly SD has become my latest source of therapy as of 10 days ago. Thank you for the posts I read. You have a wealth of wisdom and inspiration for any situation. AA also helps to some extent.
Interesting indeed. I am not here to talk pros &amp; cons of healthcare systems but I will say I live in the States &amp; I pay a 15 dollar copay weekly to my therapist. Insurance covers the rest which I believe is 120 dollars a session. I asked my therapist if she ever has trouble getting paid by them &amp; she says "no your insurance is really good".  .I'm here to say therapy is the single most important thing for my sanity &amp; sobriety. I'm not against AA at all especially bc it does help some ppl. My issues go way beyond what they offer tho. My therapist has taught me healthy coping skills the skills I never learned as a child to deal with the anxiety &amp; depression that come from childhood Trauma. I still get urges to use but they're like a passing bleep on my radar. Just for a second now &amp; then they're gone nothing like the hours long torment of very early sobriety. I love therapy. It's hard brutal &amp; so rewarding.
I have a session today and am really looking forward to it/not looking forward to it at all.  You know that feeling when you know a LOT is gonna come out and it's going to be super painful...yet super freeing at the end?.Therapy is fantastic and such an amazing tool for recovery.   
I cannot express how much I love having a therapist. During our first year of med school we were required to attend 3 sessions with a counselor. I think the intent was to help us manage stress as well as normalize the experience so we can better recommend it to patients...I still go! I look forward to my weekly sessions. It has been so important in my sobriety and one of the kindest things I could do for myself. I highly recommend it to anyone especially those who are looking to start or maintain sobriety. 
