-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4cdmew/5_months_in_and_i_am_realizing_that_i_dont_just/

I also have a "me" problem.  I wish I could say the being sober was enough but it's becoming clear that there are more changes that need to be made in my life.  I kind of thought things would just click; that I would abstain from drinking and simply be on my way to a happy and fulfilling life.  If anything I am just getting started on this journey and there is nothing wrong with that.  Not drinking has allowed me to acknowledge my other struggles and approach them clearly in ways that weren't possible before.  Maintaining sobriety has been a huge victory for me.  My next victory will be figuring out what to do with it.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Maintaining sobriety has been a huge victory for me. My next victory will be figuring out what to do with it...It sounds like you're making some great progress in your recovery. Enjoy finding out about yourself. I learned quite a bit about myself and what I was capable of accomplishing and it was very empowering. Congrats on the 5 months!.
I am seeing things like this bit by bit just with my short time  being sober however what I'm loving is that without all the alcohol in my system it's easier for me to see things more clearly (good and bad) and make proper decisions based on these things. When drinking I knew I had "me" problems but thought most of it was due to alcohol because I was none the wiser. Now I realise alcohol was masking everything for such a long time I never gave myself a chance to really deal with me or who I was or who I was becoming. Being sober is such a process. We can do this. Good and bad times and all. 
This is hard work on top of sobriety!  Good Luck!
Yesterday a few things happened at one end and i found myself throwing a fit that could rival a teenage girl on her first period. ...When I finally calmed down I came to the realization that I have to be more aware of my own feeling among other things. ..  You'll get there day by day. Let's not drink today!
For me sobriety brought a lot of introspection. What am I feeling? Why am I feeling it? Why does this anger me? ..Being more mindful of where I'm at and what's going on has be very beneficial. It wouldn't have happened while drinking. ..Kudos to you. 
Back in early 2012 I took a "break" from drinking to game some blood/liver results. The numbers went down I reduced drinking cut out the vodka and went only for beer &amp; wine. I was feeling amazingly calm and "less prickly" (reactive). My drinking escalated from there thru 2015 bc I have (had?) no control over alcohol. What is surprising me this go-around is that I have put together nearly 90 days and I am very reactive on a hair trigger. Only thing I can think of is that this time I am making a longer term commitment to my sobriety and maybe I am angry or feeling a sense of loss about it even though most other feelings are healthy (like mental clarity). Have been planning to start meditation (or mindfulness) but feel like I am too wound up to start. Maybe I need to take a bit of my own medicine. I'm reminded of Mary Poppins "Well begun is half done."
I'm starting to get to the same place as you. Seems like you're in a good place. So much easier to work on 'our' stuff without alcohol. I am thinking of maybe doing AA to work some of those steps. A lot of people on here swear by them. Best of luck won't drink with you today! 
You have made a really big and really important discovery. ..A lot of people are constantly cycling in and out of addiction because they think that the simple act of getting clean and sober is enough - It's usually not. We all started down our paths for a reason and it sounds like you need to find yours...Are you able to see a therapist? That helped me a lot in early sobriety.
*slow clap*...Welcome to the mysterious world of living sober! I too was hit hard in the face with my "me" problem. OMG its been a hell of a journey.. ..Now I have to work through my problems. think before I speak. (i totally suck at that). try not to get angry. (I suck even harder at that)..But Im trying and Im slowly starting to like myself a little more everyday..
