-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4clnk4/one_week_i_think_i_finally_understand_what_causes/

I have this feeling right now of utter panic; like I need to quit my job my marriage and run away. Which is ridiculous to type out right here but it's absolutely how I feel...I get this feeling like I've been living in a drunk state of auto-pilot for the last 6 years. The hardest part is on the outside I've been really kicking butt at life: I've got a great career married to a wonderful man living in an awesome city; check check and check.  However when I get sober it makes me really  look at my life and I'm not sure I'm crazy about all of them. It really makes me want the security blanket of alcohol again; hence the relapses. ..Has anyone else gone through this? I'm really looking for help in not over-analyzing my life in the early stages because I'm not sure it's booze-brain or not...<3 Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey. I haven none of those things so can't relate to your personal situation. However I can say that it seems there are significant differences to a booze filled life and a sober life; timing diet health routine social aspects so they must elicit different emotional responses in time? Just babbling. Interesting topic.
Everyone is different but after one week of sobriety I still had a lot of anxiety.  Give yourself more time and let your brain heal.  My mental health improved quite a bit during the first two months little by little.  The panic turned into calm (for the most part)...I still grapple with man's existential dilemma sometimes though (why am I here? what's the point?  Is this it? etc...).  I don't know if that will ever go away.
Your brain is still adjusting to the lack of alcohol so you're hyperexcitable leading to a state of anxiety. It's hard in the beginning to tell which anxious thoughts are genuine and which are just your frantic mind withdrawing from the booze. Give yourself more time try to relax and don't make any major changes or decisions until you've got more sober time under your belt. 
Anxiety is common in the early stages of recovery.  Acute withdrawal usually lasts 3-5 days while post-acute withdrawal (PAWS) can last upwards of two years.  Now don't let that freak you out; it's not like you're going to have anxiety for a solid two years.  As time goes on and as your brain and body heal the symptoms of PAWS will lessen.
Cliche warning: you might be a stranger to You. You and you probably haven't had a sit down in a while and it's understandable that you might like to run from that. Just like what you used alcohol for befor. You're still trying to figure out ways to run specially now that you've excluded your old vehicle alcohol from the picture. Give yourself time to become reacquainted with yourself.
I hear you! You are just seeing again. And feeling feelings. Try to observe them without thinking that you have to do something about them at the moment. Kind of be interested in them but please do not panic. It's normal. You do not have to make any decisions other than the one to not drink today. 
I think it's normal not to feel super jazzed about all that stuff. Your version of jazzed is all messed up. Make sure hubby knows what you are going through and don't feel guilty about not having strong feelings for him just yet. You will get used to the more stable mood and find the beauty in things again.
Not sure if this will resonate with you but I had 2 or 3 weeks of really vicious anxiety after quitting. My mind was racing about my failures my marriage my family my friends. At first I didn't recognize the anxiety as part of withdrawals because I have quit before without any withdrawal symptoms. It took quite a while before I was sleeping normal as well...Take time to get through a few weeks of sobriety. Be generous to yourself and pat yourself on the back. You're doing a great thing by getting sober.
