-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4co9cq/relapsed_a_day_before_day_30how_do_you_find_hope/

I've been posting here a lot in the last week sorry about that. ..I just don't know where to go. I'm going back to meetings and I'm scared to talk scared to raise my hand scared to say anything. I spoke the other day mostly out of surprise partly because I dared myself and I ranted and railed against them and the world. "How can you be okay? How can the world be spinning for everyone else when it's stopped for me and I can't stop searching wanting needing?"..After the relapse I was desperate. I called sick for two days I sat there and ignored the phone calls from collections trying to collect on my phone bill ignored the paperwork I need to do for this DWI I've been convicted of and I cried. ..Oh God how I cried. I cried and I called someone I didn't know particularly well but someone I knew who had been in the Program. "It feels so big" I said. "It feels so big and I can't chip away at it and it's chipping away at me. It's killing me and no one cares no one sees.".."Keep going to meetings. Get a sponsor. Keep going back. Helping you will help them." That's what he said. "Thank you for calling. Thank you for helping me."..Helping? ..I haven't helped anyone. I've ruined every relationship I've ever been in because of my selfishness and singlemindedness. I've performed poorly as a friend and employee because that next drink that next shot was all I wanted all I cared about. ..I am mean and brutal and when I drink my words barb and have power even as I am powerless. ..I don't know where to turn. Where to go. Who to speak to. All I see and feel is fear. I feared the world outside and the influences of the people around me...Now I fear the space within me. I fear the insidious thoughts within my head.  ..How can I maintain hope against this crippling fear? I have a family that embodies the Disease that speaks to my Disease that keeps beer in their fridge and says speaking about my sobriety makes them uncomfortable. I have friends that try to support me but who also invite me out to dinner at bars. ..I want to be brave. I want to do the right thing. I desperately want to do the right thing. They tell you "one foot in front of the other." But I can't see my feet I can't feel my feet. ..I want to be strong I want to no longer be afraid. I want to have hope when I can see and feel none around me. ..I want to let go and Let God. But I cannot let go of my fear. I am afraid. ..I am deathly afraid.
----------immediate responses--------

I would talk honestly to friends and family. Go to meetings if they have helped. ..Not the answer you want but it is inside you to quit. You have to dig and find it. You have quit before dust yourself off and get up again. Do what you are afraid .
First of all I had to find a proper perspective. I have to abstain only *for today.*..I also made a lot of face-to-face accountability relationships with people I loved and other sober people. 
Well you just helped me a lot. I relapsed after 6 months and continuously after 60 or 30 days. I never could express my feelings the way you just did and I thank you. As far as I'm concerned you're spot on ( I hate that phrase).  Fear is what propelled me into constant relapses. I was even afraid of succeeding if you can figure that out. Once I sat down and logically figured out what I was really afraid of and lots of other stuff I was paralyzed. With fear but I didn't know it. And you confirmed this. Your words are beautiful. You helped me and you can help yourself and others. You CAN DO THIS 
I'm sorry to hear that you are going through a rough time.  And I know that can sound patronizing or minimizing but that's not the intention...Relapse and recovery are very scary; we're forced to confront not just our actions (our drinking and the consequences) but our emotions.  Typically we hid from our emotions with the drinking and now here we are facing them head on without the coping mechanism we were so good at using...The important thing right now is to focus on you and your recovery; do what you need to do to not drink.  Key to that is support.  AA is wonderful in providing that support system both in the context of meetings and sponsors.  Even if you don't speak the system is in place to help you through these rough times.  And kudos to you for speaking up.  I know I would not have been able to do that in the first month of my recovery!..I also sense a lot of shame resentment and judgement from you about you.  I had a lot of these feelings when I started my recovery.  I found that one on one counselling really helped along with the group environment.  I didn't see a therapist but deal with an addictions counsellor.  With her I did a lot of work such as CBT to help me sort through these feelings.  Something like that may be useful to you to...And of course we're here too.  SD is a great place to be
