-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4coxi2/does_sobriety_makes_us_drink_averse_naturally/

so a bit of a background..been drinking for 15 years last 5 years heavy whiskey drinker last 2 years on a bottle or more of whiskey per day don't remember most of the last year went to rehab for a month embraced AA . since then my drinking has tapered down a lot. from half a bottle of whiskey or rum or beer to a few drinks.. since the last 3 months I drink for a day or two then don't for a week or so...now what I have noticed is that I don't get even close to high after drinking..instead it has become painful to body..actually with every attempt the urge is to drink and get high but here is what happens each time i try to drink alcohol....beer-- just a can of beer makes my heart beat go up to 180/200 become breathless and i develop red rashes on my body..I have to then tolerate this extreme uneasiness for up to 3 hours before returning to normal..whiskey-- a few drinks make me breathless heavy & painful shoulders sweating with high heart beat for many hours...rum/gin -- a few drinks and I vomit multiple times....and then each time i have to take sleeping pill to get over these irritating body reactions to sleep....so the question is if you ever relapsed did your body accept liquor the way it used to or is it just me or is our body now much less immune to this chemical? at times i get annoyed that i can't get high but then I feel good to have this natural defense on my side :)
----------immediate responses--------

Does sobriety make us drink-averse? Hell no...Is your tolerance down because you drink less? Yes...I would recommend total sobriety but you have to want it. It sounds like you still want to be about that life though.
I've not tried drinking again and don't plan to. But I do know that with time my body wasn't coping as well anymore. I was stuck with the feeling of not being drunk enough until I was too drunk and passed out there was no good point. I would drink myself to sleep but wake up soberish at 3am. I had terrible sweats and body odour. 
I think my body definitely wanted to quit before I did. When I would get sober for a period of time it was always painful to go back to drinking. Instead of the feeling of euphoria it usually felt like I was drinking a headache and my energy levels would drop like a rock. 
Life is not boring when sober.  It is exhilarating rather than numbed.  
Your body trying to tell you something. For me it was spitting up blood couldn't hold down the first drink and other shameful reactions to alcohol. My body rejected alcohol the sad thing I still wanted to drink. crazy? that what it took for me. restored to sanity over the first drink.
