-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4cplv6/strong_excuse_to_relapse/

after 2 years of heavy drinking i lost my job home and almost my family..after 6 months of struggling in recovery and 15 months jobless (and in financial distress) I got a job 3 months back.. after all the 15 months of solitude these 3 months were very difficult in terms of actually seeing people getting back into society focusing working leading a normal routine life... today i was told i have been confirmed in the job :) also got paid monthly salary today favourite sport match coming on TV later today.. so doesn't all this call for enjoying with some (only a few my mind is proposing) beers.....what to do ??? i could let the tiger out of the cage lose my nascent recovery and enjoy the evening or stay steadfast and not let emotions get the better of me....there will be lot of talking in my head on the way home today..it will be like an unstoppable force (lure of alcohol) meets and immovable object (today's determination).....wish for me that may my better sense prevail !!..thanks to this forum for me to be able to let it out..
----------immediate responses--------

I know of someone who had 40 years of sobriety say that he buried two children two wife's and stayed sober. he said some days you got to act as a newcomer the best you can do is not drink and go to a meeting. after hearing him I knew that there was no good reason to drink. 
One drink for me and everything I have is gone.  If St. Peter offered me a shot at the pearly gates I'd have to get comfortable with the idea of burning in Hell.   I will not drink today.  Join me.
This really reminds me of the insanity of my thinking. I suppose losing a job family and home would also be an excuse to drink; or nothing happening at all. My decision-making would be akin to deciding to shoot myself in the foot to celebrate it healing from the last time I shot myself in the foot. Nope my decision-making is mucked up so I focus on what actions are going to lead to the outcomes I want (long-term goals over short-term rewards). 
Stay strong calm your mind just get through the trip home then you can get some stuff done before the game make some snacks and chill. One day at a time. 
I used to drink to celebrate the smallest and largest things of what I perceived were 'achievements'. Turns out this was my Ego leading me back into the cycle. I have said to myself recently; "why would I choose to poison myself to celebrate something going well?" I understand it's a 'social norm' but because I cannot drink without stopping I cannot do it. I must find another way to celebrate. I've used the following; Diary Good Food Texting a friend/family to let them know...congrats usually follow Whacking on some loud awesome music... going to the gym to put the 'icing on the cake' with some improved fitness...It was a massive habit of mine to celebrate every event with a drink; now I must learn how to celebrate in other ways. ..Keep your life on the tracks; not worth derailing it now it's building momentum. Congrats by the way...you've done an awesome job.
My guess is that this is not a good time to reintroduce alcohol...I think you said it best when you said "not let emotions get the better of me".  There's a huge emotional component to our drinking and if we don't deal with it effectively the likelihood of relapse is high.  I've seen this a number of times with clients I have dealt with as well as people in my own recovery group...Best practices for the reintroduction of alcohol in a very controlled manner include at least a three month period of abstinence along with some form of therapy/counselling.  I'm not advising you to reintroduce alcohol into your life that's a decision you have to make for yourself.  But given best practices for success you have a 19 day badge and I'm unsure of what you are doing for yourself to ensure your emotional well being.  That being said I would probably want to see you hold off and find other ways of celebrating your current successes
It sounds like you lost your last job because of your heavy drinking. Then you got sober because you knew you had a problem. Celebrating a new job by giving up on your sobriety *could* mean losing this new job down the line if things go like they did last time...Your life is looking up. Don't reverse course. Stay strong stay sober and keep your life on an upward trend!
Play the tape forward and honestly is my suggestion.
I never needed a strong excuse althought I might've phrased it like that to someone else.  ANY excuse was good enough for me to go get hammed.  Oh look the sun is out...better get a 6 pack and sit in the sun and get hammered.  The booze never really made anything better it was all a sham.
