-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4crf1z/my_most_trusted_friend_gave_me_a_gift_for_my_1/

It's two things: a quartz necklace and leather bracelet fastened by a little metal anchor....I decided today that as long as I'm wearing these I'll never let myself drink. Just another tool to add to the kit....But besides quitting alcohol just over a year ago I had more casually quit weed about half a year ago I think. I might go make a similar post on /r/leaves because I let myself smoke two nights ago after my friend who had given me these gifts told me she's gonna try to make a relationship work with someone (not me). She had told me she wasn't ready for dating in general. I was happy as her close friend but I had told her more than once about my feelings. I had even asked her to tell me if I'm just not her type or if it's not right time. I don't remember her exact words but it seemed to be the latter. We were spending nearly every day of the week together. We'd stay up til 1am watching Netflix and then spend another hour saying goodbye but still talking. We've told each other so much about ourselves our pasts our struggles our families. She told me I know things that she never wants the other guy to know....She wants to keep our friendship going as normal while she figures out the dating side of her life with someone else. I've maintained beautiful deep powerful friendships with former crushes before but this time I'm not sure I can. I don't want to give her an emotional connection while she explores intimate connection with someone else. She tells me she would hurt me if we date. I tell her I'm strong enough. She says it's not that.......i could go on but it's all just words. It comes down to me saying "why not me? Why not try with me?" and her saying "I can't"....I still wear the quartz necklace and the anchor bracelet (she thinks I need someone who's an anchor and I say I'm my own anchor). They remind that I accomplished a year of saying no to my demon. They remind me that someone is proud of that. They remind that wherever our friendship goes from now the friendship we had was absolutely beautiful....I will not drink today. I will not smoke today either (there i said it!). Thank you for reading <3.....I'm 23 btw. Generally when i read other posts about dating the first question is age and then the commenters say politely that OP will grow up and discover more. I'm telling myself that too but not... feeling it ya know?
----------immediate responses--------

Hello /u/seekunrustlement. Bravo for 376 days! Awesome accomplishment...I'm sorry for the heartbreak. Rejection is the pits. ..When one door closes another opens. And now that you're sober you will be ready when it does.
Congrats on the year!  Way to go.  Regarding the girl.  You've been friend zoned.  Look it up.  It's tough to cross back over.  Stay strong.
When I was 19-20 I had a similar relationship with a girl. I still consider her my first love but it was never physical or intimate. ..In the end we had to go our separate ways. Like you say I couldn't be her emotional support while she was with another man. ..It wasn't until I moved on that I met the woman who has been by my side for nearly 23 years.
I mean with the girl thing. It's the hardest thing but if she doesn't want to date you... she just doesn't want to date you. :/ ..I'm a single woman (27) and I definitely know the heartache. It can be really hard to let somebody go and especially when they're not really *directly* saying no... but it really is simple. If she wanted to date you you'd be dating by now. ..Ugh. Life is hard sometimes. ..Congratulations on being sober for a year ! ..(and I LOVE that you wrote 'devalues friendship' thing in response to the friendzone comment. Made my heart go a'flutter. You'll be fine. :) )
...i could go on but it's all just words. It comes down to me saying "why not me? Why not try with me?" and her saying "I can't"..Wow can I relate to this... Sometimes that's just the case and when I was there it did end up working out much better in the long run. It was just incredibly painful at the time (I was also very actively drinking I like to think that relationship was predicated on mutual self hatred) Well that got dark.... But anyway I'm proud of you on your year! And also I'm my own anchor! (I really like that!!!)
Oh man I've been through all of this before. In my experience I've found it best to distance myself from anyone I want to be in an intimate physical relationship who does not care to reciprocate those feelings..Your situation could be different and it may work out eventually but I wouldn't count on it..However I think it's great you recognize the importance and beauty of the friendship you had with this girl not everyone is as lucky enough as you to find such a good friend. Take care and I will not drink with you.
