-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4cshgq/i_feel_like_im_close_to_relapsing/

I quit after consecutive weekends of binge drinking followed by puking and terrible hangovers. This motivated me to quit or at least try to cut back and control my bad drinking habits. ..Now I think I can limit myself. Stick to beers and avoid liquor. Keep it under 3 drinks. Maybe 5 for really special occasions. I feel like many of people have said this before including myself and it didn't work...Not sure if I can actually use responsibly or if I'm just trying to make up some excuse to drink...This is the longest streak I've had since I can remember. Last month I made it 6 days relapsed and found my way back here...Thanks to all those who've supported me thus far. I'm sorry if I let any of you down. 
----------immediate responses--------

You haven't let me down mate. I think I know how you feel- I have to stay vigilant when my addict brain pipes up with some bullshit line about "being able to moderate this time" or "sticking to 4 drinks" or whatever. I see it coming a mile off and I play the tape forward: I know full-fucking-well what will happen if I pick up again: The same horrible miserable cycle which occurs every time I try to "moderate". I have not discovered some magic well of previously un-tapped will power. I won't suddenly lose the desire to drink like a maniac just because I now believe I can "limit myself". Nothing changes if nothing changes. For me in addition to building a clean sober and serene life for myself keeping sober requires a bit of hard work and awareness; not just giving in and surrendering any time my sleaze-bag lizard brain tells me it's okay to go back out there for a fix. It sounds like you know what's going on too.
You're free to try it. I've tried it a million different ways with a million different rules and strategies. I have learned that some things are true - I cannot moderate each relapse is worse with less control and bigger consequences and it gets harder and harder to come back each time I relapse...You have a bit of momentum here. Why not just give sobriety a real chance? You're not letting anyone down if you do decide to attempt moderation. Lots of us have been there before. Hopefully you are able to distinguish the addict voice from what is true. Best of luck to you!!
I tried that about 12 days ago. Ended up on a three day binge. Ridiculous hangover and a reset on my badge. I hear relapse is normal but one relapse is all for me. I can't moderate. 
"When I tried to control it I didn't enjoy myself. When I tried to enjoy it I couldn't control myself." -someone smarter than me. Maybe there are people who can moderate. Maybe I'm one of those people. But why? Empty calories and risk of relapse is all a "1-2 drink night" has in store for me personally. 
I'm always told to "play the tape forward" when I feel like drinking. Think about what happens after that first drink? The second? The next morning and so on. For me its not pretty. 
The downside to alcohol is it's progressive nature. I went from casual non problem drinker to occasional binger to regular binger to everyday sucked down a hole. I did try silly rules - only quality never alone so much time off between consumed over X period. Didn't matter they were my rules to break so I did. In the end I ignored a *lot* of red flags. Then I let the right combo of stressors send me off the deep end. I almost didn't come back except for SD.        ..So try moderating it may work for you but don't be surprised if it doesn't. I would only advise you give a longer dry period before attempting. Try for 30 days and then reevaluate.     
I have spent 15 years trying various methods to moderate my drinking. They would start out fine and I would pat myself on the back. Ha...see...I can do this.  Right. Sometimes it would work for a few months but then the times between binges became shorter and shorter. On top of the increasing number of hangovers would be constant anxiety...which liquor store should I go to? When will nobody be home? Can I appear sober when they do come home? What if clients call should I just let them leave a message? What if my office calls as I usually call back quickly? And my favorite what am I going to do with all the f*#*ing empties. The whole thing was very stressful and all to keep that little voice in my head quiet and always ended with 4 - 6 days of wondering if I was going to live...this time. I know that one day I won't make it out the other side. I have had nightmares of my husband or one of my grown up kids finding me comatose or dead. Am I really that selfish? I truly hope not this time.  I see you have 12 days here just like me. I won't take a drink with you tonight or tomorrow and wish you luck whatever your decision is.
[removed]
I just look at it this way for myself. One drink is too many and one thousand is never enough. 
