-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4d1yg8/7_am_on_a_saturday/

On this bout of sobriety I'm doing things differently that the last time that only lasted 5 days or the time before that only lasted 13 or the time before that only lasted about 20. ..In my past life if I woke up at 7 am on a Saturday it was because I had to run (rather stumble) to the bathroom then crawl back to bed and sleep for another five or more hours. Today I just wanted to wake up. It feels really good. I put the pork in the crock pot so I can have a delicious dinner at dinner time; in the past I would have put it in at about noon and not been able to eat it until midnight when I was already intoxicated again. Where's the pleasure in that? Why bother cooking one of my favorite foods if I can't enjoy it?..I already have the dishwasher going to clean up from dinner and breakfast. Next it's time for a haircut and to hit up the grocery store as they open. Then it's back home to clean and learn some things...Days off are meant to be a time to relax and decompress from the week. When I was drinking when I was thinking that beer was THE WAY to relax I would drink. Then I'd "sleep" all weekend and accomplish nothing on my to-do list. How is that in any way relaxing? Poisoning myself at night medicating myself with more poison shortly after waking up and being heavily intoxicated before the sun even set on Saturday isn't a way to relax. It's freakin' insanity. It's a waste. Drinking from the time I got home on a Friday until about 10 hours before work on Monday allowed no relaxation time. It just added to the stresses of the week because I had to worry about if I would be sober in time for work...The beer (actually closer to six sometimes more) after work every day didn't help me unwind from the day; it again was just adding more stress about what my BAC would be on my drive in to work. Wondering if you could get arrested for a DUI on your way to work is definitely not relaxing...Thanks to everyone who has commented on my couple of posts this week; you all were really beneficial. I read "The Easy Way to Control Drinking" a few days ago and it has helped me see things slightly differently. So here's to a relaxing day without poison. Here's to introspection to find the causes of my drinking and ways to resolve those issues...Relapses didn't weaken my resolve; they made me feel weak. I'm not weak. I am fully committed to killing the demon inside me who wants a drink; I lived fine before I met the little bugger and I'll live even better once he's back home in hell.
----------immediate responses--------

You are not weak. So glad you were able to read to twist that perspective a bit. 
I also used to wake up at 7am on Saturday's... to crack open my first beer of the day. No more!
&gt;Poisoning myself at night medicating myself with more poison shortly after waking up and being heavily intoxicated before the sun even set on Saturday isn't a way to relax. It's freakin' insanity. It's a waste...Allen Carr talks about all the terms we use to describe heavy drinking: getting smashed getting trashed getting wasted. Like he says all of these terms live up to their names. You *are* pummeling your organs; you *are* treating your body and mind like garbage; you *are* wasting your time your energy your life. That's what my heavy drinking was for me. It was no longer fun. I was literally wasting away. .I just have to laugh at all the times I would talk about the night before with friends and family: "Geeze I got *so* wasted last night." Little did I know the term I spoke in jest was the very thing that would lead me down a road to my darkest days. .Glad you are coming to some intense realizations about your drinking. Congratulations on five days! Keep at it.
