-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4d6t1l/my_resolve_has_dropped_to_zero_but_resolve_doesnt/

Text my friends this morning saying i'm no longer going to the pub cause i've quit drinking (To put this in context we go jogging together and the route starts and finishes at a pub so I'm in this for the exercise. I most of the time I manage not to drink and just have squash or coffee but yesterday wasn't one of those days)...The response of one friend was "I've lost count of the number of times you've quit drinking for good". That's a fair comment. In fact it reminded me of a comment made by some former colleagues 3 years ago "Stop saying you are going to quit drinking". Same story nothings changed...Then the other friend text back saying he wanted to sample some ales this afternoon. I immediately text him back and offered to come with him. I have no resolve. (I can contrast this with an acquaintance of ours who on the 1st Jan this year decided he was going to quit drinking for 4 months. He's now over 3 months clean. He just did it no bitching just action)...It turns out the 1st friend was just testing me. He's not going out for drinks today but wants to go to the pub tommorow. I said no thanks and suggested a route finishing at a coffee shop..Within the last half hour the friend has no sent me 2 photos 1 of a pint of beer 1 of a pint of cider...I honestly think if I did quit and was strong in my decision this friend would be supportive but i've 'relapsed' so many times it's just a joke to him...I want sobriety more than I want to drink at this stage. But I haven't been taking the required action to achieve that. It's time for that to change..
----------immediate responses--------

Don't worry about what anyone else says or thinks mate. My mates were dickheads about my sobering up at first and they practically rejoiced every time I fell off the wagon. They would call me from the pub offer me drinks take the piss etc. They are still my mates but I don't go drinking with them any more. I just shut up and let my actions speak for me for the last two hundred odd days and now those same mates come to me on the sly to ask me about their own cutting back on booze. My decision to remain sober has nothing to do with the thoughts or actions of anyone else. 
Those don't sound like friends I would want to keep sober or otherwise. 
Why do you want to stop drinking?
I keep reminding myself that people who are active in their own addiction are not going to celebrate my sobriety. I feel the best thing I can do is just show everyone how I intend to live by my actions.
