-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4d6th1/sober_parenting/

So one of the biggest perks of me getting sober was my wife getting pregnant. And that's all going along wonderfully but I have been starting to think about the future and how to discuss alcohol and drinking with my child when they are old enough to have such conversations...They will never experience me drunk and alcohol will not be a normal part of their home life but they will be surrounded by 21st century western culture. I have no intention of demonizing alcohol or trying to keep them from ever drinking but I also want to be able to explain why daddy doesn't have beer but other daddies have beer...My plan is to pretty much be honest about my experience my history and why I do not drink (age appropriate as necessary of course). But (perhaps even more importantly) once they are at an age where drinking is actually becoming a real thing for them to have to deal with I want to impart to them that if/when they choose to drink I accept that and that if they are ever in a situation where it becomes a problem or they need help they are free to come to me without fear of judgement or punishment. They can talk to me about any struggles they might have with alcohol (or any other addiction). That is something that I didn't have (or thought I didn't have) that would have been great to have...So I was just wondering if any of the sober parents out there had any advice input stories or experiences on dealing with the issue of alcohol with their own kids.
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you are going to be a great dad! This sounds like a very loving and rational way to approach the drinking issue. My parents are both daily drinkers and I grew up thinking that was normal...I actually rarely saw them drunk but only in the past few years has (my mom in particular) opened up about the problems in their marriage and how drinking was part of that (they still drink but not nearly as much as they used to). Best wishes and congrats on 141!
Mate massive congratulations first off!! ..With regards to the drink/kids thing my thinking is the same as yours. My kids are young (5 and 2) and hopefully they won't remember any of Drunken Dad. I too am wondering what will happen when it's time to cross that bridge and they are curious why their old man is not drinking and their mates' dads are or whatever. I plan to be honest with them too and let them know (without dramatics) the dangers of addiction and over doing it. I also wonder if alcoholism will run in the family (both my wife's family and mine have a plentiful supply of alcoholics in them) and they will take to it like I did (like a duck to water) or if the absence of alcohol in the house will effect their perspective on it and it won't be a big deal for them. I would like them to develop a sensible healthy relationship with drinking. My own parents were pretty eccentric and they drank several bottles of wine a night and although they were both loving and professionals and had their shit together totally I think this probably helped to normalise excess drinking in my own subconsciousness. Perhaps the opposite will be also be true? Round our way a lot of  the youngsters go out and get shit faced because they are utterly bored and there's nothing within a 15 mile radius to offer as an alternative. Most of the parents too. All I know for sure is that I am looking forward to remembering every minute of my kids' lives and never ever doing hungover/drunk parenting again. 
Mine were 5 &amp; 8 when I quit and I'm not worried about it. My kids won't think a thing of my not drinking. I never really thought about adults around me drinking or not it was jsut normal for them. This dad drank whiskey in the day. That dad beer on weekends. This mom nothing at all. It wasn't a blip on the radar. I was playing and wanted soda. Also my kids will know the premium I place on healthy habits and eating so will make sense.      .I will have frank talks with them as older teens when drinking at parties and college becomes a norm. 
[deleted]
My boys are 5 and 7.  I've spent more than enough time worrying about sober parenting and discussing alcohol and addiction with my kids.  The good part is that I don't need to have all the answers right now.  What I do need at the moment is to be consistent and to be present in my parenting.  My children need to know that they can depend on me and that they can come to me when they need me.  .There have been many challenges which include a divorce and also with my 7 year old being assessed as having ADHD.   Getting over those two stigmas has been an issue that I've had to deal with.  Both mother and I had to get over our differences and focus on the kids.  Grade 1 brought a lot of challenges but instead of focusing on the problem all parties involved looked for a solution.  Trial and error has been part of the approach and things that work are refined.  Phone calls home used to be fairly frequent but grade 2 has had zero.  Mom and I had a parent teacher interview 2 weeks ago (we always go in as a team having already discussed our concerns and in agreement) and the teacher started by telling us how much she loved our son.   How he comes into school happy and excited and participates.  She had just had her regular meeting with the school psychologist/counselor about his progress and they had both agreed that everything was going great and no adjustments needed to be made.  None of us knew what would work early on.  We had ideas  discussed strategies and communicated.  We do what we think will work and adjust the course as needed.  .Here's one thing I've learned.  Kids don't need all the information at the same time.  It can overload them.  A while ago my 5 year old asked me if his mother and I were married and the got unmarried.  I answered  yes.  I asked him if he had more questions about that and he said no.  He was happy with the answer and it's all he needed at the moment.  Finding out how much is too much and how little is too little takes time but I can always explain more if it's needed.  Alcohol and addiction will be dealt with the same way.  The term "drunk" has come up in question before and it has been explained at a 7 year old level.  They will get the 13 year old answer in time and so on.  Luckily their mother has a very healthy relationship with alcohol so they see that and I will answer their questions as best I can as they come with as much information as they need.  No more no less.  
Good on you! My dad's side of the family are all practicing alcoholics but neither of my parents drank much while i was growing up. My mom always told me "if you're in a situation you dont like call me and I'll come get you. No questions asked." My parents pretty much shielded me from my drunk relatives when they got to be obnoxious drunk. ..I didnt have a drink until i was 20 and then i didn't put down the drink for 4 years straight...What I'm saying is make sure your kids are aware that alcoholism is in the family. Make sure they know how EASY it is to become addicted without realizing it. I wish my parents wouldve talked to me about it instead of hiding it and nornalizing it by casually saying "yep time to go grandma's getting drunk again. Hahaha" I feel like if I would've been exposed to some of the bad things (i.e. her slurring yelling at everyone getting rude and obnoxious not being able to hold a job etc.) I would've taken it more seriously...Congrats on the baby!! (And the sobriety!) I'm sure your kid will appreciate not having to deal with drunk-you.
