-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dceg8/it_is_day_one_again/

Hello ..I am back here again. ..I am back here again because I slipped up many a month ago and had not stopped since. It was like being sucked into a time warp. I feel like I have only just now been spat out. ..A couple of months ago -- I think somewhere in August 2015 -- I had enough. Enough of making myself believe that I could handle alcohol enough to make myself believe that there was a way that I could moderate it. ..I stayed sober for four months. That time was a good time for me. You guys of all people should know what positive things came along with it. For me the most important thing that came along with it was the fact that I felt in charge of my life...So where did it all go wrong?..My girlfriend and I broke up at the time -- temporarily. It was enough to make me relapse. ..Once I opened that Pandora's box everything changed. It was like being on an aeroplane and somebody opening the door in mid-flight. A complete depressurisation of what I had built up thus far. ..At the same time it was like being a kid in a sweet shop. I went to many a party and had great fun but everything else went to waste. I tried being productive working towards certain goals; but sometimes the weekend started with me drinking and the next memory I would have would be Sunday night still drinking. I gained weight again and almost completely neglected my fitness. I woke up hungover most days. To get an idea of my drinking I used a habit-tracking app; looking at it now the last day I did NOT drink was 18 March. And that was because I was ill. ..It ended up putting a lot of strain on me financially and my mental health worsened. I have a sensitive stomach and started having bowel problems a lot. My diet got worse because I could not be bothered to cook. ..I am sick of it. I have proven to myself a couple of months ago that I can do it and I have been doing some cognitive behavioural therapy to try and combat some of the anxiety that makes me drink in the first place. ..So today is day one. Again. ..I am reclaiming my life.
----------immediate responses--------

Reset the badge my friend.  Your success at not ever drinking again gets better with each attempt.  This is your best chance.  Welcome back.
and we are not drinking today together!..
You can only climb a mountain one step at a time sometime we all hit a mudslide and have to start again. Getting to that peak is the most worthwhile thing you can do with your life though the things you can accomplish sober are infinitely better than the depths of hell alcohol can take you too.
Alcohol for me is the Ouroboros. The snake eating it's own tail. It's a never ending cycle of my own destruction. I will not drink today. Good luck!
Glad you came back. Thank you for sharing your story with us - every story I hear of relapse helps me to hang in there and keep doing what I'm doing. You've probably helped many people with your post here today. I'll not drink with you tonight! ..(or tomorrow depending on your time zone)
