-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4dn6kc/more_than_a_week_off_both_alcohol_and_nicotine/

I quit both cigarettes/nicotine and alcohol on the hangover day March 29th.  Haven't touched either since. I have tried quitting one or the other by themselves in the past but have always gone back to regular consumption of both. I don't know that I have had more than a week of 100% clean from nicotine and alcohol in more than a decade...It feels great! I spent a lot of time reading people's posts journaling my own feelings and struggles posting on SMART forums and going to their online meetings and generally being very focused. ..Personally I think quitting both has been key for me. For one since the first day I had a hangover I didn't really want to smoke so I decided then and there I'm just not going to.  By the second and third days I just figured that I was already started and that somehow breathing seemed better than smoking. But the added benefit was that if I drank even one I would probably go right back to smoking so I had extra motivation to stay away from alcohol...Anyway I feel better but I have a long way to grow.
----------immediate responses--------

Good insight into yourself. 
What is SMART?  Anyone have a link?  Thanks and good luck!
Drinking and smoking went hand in hand with me too. When I gave up one it just made sense to give up the other. 
Incredible! I did not even try to do both at once. I now very much think of them as linked. Like if I want a cigarette I think well that would also be the first step back to drinking a shot wouldn't it? I don't even care if that's true! It really works for me to think of it that way. 
Yeah that is awesome quitting both at the same time. When I quit nicotine I didn't have an alcohol problem. When I quit alcohol I didn't have a nicotine problem. I guess I got lucky with the timing. I tell you one thing I am glad I don't use either now. It was really worth the hardship of quitting.
Congratulations! Fellow former smoker here and I had some similar realizations:..Believe it or not being hungover all the time actually helped me wean off of cigarettes. My alcoholism leaves me with debilitating hangovers and I quickly found out that when I smoked a cigarette when hungover it would amplify all of the hangover symptoms and make them so so much worse. And I was hungover ALL the time; smoking wasn't an option in this state since my suffering already felt unbearable. Another thing that helped was taking the money I would have used to fix my junker station wagon and put it toward a down payment on a new car. As soon as I was driving something that was no longer falling apart I wanted to take better care of it! So one of my favorite places and times to smoke (in my car to and from work) quickly became off limits...Another similarity between my quit story and yours was the realization that when I wasn't drinking alcohol (during previous 2 or 3 week stints at quitting drinking) I realized I didn't crave cigarettes nearly as much. What's weird is that I somehow placed my drinking on a pedestal and justified continuing drinking even after I quit smoking. THAT was difficult. I think it would have been easier if I handled it like you did and quit both in one fell swoop. Alcohol just kept coming back with a vengeance--thank God smoking didn't come back to haunt me too!..I'm so glad that I am now living without two of the most addictive things on earth. Same goes for you--keep going strong!
When I quit smoking 10 or so years ago I had to quit drinking for 3 months as well. When I started drinking again I picked up with my boozing right where I left off.
Congratulations! I decided to take it one thing at a time. I'm still smoking but considerably less than I did when I was drinking. It used to be beer-cigarette beer-cigarette all evening. Now it's no beer a few cigarettes through the day. One thing at a time for me! Glad you're doing well!!
