-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4e03w1/3_years_it_can_be_done_heres_how_i_did_it/

Well I can't tell you the entirety of my story I'd break Reddit. But what I can share is my perspective...today...at my 3 year point. Bear with me this might get a little wordy okay?  ..3 years ago I was a mess. To call my life a train wreck would be to do a disservice to wrecked trains. I hit bottom hard and was a miserable suicidal mess. I did however manage to get a SHITLOAD of help from the people here at r/stopdrinking and I made it into the rooms of AA.  ..So this is the my perspective on recovery.  ..Imagine yourself sitting on your deck looking at a backyard that's had little in the way of attention for far too long. The grass is long there's shoulder-high weeds everywhere. Against the fence leans a bike that hasn't been ridden in years tires flat and rusting frame rusting away. Spotted amongst the grass are various items of trash...pieces of lumber a weathered baseball glove. Tin cans. Some junk you can see some you can't. You get the picture.  ..Every once in a while you look over this pathetic excuse of a landscape and you know that something has to be done. But the job seems too big too daunting. So not today. Someday.  ..One day someday comes. It could be anything that prompts the decision to clear away the mess and plant a garden but the decision is made and the gloves come out. And the work begins.  ..But again the job is a big one so you pick up the phone and get some help. Maybe friends maybe professionals but weed by weed and junk by junk that yard gets cleared. Right down to the bare bones...a clean canvas.  ..It's the spring and now it's time to plant a garden. You really want a garden a beautiful garden just like you have seen in other people's yards. Lots of flowers some carrots some tomatoes. Lettuce. Beans. You want to be able to enjoy the rewards of the garden to be able to eat and to offer food to others.  ..But you don't know jack shit about gardening.  ..So again you go looking for help. You find neighbours and friends with lovely gardens and ask them for advice. Some even work with you side by side as you till the soil and plant the seeds. They help you but you are doing almost all of the work.  ..Now comes June. The flowers are sprouting and the vegetables are taking hold. You have what you always wanted a garden. The wreckage and trash is gone and now there is some colour and some promise of harvest in the future. You've got what you wanted.  ..But you become complacent and stop putting the effort into the garden. You don't water it regularly or even go out to look at it and see how it's doing. You start to take your garden for granted. After all you've done all the hard work already and you deserve a break after all that effort don't you?  ..What do you think your garden will look like in August?  ..THAT's my perspective on recovery. If I want a garden that will nourish me if I want a garden that I can relax in if I want a garden that will attract other gardeners and if I want to be in a position to help someone else who wants to learn to garden then I need to continue to do the work. I have to pull the weeds and water the plants and protect myself against pests that will destroy what I have built.  ..I have to do the same with my recovery. If I slack off and become complacent then my recovery deteriorates and slowly becomes overgrown with the same weeds...destructive patterns of behaviour...that I worked very hard to eliminate. I have to be vigilant and if I notice a weed I eliminate it. If I can't uproot it I ask for advice and help.  ..I need to get out into that garden several times a week and work on it to keep it healthy.  ..That's how I racked up 3 years. By working at it. By getting a little better every day going to meetings posting on SD and/or Dinos reading about addiction talking to others listening to podcasts watching youtube vids about my condition. Doing something. DOING.  ..Sure I have made mistakes along the way. Had me a dandy little relapse in early 2013. Backed off my program in 2014 and became a cranky asshole of a dry drunk for a few months. I still arm-wrestle with my ego and I have gotten used to the cute popping sound my head makes when I pry it out of my ass.  ..But you know what? I'm happier. A lot happier. And what makes me happiest is when I can help another alcoholic deal with their condition and get a little better. Even if they don't succeed I end up staying sober so I have a 100% success rate.  ..So that's the big secret folks. Just keep working at it. Put in the effort get a little better each day. Sometimes it's leaps and bounds sometimes it's a fraction of an inch. Sometimes you won't feel like it's working but it will be. Just don't quit stay in the game and grunt your way through the rough spots with help from the people here at SD and whatever real-life support network you can build.  ..Work at it and don't quit. Some big secret huh?  ..3 years might seem like an eternity to you folks that early in the process. This is the time that we are most vulnerable when it's easier to throw away a handful of days than hundreds of them. I beg of you bear with it lean into it and I promise that 3 years will come your way a lot faster than you might think.  ..And when it does and you look back at the person you have become I promise you one thing...  ..You'll be SO glad you took up gardening.
----------immediate responses--------

Great post. You make some great points about complacency. I post regularly about not getting complacent and keeping my head in the game. Thank you for re enforcing my thoughts and giving me the feeling that I am moving in the correct direction when it comes to slaying this demon. 
I love this analogy! I think I'm entering a stage of complacency and this was exactly what I needed to hear today. I was already making excuses for why I can't make my Saturday morning meeting but now I am committed to going. Thank you kind internet stranger :)
I dig the gardening analogy! I put effort into making my life work for me that's its own reward :) ..Congrats on 3 years!
Fantastic post which has come along at the right time for me. Over the last few days a few romantic notions about drinking have crossed my mind. I'm aware of them and determined not to succumb to them...I love the analogy with gardening because it's something that can be pictured. Not only that it's an analogy that I can use in other settings too...It's a great way of being able to visualise complacency. Thank you.
Honestly. I never thought I would make it this far. What I have discovered is very similar. At first I could think of nothing but having a drink then I started taking actions; read SD daily started going to meetings cleaning house doing dishes making beds listening to recovery podcasts speaker talks reading the 12 step work amends meditation helping others etc. When I obsessed about sobriety (I think a little too much) I worked on balance and cut back on a few things... I get crazy and add stuff back in. It does take work to not only not drink but to cope with life in a reasonable manner. Learning how to do both at the same time has been like herding cats while juggling kittens. I am gonna get scratched eventually but it really is worth it today. Thanks a lot for this post. Perfect bed time story for a dopeless hope fiend.
Great post. I have planted the garden many times but sadly let the weeds and neglect win in the end and therefore never enjoyed the fruits of my earlier labour. Not this time though. One day at a time I'm tackling the weeds!
Thanks for this. Hope blossoms
Saving this post. I really was able to connect to the garden analogy. I'm early in my sobriety but I do worry about becoming complacent in the future. My wife and family have been super supportive and have told me how much better I am now. They have actually said "I'm glad you're all better now" like I had some virus that worked its way out of my system. I'm not all better now. I have to work at staying sober every single day. I make decisions to do (and not do) things to stay sober every hour. It's a lot of work and I don't think they realize that. 
Well written and thought provoking - thank you. It is particularly timely as I am mustering the will to take care of my real flower beds. I've always disliked yard work. However with your words and the newness of my sobriety I just might have a beautiful yard to go with my ever brightening beautiful life in no time.
Great read. Good on you! If you have time I'm curious what's different for you year 3 vs year 1?
Congratulations my friend on a great 3-year milestone!  
By working at it. By getting a little better every day going to meetings posting on SD and/or Dinos reading about addiction talking to others listening to podcasts watching youtube vids about my condition. Doing something. DOING...So I am new to sobriety.. How do i know if i am doing enough?. I am reading going to meetings posting here loving the podcast Recovery Elevator... I am anxious to start working the steps but my sponsor said to slow down.. My "not drinking" and going to meetings is start enough (for step one for now.) She said to be patient .. .I love your post and I am a gardener so this right on time for me..Thank you...
Your analogy is perfect and actually what I've been working on the past week.  In the past I have always hated and did everything possible to avoid yard work.  Last Saturday I started pulling the dandelions from the walkway leading to my front door.  Everyday since I've spent 2-3 hours pulling away the invasive vines &amp; ivy from the almost dead plants that I want to save.  I keep saying 'Don't get overwhelmed by the mess - there's beauty still left in this yard --baby steps one day at a time'.  Sober on my friend I will not drink alcohol today -- but I will be purchasing about 20 bags of mulch!
Nice metaphor :) uplifting and lovely to read. Thanks for writing this.
Great post! Thanks for the shares
Wonderful metaphor and one that's so fitting in every aspect of life but especially in what we are doing here. Staying clean requires hard work. You are three YEARS into the process I am three DAYS into the process. I'm still picking up the trash in that yard. I pray and pray to be strong and not give in. I look at my bank account and it feels good to see the thirty forty extra dollars I wouldn't have. My mom checks in on me and asks if I've had a drink today and I even appreciate *that*. ..These little things keep me going through these early days. Stories like yours will keep me going through the later ones. 
Very well put. ..I'm 1 day behind you mate.  
That's a beautiful post what a great way to think about it - this is one that will stick with me.
This is an Awesome Analogy!! Thank you of sharing. I pictured my own garden while I was reading. Work at it and Don't quit words to keep in mind.
Going to save this post in my favorites for inspiration and motivation when I need it. My brain has this natural tendency to go "oh we're not hungover today let's go have a drink! Not a lot just a few." 6-to-8 beers later...
Your post is incredibly inspiring well-written and so wonderful.  Thank you.
I've loved seeing your posts here from when I started through the past 2 years.  Thank you for sharing!
3 years is a great accomplishment. Congratulations and thanks for the gardening metaphor. I'm already glad I took it up. Sober on.
Man this is just absolutely beautiful. You have reminded me of my garden that needs a bit of weeding. I think I can see some pesky crabgrass I didn't ask for and the fast food wrapper in the corner. There is just so much other stuff that happens in day-to-day life that you end up sacrificing the upkeep of sobriety. Here I am focused on my return to the US being a full time Auntie again and my daughter turning 11 that I forget what enabled me to be back in my daughter's life in the first place. Getting off the drugs and alcohol...Thanks for this. I think when I'm able to get back to my country and have the resources more readily available (currently in rural Australia) I'll take the sobriety bull by its horns again and focus on myself on my recovery. ..*(I think this comment is a garbled mess so my apologies!)*
Thank you thank you for this. I am plodding along in my garden making sure the weeds don't win 
Love it love gardening and sobriety and you.
