-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4e7x89/i_know_i_need_to_change_my_badge_but_im_confused/

So to preface this: I haven't had more than one drink in an evening since mid-July and have only had the occasional drink sporadically since then...In mid July I was prescribed naltrexone to assist with alcohol dependence. I basically told my doctor "It's this or rehab." I was definitely at that point. After researching alcoholism to try to figure out how I could change my approach to sobriety and what was making it so hard to stay sober I found out about kindling (tl;dr: when you go between sobriety and relapse constantly your brain develops a stronger addiction response and makes it harder to stay sober) and also about different drugs that help with staying sober. I decided to try naltrexone first since it was an opioid blocker and the opioid system in the brain is what is responsible for addiction. ..Since you can drink on naltrexone and it's actually statistically more effective to try drinking with naltrexone if you're attempting to be abstinent from alcohol I decided to try that a few times since July. The weird thing about drinking on naltrexone vs drinking before was the lack of a pleasurable response to drinking. I didn't feel the rush that I was used to feeling after a drink. The first time I had a drink while on naltrexone was Halloween it was a gin and tonic and I mostly just kept thinking "This is disgusting. Why did I used to like these so much? Alcohol is pretty gross actually." I basically only finished the drink because I had already paid for it and had no desire for another one. The next day I was violently ill. I attributed it to food poisoning from the restaurant I had eaten at but the next few times I drank while on naltrexone induced extreme nausea and eventually vomiting. It's a relatively rare and fairly extreme side effect to naltrexone but that combined with my risk/reward system basically being reset by naltrexone led to me being unable to even smell alcohol without feeling nauseated. My last drink was on New Years Eve and I only got through half of it before the alcohol and naltrexone combination led to me spending the rest of the evening with my head over a toilet and eventually having to leave before midnight. After that I was pretty much done with drinking entirely. My attempts to try moderation with naltrexone failed and I have no desire to drink without naltrexone. Even the smell of alcohol makes me queasy nowadays. My alcoholic mind still rears its ugly head occasionally but it's pretty mild and most of the time I can just go "okay seriously do you want to spend the rest of the night vomiting because you could be doing that OR you could be doing something fun and productive like woodworking or sewing". ..My question is: what exactly is the rubric for deciding when to change the badge? I mean I have technically had alcohol since July but it hasn't been without the assistance of a drug specifically used for alcohol dependence and I think the most I had in any of those instances (which I could count on one hand) was two drinks. The last time I drank alcoholically and without naltrexone was July 16th 2016. Is this a judgment call on my part or is this a situation where any alcohol is considered a relapse? 
----------immediate responses--------

When I attempt to rationalize anything but 100% sobriety I know I'm in trouble. My badge counts consecutive days of complete abstinence but your badge is your badge.
The badge is entirely up to you! I would use whatever date makes most sense to you :)
Your badge is up to you...but NYE would make a good start date and I think those folks are past 100 days now? But mostly commenting here to thank you for sharing your experience with Naltrexone! It seems like there's not very much information here (or in general) on medications for alcoholism. I think it's an  interesting area with a lot of promise. Sounds like basically the Sinclair Method worked really well for you maybe made you even more averse. 
My badge counts consecutive days of 100% abstinence from substances I formerly abused alcohol and other drugs included.  ..That said it is completely up to you.  I would say the majority of people here use their badges from abstinence from alcohol and reset their badges when they drink again..whether they consider it a "slip" or an "attempt at moderation" or whatever.  ..It is your call.  For me sobriety is being free of alcohol and drugs not-prescribed and monitored by my doctor.  
For me any alcohol would be a relapse. There are no hard and fast rules about the badge. Mine indicates how many days since I last consumed alcohol. You'll have to use your own judgment for yours. 
My badge counts the number of days since I last got drunk.  I do continue to drink in moderation which I have spoken to at length but never to the point of intoxication.  That's what my badge is
My badge too is total abstinence but I know there are others on this sub who count from when they think they truly committed to doing it differently.  What does your heart say?
It is your badge. For me if I have even a sip of alcohol I reset it. I went almost a year and then made the mistake of drinking a pint over a weekend so I reset it. Choose the date that resonates with you.
