-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ed2dn/holy_guacamole_serial_relapser_bags_herself_366/

This has been a long time coming. I've relapsed again and again and again...What did I do? I had a taste of sobriety getting 6 months in 2013 (only through shock and embarrassment though). I relapsed hard that Christmas and eventually joined SD in October 2014. ..It changed everything. I read and read so many posts and got involved but this was my only source of support. I relapsed a few more times after a few months sober I thought I could moderate (big mistake) and felt the shame of coming back on here tail between my legs but no one made me feel bad for it no judgement was passed on me I was given advice and support. ..Last Easter I relapsed yet again and I remembered some advice that I had read time and time again on this sub "what are you going to do differently this time?"  I realised I couldn't do it alone...I tried an AA meeting. I had nothing to lose. It was great meeting people in real life who were just like mefinally I wasn't alone. I learned how to listen really listen. I still go but to be honest it's very rarely but that's what works for me right now. ..I also found after many attempts a good therapist who has helped me with a lot of personal issues...So with more lines of support I carried on checking in here every day. The check-in I love it!! It's what grounds me. I make a decision to stay sober just for 24hrs and it works for me it's a goal I can actually achieve. Rinse and repeat!!..My life certainly isn't perfect now I'm sober in fact life likes to kick my butt on many occasions I'm a single working parent with 3 kids and I get lonely some days just crying my eyes out but I know it's OK to feel sad sometimes because those feelings pass they are fleeting. I am actually happier now and more emotionally stable and available for my kids I'm more present for them. I'm more reliable than I've ever been. Life is so much better for me sober. It's up to me how interesting my life is I am the one in control now and I haven't been able to say that in a very long time!! ..I love this community and have everyone on SD to thank for my sobriety today...Sober on 
----------immediate responses--------

Fellow single parent here to say BOOOOOMMMMAAAHHHHHH!!!..I will not have a drink with you today to celebrate!
Congratulations!! Bad days happen feeling lonely is better than not feeling at all. You're an inspiration to all.
Way to go! We have another Dino!
Congrats! It's amazing how much better life is without the sauce isn't it? Even the bad stuff is easier to deal with. Not always easy but easier anyway. Keep it up! See you in the Dino club real soon :) 
Serial relapser here too look at us now \o/
Congrats!
Ground to Tower. I have a Dino inbound. Requesting clearance for runway S-O-B-E-R.  Prep the golden chalice. Over. 
Congratulations to you!!
Congrats on your first year!!! 
I am so happy to read this post today my friend!  Congratulations on all your hard work and all the sweet benefits you're reaping as a result.  You've been an important person to me here on SD.  I'm doing a happy dance for you right now!..And way to go sober mama!!  Modeling healthy reliable behavior is a huge gift to your children.  :)..I love your courage.  Keep rockin' it!..&lt;3..
Congrats!  Happy Sober Birthday.  That is something to be proud of.
Strong work right here. Congratulations!
I was a serial relapse queen myself. So wonderful that you posted! Sadness frustration are transitory- being a drunk is a 24/7 nightmare. Congrats Mom!!! Enjoy those kids!!!
Congrats this is a big deal...Oh and welcome to dinosaurs in recovery...
Pass the chips...I'll have some of what she's having please. Congratulations. Nice work.
You're an inspiration friend. Thank you for sharing your experiences. I'm trying to get myself to a meeting but I feel unable to and a little guilty for relapsing so much. It's comforting to hear from someone who struggles with relapse but keeps going. Thanks again.
Congrats!..&gt; I relapsed a few more times after a few months sober I thought I could moderate (big mistake) and felt the shame of coming back on here tail between my legs but no one made me feel bad for it no judgement was passed on me I was given advice and support...God this brought back both painful (shame) and awesome (support) memories...Glad you found something that's worked for you.  ..All the best.
Stoked for you! Keep at it!
Inspiring read on a day when i feel like im just going to keep relapsing thanks!
I've now had 3 one day relapses since my recovery efforts began on March 18. SD and my therapist are my plan. I need to really focus on that play the tape forward when I think I need to drink. My alcoholic brain keeps tricking me into thinking that I need the wine and blocks out the memory of how I will actually feel in the morning let alone how demoralizing it will feel to have to reset my badge.  I didn't drink today and will not drink tomorrow. 
Single with 3 kids!  Holy schmooly!  You're doing awesome.   congrats!
Thank you and congratulations! I just had my first badge reset since getting on this path mad your post is for sure inspiring. 
You are awesome!  My hat is off to you. I cant even imagine this journey when you have to take care of little people as well as yourself let alone solo! Congratulations new Dino!
Congratulations! What an awesome post--your experience is an inspiration. Thank you :)
Awesome job! Thanks for all the enthusiasm and positivity you bring to this sub. I can't wait to eventually be where you are now (in less than 8 months!).
Congratulations SLB! That's awesome! 
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing your story. It's so inspiring especially to another serial relapser who is sometimes scared she'll never be able to stick with it like me. 
Just wanna say congrats. :D 
As serial relapser you are giving me hope! 
Oh man thanks for this. Been at this for 13 years usually relapsing after 2-3 months. It got better when I got to AA 3 years ago but im still scared shitless that I'll die. 
Yew! Congrats! Thanks for being here :)
Congrats!
Yeah! Congrats!!!
Just came here to say you're super legit and inspiring. Sober on!
That's awesome! Thanks for sharing how you did it!
Congratulations! You rock so so hard!
Good story. Keep it up Mum!
Legendary! Well done!
Awesome good for you! This makes me happy to hear.
Congrats soberlifebeckons pure awesomeness! As a serial relapser myself this felt good to read.
Good for you I'm jealous though. I havnt been able to get past 30 days since relapsing after IOP and six months sobriety. But I'm approaching 30 days now and I'm going to blow right threw it and not look back. You've heard this a thousand times but " there noting going on in your life that drinking will make better ". Or something like that. Keep your head up and facing forward. 
Well done!
Congrats! You have worked so hard for this enjoy that. I'm so happy for you.
Oh man.  This post made my Morning. ...Well done and see you in the Dino's lounge.  
Congratulations!
#Oh YEEEEAAAAHH!!!!!
What an inspiration you are! I bet your kids are loving having a Mom who is more involved more present more caring and more reliable every day. Well done. I'm joining you in not drinking today. Best wishes.
