-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4eg3t3/day_one_again_sigh/

I got 90 days.  Something about the 90 day mark.  I've gotten around 90 several times but always seem to forget just how badly I need to stay sober around then.  Last night after I ran out of beer and began walking to the bar I thought to myself "I'm going to forget this.  This exactly why I need to stop forever and I'm going to forget it."  ..I can get day one and I can keep it going a while but I always get back to the same doubts.  Am I really an alcoholic?  Am I just self medicating all my anxiety?  My anxiety is under control so I probably won't drink as much.  I hate how isolated I feel when sober.  I miss the hanging out with people at the bars.  I'll just make a rule this time.  Never drink alone never...etc. etc. etc.  It always starts well be eventually I find myself drinking alone depressed drunk walking to the bar because the previous 7 beers just weren't enough.  .."What are you going to do differently this time?"  The question always comes up when someone relapses around here and it's a good one.  But I honestly don't know.  I really gave it my all last time.  At least for a while.....more meetings more therapy tell my new girlfriend I guess.  I don't know.  Frustrated.  Thanks for listening.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Hi I have reset 3 times! The folks whom I started with have 100 days :) But I am determined to make this one stick...I even made an hourly chart some nights I have to make it one hour at a time...Good that you are still here.
I handle 90 days sober by doing the 91st day sober.  Likewise I do the 91st day sober by doing the 92nd day sober.  I never blame anyone or anything for my drinking.  I never empower anyone or anything including the calendar of the sum of days sober for my relapse.  I do TODAY sober and I plan to make the same resolution tomorrow.
Thanks for the reminder. I will not drink with you today.
The question that finally made me quit was "Do I have control over my drinking."  I didn't. When I'd start I'd not be able to quit until I was blackout drunk. I would spend most of the day sober but thinking about sneaking some cheap whiskey past my wife. Or buying a case of cheap beer and telling her I'm only going to drink a couple and then down half the case. ..The booze controlled me. Realizing that and realizing I was an alcoholic helped me to quit.  ..I wish you the best but also hope you seek out some help this time. AA therapist or whatever. Most of us need some help. 
You are still battling.  That is better than the alternative IMO.  
Everyday is day 1.
Good for you for trying over again.  That's what I did and things got better slowly over time.  A lapse doesn't reset everything.  Another thing that helped me is learning that I don't have to engage with my thoughts and doubts.  You can acknowledge them kindly like "Oh hey look at all these doubts popping up in my mind that's interesting" and then not focus on them.  For me doing that is more helpful than trying to rationalize them away with other thoughts...Maybe your 'different thing' this time could be finding new activities and new friends?  I know that's not a miracle cure but you said you feel isolated when sober so maybe it will help...Thanks for sharing and sorry that you're frustrated.  :(.
there are several things that i've done differently this time. I've had to reset by myself several times.  One of the biggest differences that I've done this time is being honest with a few of my closest friends.  Some of them know that i've struggled with alcohol and all the negative impacts it has had in my life. When I fee like drinking I reach out to them.  It's hard since they're back home and they can't come over and I can't go out and do something with them but it has helped. Also I've been picking up a book to read. I usually get caught in the story and next thing i know time has passed and i forget that i wanted to drink. That may not work for you but maybe there's something you haven't tried that would help this time. 
I'm just about halfway to 90 days and I worry I'll do the same...I try to keep this quote in mind:.."I'd better quit rationalizing myself into any detours"
I reset yesterday after tapering down on Sunday. Took 30 days off at the beginning of the year which was my goal.  This time I am not setting a goal just taking it day by day. I think the suggestion below to tell a few close others about what you are doing (you don't need to say you are an "alcoholic" if you're not sure) is a good one but it is very hard for me to admit that I need help. Nonetheless that is my advice whether via AA some other group or your own support network. Good luck and keep posting. This tool helps.
&gt; My anxiety is under control so I probably won't drink as much..For me alcohol has significantly exacerbated my anxiety; of course not when i'm not myself when drunk; but the non-drinking days my anxiety was out of control. ..&gt; I hate how isolated I feel when sober...It seems patience is a virtue... it will take you/I a long time to switch from a social life based around alcohol to one based around sobriety. But we know for a fact it can and will happen; and relationships self confidence in ourselves can be better than ever when we are fully present and our personalities are not distorted by a drug. 
For me there was 4 specific triggers. The work Christmas party the work Summer party the work yearly user conference and finally for whatever reason not being invited for drinks by friends...I've marked these in my calendar and made plans to avoid all these dates this year and with not drinking now my brain has changed to not giving a shit if people go drinking without me. And I'm all the better for it...Dust yourself off and get back on the wagon. You got 90 days and nobody can take it off you...All the best! :)
