-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4emc7e/90_frickin_days/

Honestly it seems like it should be longer than "just" 90 days. I can barely remember now what it was like to be so heavily dependent on alcohol and lots of it every single day. Knowing that I was about to roll over to this big milestone though I had a drinking dream last night. In the dream I knew I was doing the wrong thing by drinking and I felt shame. I thought about how I'd have to reset my badge. And I drank anyway. I've rarely been so relieved to wake up and realize it didn't happen!..Every day I am grateful to be free of the clutches of alcohol. My life is a million times better in every way. I've lost 20 lbs I'm training for a half marathon my high blood pressure dropped to normal I no longer have rosacea or acid reflux I've saved (along with my husband) $2275 my kids are much less stressed out I enjoy doing all kinds of things I used to miss because I was drunk on my couch every night my memory is no longer shot I sleep like a baby I no longer sweat uncontrollably.....I could go on and on. It is TRULY a miracle...I know that I need to remain vigilant and I will continue to work on my recovery with my therapist here with you all and with my other support systems. I will continue to add to my toolbox for staying sober. But if you're on the fence or struggling in your early days know that I was once there full of shame and not even able to fathom cutting back let alone quitting. And now I'm here and you can be too. You might  need the help of a doctor and/or medications as I did but you can be here too. ..Thank you to everyone here. I would never have accomplished this incredible feat without this group. 
----------immediate responses--------

Fantastic milestone! I will not drink with you today to celebrate. *high five*
I AM SO HAPPY FOR YOU!!!
Congrats! I agree that everything in life is better sober.  Amazes me that I wasted so many evenings drinking. 
Fantastic!
Thanks for sharing. This is a hugely inspirational post for me!
Well done. You have ticked most of the near-term achievements I aspire to. I want to end the sweating the wakefulness at night lose weight get rid of the three medicines that I take for blood pressure etc etc. I hope to be where you are in 75 days but meantime I am not drinking today. 
Congrats!   You are quite right SD is fab.
Congrats...its great to read how well you have done...hope to get there one day too.
