-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4emniw/just_sharing_because_i_need_to/

My family has struggled with Alcoholism.  My parents got divorced and alcohol was a big factor in it.  My father always says "Quitting drinking was the best thing I ever did."  hes been sober nearly 20 years.  He just quit 1 day and never looked back.  Im a fuckin mess.  on the outside looking in i have a wife a good job money to play with nice car good shape etc etc... ive filled the mold of white man in the middle class pretty well but my drinking is getting out of hand... im not drinking because im unhappy or depressed i just drink because im bored? because im addicted? I do like... love drinking and i don't mind the occasional hangover.  This morning i woke up to pissed wet bed sheets for the 4th time in 2 weeks.  Finished off a handle of vodka last night that i started on Sunday.  ive been at a 2 handles of vodka/rum/gin hell anything per week for nearly 7 years.  My wife is supportive of me like a saint she knows i have an issue.  i haven't committed to quitting drinking i came here today to start building the motivation to quit and i cry as i type this because i know the Me in the Morning is a different person than Me in the Evening... and Me in the Evening is a drunk and come sun-down im going to be walking back into the kitchen to fuck it all up again.  I know why i drink but not well enough to know how to quit. i came here to share.  thank you for reading
----------immediate responses--------

My spouse hung on in there with me goodness knows how they just had a certain faith that I was going to wake up and change one day. For years that faith was misguided I loved drinking it was central to my life I had zero intention to stop I protected my habit and put it first regardless of cost...Finding this sub and lurking on this sub started the ball rolling in my mind. One day I became fearful for the damage and risk that my harmful drinking was causing my health and the costs across all aspects of my life. ..I echo your father: quitting drinking is the best thing I've ever done. It was hard to quit evening me just had to get used to drinking sparkling water it took me time to adjust but things got easier and better with time. ..I feel like when I was drinking everything was a messy blur; now I'm fully present in my life. No more accidents no more blackouts no more regrets no more hangovers. Sober me prioritizes the things and people that matter to me and that feels great.
How about going to the movie theatre tonight to get out of the house and interrupt your routine? Doesn't mean you can't have a drink tomorrow not at all. It's just something different for today. Tomorrow morning come back here and see how you feel. 
As has been mentioned break up your routine. Look up where a meeting is just to have it in your head. Think about what there is to lose or gain by making a choice. I feel the pain in your writing - you're obviously thinking about it which is healthy. In my experience I needed the most help to get me past the initial pain and confusion. I would recommend that to you. There is another side to where you are and I know seeing it is hard right now. Best of luck friend. 
I'm thinking of you today. Know that you're not alone reach out if you need to! I will not drink with you today.
I also drink out of boredom. It's really hard for me to quit and I think one reason why is that it is so easy for me to "get away with" drinking. When I drink I drink to get drunk but when I get drunk I don't drive a car scream at my wife or have an emotional breakdown. I just goof around on the computer and eat junk food. I don't have those 'rock bottom' moments but I still want to quit for my physical health and also because I need to learn how to stave off boredom without resorting to drinking which makes me terribly unproductive and is just an unwise method of dealing with stress. I've also had some really depressing stuff happen to me in the last couple years and I really really really don't want to be depressed about those things. It's like when I sip that fourth beer a switch gets flipped in my head and I don't think about those things anymore and if I do it doesn't hurt as much or at all. ..What I'm struggling with is the fact that I have many good reasons to quit drinking but it doesn't feel like an imperative. If I were crashing cars getting arrested going to work drunk or smashing my house up I feel like I would have undeniable reasons to quit and I would take it more seriously or be more dilligent. OF COURSE I am not wishing that I was doing those things and I know a lot of people struggle with stuff just like that and they would probably be offended that I'm saying something like this - but that's what I mean by being able to "get away with it." Since my drinking is "under control" in this context I've created in my brain a relapse doesnt seem like a big deal I think *I'll just get back on the horse tomorrow* and I do and I happily hop off again whenever I get bored. Because I have no will power when it comes to this shit. 
The biggest factor to quitting for real is that the decision comes from within you. YOU Have to be the motivating factor. If someone else is pressuring you to quit I don't think you will have the same success. Sounds like you are very close to being there if you aren't already. I didn't think a lot before quitting it just kind of came to me one night that I had to tell my wife everything (the hidden daily heavy drinking which was almost the exact same amounts as you describe ). Tomorrow will be 80 days for me and it's gotten easier and easier to not drink not harder and harder. Good luck  to you and keep using SD 
Like finally_woken my wife hung with me and I don't know why.  Though it came close to divorce before I finally made the full decision...The path was not easy.  There is a lot of good advice all around.  Try it all on and see what fits.  There will be discomfort and good discomfort means you're growing.  ..What I really want to say though is that I thought about the issue LONG before it really became an issue I couldn't hide.  At that point it was already nearly too late.  Only recently did I tell my wife that I wanted to tell her for the longest time that I was wanting to quit (at the time I was wanting to moderate).  I didn't.  Not sure how it would've turned out if I had though I probably would have started the journey a little bit earlier and therefore maybe wouldn't have caused so much damage along the way.  ..It's funny that you use the Morning Me and the Evening Me.  I tried a similar visualization when I was keeping it to myself.  Trying to get the Evening Me to love the Morning Me by not getting absolutely smashed.  Why wouldn't I want to for the version of myself that will be there next morning?  Because I have a problem limiting alcohol once I start drinking.  ..Sounds simple enough yet it took a couple of hard ass years to fully realize that.  It's a conundrum.  It's a simple message with a lot of pragmatism and realistic sense but when that lunatic driver is behind the wheel the sanity goes right out the fucking window.  ..Good luck my man.  Hang around.  Be honest.  Don't stay down if you fall down. 
I heard this at an AA meeting yesterday: ..Don't pick up a drink all day and you won't find yourself drunk tonight...That's how I quit. I hope SD can be a support for you (I also have had smashing success with AA) but really it comes down to not picking up the drink for a whole day one day at a time. Best wishes to you.
I find a lot of similarities in your story. I also come from an alcoholic home and am here because my drinking was starting to ruin my health impacting my relationship and was forcing me to call in late for work because of the hangovers (it's tough to hide the fact you're puking every 30minutes). More importantly each time I quit and went back to drinking it picked up right where I left off and then got worse. ..I don't have any great advice this early but I wanted to share one unexpected perk of sobriety; how loving my husband has been towards me. When he comes home and sees I'm not hungover or that I haven't been drinking I get a genuine smile and greeting. I hadn't noticed how much he had been distancing himself from me because he was never angry or demeaning. I feel loved and liked by him and it is so worth it...I'm so happy you're here and make every use of this community it's saving my life one day at a time! ..
Just wanted to offer you my support. This is a great community you'll find lots of help here.
when i stopped drinking after drinking for around 27 years i finally became free and really started living... Life is so much better for me without the guilt and shame. You can have this too one day at a time.
