-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4enjzj/update_second_time_around_and_feelings/

Throw away acct specifically for this sub and to protect my identity (employment reasons)...I've posted here before about the struggles of cutting ties with my family. I cut ties for awhile while I was sober for about 7 months lost my job temporarily but got it back. However things have gone a little downhill. ..I've been making poor decisions again with alcohol and also making even more stupid choices that I'm too ashamed to say but I'm riddled with guilt and shame. This winter was harsh. I miss feeling good being healthy and fit/active. I miss good sleep and feeling energized throughout the day. Instead I've been drowning in depression and hanging out with friends at bars. I miss happiness. ..Last night was bad. I'm glad to be alive and lucky but my luck will run out soon. Which is why I'm here on this sub. I don't want to jeopardize my career life etc and I don't like being selfish either. It's gotten to the point where I can't function with a hangover that I call in sick at work and I get trembling hands during hangovers. ..I'm totally sober right now but I can't get over the events of last night that the pit of my stomach drops even more and it churns painfully. It will take awhile for me to let go of the guilt and shame but at the same time I'm thankful for it because it's a reinforcer and a reminder behind my decision to permanently quit drinking starting now. ..I do hope to use this sub to openly communicate with others and write updates on sobriety. Thank you for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting. I hope we both keep coming back!
Welcome to the sub. It's been the sober community outlet for me going strong.  You don't have to hold to a rigid schedule of posts either. Comment lurk and rant as necessary. Like Will.I.Am said "i wanna scream and shout. And let it all out." Sometimes that's cathartic.      .Hang in there. You can definitely do this and we can help along way. 
I am starting over too after almost 90 solid days sober - only way to get back to where we once were is to start not drinking today!
