-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4enxdm/saddened_by_the_passing_of_a_friend_i_will_not/

I just found out a friend passed away last Saturday.  She was a stem cell transplant recipient fighting multiple myeloma but her cancer relapsed in September and her health went downhill fast in the past 7 months.  No one wanted to tell me yesterday because it was our wedding anniversary.  ..My heart aches today.  This woman was a fighter...and a bubbly laughing presence at the transplant support group Spouse and I attend.  ..I wish I could turn this to a bright side but my heart aches today.  The world is a bit darker without her in it.  ..I will not drink today and I will continue to support cancer awareness and the fight to find a cure.  ..Today I ask you to think of some friends you haven't contacted in a while and just reach out.  Reach out and say "hello you matter to me"..because we only have today.  Embrace today and appreciate those who support you in today...Stay sober my friends.  ..F*** Cancer. ..Mouse...Edit: ..Thank you to my SD family for showing your support.  To the newcomers:  It may seem strange to say this but /r/stopdrinking really is like a family.  Thousands of subscribed readers but the core group that keeps coming back and the support of all of the newcomers has gotten me through dark days.  No matter how ugly or challenging life's curveballs may be we are never alone.  That is what matters.  ..A big thank you to the SD Dino friend (you know who you are) who chatted with me for an hour and a half tonight..about nothing and everything and life in general.  It helped immensely.  You know how much I appreciate it.  
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry Mouse!
Sorry to hear that but it's good you're staying sober. Too many times people look for an excuse to drink I know I do. Nowadays I've been telling myself that it won't make shit better if I drink so I may as well deal with it like a man. It's better this way anyways. Keep up the sobriety :).
Sorry for your loss. F cancer indeed.
Thank you Mouse for your wise words. I'm so sorry for the loss of your friend.
So sorry for your loss.   
I'm very sorry for your loss. I also lost some precious persons in my life due to this f. cancer..Heads up. Let's not drink today.
So sorry for your loss. ..F cancer right in the A.
My sincere condolences Mouse.  Cancer sucks.
That fucking sucks. 
Sorry for your loss.
I'm very sorry to hear that. Cancer sucks big time. 
The only good thing I've ever taken from the loss of a loved one is that this right now is life. Not all of the things we have to do next week next year etc. Just now. And it's up to me to make the most of it. ..Thank you for writing this. I'm very sorry for your loss.
Sorry for the loss of your friend Mouse.
