-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4eraco/my_pink_cloud_starts_to_darken/

I have a bit over six months of sobriety under my belt right now. Until now I felt great and proud of this long stretch of time. I've accomplished many big and little things which I couldn't have done when I was drinking wine every spare moment I could find. I sleep and look better I cook better meals for me and my man I brush my teeth EVERY night and wake up fresh and rested. All these things that are normal to most people are treasures to me. I am so thankful for them. I don't experience any cravings for alcohol at the moment but since my mood is shifting a bit from thankful to complacent I am afraid these cravings will come soon. I ruined 5 months of sobriety in 2015 with complacency. Today I felt a bit off. "What's it all good for?" and " why is my life still the same only without drinking?" I know these thoughts are misleading and not true and I'll probably feel better tomorrow (EVERYONE has off days not only us alkies...) but I still want to get this feeling off my chest instead of thinking around in circles which caused the last relapse. Thanks for reading/ listening any tips are welcome. And thanks again for SD! There are no support groups for alcoholics in my country (holland) nearby so this is a great place for me to read write and learn.
----------immediate responses--------

The pink cloud was a tough one for me. It was more of an obstacle because when it was gone I crashed back to "normal" I crashed hard and couldn't handle "normal". Thankfully this time around I had very little pink cloud. Many many days of "just make it through today". It's getting much better.  Normal is becoming more familiar and even welcome. Just hang in there. ..Additionally buried somewhere deep in these archives is a post about how alcoholics tend to be addicted to the highs and lows of recovery/relapse. Maybe later I can find the information but I found it made a lot of sense regarding my behavior. 
Keep at it.  6 months is amazing How many normies do you know that have gone 6 months without a drink?  Most of the folks I know don't go a couple of days without drinking...As for moving past the "pink cloud" I like to think of it as a blessing.  The pink cloud can deceive me into thinking I've got this licked that I'm cured.  But I am not and never will be cured of my alcoholism.  Having a more grounded perspective in life keeps my recovery strong.  The occasional thorn in my side is the poke I often need to avoid the complacency you are worried about.  Whether I have a bad day or have a thought to drink those things remind me that I need to stay on my toes and continue to work a program of recovery...Even the fact that you are worried about complacency shows you have a deeper understanding of your sobriety and what it takes to avoid the next drink.  It's as simple as taking those fears of complacency and translating them into actions of recovery..
I think that much like how it is so difficult to find positive stories in the new sometimes so are the days of our sobriety.  Positive change is often so gradual that it's difficult to notice it ever having happened while the damage that can sometimes be done from just a night of too much drinking can seem almost overwhelming.  Conflict is an ever-present part of life and when we experience more pronounced conflict because of our poor life choices pulling away from them can make life feel uncomfortably numb.  I'm no expert but maybe doing something creative to stir the mind could help with your doldrums
Life after the Pink Cloud is where it's at for me.  It's genuine satisfaction learning that sobriety is my power in life on life's terms.
