-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ery3j/hit_6_months_sober_today/

I have shared a few of my milestones on Facebook (3060100 Days) as most of my Facebook friends at one point or another have been with me while drunk trashed or have drank with me at some sort of get together. I have battled depression and anxiety since I was merely a boy and I have posted so many inspirational quotes anxiously thoughts and little stories and analogies that I have written down to battle my depression and anxiety and I'm always gracious and sometimes shocked when people come up to me and tell me that something I've said to them or posted to Facebook has given them a smile eased their worries or stopped them from doing something stupid and so I felt that /r/stopdrinking might want my post from this morning:....Today is another milestone for me: 6 months sober. Not just a milestone in sobriety though I have nearly four months of being clean and nearly two months without a cigarette but I think its a milestone in my life in how I approach things. I am much more methodical in my day to day choices but much more willing to do the things I always said I was going to do or have always wanted to do. I am thinking more about my life and what I want from it and how to do it all. I've begun to regain some of my humor and comedy that has been missing over the last year as I've struggled to come to terms with my mistakes my demons my downfalls and my shortcomings. ..In a weird way I'm happy the first half of my 20s had some of my biggest fuck ups so I could spend the second half working on myself and trying to become the person so many people knew I could become. In the past I've been very egotistical narcissistic and arrogant. I was a drunk I was an addict I was a dick. I lied manipulated and hurt a lot of people that I loved and loved me. I made everything about me and didn't really care if I hurt anybody else. For that I am sorry to anyone I've hurt or disappointed and while I know an apology can't always fix the things you've done to people or change how they feel about you these aren't just words to me anymore they're a ever-constant reminder to make right by the things I've done to others and myself. I've prayed my heart out and asked forgiveness from the people I've cared about the most. I've worked my ass off to learn to forgive and love myself because throughout my entire life that has been the hardest thing for me to do and it seems like each individual step and each milestone brings me closer and closer to that. ..Staying sober isn't my main goal inner peace is though sobriety is a necessary step to obtaining the closure that I have so desperately needed to be able to live my life to its full potential for the things that have happened to me and things that I have done. So thank you. Thank you to everyone who has been a part of this crazy life I've lived so far. Thank you to those who have stuck by my side through all of my bullshit. Thank you to those who have offered their support and their kindness. Most of all thank you for all the love! You all are amazing and I hope that moving forward I can return the favor by showing you all the love joy and laughter you have shown me.
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful post.  Keep doing what you are doing.
This is a fantastic post (and perspective)! I will not drink with you today in celebration.
Thanks for this! I hear you about your 20s -- I'm 26 and I try to have this outlook too. 
Great work!
Huzzah!  i hit 6 months on Monday myself and couldnt have said it better myself!  All i can think of is how freeing it is....not to be chained to the ALKI demon everyday.  Pedro is an arse don't listen to him don't give in.  Sober living is great!
Also working on forgiving and loving myself constantly. Choosing sobriety definitely feels like an act of self-love although I'm a total noob and am a bit freaked out for what's ahead. But alas: one day at a time. Thanks for being sober with me today and for this inspiring share. 
[removed]
congratulations! 
Congratulations!
[deleted]
Congrats on 6 months!!  What a wonderful post.  Keep it up!! 
&gt;Staying sober isn't my main goal inner peace is though sobriety is a necessary step to obtaining the closure that I have so desperately needed to be able to live my life to its full potential for the things that have happened to me and things that I have done. ..I needed those words tonight.  Thank you.
