-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4euzb6/my_cravings_are_my_biggest_asset/

I have struggled my entire life with controlling my emotions and I think a big part of that is that I never recognize my emotions until they blow up into something so huge that I lash out and it catches everyone including myself off guard. When my emotions first spring up they manifest themselves as boredom hunger and a strong craving to drink...I realized that my cravings almost always mean something though because they make my whole body feel unsettled. In the past I would take the feeling of craving call it boredom go get wasted and do something awful when I was drunk like yell at a boyfriend or try to fight someone at a bar (I'm tiny so that never worked out too well for me) ..Now instead of letting my unknown emotion amplify when I'm drunk I can recognize that I have a craving to drink and even if I can't identify the feeling underneath it instead of turning to alcohol I can explore it in a healthy way like meditating or writing or even just getting myself a piece of chocolate cake to hold myself over (I gotta have one vice at least!)..I am finally learning how to use my cravings as a tool instead of thinking it's the end of the world and following my every thought which eventually leads to a lot of dispair and destruction
----------immediate responses--------

That's good introspection. Analyzing the cause for your craving instead of immediately giving in. Kudos.
I think that is pretty accurate. I will try taking more notice of what is beneath the craving when it hits.
What a wonderful way of turning it around! This works for me too - I find out what's underlying and address that thing in a healthier way! I have spider-diagrammed healthier coping ideas for different situations. E.g...If I'm tired I'll try taking it easy or getting rest.of if I am well rested maybe a walk to invigorate me...If I'm hungry I prepare a meal or snack. Or maybe a glass of sparkling water or mug of herbal tea if I'm already fed...Similar strategies for stress anxiety procrastination etc...
Very good point thank you
Thanks for this! 
Great post!!
I feel this totally!  I get a lot of cravings "restlessness".  And I used to know just how to make it go away get drunk.  Now I see cravings as a warning from my body and subconscious that I  need to pay attention to.  A guy had a great acronym at a meeting.  HALT = hungry angry lonely tired.  I added B boredom.  Now I address what ever my mind and body are searching for.  Plus if I'm really stuck there's one solution that never fails.  Do something nice for someone.  Anyway great post!!  Thank you for writing it!! :)
This is really good stuff. It can be annoying to put that craving under a microscope but it really leads to growth. Sometimes I'm grateful for a small itch when I'm meditating it anchors me in the now and I explore it instead of instantly scratching the itch...I don't know why that came to mind but I was thinking about it yesterday.
