-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ev79l/i_got_fired_yesterday/

I'm a tax preparer in the US I quit drinking just before the end of 2015 so that I would be clear-headed for tax season this year (I was promoted) my boss quit with me this year and our office was kicking some serious butt up until Tuesday.  We'd hit all of our goals we were doing great and then I'm not sure what happened but I ended up out of a job.  On April 13th...I've given up so much the four years I've worked there and I'm not having the same benefits of not drinking that others are I'm really struggling with finding a good reason to not drink today.  I do like how much money I've saved and I have appreciated not feeling "off" a single morning in 2016 but I've gained a ton of weight and my sleep is still terrible and I just don't feel as good as I thought/hoped I would...Plus tonight after a day of stewing over everything I gave up thinking I was working towards a specific goal I just feel like crap...I'm not going to drink tonight because that won't really solve anything but I sure do wish I still had a job.
----------immediate responses--------

Nope. Drinking would just give you another problem to deal with. I hope they gave you some reason so that maybe you can use it constructively??? Good luck. I won't drink with you today.
Hey- I am not drinking either.  Best thing you can do is stay hydrated and now that you have some free time- do something athletic- whether it is just walking around your neighborhood or throwing large rocks in the desert (can help get some anger out too).  Also- feel good about holding up your end with your position.  I know there is something better out there where you won't have to give up so much of yourself.
&gt;I'm not going to drink tonight..There you go great response to adversity. Sorry about the job! I hope you get more information--as an employer I know that sometimes it's not about performance but rather other business factors. But still it would be nice to know. ..About goals--in my job I'm often asking people to look outside of their immediate goals and consider other possibilities. I don't want to sound like a Pollyanna but a change like this however unwanted is nonetheless an opportunity to reset goals more broadly and perhaps more ambitiously. I hope that once you get over the immediate shock that's what it turns into for you--an opportunity. ..Hang on there--great that you're clear-headed at a time like this.
Sorry to hear about your situation and congratulations on your Resolve!..When life brings me these unpleasantries I've learned to get to "some meetings" ASAP and talk about what's going on.  If I can't get to meetings I come here call my Sponsor or any Sober-Living colleague to talk.  ..My condition wants me to isolate feel sorry for myself and tell me how justified in whatever comes next...Glad you're here!  Stay strong!
tough situation i know..been there..and when i was in that situation i replaced my erstwhile working hours with alcohol..and the unemployment which could have been a month or two (i couldn't go to interviews as i was down and out from previous days drinking) turned into 15 months (and drinking 10 months)...and the last 5 months were in rehab AA and then job search in sobriety... so my friend don't pick up that first drink...u don't know where it will lead to and for how long...stay calm..stay positive...new ways will open up if we are sober enough to find them or make them.. ..the cunning disease will raise its head in this time of boredom and anxiety...don't go down my path.....And as you go through this phase...and i wish u don't drink can you pls share with me what all you did during this unasked for free time and not drink... i want to learn so that i don't do what i did in the past should i get unemployed again...! thanks..
Hope things smooth out for you soon.  I am sorry you are going through some turmoil.
I'm with you on not always having a firm grasp on my reasons. But when I am able the reason I don't drink is the same as the reason I don't pick up smoking: no matter how bad things are right now they can get worse. I don't need *another* addiction to feed. ..So if it helps: don't drink today so you can keep saving money. Don't drink today so that you don't become one of the stories on here filled with regrets. ..Tackle your other problems as they come: sleep? You may have already but if not do some research on sleep hygiene. Get twilight for your phone. Expose yourself to bright lights in the morning and if you can keep a regular schedule. ..As for food come over to /r/loseit! That's how I found /r/stopdrinking. Your reasons for eating are probably emotional if you have replaced alcohol with food so a supportive community may help...Things are bad now but they will get better as long as you don't take how had they are as an excuse to make them worse.
