-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ey2g3/needing_a_bit_of_encouragement_today/

I'm sitting in the Walmart parking lot ashamed that I just bought alcohol. Ashamed that the only advantage to sobriety I feel right now is weight management. But lately I've been over indulging on bags of chocolate chips and spoonfuls of nutella hazelnut spread and let's just be honest those aren't helping my weight control efforts either. I used to say life is "so much better" sober but I think I was just lying to myself a ploy to keep me sober. I was sober about 1.5 yrs then relapsed hardcore. I've been back on the right track since January so not even 6 months and the bottle seems to be calling my name. I tell people I hate the taste of alcohol and that I hate the feeling of being drunk but those are lies I tell to hide the truth that I don't drink because I'm an addict.   .   .Here's a little background to my situation:  .I didn't really drink much until I graduated college. Then on my days off  I'd sip on a bottle of wine a day. I'd start drinking the bottle with lunch and finish it up around bedtime. I saw drinking as something adults did and now that I was graduated with a full time job drinking made me feel more like an adult. In the early days because I sipped all day I wouldn't get super drunk. Tipsy yes but not blackout drunk (that came a few months later). During these early drinking days I met a guy online. After a few months my drinking increased but all in secrecy. 2-3 bottles of wine a day. And somehow he was oblivious. All he knew was a tipsy and occasionally drunk me.   .   .When he caught on to my drinking it took months maybe even a year of escalating drinking and dangerous situations for me to finally stop.   .   .Sobriety was a high at first. I was on cloud nine. On my one month sobriety anniversary I was on a cruise with his family in the Caribbean for a week. Month two I was at the beach for a week. Month three of sobriety he proposed. Month 4 I left a horrible work environment and started in a new and *amazing* job. Needless to say I was high on life. 11 months into sobriety we got married. 5 months later so depressed about the state of my marriage I relapsed with alcohol. I knew he wanted me to stay sober but I didn't feel like he loved the sober me. I'm too moody and "real" I'm not the giggly care-free person I was when drunk. I relapsed very hard very fast. It took several months to get myself to stop and I only stopped because I didn't want to get fat and the alcohol was costing too much.   .   .122 days into sobriety round #2 I bought alcohol. It's sitting on my kitchen counter bottle still unopened.   .I need to numb my emotions & kind of "check out" from all the stress my marriage is causing. We're in marital counseling but I'm worried we're stuck in a loveless marriage. My husband is a fun guy he's my best friend but the romance isn't there. The only joy in my life is my cat. I feel drained depressed and hopeless.  .   .I guess I'm just looking for encouragement...and reasons more than myself (bc I'm feeling worthless) to stop drinking...  .   .Thanks in advance!  
----------immediate responses--------

Don't do it! Play that tape forward. Here's what might happen: You drink you feel numb you drink some more. Maybe you fight with your husband and say things you regret. Or you sober up feel like crap physically and are really upset with yourself about your choice to drink. Now you're feeling emotionally fragile and still have to figure out what's going on with your marriage and you're in a worse place than ever. Yuck...Alternate plan: you read posts here write down why drinking makes your life worse and the things you love about sobriety. Then you get out of the house change the scenery and do some sort of exercise to make you feel better and get some oxygen in your system. This would be my choice. ..You can do this. Pour it out girl!
The question I know I'd ask myself is "What do you _want_ to happen?" Being numb isn't an outcome or a goal. It's the opposite of that. If I feel numb naturally that's who I am. That's my small brain taking a deep breath trying to find a way to get traction to deal. If I'd have to make myself numb i.e. by drinking that means I CAN deal I'm ready. I don't have to be afraid bc 1) I can exert some will or influence to get an outcome I want and 2) whatever the outcome I know I will be OK...If I wash that away w drink the original challenge remains and I've dulled the tools I'd use to shape it. A satisfactory outcome is less likely. PLUS I've got to deal with the alcohol-driven physical and emotional side effects in the meantime. ..Someone on this sub put it better and more succinctly recently. If I've got a problem _and_ I drink then I've got two problems. ..What business do I have idiot that I am quite often adding problems and complexity? : ) ..Drinking leeches us of our faith in ourselves. ..Whatever you've got unopened on the counter isn't worthy of whatever you would surrender to it. Smash it.
First of all there is no situation that a drink can't make worse. None of your fears and concerns will be improved by drinking. I hope that you can decide to stay sober for TODAY. One way of committing to that would be to pour out the bottle...It sounds to me like more sober support might be useful to you. Do you have a network of other sober alcoholics around you in real life? For me it's made a gigantic difference to have AA. Just going to a meeting or calling another alcoholic can get me through a dangerous situation. It also gives me different sober perspectives and suggestions for living a sober life. 
My experience: Stopping drinking won't solve the marriage. But it is *impossible* to work on a marriage in which alcohol is a component. ..Drinking means you won't have as good a shot at figuring out your marriage. Seeing what it will take to make it better or ultimately whether it should continue. ..In my experience continuing marital therapy without stopping alcohol for BOTH parties is a waste of time if you're serious about figuring out what do do about the marriage. It ignores the elephant in the room. [It's like this.](https://youtu.be/-4EDhdAHrOg)  ..With alcohol not in the picture you can figure out what's going on for each of you individually and as a couple. ..Because you say this: ..&gt; reasons more than myself (bc I'm feeling worthless) ..--I suggest you consider some personal counseling as well. I had to find a way to like myself enough to stop drinking for **me.** Not as a marital goal. I thought I couldn't really have the expectation that someone should respect and love me if I didn't see some worth in myself. When someone did show that interest it was seductive and kept me from working on my own issues if that makes sense. ..You made a major relationship change in the first year of sobriety. Not going to shake my finger--so did I. Mine didn't work out very well for anyone involved though I sure felt clear about my ideas at the time. There's a lot for you to sort through--and drinking only makes that harder take longer and cause more pain for you and others around you. ..Hang in there. I'm not drinking today and it's a pretty shitty day so far (except for that run I took that was nice). I'm not drinking and hope you join me. .
[deleted]
Your future self is on her knees begging you to get through this crisis.  She is saying "you can't believe how beautiful it is here please do this for us!".
