-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4f1ulx/very_anxious_today_and_feel_terrible_about_not/

I feel I have not been a good AA person and am judged when I go back to meetings I have not been to for a long time.  I know I need to go and it helps me.  It has been a problem for me to find a good "home" meeting after I had a relapse last summer.  People talked about it outside the meeting and I felt weird about this.  Advice?
----------immediate responses--------

In my experience I am never as important as I think I am. I too am a re-re-retread and any negative attention I perceived was really just love and concern. I kept coming and it worked (and works).
I am not an AA member but I don't think what you are feeling is the intended response of any support group. I don't think anyone should be judging you..Hopefully you will get some advice from people here that are involved in AA. In the meantime please stay strong. 304 days! You're doing great.  Hang in and post often  stay strong friend.
Have you tried explaining to your sponsor your problem? Social anxiety / shyness is very common and a big barrier entry to AA meetings even after a while.  .  .I know I am new - but if I might make a humble suggestion: Often times drinking is an escape from a deeper issue so when you quit drinking you start experiencing that deeper issue and facing it head on. It could be that you drank to hide from you social anxiety and now you're being forced to face it head on. Which can be VERY difficult.  .  .I'm sorry your sponsor is angry with you. Take some deep breaths your sponsor may not be as angry as you think. Sometimes they think "tough love" is in order to help avoid complacency and your sponsor may not realize what is really going on.  .  .Stay strong! You can do this! Ask your sponsor to come with you if you think that'll help. You can do it! I won't drink with you today!  .
I would jump back in and see if I'm right about my issue with the meetings.  Can't hurt can only help in my experience.
Maybe you could try going to some meetings you've never been to? I can't imagine that everyone in "the rooms" has been perfect and without relapse. Glass houses and all that I would think. If it's helped you in the past I would keep trying! Best wishes.
There's no way around this but through it ;) There's no such thing as a "good AA person." We're all just people and all pretty sick at that by definition. Yes there are people that are judgemental about relapsers. Mostly they're afraid it's contagious. Ignore them and find the ones who are supportive. There are plenty out there. ..Try new meetings and maybe even a new sponsor. You didn't say why your sponsor is angry with you. But that he/she is may be reason enough to find another. Sponsors only get angry if they're taking things personally and that's not the role at all. ..Oh yea and people in AA gossip. It's the human condition. That's not about AA. Don't let the turkeys keep you down! 
From what I have experienced the judgement that you feel from others typically is rooted in judgement you place on yourself.  I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that you're judging yourself for not going to your meetings because that's what a "good" person in recovery does.  Thing is everyone is different and so are our circumstances.  Not everyone can make it to meetings on a regular basis and that's okay...As for your sponsor and people at your meetings (I think you mentioned that they talked about you outside the meeting...I'm on mobile so I can't read your post while responding) have you tried being assertive with them?  Assertive communication allows you to express your emotions in a positive way and communicate with others what you need from them.  It feels awkward at first but try this when you talk to your sponsor..I feel (emotion) when you (action) because (reason) and I would like (desired future actions or outcomes)..Your sponsor may not know how you feel or how his actions affect you so this will allow you to communicate that in a safe way...All this being said I have no way of knowing how your sponsor will react.  Assertive communication isn't a way to get what you want but a way to communicate what you need effectively.  If he doesn't respond positively you may need a new sponsor.
Can't speak for anyone else but I always assume that if I don't see someone in meetings very often they either have another group that they attend or they just don't feel the need to go to meetings very often. I never judge them for not being regulars ever. I don't know their story. ..I think that probably most of what you think that others are thinking is just the projection of your own anxiety. I know in my first couple of weeks of attending AA I was convinced that other people thought I was lying about being sober and that people were secretly mad at me for showing up late. I am almost 100% sure that all of that was just in my head. I eventually stopped worrying about it. 
Thank you so much for all your comments! They are really really helping! :)
Damn. Sounds a bit depression related? ..But clearly you are a veteran! If you've overcome everything to this point I'm sure you can overcome this? One small push and you'll be back in the game?
Why are you not attending AA meetings?  You say it helps you but that you do not go.  If it helps you why don't you go?  It doesn't matter whether or not you are a "good AA person" - it matters for yourself if you are not doing something that helps you. 
There are good and bad people in any group. Church teams AA etc. The whole message is positive but sometimes people just suck. Find a new sponsor who teaches with knowledge empathy and positivity instead of anger. Anger judgements stress are the path of alcohol! 
I have been averaging 1 meeting a month (Always at the same womens group on Sundays) and have started feeling a bit bad about it too...Am I not doing enough AA?  When I take my 90-day chip tomorrow so I apologize for not being a better AA person?  Should I not even take a 90-day chip?!..Thanks for the thread though...I'll be following along.
