-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4f8mly/struggling_a_bit/

My fianc e and I moved into our new apartment on Friday. It's a good decision all around; it's quieter surrounded by more nature in a familiar location and between our new jobs and lower cost of living/commuting we're looking at having an extra $500-600 in our bank accounts each month. I've also been thoroughly enjoying unpacking and getting set up... it's been almost therapeutic and a fresh start on something feels really good...All of that said I've been struggling pretty hard with cravings this weekend. Between the stress moving itself getting a housewarming gift of wine from friends (they didn't know I stopped drinking) and walking by the beer section in the grocery store it's been triggers galore. ..I've only been at this for a little more than a month but the excitement and shinyness of newfound sobriety has definitely worn off and it's starting to feel like a chore. Fantasies of moderation have been dancing in my head nearly nonstop since Friday afternoon and it's taken all I have not to grab a six pack of beer or a bottle of wine from the store on way home from running errands...So far I've stayed in the game by going a day at a time hell even hour by hour at this point and every time I think about moderation I think about the times I've tried it and failed and all of the trouble drinking has caused me. "Playing the tape forward" I think it's called...I don't know if there's really a point to this post except to rant and ramble a bit but thanks for listening. Staying sober this Sunday with you all..
----------immediate responses--------

Go buy a new print or a vase for the new place.  It always help me to buy something new and shiny I can worship for a while to distract me.  You should see my shoe and earring collections!  Just don't give in.  It may require some old fashioned white knuckling however. I will join you and not drink today.
I just thought of something else you could do for your new olace.  Buy a nice big digital picture frame then download a bunch if inspirational images and quotes from pinterest to load to the frame.  That will keep you busy and be a nice little housewarming gift to yourself.  Just a suggestion. 
Congrats on the new apartment!  It sounds great!  Can you do something to celebrate moving in (that doesn't involve alcohol)? Bring home some super tasty take out food? Buy some really fancy ice cream? This is exciting! Your reward centre in your brain needs to be rewired so it starts to think of other nice things that can be a treat...What are you going to do with the bottle of wine? If you won't dump it out can you ask your SO to hide it away so you don't have to be tempted by it?..Lastly I couldn't stop drinking on my own. Very few of us can. I needed the support of other alcoholics in real life to stay sober.  Meetings really help me.
I hit a wall around the same time as you.  It was that feeling that all the new sober baby steps were over and now it was just "more of the same".  Don't know what to tell you other than this too is a test.  A big one.  Your lizard brain finally thinks it has you right where it wants you...Get this though.  It gets better.  Getting by this is a huge huuuuge accomplishment and the future you is begging you to make it through unscathed...You can do this.
How does your fianc  feel about this?  I have found that my SO helps me by giving me someone who I can be completely honest with.  She knows I quit drinking so therefore if I start drinking again she knows I am not doing what I said I was going to do.  This has kept me sober on more than one occasion the last few months.  Accountability outside of just yourself is helpful.   Tell her you are struggling and that  you do not wish to drink any longer.
Please stay the course. I'm here with you. It really gets easier
