-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4f987f/they_say_trouble_comes_in_3s_im_beyond_that_and/

The last few months have been rough for me. Laid off and work has been very slow in coming walked away from a very good job offer (wasn't actually offered but they put me up for a better role than what I applied for) for an important move I'm living with my parents again and I've been dealing with the struggle of quitting the drink...The past 4 days have seen me get hammered around. I've injured my knee and it's causing me more grief every day my phone broke and I don't have insurance AND it's $500 to recontract (1 year till early renewal) my backup phone isn't getting calls through reliably and the speaker is broken so I have to use my headphones (I'm hoping for job calls this week...) my computer headset broke so now I have no audio. The silver lining is my missus just got a job and is at her first day which I am so happy about the cloud to that is that I'm home alone with stupidly easy access to booze. ..I guess I'm just venting at this point because it feels like I'm hitting my lowest moment and the urge to drink is growing. I feel so much stronger than I did but life seems determined to kick me in the gut right now :( 
----------immediate responses--------

Normally I'd go and get myself something naughty (we're on an eating plan to shape up for our wedding) but I have no transport right now and everything is outside of walking distance. Worst thing in the house is peanut butter toast &gt;_&lt;
I look at bad weeks like this: It's going to end sooner or later. The next week is going to be shit and the only thing I have control over is my attitude and my actions. If I drink to get through the tough week I'm in store for another tough week. I would be in essence prolonging my misery...But that's just me!
Life has indeed kicked you in the nuts my friend. I'm sorry it's so hard right now but the good news is this too shall pass and the moral strength you gain coming out the other side....whoo-wee. You're sober. You're maintaining and that's a major win. Internet high five o/                 ..I'll also throw this out there for your consideration. Virgin Mobile. I've had them for close to 7 years. It runs on Sprint network no contracts. Buy the phone and pay whatever. You can use top ups like a true burner but I pay $35/mth for 300mins talk and unlimited txt/data. You can get a flip phone in a pinch for pennies or a lower end android smart phone for $70-200. That'll last at least a year prob 2. In long run much cheaper than the big guys with contracts and nickel &amp; diming.       ..Keep your head up and keep going.
Think how much worse all these things would be if you were hungover anxious and poorer from spending money on alcohol.  Not worth it!
[deleted]
