-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fgi4c/alcoholic_seeking_friendly_advice/

I consume around 50 or 60 units per week. I spend around  30 per week on my habit plus junk food of at least  20 more. My health and wealth are being affected and I feel like I'm at a point where I can stop now or really struggle to stop later...I've picked a date next month that will be my quitting date. I'm going to try and quit for a whole year and then evaluate my decision. What kind of metrics should I look at measuring and monitoring?
----------immediate responses--------

Well there's no better time than the present!  Just curious why you picked a date in the future.  Why not Today?..I love Metrics and Measuring!..Here are some fun ones.  Graphs run charts control charts pie charts histograms stacked bar charts are all good visuals!..How about:..Daily ounces or CCs / Liters Not consumed...Money saved by not purchasing...Blood pressure.  Total Cholesterol.  Fasting blood glucose...HDL LDL and triglycerides...Number hours not drinking...Number additional productive minutes...Resting heart rate...Fitness activity (Fitbit) or similar...Friendships not ruined...Number of angry events per day...Percent  in quality of relationships...DUI/DWIs...Minutes not in jail...Jobs not lost...Finances not ruined...Percent increase in Happiness!..I look forward to seeing your metrics!....This is a great place for support in a community that cares and is pretty wise from Experience.  Experience about what works many times and noticing things they've tried that may have not yielded desired results...I know for me my first action was to be honest with myself then to be open minded about actions that have delivered success and finally to be willing to embrace a course of action.  I discovered if I did those three things I indeed became successful in not drinking.  ..A good resource is available from u/coolcrosby who put together a short list of actions to get started at this link [Baby Steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/).  ..Many people then make a commitment to what they want and share it here.  Then this community can support you with your own accountability.  I'm interested in your success.  Let us know what you decide!..Peace be with you.  Just for a Today I Dont Drink with You..
I'd also recommend taking a photo of  yourself "before" you stop drinking and then you can take progress photos in the same lighting etc. as you proceed with not drinking.  Lots of folks here have posted pics and it's really great to see the positive difference and get lots of great feedback too...Since you're still in the planning phase can I recommend a book to you? **This Naked Mind** by Annie Grace was  great help to me and my mindset when I quit drinking. You can still be drinking when you read it....she even says so. Read it slowly let each chapter sink in and then I think you'll be ready to give your experiment a solid commitment.  Good luck to you!
Concerning the chosen quit date when I quit smoking more than 20 years ago I chose a date not far in the future; it gave me a chance to prepare myself mentally and have the tools amassed for my fight -- and it worked! Haven't had a smoke since...Personally I was astonished to discover how much money I was saving by being sober. I would definitely keep track of that as a motivator.
