-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fgztg/first_post_my_story/

I just thought posting my story and current situation would help take a weight off my shoulders so here goes. I always had some pretty pretty major anxiety issues growing up i was put on Zoloft at 4 or 5 for a short amount of time. Growing up with the anxiety wasn't easy fitting in and when I was 14 I found alcohol as a way of acceptance and fitting in until i was 16 life was great i was popular and had an incredible social life but then the alcohol took over and i gained some pretty intense depression to go along with my resurfacing anxiety and i dropped out of high school in year/grade 9 and became basically a full blown alcoholic and have lived that way until now at 23. Along the years i've achieved nothing as i have no job didn't graduate high school no drivers license a long list of broken relationships and friendships ill physical health to go along with my mental health just to name a few. Last year I went 70 days sober and was seeing a alcohol councilor psychologist and doctor I was put on Prozac and was finally moving in the right direction until my favorite drinking buddy committed suicide that caused a major relapse. I've always thought about suicide but never considered it until this latest relapse and i got so close to going through with it to the point where I cant believe i'm alive. Being around alcohol daily and coming from a family of alcoholics has made everything a little bit harder but today i'm 16 days sober again! Seeing my councilor psychologist and doctor more frequently and on seroquel and an double dose of Prozac and really attacking this mental health and alcohol addiction and getting some really good progress. On a scale of 1 to a 100 of where i want to be in life i'm at a 5 but that's higher then i was 16 days ago and it's great to be moving in the right direction to becoming the man i want to be! (sorry for the super long post but it done the intended purpose of getting a weight off my shoulders lol)
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!..Sounds like you're in the right place. Let's do this!
Welcome!  Congrats on your 16 days!  It sounds like you have a plan which is one of the keys to success.  One thing I thought when I was reading your story was that you are only 23 and even though your story is difficult at least you are only 23 and you have the opportunity to have a great long happy life.  Good luck!
Welcome - I'm glad you're here and getting the help you need too. A lot of us stop drinking but then have a hard time dealing with the mental health issues that brought us to drink in the first place. You're tackling that head on with support so congrats on that. It's not easy as you know but drinking does NOT make it any better it only makes it worse. I rootin' for ya Dogsataus!
Nicely done my friend.  Let's do TODAY!
I raise my coffee cup in salute to you u/Dogsataus.   You are in good company here.
Thank you for posting this.  Sounds to me like you are on the right track treating the psychological problems with seriousness.  Stay on course and come back often!
