-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fl11w/first_day_post/

yesterday morning i overslept for a test. school is so important to me it's my one constructive habit; i'm struggling to put myself through it and in my heart it's the one thing i've ever *truly* wanted for myself so messing up to that extent was a very dire awakening for me. i live alone i'm recently divorced and i'm far from my family--i suppose it's the fact that a couple of my instructors know these things about me that might have contributed to their allowing me to make up the test later this week (i would have otherwise been given a zero and subsequently removed from the program). i got lucky this time and i'm as grateful as i am mortified. what's been eating me alive though since this all went down (and even though i've tried to deny it since long before) is how my teachers and classmates don't know/haven't noticed that i'm consistently showing up to class day after day hungover and miserable often still-drunk from the night before. even scarier is how i've managed not to raise any suspicions for so long. ..i didn't start drinking heavily until i was 21 when moved to the town where i currently live but i've had addictive proclivities for as long as i can remember. now at 28 i can't look back and recall more than 1-2 week's-worth of days within the last seven years that i HAVEN'T gotten drunk and i doubt if i could count on one hand the number of those i didn't spend not-drinking because i was under the influence of some other substance. i've tried talking to a couple of different people in my town who i feel like i can trust but i'm always met with dismissive responses like "i don't think you seem that out of control" or "i've SEEN alcoholics you aren't one..." i don't know guys feedback like that just feels like permission to keep going without making any changes. i thought i was a pretty disclosed vulnerable transparent person but delusion can be powerful. while for years i hid behind my marriage i eventually hid behind school isolated and working my ass off to keep my grades up and then retreating to drink heavily (and usually alone) just to drown out the rest and sedate myself enough to finally sleep. ..i feel like hell today my first full day (i don't count yesterday because i was still feeling pretty drunk when i raced to school to beg for a chance to make up my missed exam). i can't really concentrate i'm afraid to reach out to the people around me and even though i'm feeling pretty daggum motivated to stick with this i'm scared about finding out how much harder it's going to become. ..i don't really know that i have any specific questions but any guidance will be greatly appreciated. mostly i just need a safe place to let this all out. i still feel like i'm keeping a lot to myself here but my mind feels so cluttered and congested that it's hard to get the words out. .i'm not really sure yet how to go about finding in-person support within my community; my schedule with school and work is incredibly demanding especially with finals coming up and honestly i tend to keep to myself in general. i just want to get healthy regain my ability to feel ANY emotional depth and pass this semester feeling strong enough to survive the inevitable temptations of summer break. one day at a time yeah?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Welcome. Grab a badge!
This post [The Baby Steps](https://redd.it/2i427b) by u/CoolCrosby may be helpful for you.  But yes it is simple -- one day at a time AA/SMART if it works for you SD and the willingness to be on this path.  There are lots of us here with you; welcome.
Oh my gosh you are telling my story! Once alcohol is removed from the picture you will really be giving yourself an honest chance to succeed in school. You deserve to feel better and I'm so glad that you are here.
[removed]
Well done on making the change!.Your story reminds me of mine. .First day for me too. Last week I was called into the boss's office because of too many late starts due to drinking. It was made clear to me that they were sick of my shit (in more managerial terms). It scared the shit out of me and made me realise I could lose my job and career because of this. 
