-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fnmp2/personality_seminar_at_work_reveals_strong/

I work in a giant corporation which has the resources to host day-long personality type info seminars...At one point we separated into different groups and were told to "plan a village festival". Each group came up with elaborate ways alcohol would be served (swim up bars areas with wristbands / all you could drink) and the group I was in probably spent 1/3 of the time planning this out. ..I'm not "out" with *anyone* at work about my struggles with alcohol and have only recently started divulging to new team members (I was promoted and moved into a new building) that I don't drink anymore. This exercise made me feel really left out but also reinforced how poorly I fit in with my old group (many of my ex-team members were part of that elaborate planning). ..I suppose I did get a good laugh though because the champions of Elaborate Drinking Stuff also wanted top notch babysitter / nanny areas at the event. I don't want children so the stark contrast really jumped out at me and at least one other woman who pointed out "how does the theme Drinks Fun and Family actually fit together?"..End rant. Looking forward to working more with my new work group who are more my peers and would not judge or ask endless personal questions / tease me for ordering orange juice instead of beer (yes this happened every time we had a mandatory function off site).
----------immediate responses--------

Drinking culture is insane - it's EVERYWHERE!  Stepping out of it finding passions that have nothing to do with drinking is like stepping off some mad carousel.  I'm glad your new work group is more accepting - sober on sobernaut!
Wait was the "village festival" supposed to be a drinking event? I grew up in Utah and I can promise you that if your business was based there it would have been a totally different seminar(!)...Do people really care what we drink? I mean we are the centers of the universe but I can think of a hundred other things that would interest me more!..Have a great day!
I don't mean to be a Debbie Downer but that sounds BORING. Sure lots of people enjoy drinking without a problem but having all events center around booze would bore even my friends who drink...Where are the fun activities? Stuff that will create great memories?..I guess it's not my thing. But create a fun board game event and I will give your "business" all my money!
that sounds awful! I'm so sorry. I also work for a huge corporation with a similar drinking culture; I've only told a few coworkers that I'm sober. it's insane how much time people spend talking about it. ..look forward - you have an awesome new group that will accept the New You as if it were the Always You no questions asked. 
I saw that you live in the Bay clicked on your profile and ended up reading this   I live here too and I think it's especially present in the Bay Area! ..At my company we were even incentivized with a prize last week. The prize: a bottle of champagne. They just assumed that would get everyone working hard. I think it's part of the Silicon Valley-inspired work hard/play hard culture...Needless to say I didn't pour an awful lot of energy into that contest.
