-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4fxztq/5_months_yesterday_then_today_i_hear_this/

I was sober for about three years not too long ago I started drinking again because I thought I could control it. I mean I was now an adult and adults can handle their drinking right?. I used excuses such as having to move working 16h days having no money and no vision of a safe future for my wife and kids It was one of the first times in my life where I couldn't say Don't worry honey things will work out. So I started drinking..Flash forward another three years or so and I am now at 5 months sober honey is not with me. I do mostly watch the kids due to our living arrangement after 6 month of binge drinking after my wife left I realized that this is no way for my kids to know me and eventually remember me as I QUITE! 5 months and one day and I hear this song got me crying in the car on the way to work. I am so damn proud of myself that I have made it this far I don't post much in this group but I read everyday not sure it would have been this easy without this group. Thank you to everyone it's good to know I am not the only one and that we can all do this one day at a time...http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/macklemore/startingover.html."Starting Over".(with Ryan Lewis). (feat. Ben Bridwell)...1 2 nah.. Those 3 plus years I was so proud of. And I threw  em all away for 2 Styrofoam cups. The irony everyone will think that he lied to me. Made my sobriety so public there's no fuckin' privacy. If I don't talk about it then I carry a date. 08-10-08 but now it's been changed. and every wanna put me in some box as a saint that I never was. it's the false prophet that never came. And will they think that everything that I've written has all been fake. Or will I just take my slip to the grave?. Uh what the fuck are my parents gonna say?. The success story that got his life together and changed. And you know what pain looks like. When you tell your dad you relapsed then look him directly into his face. The seat on your shoulder's the seemingly heavy weight. Haven't seen tears like this on my girl. In a while the trust that I once built's been betrayed. But I'd rather live telling the truth and be judged for my mistakes. Than falsely held up given props loved and praised. I guess I gotta get this on the page.. Feeling sick and helpless lost the compass where self is. I know what I gotta do and I can't help it. One day at a time is what they tell us. Now I gotta find a way to tell them. God help  em. Yeah one day at a time is what they tell us. Now I gotta find a way to tell them.. We fall so hard. Now we gotta get back what we lost... lost.... I thought you'd go. But you were with me all along... along..... And every kid that came up to me. And said I was the music they listened to when they first got clean. Now look at me a couple days sober. I'm fighting demons. Back of that meeting on the east side. Shaking tweakin' hope that they don't see it. Hope that no one is looking. That no one recognizes that failure under that hoodie. Was posted in the back with my hands crossed shooken. If they call on me I'm passing if they talk to me I'm booking out that door. But before I can make it somebody stops me and says "Are you Macklemore?. Maybe this isn't the place or time.. I just wanted to say that if it wasn't for Otherside I wouldn't have made it.". I just look down at the ground and say "Thank you.". She tells me she has 9 months and that she's so grateful. Tears in her eyes looking like she's gonna cry fuck!. I barely got 48 hours treated like I'm some wise monk. I wanna tell her I relapsed but I can't. I just shake her hand and tell her congrats. Get back to my car and I think I'm tripping yeah. 'Cause God wrote "Otherside" that pen was in my hand. I'm just a flawed man man I fucked up up. Like so many others I just never thought I would. I never thought I would didn't pick up the book. Doin' it by myself didn't turn out that good.. If I can be an example of getting sober. Then I can be an example of starting over. If I can be an example of getting sober. Then I can be an example of starting over.. We fall so hard. Now we gotta get back what we lost... lost.... I thought you'd go. But you were with me all along... along..... We fall so hard. Now we gotta get back what we lost... lost... 
----------immediate responses--------

I love that song. We're all human. I can relate to your story too. Thanks for posting - I haven't listened to this in a long time. Also your story of your SO leaving is a good reminder for me of what I could lose if I decide to drink again. Enjoy today :)
Wow hadn't heard that before. So raw and so good. Thanks for sharing and congratulations on taking care of yourself again.
My boys have had me listen to a couple of Macklemore's songs because they knew I'd like his message but I'd never heard this one. It really hit me hard. Great song and it speaks to the audience here. ..I also listened to Otherside which also deals with substance abuse...I'm not a fan of rap but Macklemore seems okay.  
This. Fucking. Song.. ..Man they played this in rehab and it was like a gut punch to the soul. It really hit me hard and Im a sucker for any music already. Good shit
I love Macklemore. This is a great song along with Otherside...While this song is about DXM it totally applies to alcohol as well...Thanks for sharing. I won't be drinking with you today.
I must have listened to this song on repeat for months last year. It was a great reminder of how I didn't want to start over. 
You may want to check out a song off his new album called "St. Ides"  ..It has certainly helped me... "I know the devil fancies me but that don't mean the mother-effer gets to dance with me"
