-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4g1med/23_year_old_problem_drinker/

I am not ready to call myself an "alcoholic." Both of my parents are sober my mom for 23 years and my dad off and on over the last 20 years.  I know a lot about addiction and I know that I am addicted to alcohol.  I drink daily to excessive drunkenness and cannot sleep without drinking because after a few hours of not drinking I get withdrawal...Those are the facts.  Here's the feelings:.I am 23.  I am popular.  I'm just having a good time and partying.  Nevermind that I have been hospitalized 3x in 4 months for drinking.  Nevermind that I can't function without it (or with it really...).  I'm not homeless I haven't lost my job I don't have any DUIs (not sure how...sheer fucking luck). I can't be an alcoholic.....I am writing this because I am in the contemplation stage of getting sober.  I'm tired of memory lapses passing out on sidewalks eating shitty food not knowing any of my friends last names and scaring my friends and family.  I am struggling so much with the idea of never drinking again as a 23 year old single female.  How do I function in the social and dating world with no alcohol? How do I see rock bottom without actually hitting it and turn this around while I can? Are there any other sober people my age out there?../endrant
----------immediate responses--------

24 years old here so not too far off from you. I have friends I go out. I have an apartment and a solid job as well and never got in trouble for drinking. I also spent the majority of my 23 year old age on my couch immobile from drinking too much throwing up in toilets pissing in bottles ruining my life. I forgot so many nights so many conversations. My friends would sometimes drag me along while I was drunk off my ass to places before they realized how drunk I was. But on paper I have no issues. ..Alcoholic is just a label. I consider myself one because when I start drinking I cannot stop and I have too many issues surrounding it. You don't have to call yourself that doesn't matter. If you don't want to drink again then do whatever you can to not drink. It sounds like it is causing way more harm than good for you anyways. ..I know a good amount of people that do a TON of things while sober. Going to the movies hanging out at a friend's place for game night going for runs and walks in the park. A group of us are going to an Escape Room this weekend and no drinking there. For dating tell the person you're dating you don't want to drink it's that simple. Go to the movies or at dinner don't order a drink and get water instead. If your SO understands you can do it...I don't think you hit rock bottom but you don't sound like you're in the best place when drinking. If you want to stop which from the sounds of it you do stick around here. There's lots of helpful people of all ages lot more people in their twenties than you may first think.
Sounds like alcohol is causing you problems. I can tell you from experience (35 yo) that it only gets worse if nothing changes. You might be at a juncture in your life. Which path will you choose?
I was always waiting for my 'bottom' moment. Nothing ever happened that made me think that I had gotten there. Bad things happened don't get me wrong but I never thought this is it. Now is when I stop.  ..For me instead of falling it was like walking down a staircase.  It was so gradual that I didn't notice how far down I had gone until I looked up. ..I was never homeless jobless or arrested either. Like you don't know how that happened. I'm 29 and when I first started drinking it was fun. My friend used to say "We can have fun while being sober but why start a fire with sticks when we have a lighter?" .And we all laughed...And then I burned my 20s to the ground. 
Being in my twenties I really resisted the idea of doing anything serious about my drinking because of the daunting prospect of never drinking again. It's why I kept trying moderation despite a 100% track record of failure. I just kept bucking against the idea that I couldn't drink at all. ..And having an apartment a decent job no criminal record or major health problems (yet) I was a problem drinker sure but an alcoholic? Nah no way...I went to my first AA meeting last night and for every person who shared I found yet another behaviour thought or experience to nod to relate to or just think damn that's me they're describing me...I'll be honest I'm still struggling with the thought that even in my sixties I won't be able to have a glass of wine with a special dinner but I can 100% say I am an alcoholic. .
