-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4g6nen/does_it_ever_get_easier/

I'm 23 and been drinking since 19. Currently 2 weeks sober and I'm so anxious for a drink right now I'm bout to go mad.   Does it get easier or will this yearning stay like this forever? If it keeps up I fear I might  relapse 
----------immediate responses--------

It gets better; much better. Hang in there.
It gets a LOT better ! Just take it one day at a time.   And treat yourself to something like ice cream when you get a craving.    Have some sparking water with a slash of cranberry juice and a bowl of popcorn and watch a movie.  Keep reading posts here for encouragement!!   You can do this!!!! 
If it didn't get easier I would NOT be at 238 days!  The first month really is the hardest part.  I know you can do it just hang in there --You can do this!
[removed]
For me the urges started lessening in frequency and strength over time. It took me time adjusting to being sober - my first few months I kept myself distracted - gaming reading walks etc. After 4 months I realized I could do this I started focusing on building the right balance into my sober life things have been pretty easy most of the time since then. I know nothing good awaits me the other side of the line and whilst life itself isn't always easy I'm truly thankful to be present in it at last.
Yes and no I'm not gonna lie at least in my still fairly short experience the daily cravings and that voice in your head saying you NEED a drink really does subside quite a bit the cravings are fewer and further between usually less powerful too. However that opens up a whole slew of other problems where you start thinking that you're fine and can drink again etc. And also in my short experience I can tell you I still get some pretty serious cravings once and a while. Whether it gets easier or not I can't say what I can promise is that it gets better a hell of a lot better or at least for me it did. ..I started to notice that pretty much every aspect of my life has improved or at least become more manageable in varying degrees. My life has gotten so so much better so now when I have those cravings that little stupid person inside me telling me to have just one it'll be okay I feel much more confident when I tell him to go fuck himself because I have proof that I like living sober. For me it's starting to be less about how I felt while I was drinking and more about how I feel now being sober. I used to not drink because I didn't like me drunk and bad shit happened now that almost seems irrelevant even if I could drink socially I have come to value and truly enjoy being sober that's why I don't drink....Stick with it friend I'll gladly not drink with you today and tomorrow. Happy 24.
Can only speak for myself but the first month was the most difficult the second half of the month was easier. .Don't be afraid to have a chat to a doctor if you're really having a struggle. Even just saying your problems out loud might help...
For me it started to get WAY better when I started focusing on building the life I wanted to live and stopped  focusing on what I thought I was missing out on. 
Yes it indeed gets easier!  Here's a post from yesterday.  See people's comments: [Not Drinking is Hard Sober Living is Effortless](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4g2y3t/not_drinking_is_draining_sober_living_seems/) .
Goes up and down. I am nearing a year.... Again and I want to drink more now than I have in the last 6-7 months. For me I have been sober so "long" my confidence is what becomes my enemy. Forgetting how much I hated that drunk I left behind. I haven't thought much about booze much in the last year but things are going fucking fantastic for my wife and I and for whatever reason now I really miss having a couple beers. I don't miss whiskey at all and I don't miss getting wasted but let's be real given time a few beers here and there will lead to whiskey and getting trashed. Maybe in 6 months of a couple beers here and there but it will come. Then excuses. Then the drunk fuck is back. 
Hang on; it gets easier. However without help I would not have been able to stay sober nor would I have learned the necessary skills to stay sober. Therapy and AA gave me the necessary tools to cope with life. 
It gets better...Have you consulted with your physician? When I first quit last spring I didn't really have that hard of a time at first with withdrawals. I mean I did for the first few days but then nothing (later learning that this was detoxing not withdrawing) and everything seemed fine at first but then the PAWS (Post Acute Withdrawal Symptoms) started. Everyone told me they would get better and to just hang in there. Bite my tongue. Go to more meetings. Nothing was working though. Every day that went by made my symptoms exponentially worse. I was losing control of my fine motor function ability to concentrate even my speech was sometimes slurred or studdering for no reason. I was going absolutely insane and everyone just kept telling me that I was fine hang in there it'll get better. ..Then I relapsed...Holy shit did I feel a million times better. I was never going to try to put down the drink again for as long as I live. But not even 24 hours went by before I realized that I wasn't really any better once the initial euphoria wore off. In fact I was even worse than I was before I took the drink! WTF?! I just couldn't figure out what was going on. I drank and drank and drank some more. Enough in fact that I started to think that I was subconsciously trying to kill myself because it was more alcohol than a human should be able to consume. ..Then I ended up in the ER. ..This is where it gets better though I promise. It was in the ER that I was given a different direction. I was referred to a different type of program in my area than the abstinence based one I had attended earlier in the year. This was a dual diagnosis program that wanted to treat depression and anxiety at the same time as alcoholism. I started taking an antidepressant and Naltrexone (see below) and felt better within days. Within two weeks there was nothing. No depression no cravings no drinking no sleepless nights. As it turned out my problem wasn't that I was feeling depressed because I was drinking as I was told before and that everything would magically be better as soon as I stopped drinking it was that **I was drinking *because* I was already depressed** and I was making it worse by drinking. I could stop drinking but that didn't actually make it better and coupled with my brain no longer having the drug that helped it cope I went literally crazy. All I had to do was treat the cause of the problems which in my case was actually depression not drinking. I still needed to stop drinking but in a different way than the typical AA/abstinence program way. Apparently about 10% of alcoholics are like this whether they realize it or not. ..**TLDR: yes it will get better but if you feel like it's getting worse that might be an indication of depression and you should consult with your physician about "dual diagnosis" or "co-occurring disorders".**..(*Naltrexone: this is a medication that helps with your cravings for alcohol but also blocks the way alcohol makes your brain feel so when/if you do take a drink it doesn't do anything for you and if it's not making you drunk you tend to not want to keep drinking something that is actually poison. It does not make you sick however. That is Antabuse and doesn't work that well [it needs to be taken in a supervised dose every day]. Naltrexone is also an opiate blocker however [this is how opiates and alcohol addiction are similar in that they both use the same receptors to create a positive response] so it's important to take into consideration if you need to take opiate based pain medication [which you should probably stop if you are an alcoholic] and will need to be able to communicate to emergency workers in case of an emergency.*)
It most definitely does. Keep it up! 
I got sober at 23 too. It got way easier for me. Don't really think about it at all now. But don't take my word for it there's only one way to find out... Stay sober!
