-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4g9fx5/overcoming_fear_hearing_your_authentic_self/

Today I am halfway through my day 6. It has been a very rough few days this time. I cannot count the number of times I have been here in this first week. Slowly I am starting to feel like myself again....For me alcohol and drugs have always been medicine. I firmly believe the cure for addiction is social and human connection. At least the way I experience it. Since 2009 I have had many long stints of abstinence. 30 days 60 days 90 days six months eight months three years. I have spent more days sober than in active addiction by a landslide. And yet over the last two years I have struggled desperately to return to a place where chemically altered states have no value for me. I had that and then found myself in a relationship with a drinker who made me feel like I was missing out isolated and separated from him and everyone else. I let the idea and glamour that alcohol promises seduce me into thinking I had changed and would be able to handle it again. That I would do it differently. I didn't. I can't. ...Over these years through therapy and yoga and meditation and study and writing I have developed alternate coping mechanisms. But the last two years I returned to the thinking that alcohol and drugs are gateways to exciting worlds or fun and freedom that I cannot enter sober. I convinced myself that even though my intuition and inner compass screams out to me that ingesting booze and drugs is wrong I have wanted so much to be carefree and connect with friends and just have "fun" like everyone else. I have a very healthy respect for drugs because I have learned a great deal about myself through their occasional use (psychedelics MDMA). Resoundingly my experiences over the last year have shown me that I do not need to go out there anymore. The universe and its love are accessible to me in higher forms through natural healthy compassionate means and my authentic intuitive inner voice knows that I am done with peering into my darkness....My fear is that I will continue to fight what I know is true for me. That I will let that addictive voice whisper in my ear and tell me I am missing out on feeling amazing and building relationships through chemical bonding. That I will let other people's fear that I will permanently change ignite that fear in myself that it is not possible. Once you acknowledge your own truth your own path it doesn't matter how badly you want it to be different you can never go back to not seeing yourself. ...My only path to peace comfort joy self compassion health and calm is through long term sobriety. The only way I can do that is by looking at that darkness that desire to unwind myself and treating it with care and kindness. We are not our addictions or our behavior but those things are part of us. Our experiences make us who we are and the scars remind us of our powerful capacity to heal and to grow and to change. Every failure becomes a success the minute you start to learn from it. We know what is true for us or we wouldn't be here. It doesn't matter what our families or friends or partners do in regards to booze. It doesn't matter that other people may choose to careen through life in a drugged up tipsy haze. All that matters is that we recognize within ourselves that alcohol stands between us and the life we deserve. ...I am afraid I cannot quit forever but when I examine that fear I see that really it's my addiction screaming out because it knows that I can. Today and every day I choose not to drink I am shining a light of compassion onto myself. All of me the light and the dark. ...I am not afraid. I am relieved and elated and grateful. ...Thank you for not drinking with me today..
----------immediate responses--------

Beautifully written. Thanks for sharing this meditation. I will not drink with you today!
Very inspiring . 
Thank you guys. It really helps to let it out and know that you all understand. Saying you're afraid out loud knocks a lot of the wind out of it. That's why this place is the best. 
how do you describe your authentic self? 
Your post is the most important thing I've read here since I've joined. Every single word you wrote resonated with me so deeply so profoundly that I cannot thank you enough for taking the time to write them out. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
