-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gazhn/relapsed_but_could_be_best_thing_ever/

This last Thursday I worked a half day because of a back problem. The pain I was in caused me to rationalize getting some booze to take home so I could relax away the pain. I had had a wonderful conversation with my wife about how I could rely on her help more I had been keeping alot of struggling from her. The last thing I remember was having my first drink around 1:30pm. Then I woke up around 3am in a piss filled bed covered in piss. I seriouly thought for a minute about killing myself. There was a note stating that my wife was staying the night elsewhere but that she loved me. That was the bad new.....The good news is that even though I was angry and guilty and felt like a total ass I didn't feel defeated. I felt a steely eyed determination to destroy this monster. I feel an excited determination to not drink at all. I've enjoyed choosing not to drink the last 3 days. I'm actually feeling excited about staying sober!! I'm not really sure what's different this time. But as I was cleaning up the mess I had made and doing loads and loads or laundry I felt fed up and and a huge amount of discussed about myself. But again it wasn't in a defeated hopeless feeling. ..My wife and I had a very productive and calm conversation Friday morning. This weekend has went very well! A page has turned my friends!! And I'm so excited!..Thank you so much for letting me gush and for your support!!
----------immediate responses--------

I have yet to see a single instance where relapse turned out to be a good thing let alone the best thing ever. Denial and delusion come in many forms. .
If there's a lesson learned or resolve gained that can become a mistake that isn't repeated then good for you. I wish you well in that determination. That sounds easier than my defeated start at the beginning.
Obviously I wish it never happened. I wish I never developed a drinking problem. What I was trying to share is that through this journey of achieving and maintaining sobriety I feel really encouraged going forward from this relapse it wasn't my first and I was under the impression that most people relapse at some point in their journey. I just feel different after this one. Not cocky confidence. Just optimism. 
Good for you for getting your focus back! The last ten months of my drinking were awful promising myself it was the last time every time. Relapses happen and my opinion is that recognizing that isn't the same as condoning it. Not being consumed by the guilt not giving up and having the courage to try again is huge! Thanks for posting!
I can relate to pissing the bed. Super humiliating and embarrassing but it comes in the territory. Just think about today. If you don't pick up today you won't piss yourself tonight . .This sub had been amazing the last 3 days for me. 3 days is a long time for Someone who drinks like me like us..Welcome.
[deleted]
