-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gc2fh/hellos_and_questions/

I've been lurking here for a while masquerading under various accounts and have tried quitting a few times basically unsuccessfully. After a weekend visiting a friend during which we drank way too much we decided enough was enough and to quit. So that will be happening and any advice is always really appreciated...Aside from saying hey to the friendliest subreddit around though I had some questions I was hoping you guys could chime in on. They're more about your stories than how-do-I-do-this (sorry if they've been asked before). There are a ton of stories here I'd love to hear...*1. A lot of people here (I could be wrong though usually am) have some rock bottom moment that causes them to quit but I don't read many stories about other more gradual paths to sobriety. If you had an experience like that could you share? *..*2. Similar question about relapses: a lot of them seem to happen after dramatic life events but I'd love to hear about people's experiences with those more 'slow-burn' relapses that creep up on us. What happened? How long in the making was the relapse? What lessons did you take away from it?*. .*3. This subreddit is remarkably friendly and supportive but all our stories about the various faces of addiction can be pretty dark. Does anyone have any funny or light-hearted sobriety stories they'd like to share?*..Thanks guys! Can't wait to read what y'all have to say. And I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

2. It's very common that boredom catches up with us or complacency. Not have triggered relapses I started to think I was okay and a little bored then it was back to where I started...Can't contribute to either of the others!
I went through roughly a year long relapse for the tail end of 2014 and all of 2015...I quit in the summer of 2014 and was sober for four months. That was the first time I had been sober for an extended period since my substance abuse started (previous times I would make it a week or two sometimes more sometimes less). During those four months I got a more thorough feel for what a sober life could potentially be like but I was white-knuckling it. I didn't have a program in place to help me stay sober. I just kind of distracted myself. And I remember during that time I kept telling myself that during Thanksgiving and Christmas I could allow myself a few drinks because I couldn't imagine celebrating the holidays without alcohol. My family members I drank with would be home. I just kind of thought it would all be okay. I didn't think much of it. I was proud I had made it four months and I honestly thought it would be nice to celebrate with my family the only way I knew how since I graduated high school: drunk. Not in a bad way. I was pretty happy. It was a happy time in my life. I went overboard though. I drank more during that holiday season than I ever had before. In 2015 it continued and escalated. ..My recovery started well before that four month stint in 2014. It began probably a few years before when I first began to see myself as an alcoholic. Once that happened I had many many "quit dates" and random strings of days and or/weeks interspersed throughout. I think admitting to myself that I was an alcoholic was the start of recovery for me because even if it took a few years to finally gain some months sober it at least pointed me in that direction...But last year...well it scared me. It truly freaked me out the things I did. I was willing to wager some of the most important things in my life for another big binge. Just toss everything I worked for to the curb. All for that next manic freaking binge that I would drag out for days and weeks. I realized I had to stop for good...My relapse did not happen as a result of a dramatic life event. It happened because I didn't see myself as a person in recovery. I wasn't carving out a sober lifestyle that was *fulfilling* and because of that I still saw alcohol as an opportunity for fulfillment. I still saw family as an excuse and reason to drink. And most importantly: *I wasn't ready.* I still had to say my goodbyes to drinking the most reliable release I depended on for the past eight years. And as a result it made my final goodbye so much easier. No bitterness. No longing. 
While everyone's path is different if one stays on this path the mileposts along the way are the same and they conclude at the same location (similar to  all roads lead to Rome ).  The distance between them is where the differences manifest.  Here are the 5 mile markers:..1. Intoxicated...2. Incapacitated...3.  Incarcerated...4.  Institutionalized...5.  Interred...Bottoms:  Similar to  each path being different' each bottom happens in a unique manner.  My favorite description of how you know it's time to stop is when  the rate at which my life deteriorates is faster than the rate at which I can lower my standard of living.    However you have noted that a preponderance of stories of the  crash and burn'  cataclysmic' nature.  Irrespective of whether it's gradual or instantaneous I do believe that they all share experiencing a  Moment of Clarity  when I realize I can't go on like this.  ..There's an anecdote about boiling a frog.   If you put a frog into a pot of boiling water it will jump out.  If instead you put the frog in a pot of cool water and gradually increase the heat the frog will sit still and slowly cook.   My moment of clarity was progressive and chronic similar to the frog.  I did not experience the cataclysmic events.  I might have been better off and stopped sooner if so if I'd been plunged into boiling water.  For me it was a slow erosion of my physical emotional and spiritual aspects of life.  It was noticing that I was numb and uncaring about those aspects.  It was recognizing that I was self-centered selfish self-indulgent and that I had lost my compass.  It was when I realized that I spent mental energy to ensure that I would have alcohol to consume.  ..Finally if you read the posts the predominate themes include  Here's my story I'm offering it because I need help or I'm offering it because I've seen others struggling and this may serve as support.   The overwhelming majority are written from the  I ...So here goes:   I  am interested in you and your journey and struggles if you are trying to stop or control your drinking.  It's unclear from your post what your struggle is and how you are going about improving your condition.  Rather I perceive your post as a kind of voyeurism and the questions are about the struggles and suffering of others sometimes at their wits end sometimes a hair's width from ending it all.  I perceive a hint of  it would be entertaining if I heard about such and such.   ..Please accept my apologies if I'm off base.  I can't change my perceptions but can modify my thoughts with your inputs.  ..Perhaps if you wrote about  your  journey; about  your  struggles' if you disclosed  your" private foibles that are humorous gradual rock bottom or light hearted it might inspire others to do so...Peace be with you.  Just for Today I Don't Drink with You.  .
&gt; 2. Similar question about relapses: a lot of them seem to happen after dramatic life events..That is the exact opposite of how things work. You did not learn that  lurking here...
