-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gdg50/my_drinking_dreams_help_me_experience_relapses/

I dream often about drinking. Generally I drink whiskey in my dreams because I'd sneak whiskey swigs at work do quick whiskey shots at restaurants while my girlfriend used the restroom so she wouldn't see me drink several shots of whiskey before meeting friends so that I could reach my required level of drunk without having to worry about my friends judging me for drinking so much. Etc etc.  Always hiding the drinking suffering shame for drinking instead of abstaining drinking the whiskey to forget the shame hiding the whiskey I drank.  .    .I feel this same cycle of shame and regret during my drinking dreams.  I hate the dreams for this treatment.  Dream Me is usually current Me which is to say that in my dreams Dream Me has given up drinking already.  Dream Me knows how long I've been sober. So when Dream Me drinks Dream Me relapses.  I feel the regret that relapse brings me I think about resetting my badge in some dreams. I feel weak and stupid and can't believe I succumbed. I awake with panic; did I drink last night?   The regret lingers after waking and it's the post-drunk regret I've been accustomed to.   .  .I used to hate my drinking dreams. But lately I'm changing my mind.  I can have all the negative emotions of relapse to remind me how much I loathe Relapse Me but without all the sustaining emotional pain of actually relapsing?  Sounds too good to be true!  Actually it sounds awful I'm sure but to Regular Old Alcoholic Me it's a strange blessing.    .  .In a way I believe I deserve the fleeting discomfort of a drinking dream.  It's a small price to pay for the actual discomfort and pain that my real drinking problem causes me and the people close to me.  I don't have to enjoy dreaming about booze.  But just like my urge to drink those dreams will be there and how I react to that urge or those dreams is what will keep me sober.  .  .Thanks for letting me share.  Have a good day y'all!
----------immediate responses--------

Yes! I had my first one last night. I was also sober me and knew i had just gotten 30 days. I was so upset with myself for drinking! I'm kind of at peace with now that I'm awake. getting sober has come with a lot of emotional and physical experiences that are new to me and I tend to observe them and accept them as part of the process. 
I had a really bad drinking dream on Friday night. The whole day was just a complete bust from start to finish. In my dream I cracked beer after beer and woke up in tears because I thought I had slipped...Couldn't shake the feeling of regret until after lunch but I'm glad it was just from dream-drinking and not real-drinking...Sober on friend!
I agree! I haven't had any drinking dreams yet this time around I assume they'll kick in soon now that I've passed the one week mark. But in past attempts to get sober the dreams helped me stay sober another day. The immense regret and then the immense relief when I woke up and realized I hadn't actually drank gave me the push I needed.
I can relate to this for sure. As i've posted about many times here I've been going back and forth in my mind contemplating a relapse. Last night I had an incredibly realistic drinking dream and I felt so guilty and awful about it that I woke up with new resolve to stay sober today. 
Drinking dream: check. .Relapse regret: check..Badge reset remorse: check..Drinking dream is a strange blessing: Huh. Well I'll be... I never saw it like that OP. ..I think I like that idea. I get to have a refreshing slap in the virtual face of making dumb decisions without actually making said dumb decisions. ..Genius! Thanks for the new perspective!
I'm not an addict but I know that I need to watch myself with certain substances. I have to say that you're lucky because even though I'm not an alcoholic or a narcotic abuser I regularly take breaks from substances. I usually go a month or two without anything and what really gets to me every time is when I have dreams of doing drugs/drinking. ..They usually involve me searching relentlessly for a specific substance and it takes an entire night of exhausting efforts. I run to this dealer's house but they're all out so I text others frantically. One answers tells me to go meet him I run all the way to the drop-off location but he's not there because I took too long to get here. I start texting again and the cycle repeats itself. ..At the end of the dream I'm standing there out of breath and I've finally just begun to ingest the substance after what seems like the most draining experience of my life and I stand there waiting for the stuff to kick in but I wake up immediately after taking the stuff. It sucks because I'm always left with a horrid temptation all day long to cheat on my "breaks."
