-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gfc6o/when_i_attend_aa_i_find_myself_intensely/

Hi - I sincerely hope this post does not come across offensive to anybody.  What I want to mention is totally *my own* issue.  But through countless attempts at AA I have an issue that I can't seem to shake.  ..Often a person will speak/share and explain that they are a grateful recovering alcoholic taking it one day at a time and have been sober since... like 2001 or 1997 or 2004 or 1981 or whatever.....And for some reason my mind immediately shifts to *"Jesus f#cking christ is this my fate????"*.  It feels profoundly unsettling.  Like I will never ever live a remotely normal existence but rather I can only hope to keep fatal addiction at bay for a 24 hour time period at best. Even the term "in recovery" seems upsetting to me.  ..Am I just looking at this all wrong? Perhaps AA isn't the right program for me (keep in mind I've probably been to roughly 40-50 meetings at this point).  Is there any school of thought surrounding alcoholism that accepts its severity but also suggests that one can eventually move past it or at the very least I won't be living this daily struggle forever?..Once again I don't mean to offend anybody and thanks to all on this board.  
----------immediate responses--------

This is very very common. Almost all AA beginners react like this. You're definitely not alone.  .  .Most of the time those who have been sober for a long time just quit assuming they'd come back to it eventually. But then after a while of sobriety just decided it was better and stuck with it. Also - no one joins AA planning to quit for X number of years. They just take it one day at a time and keep seeing reasons for continuing to stay sober after they notice how their life has slowly gotten better. Then after a while of reforming their lives and no longer feeling the need for alcohol why go back to it? Why re-introduce something that was a problem for them that they're perfectly happy without? It's little reward for a lot of risk.  . .You might find a different way - but it's not uncommon for beginners to react this way. Don't let it get to you just focus on your recovery and take it one day at a time. There will be plenty of time to decide down the road if you want to moderate or simply remain abstinent.  .  .All the best to you! Good luck!
&gt; but rather I can only hope to keep fatal addiction at bay for a 24 hour time period at best...That's what I do as well and I am around for 5 years.  The days add up if you stick with it.  Nothing is forever we only have today.
I found it depressing too. But I don't worry about the future anymore I just worry about today :)
There were a bunch of things in early recovery in AA that I had a giant  eye-roll reaction to. Very few of them bother me in the least now partly because I have accepted that my life is FAR better with AA and sobriety than it was without and partly because I take what I can use and leave the rest. I guess in your situation I would ask myself "is AA making my life better or worse than it was prior?"
I still go to 3 meetings a week because I enjoy them...I like the people some of whom are my friends I like hearing our successes I like being of service occasionally to newcomers I hear what I need to stay on track.  Hey it's a pretty good fate..Better than the alternative.   
Just because someone is at a meeting for one hour a week doesn't mean they are battling with staying sober the rest of the time. I have been sober a long time; my life is full and well balanced. I rarely if ever have a craving and never seriously consider having a drink. It is easy; second nature. Also people with long-term sobriety often come to meetings because of a desire to give hope to newcomers or to see friends. ..I live a very normal existence. There is no daily struggle. It left a long time ago. I accept the severity of alcoholism and have a healthy fear of alcohol but I am at peace. ..
&gt; Is there any school of thought surrounding alcoholism that accepts its severity but also suggests that one can eventually move past it or at the very least I won't be living this daily struggle forever?..I haven't struggled or seriously wanted to drink in years. I've never been a part of any sort of group.  I never saw value in defining my life by what isn't in it.  Who cares ya know?  Move on...But that's me. It may not be you. 
&gt; And for some reason my mind immediately shifts to "Jesus f#cking christ is this my fate????". It feels profoundly unsettling. Like I will never ever live a remotely normal existence but rather I can only hope to keep fatal addiction at bay for a 24 hour time period at best. Even the term "in recovery" seems upsetting to me...So what's so upsetting about seeing your future like their future? Is it that you're-still-going-to-AA-after-all-these-years thing? Is it the cannot-fathom-sobriety-for-that-long thing? Or do they seem high and mighty up there on the podium? I ask because usually when I see newcomers take issue with oldtimers who aren't directly interacting with them it falls under one of those things...If I'm off base please tell me.
I went through an existential struggle with AA - is it my life or is it part of my life?..Personally I believe I am a recovered alcoholic as I don't feel that urge to drink anymore. I feel that because I have done the 12 Steps and resolved my alcohol problem I'm just like a normal person with the caveat that I have a **severe** intolerance/allergy for alcohol. My wife can't drink milk I can't drink alcohol. It's as simple as that. ..Being an addict wasn't somehow that I did to myself - it's just the way I am. I have to take special precautions because of it. That's it. 
[removed]
My own thoughts on "living this daily struggle" changed as time went on. My first months of sobriety I couldn't fathom how I was going to be able to one day say "I've been sober since 2014".  I didn't know if I was going to get through any particular week let alone the rest of my dang life. But I knew the alternative of going back out I was more than likely going to kill myself.  ..For me my drinking was like going into the ring continuously with a prize fighter. I was losing every time and I knew it. But I kept going back in for more. It was exhausting to be so beat up but still feeling like I *needed* and *wanted* more punishment. It was a losing fight for me. So one day I stopped stepping into the ring. Alcohol you win. I understand how bad this is but I'm done. On any given day alcohol will beat me in the ring. Once I realized that I could actually stop getting my ass kicked by a clearly superior opponent that was the moment things started to change for me. I wanted to know what it felt like to not get my ass kicked. ..I started re-framing my thinking about the whole thing. I know that I'm not drinking today - forget the rest of my life I am gonna get through TODAY sober. The hard part for me was my first few weeks. After that I had first hand proof that I was able to not drink and live a somewhat normal existence. Coming up on 2 years my daily life is anything but a struggle. I'm the one doing the ass kicking these days(figuratively speaking). Sure I've had some ups and downs but drinking has never really been a concern. I do my own thing and life is good. I /used/ to drink. A lot. Now I just don't. [Life goes on :)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5oC0v-BDbE) 
Life Ring is a good alternative to A.A.   No dogma or sponsors or "this is the only way" mentality. 
I found when I switched to smart recovery there was a very different mentality about 'recovery time' and meeting attendance. I haven't 'moved past' it so to speak but I don't struggle with the not drinking thing  as in I just dont drink now. Don't really miss it dont think of it fondly anymore. It's not some thing that comes up day to day because Ive built my life around sober activities...That being said having aa meetings to go to was awesome in early sobriety and I made a lot of sober friends which can be pretty daunting! It's probably being parroted to you already but it's a day to do thing it doesn't have to be forever. Lots of people do stay in the program for years but a lot of people don't continue going to meetings have you ever noticed that there are a lot of newcomers and old timers but very few people in between 7- 20 years? A lot of people take breaks from  meetings. It does get repetitive. I must have worked the steps 6 or 7 times before asking myself why I wasn't trying something new. Aa was a good foundation for me and I still occasionally go but to a much lesser extent.
Yes.  It gets better.  Alcohol is not my problem.  I am my problem.  ..I wil sometimes say "hello I'm XYZ I'm a Selfoholic with an alcohol allergy."..There are plenty of people who attend one meeting a week or even once a month.  They're stable and secure.  Each persons journey is unique.  ..Not Drinking was hard for me.  [Sober Living Seems Effortless](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4g2y3t/not_drinking_is_draining_sober_living_seems/).  
Lots of good thoughts here! I'd just say that I think people stick around for a variety of reasons. Many feel like they have an obligation to be there for the newcomer and I think that is noble. If nothing else AA is reliable! I always knew that there would be someone at a meeting if I needed it. Other people I think do feel that that they need to stay active in AA to succeed. I don't think I've met anyone with multiple years of sobriety that are struggling not to drink everyday whatever program they use. I have let AA go for now but I'm not opposed to returning in the future if I want to. I don't struggle daily anymore I haven't in years but I feel the need to stay active somehow if only because I am grateful for the people that were there when I needed them..
I was blessed to feel at home in meetings very early on.  I go today to fulfill my mission of helping others.  I have compassion for those who acclimate to the program more slowly.  My experience only suggests keep coming back until you want to.  Like it is said "don't leave before the miracle happens".  Grateful to be here and to be an alcoholic in recovery.
Look this pattern of thinking is going to change. After awhile depends on the person but it will come to "I'm so glad I don't drink anymore" or "Quitting was the smartest choice I ever made". You stop thinking like someone totally dependent on the booze. The thinking changes. You get better.
yeah it gets a whole lot better. have you shared this specific thought at a meeting though? I'd try that. If you really don't feel the connection to AA you don't have to go. it's not the only way to stay sober. I've had periods where I don't vibe with it at all but I continue to go for the connection with others and the values it teaches me to practice. Also self-awareness is a good thing to have! 
I had problems because the groups in my town seemed like it was a game of oneupmanship.  In my drinking days I drank a case a night in my day I drank two case a night etc etc.  they seemed proud yet remorseful somewhat.  It was really disconcerting.  My sponsor started the stories with me too and I just couldn't take it.  I've been lone wolfing ever since. I read the book I'm working the steps at my pace and without the games.
There's an easy mathematical answer to this - think of all the people NOT there. When you're in a huge meeting (I've been to meetings with 500+) there will be 30 people celebrating 1 year that month 20 celebrating 2 years 15 3 years etc down to 1 or 2 celebrating 12 years. It's not because all those people with more sobriety started drinking again they just didn't need meetings anymore or only go rarely. Some people need to go their whole lives - most don't. If everybody that got sober kept going to meetings their whole lives you wouldn't be able to fit in any room.
[removed]
To be perfectly honest I have a hard time with "normies". I realised that most carry their load of crap -- the famous 85 % of the problem that does not come from the bottle. However many don't see it or don't want  to deal with it. Therefore I feel better with members. My sober buddies are funny they always keep their word and can switch to listening mode whenever required. It is certainly not a punishment to spend a lifetime with them.
If you believe in the AA teaching then you have to believe you have a disease that can't be cured and you forever have to take it a day at a time or "just for today" and work on steps go to meetings have a sponsor be a sponsor...FOREVER. There is no graduation from AA...I don't think AA is correct. So I took a different path. Not sure why we give alcohol such special status but I think if it as just any other drug like nicotine or heroin or cocaine etc. Once you quit you've quit. But if you pick up and have a cigarette or have a drink you are putting yourself at a very high risk of getting the exact same problem or worse...Once you quit you should be able to live just like everyone else. There are people in this world that don't drink. They don't want to drink. They aren't missing out on anything and they are normal people...In the end people get exactly what they want out of treatment and recovery. If they want the AA type of life they get that. If they want something else they get that. You get what you want if you put the effort into it. 
I go there to give hope to new people. You really want to get better in the company of people with no experience staying sober for more than three years? You'd rather they abandoned you and didn't share their wisdom? Nothing better than an old person sober 30 years who can tell me what it's like to navigate the years I haven't seen yet sober with a history like mine. I'm 30. Sticking around to give aid lifelong is not a requirement for membership! But that motivates many of us.
AA is not a life sentence. It's a bridge back. ..I've been an AA member for over 18 years. I don't buy into the daily reprieve based on my spiritual condition but I do buy into the fact that I can't drink safely and that if I slip back into old ways of thinking and acting then a drink may start becoming a more attractive option...I attended lots and lots of meetings in early recovery and I also took the steps which helped forge new ways of thinking and acting about other people and my place in the world. Which in turn led to freedom from the bondage of alcohol. I rarely think of drinking and when I do it's not obsessively. I'm too busy living the life I always wanted to...So the good news is that you don't have to attend AA for the rest of your life - use it as long as it's useful to you...I still attend meetings (though I've gone long periods of not going to meetings) as it's a place where I can help other people. I don't talk much about my "drinking career" as I've been sober for 3 times longer than I drank. I talk about how I have stayed sober even when the hit hit the fan...For me going to meetings is volunteer work. And for this alcoholic helping other people is a wonderful thing that makes me feel good. As my first sponsor said self-esteem can come from doing esteemable acts.
I tried a group for awhile. It helped tremendously at first because it forced me to admit my alcohol abuse to other people. After awhile though I got tired of hearing and telling the same stories over and over. Frankly I got bored with it and found a sort of resolve in myself to not drink instead an inner voice that one day told alcohol to fuck off out of my life.The important thing I think is to stay sober. However you or anyone else accomplishes that is their own path with your own definition of sobriety. 
i think it's totally normal to feel resistance to stuff especially in early days? i felt like all of what you've described at some point but it's gone now. ..i was really horrified at what i thought was the ~life that lay ahead of me~ based upon what i heard of other sober ppl sharing about their lives in the rooms and i thought fuck...this is my shit life from now on great. like hearing about people binge watching netflix and being happy with it was the worst. but that's their life based on their choices just because you're sober doesn't mean you're resigned to a mediocre life. you'll also hear amazing stories about the stuff people are doing and can do as a result of their sobriety. i definitely listened out for those people more and the longer you're around the more you'll see/hear/talk to those ppl...i also felt incredibly doomed - like it was going to be a real struggle to stay away from alcohol (it hasn't been really but i have put in work and attended a ton of meetings and my life has really changed). as you stick around your life will change and it'll be less about avoiding alcohol or a physical dependence and more about how to deal with your head and where it takes you...the first few months of sobriety are so liberating/eye opening that if you stay around for a few more months you'll feel differently. i can ttly get why you'd feel like that - and i can if i don't tell myself the above bits. it's what you choose to get from it as opposed to letting fear and horror rule ur head...!! x
I've heard this said before and to a degree what you disturbs me because at times I feel the same way. But I also get the AA message. I'm 63 years old and have struggled with addictions goin back to when I was 18. It would seem I've saved alcohol for the final ( I hope) final battleground. But somehow I've managed to navigate the last 45 years without the help ( until now ) of NACA or AA. But I find myself irritated when I hear the things you refer to and I've been in AA for 3 1/2 years but only sober for about half that time intermittently. But I figured something out recently. When the AA cliche that's says " you have decided you want what we have " from chapter 5 page 58 of the " Big Book " was read from How it Works at the beginning of most AA meetings I really asked myself " do I?  Do I really belong here. Can't I figure this out myself like I did every other thing in life ( I always had some form of help though). But now that I realize people just coming into AA are blowing by me in their struggle for sobriety. So the ONE thing I really want that they have is to be able to say I've been sober since ( fill in the blank) and I don't want to say" if it wasn't for a slip here and a slip there I would haven sober for whatever. And you know I hate all the damn cliches in AA (not just AA. I hate all cliches) but I really am sick and tire of being sick and tired. I'm not ready to gamble on how many guardian Angels I'll have. Good luck and stop stop trying. 
&gt;Is there any school of thought surrounding alcoholism that accepts its severity but also suggests that one can eventually move past it or at the very least I won't be living this daily struggle forever?..That's literally a "promise" in the 10th step in AA. "By these point we have stopped fighting anyone or anything even alcohol."..The people with long term sobriety in a meeting are probably not there because it's between a meeting and drinking that day. They're there to show the ones for whom that's true that it will get better.
After thirteen and a half years I still attend AA. I don't feel broken anymore but I still go because it makes me feel better when I'm down or confused. The fellowship note is a way to stay in touch with friends that help me through some tough and confusing times...It's like eating salads for lunch. You really don't want to have a salad. You'd much rather have a burger or a pizza. But when you have a salad you feel better. When you have regular salads your health improves and you lose weight from all the pizza you ate lady several months. It's maintenance...Also if old timers didn't go to meetings who would teach the newcomers how it works? Similarly newcomers are a reminder to us old farts what it's like out there because you're just coming off the drink so the memories are closer to you. ..It works because we help each other. Sure some people focus on the "I'm still broken" aspect of things. I chose not to today.
