-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gfz4s/alcohol_is_broken/

It's weird the only reason I have 40 days is because everytime I think of drinking I realize it won't make me happy anymore. The last time I relapsed it sucked. I didn't feel an ounce of happiness when I was drunk...It used to make me happy but it doesn't anymore. I broke it. And it can't be fixed. I could drink but it would just make me miserable. It's broken.
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's great that you seem to be able to think of not just the first drink but the consequences after the drinks to follow.  It's a hard concept for some to grasp.  Keep it up! 
Glad to hear that you're making that realization! Keep on truckin'!
I broke it too! It sure as hell broke me. The amount of evidence it took to finally convince me of that is astonishing...I said "Help!" and then things began to change...Now I don't walk through that gate that is marked "Enter here to walk off cliff."
That's a good thing to be broken!
And here you are " Unbroken". Continued sobriety to you.
I know what you mean.  I broke me.  Alcohol does not offer the same package anymore.  Much more negative these days.
Love this perspective! I broke my alcohol too. It doesn't work for me anymore either. No use going back to it.
Interesting way of saying it  but I can totally relate. Being drunk now is not fun anymore. It stopped being fun a LONG time ago. Right now the guilt and shame are not even worth drinking. At least that is how I feel right now. I love days when its easy ( easy as far as cravings go ) and I can remember that.
I find this very relatable. I wasn't getting hangovers or blacking out towards the end; I felt like I was ghosting neither happy or sad when drunk but having this guilty sinking feeling when sobering up the next day. Alcohol used to make me feel euphoric and carefree. But after years of drinking that feeling wore off and I'd drink more to chase that feeling again. My alcohol had malfunctioned...Thanks for posting.
Yeah I realized that I could never go back to how I used to enjoy alcohol. I guess it just lost its magic. Alcohol is powerless over me. I know its lies and its false feelings. Drinking alcohol to me would be like having unprotected sex with a person that had HIV and a bunch of other venereal diseases. Theoretically it would be possible to drink but mentally its an impossibility.
Alcohol is broken for me too and I've tried to fix it for years and years. In AA they talk about the 'countless vain attempts' to prove we can drink like normal people. From trying to control when I drink what I drink how much I drink who I drink with etc.  My biggest issue is that even when I know it's broken and I am broken and all the evidence is in and I finally quit. I get well so quick and forget so easy. 
Hah exactly this. ..I told my IOP counselor "You ruined drinking for me!".."That's my job."
It works until it doesn't work...It will happen to any alcoholic no matter what.  It alters your neurochemistry which is (usually) reversible with abstinence and time...It will break you.  First it stops being an "enjoyable" thing then you drink just to feel "normal" then physical dependency can set in and you are on a steep downward spiral that will generally lead to death.  Either through your body/mind giving out or suicide...There is no other "path" ... it's the same for everyone and realizing that it has become "broken" is the first warning sign...Stopping at that point saves yourself from a *lot* of trouble down the road.
I feel the same way. It's kind of depressing. Sometimes I'm like shit..now what? Without alcohol impulsivity bad decisions crazy nights..who am I? But you're right..it doesn't work and it never will. 
I know what you mean and I feel the same way. I had to take a step back and start looking at my life in a different way. I had a lot to be happy about and a lot to be grateful for. I just took it all for granted. ..Here's a couple quotes on happiness that I like a lot:.. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it the more it will elude you but if you turn your attention to other things it will come and sit softly on your shoulder. ..  Henry David Thoreau ... In our daily lives we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful but the gratefulness that makes us happy.  ..  Albert Clarke 
Good post. I think that way too. I overdid it and there's no going back. I broke it. .Those early fun days with a few drinks can never be recaptured. I haven't tried drinking again and probably won't especially after reading people's accounts here 
I love this. Alcohol is broken for me now as well. Even when I do get cravings I play the tape forward and really pretend in my mind that I'm having that beer or shot and it makes me nauseated. I picture how much I used to drink and I wonder how in the world im still alive. ..Sober is definitely the way to go...I was explaining it to my bf yesterday about how sometimes I wish I could just have a beer after work and enjoy it but i know it wouldnt be worth it. He said "i can't imagine never being able to have *any* alcohol *ever* again... well I guess i can; it's pretty much like any allergy." Bingo! It'll make me sick and could even kill me no thanks.
