-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gitt9/60_days_my_retrospect/

I sit here staring at a blank empty page with nothing nothing written on it yet. That's kind of like my future now I guess unwritten and unknown. It's really scary. ..The last few months have been a hard struggle and a real eye opener...I have been drinking regularly for the last 25 years. I drank to suppress and avoid my emotions and Life in general. I can't have just one drink. I have to have as many as I can. The last 60 days have been an emotional roller coaster the likes I have never experienced in my 44 years on this planet...My wife started cheating on me about a year ago. 3 months ago she moved in with her new boyfriend. I quit drinking 2 months ago because I realized/admitted to myself if I didn't I would end up either drinking myself to death killing myself in a car accident or worse someone else. Or I would end up taking my own life...My two girls are too young to understand or congratulate with me on this milestone. What few friends I have left wont either. Fortunately I have all of you at /r/stopdrinking/ that understand...I will admit it's not all Doom and gloom on the horizon. I have lost 30 pounds in the last 6 months. My face and skin look soooo much better now. I don't get disgusted with myself when I look in a mirror. I am both mentally and physically sharper than I have been in probably 15 years. Although I do find my memory recall failing me big time now and again. Its like looking for something in a pitch black dark room. I have more free time now to read clean fix and repair the house play with my girls etc. since I'm not spending all that time getting drunk...My cravings for alcohol have diminished quite a bit. I still get cravings but they are manageable and not as scary as when I first quit. I went to my favorite brewery last Saturday with 2 friends for the first time since I quit and wasn't tempted. A little sad I couldn't taste my old favorite (Two Roads Road Jam). So I had an Izze's Blackberry sparkling water instead. Very tasty by the way...Dealing with all my emotions and feelings head on is probably the hardest thing for me. They keep pouring out of me when i least expect it. I am a lot calmer now and not so easy to anger or snap at someone. ..There is a definite difference the way my girls treat me now that I quit drinking.  I don't know if they realize it was because of the alcohol but they are much closer and loving to me now. They used to keep their distance from me. The two of them are what keeps me going towards that scary unknown future...Living alone sucks. Not living with my girls full time sucks. There is no going back only forward. Going back to my old life style means a certain early death...One day at a time just one day at a time...Thank you all. I will not drink with you today. I couldn't have made it this far without /r/SD..
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I have lost 30 pounds in the last 6 months. My face and skin look soooo much better now. I don't get disgusted with myself when I look in a mirror...That's really important. You've got your health and your looks back...&gt;There is a definite difference the way my girls treat me now that I quit drinking. I don't know if they realize it was because of the alcohol but they are much closer and loving to me now. They used to keep their distance from me...That's also a really huge positive. ..Congratulations on stopping and hang on. 
What a ride! Glad to hear your story. Keep it up and love on those girls!
Sorry to hear about how difficult your life has become.  However You have a huge advantage now....you are sober.  Since I have been sober I am amazed at how rational and stable I have become.  I am able to cope with stress and adversity like never before.  Like you my daughters are much closer to me and confide in me like never before.  You should know that you are at your strongest point in the past 25 years because of sobriety.  Life is going to get much better...just continue to stay strong.  Good luck!
Congratulations!
Congratulations! Changing a habit of 25 years ... wow. I'm only 24 myself. I have a father who drinks too much. The five years he was sober were the five best years our family had. I'm sorry to hear that you're going through a hard time you're amazing for making such a drastic and positive change in your lifestyle!..I can really relate to your first paragraph by the way: ..&gt; I sit here staring at a blank empty page with nothing nothing written on it yet. That's kind of like my future now I guess unwritten and unknown. It's really scary.
Fight to win! I spent the last 25 years as well. It got to a point where I had to drink to be normal. I spent my 49th b-day in rehab. Staying sober seems a little easier everyday! I won't drink with you today! 
I can relate . My thoughts were very violent and suicidal at times when I was drunk and pretty often when I drank everyday even lightly . It amplified my bad emotions and thoughts. I can also relate to the memory loss. I can't remember what I did last weekend at all. I wasn't even drunk my memory has just failed me. ..Hang in there. We're all proud of you. 
Thanks for your post. I could hear your voice in the story telling. This one meant a lot for me as I approach  60 days and have been feeling a mounting temptation to cave. You've  inspired me to keep going. 
