-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gjpcu/so_relapses/

What do YOU consider a relapse?  I'm just curious as to different people's thoughts on this. ..Would it be a relapse if you accidently grabbed the wrong cup at a party noticing only after you took a sip?..Would  it be a relapse if you had a toast at a wedding? ..Would  it be a relapse if you drank for a bachelor/Bachelorette weekend? ..Would it be a relapse if a longer period of time passed while you were drinking?..Would you just chalk up all of those  failed days to just that & keeping your original decision date? ..Would it be a relapse if you drank for the hell of it but not to cope? ..Would  it be a relapse if you drank as a coping mechanism? ..I just threw since sceneries in there that I have seen in the past on the sub...Anywho I'm not drinking today & High five everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

There's a lot of things I'd consider a relapse but I know for sure I'd sure be sad if you did u/RedHeadedRiot! **: )**  .Blessings friend!
My take....A relapse is when you make a conscious decision to consume alcohol. When you know a a drink contains it and you willingly consume it. Somewhere in your thought process you said fuck it and when that happens you have given up on your sobriety.   
Alcohol has been racing through my mind lately..but I will not drink with you today!  I think a relapse is when you consume alcohol knowingly it is alcohol.  Communion wine is tricky for me though.  I know it's wine but according to my religion it's the blood of Christ.  So not quite sure on that one.
I guess it's nitpicky but I see a relapse as falling into old ways. A lapse would be like caving in the one time and course correcring quickly. Still i view any conscious consumption of alcohol to be a break in my personal sobriety.
[deleted]
Relapses to me are the decision to give up sobriety; that is altering my mood with alcohol leading to an eventual but inevitable loss of control. What took me a long time to realize is that even just one drink will ultimately lead to more and more and more down the line...However I am not freaking out about minute traces of alcohol in things. Cough syrup cooked dishes or even kombucha (&lt;=0.5% by volume). The difference? I have never associated these with my runaway drinking and I have never abused them simply because 1. doing so would be very difficult and likely make me sick before making me drunk and 2. if I'm ever at the point where I'm chugging cough syrup to get drunk I've already made the conscious decision to abandon sobriety...That said I still avoid cough-syrup with alcohol skip dishes made with alcohol (never liked the taste much anyway) and drink one kombucha tea maybe once every four or five months. I don't want to get used to consuming alcohol even in tiny amounts...As I understand it many people in recovery can't touch any alcohol without falling off the wagon completely...TL;DR: Personal definitions of sobriety may vary. Mine is the 100% avoidance of altering my mood with alcohol...Edit: I stay the hell away from liqueur candies rum cakes and the like. That's way too much alcohol.
I'm toying just vaguely with the idea of trying moderation.  Yes I know ... big sighs and shakings of heads all round ... but unless I try it I won't know if it works for me or not.  So IF I decide to try it - and it's only an IF at this point - it would be under very strict conditions.  For example no more than two drinks on any occasion two or three days alcohol free afterwards and suchlike.  IF I decide to try that I wouldn't consider myself to have relapsed.  If however it didn't work and I found myself breaking my own rules - or rewriting them to become more and more relaxed - then I would consider myself to have relapsed.  ..But for now I'm not drinking and have no plans to do so.
I had a sip of someones drink just for taste purposes  i dont consider that a relapse didnt drink more than a sip.
I had three years at one point. My boyfriend at the time loved making craft cocktails and I asked to taste his Negroni one day just out of pure curiosity from a food appreciation standpoint. That sip hit me like a ton of bricks. I remained sober for a few more months after that but when I look back my relapse started with that sip. My experience has been that it always goes back further than you think. By normalizing that sip I was laying plans to give myself permission to try moderation. Mine start weeks before they happen. Two years later I have not surpassed 90 days at a time. My goal this time is to catch the signs early and take care to cut it off before I have a drink in my hand. 
