-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gkgv6/feeling_overwhelmed/

Eat healthy. Work out. Recovery reading and homework. Meetings. Therapy. Sleep 8 hours. Volunteer/give back. Journaling. Meditation. No new romantic relationships. Build new recovery relationships. ..In my experience dropping the ball on one of these things is enough to either lead me directly to relapse or inflame my PTSD symptoms and then lead me to relapse. ..Oh and then there's the 60 hours of work. Rent and bills. Car maintenance. Pets. Normal life stuff ..I'm feeling better so I know the good stuff is working; however the thought that I have to continue to walk this tightrope is super daunting. It feels like every moment of my day has the potential to be make or break. The pressure is getting to me. There aren't enough hours in a day. This is too much. How do you all handle it?
----------immediate responses--------

I like making To Do lists and ticking off the items. It helps for me to see everything in front of me and prioritize it. ..The only way I know how to get by is when things get hard I start taking smaller and smaller steps so I can give myself a victory. If I give myself too big of a task like "go pressure wash the house" if I don't get to it because I'm emotionally or physically unready I feel like a failure. Sometimes my tasks are so small all they are is "Go walk outside." Later I can say that at least I walked outside. ..I was volunteering for something that I've now decided I'm going to drop. It was just too much. If you cut stuff out that helps as well. 
It will get easier!  
I agree...it's overwhelming...When you look at the entirety of recovery it's massive!  That being said you don't have to do it all at once.  And a lot of what you should be doing it takes time...For the second time in a few minutes I'll use one of my favourite quotes "How do you eat an elephant?  One bite at a time".  Not everything that you "need" to do has to be done right now nor do you have to perfect it right now.  Pick one do it figure out what works for you and when you have a handle on it then move on to the next one.  Celebrate the fact that you got one thing down and move on...Remember that eating healthy working out going to meetings journalling meditation etc are all about establishing routines.  New routines take somewhere in between 14 and 200+ days to become engrained.  When you "drop the ball" take a deep breath remind yourself of this fact and learn from the experience.
I'm feeling the same way. I'm so jumpy lately that I feel like I'm going to explode. I used to drink. &lt;sadtrombone&gt;..I like the advice that's been given. I'll have to give it a go. Oh well at least we're not drinking!
It sounds like you are stressed. Normal life stuff like you are describing can really be overwhelming. I hope you find the peace you are seeking.
Oh wow I'm getting stressed out just from reading all the things you expect of yourself...One of the things I've had to learn in recovery was permitting myself to drop the occasional ball without spiralling into thoughts of "Bad nigella bad! You're ruining everything!". It's still a bit hit and miss but incredibly valuable in the whole "not going crazy" department..
