-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gnyu8/keeping_it_100/

Just a quick note as I hit triple digits to say thank you to everyone here who has supported me on my journey thus far. It has not been easy and I still have so much to work on. But in the last 100 days I've lost 23 pounds I've felt motivation in ways I haven't in years my blood pressure has returned to normal my anxiety has mostly stabilized and I've felt flashes of true non substance induced happiness...Things are not perfect. I've had a minor bout of depression lately and it's messing with my resolve to stay sober. Lately I've been contemplating going back. Alcohol still has strong short term benefits for me - helps with social anxiety helps me feel more comfortable in my own skin etc. It's the long term part that makes it unsustainable for me and it's why I can't risk tempting fate by trying moderation. I need to work to remember this as I've had multiple moments in the last 3 weeks where I've talked myself into doing it only to pull myself back at the last minute...To all those still struggling with early sobriety - hang in there. I promise you it's worth it and it does get easier. Despite the fact that I'm struggling lately there have been more good days than bad and the relief from the constant obsessive thoughts about drinking make it worth it alone...This sub is truly a great place. Looking back at my post history I realized I really owe my sobriety to everyone here - particularly in those moments when I was so close to craving and you all jumped in to support. A true community. ..Onwards to the next milestone. 6 months feels like the next really big one - bring it on!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!! 3 digits is really something to be proud...Moderation thoughts pass through my mind every day but I got a automatic response set on my brain lately that says 'no way'...Cheers! and good 101 days wihtout drinking!
Awesome!  Progress not perfection keeps things in perspective.  Sober on!
Hail new centurion!
Congrats!  Triple digits really feels good doesn't it?! I will join you in not drinking today and hope to follow you in to 6-month territory...
[removed]
Thanks for posting and congrats on 100!
Century mark...great work.  I found myself thinking about a beer yesterday and then realized I wasn't just thinking about one beer.  I was thinking about drinking to oblivion and blackout.  Moderation isn't for me either!
Congratulations!!! I love reading these updates. The inspiration is tremendous. Thank you for sharing!
Congrats on a 100! I like your honesty about acknowledging that alcohol does have short term benefits for you I struggle with that too sometimes and a 'fuck it' moment can happen. When I start thinking about it I try to just stop immediately there's no room for doubts on the long term benefits. Thank you for sharing!
