-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gq9qn/you_find_in_recovery_what_you_never_wouldve_found/

So I'm paraphrasing the title. But that was the gist of something I heard in my outpatient rehab today...ANYWHO. I was in a slump a few weeks ago. At the time I was coming up on two months and felt defeated by the consequences I still had to face sober. I learned I was on academic suspension at school which hindered my chances of transferring out of state. Still living at home with my parents. Broken and defeated white knuckling sobriety...But I didn't drink or use. Oh boy did I want to. One night the cravings were so bad I was literally salivating and this close to taking the keys and getting some wine. This was my thought process: *I'm done with outpatient rehab next week anyway... insurance is cutting me off. If I relapse I won't say anything. I'll lie and continue to pick up coins. Why does it matter? I'm sure plenty of people in the rooms have less clean time then they let on! I'll tell the truth later.*..You know why I didn't drink that night? Because I said to myself "I'll drink tomorrow."..I didn't drink tomorrow but it was enough to keep me sober in that moment. Sometimes it's a day at a time sometimes it's an hour sometimes it's a minute... Anyway things are looking up! I got my ass to the college campus and filled out all the paper work to reenroll for the fall semester. I actually talked to the dean and she gave me some advice as to how to manage my work load and be a successful student going forward. ..I had court yesterday for the DUI I got in December. I was very fearful; in my state a BAC over .2 carried a mandatory jail sentence. Through the grace of my HP (and a pretty pricey lawyer) I walked away with 90 days suspended and 25 hours community service. My license is suspended for a year but I have already applied for my restricted and had my schedule approved by the judge. I begin the Alcohol Safety Action Program in a few weeks that is required to get my restricted...My insurance cut off today so I won't get to finish IOP. No lie I was buggin' because IOP had urine screens and the accountability was a big reason why I initially stayed sober. Now that I've managed to string together more than a week of clean time I'm ready to keep going. ASAP also requires urine screens. Clean urine means the quicker I move through the program so that's a plus...Finally in a few weeks I'm moving out! I'm moving in with my good friend from AA. The room is tiny but the rent is cheap. Plus I get to paint the room whatever color I want. (Currently torn between turquoise and coral haha.)..If I were drinking I never would've found the motivation to figure out stuff with school. I would've resigned myself to failure. If I were drinking I would've never found my HP; I turned my will over to that force of nature and really felt powerful vibes in the courtroom that day. When my lawyer eagerly pulled me aside I was overcome with gratitude. If I wasn't working the program I would've drank that night and lied about it for weeks maybe months. And because I'm an alcoholic I would've drank the next day. And the next. ..For all of you that are feeling down know that while it sucks now you're always moving forward even when you feel stagnant as long as you're not using. ..It'll be okay...TL;DR: Going to school no jail moving out. Gonna keep coming back. Thanks for letting me share. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you. This is good. 
Thank you for your post. I hope everything works out for you. I vote turquoise for your room. :) 
I keep praying that I don't go to jail. You got lucky . The power is yours to make sure you never get a DUI again. 
Fantastic!! .I've been in kind of a foul mood today about life stuff but you're absolutely right..&gt;For all of you that are feeling down know that while it sucks now you're always moving forward even when you feel stagnant as long as you're not using...So right on! Thank you!!!.
I got out of recovery what I was always looking for in drinking 
Congratulations! 
