-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4grnr8/have_you_made_a_relapse_prevention_plan/

What is in it? Why do I need one and where do I start?
----------immediate responses--------

I feel like right now in my recovery my whole life is a relapse prevention plan.  Still really focusing on staying sober.  I see a life coach and she and I are starting to discuss relapse and prevention.  
An AA meeting list is one thing in mine.   And a gallon of ice cream...(you may want to change your user name for SD.  Sobriety is serious business.   :-).
[removed]
All the little plans I made to stop drinking are still installed in my head. Plus my spidey sense tingles if I recognize a familiar drinking scenario and I pull out one of my little tricks. Could be a Clif bar. Could be a run. Could be posting here. 
Phone numbers are the key for me.  I have about 20 sober people in my phone.  If I'm in a dicey state of mind or location I call people.  If I'm at a wedding and I'm 100% sure I won't drink I still call a sober friend before I go and they usually say they'll call me back in x hours to see how it's going.  ..I don't necessarily do this to prevent me from drinking I do it because it allows me to enjoy myself without worrying about whether or not there will be a run-in with alcohol.  Most of the advice I'm given is something like "just have a good time. I'll check in with you later to see how you're doing."..If I'm driving to visit family/friends who drink I call people while I'm driving there even if I don't think I'll drink or have nothing to talk about.  Last fall I was on a 7 hour drive and probably spent 1.5 hours of the drive talking to people (I have bluetooth so I wasn't being *too* reckless).  I only called the first guy to talk about drinking then I realized it's just a really good way to pass the time...Remembering why I quit drinking is helpful but I need the help of other people to keep me sober. 
I don't have one. I never want to drink again. I love being alive so much at the moment. If I drink I will ruin that completely. That thought is my relapse prevention. And it's very strong.
