-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4gy43z/how_do_you_guys_deal_with_temptation/

Now that summer is starting to creep up on us a pint of local craft brew starts sounding more and more tempting. ..I guess I have coped in sobriety okay so far but that temptation gets stronger and stronger the longer I have gone without alcohol. ..How do you keep saying no to yourself? Consistently and without fail! I definitely don't want to relapse because I don't know if I will be back here...I've changed things in my life from when I was fucked up I have a girl who loves me and supports my sobriety and I don't want to destroy that as well as better job prospects. But like every other alcoholic I see a cold pint on a porch almost irresistible. And once I have one it'll all be over. ..What say you stop drinking?..
----------immediate responses--------

I personally have no interest in drinking nor am I tempted to drink regardless of the season at this point in my own journey. I'm just curious but do you have 680 days under your belt and still crave drinks as bad as you say?..Now if you wanna talk about ice cream and how nervous I am about that coming up this summer season yea. I'm gonna probably gain a few pounds. 
To deal with temptation I really really have to 'Play the tape forward.' I keep going to meetings to remind myself that I'm simply a person that can't have one. It sounds nice in theory but in practice it never works out well for me. Plus I have an actual tape to play forward! The police department was kind enough to give me a copy of myself 0.24 drunk stumbling around in a stairwell trying to do bumps of coke. The tape is set up with all views from the parking garage on it. So while you see me bumping coke in one you see a caravan of police cars accelerating through the entrance in another. All for me! ~The scene of the crime is a brand new parking garage in my little downtown. The security system at that time of the night is physically monitored by the police dispatcher. I'm glad that my bottom was so ridiculously stupid because it is a great reminder that I can't drink. 
I haven't been sober as long as you but I also have cravings particularly for craft beer. I try to break down my craving and think of other ways to give myself what I *really* want. ..Ex1: All my friends are going to a brew tour and invite me along. I want to go! What do I *really* want? To hang out with my friends and do something fun. Substitute: Ask a subset of those friends if they'd like to grab food before going to the brew tour or if they'd like to make plans to hang out soon doing something sober. ..Ex2: After a hard run I always crave beer. I always used to drink beer to cool down after a run. What do I *really* want? A refreshing beverage and a reward for hard work. Substitute: A liter of seltzer water and a piece of candy. ..This works for me in dealing with cravings in the short term. As for how to stop having the cravings? I'm hoping to retrain my brain to look forward to the substitutions rather than to drinking. I wish you luck! .(edit: formatting)
