-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4h0qht/just_for_today_i_will_eat_crossaddiction_behaviors/

Hi lovely humans of StopDrinking. I adore you all. Even though I don't peak out of lurkerdom very often (turns out I'm still painfully shy even behind a computer screen) I've read this sub every day for a year now and it's been instrumental to my recovery so far. ..I know I'm posting about something sort of off-topic from this sub but it's recovery related (at least to my recovery?) and I feel like I'm driving myself crazy spinning my wheels about this and could use some outside feedback. ..So basically drinking/drugging for me was something that I latched on to as a way to escape having to feel pain. Even before substance use I was an expert escapist - really good at repressing and denying my emotions. So I knew that I had racked up a lot of debt of unprocessed feelings and that I would have to pay off that interest if I ever wanted to get through my pain and then move past it.  ..So when I left rehab I was almost excited about the idea of leaning in to this all - but I wasn't prepared for just how much all of it was. Luckily I was in a really really great dual-diagnosis IOP program where I learned so much about DBT coping skills and also about myself. I learned that I was in denial of a lot more than just my addictions - mostly I learned that I was lying to myself by believing that the painful things that have happened to me didn't effect me that I had moved past them. Mostly this was related to growing up with alcoholic abusive parents who didn't really know how to love me being in an abusive relationship and being sexually assaulted. I thought that my parents didn't effect me - I thought that since I understood that they were doing the best with what they had that I didn't blame them and that I didn't need their love anyway: I was strong independent could take care of myself. ..Anyway once I stopped denying my feelings about it all I realized that I was deeply wounded by the way I grew up. That I really wished that I felt loved and cared for. That I wished I didn't HAVE to be so independent from such a young age: I wish I had someone to fall back on. I wished my parents had been parents instead of people who abused me. All these things hurt me! I just didn't let myself acknowledge it. And now that I was acknowledging it it hurt so so much. I would be knocked down by overwhelming amounts of pain that seemed to well up from nowhere on a daily basis. ..Once un-anesthetized I also had to deal with the fact that I had PTSD from the combo of the abuse and the assaults. I became even more terrified of people to leave my house and I felt constantly unsafe. I had awful terribly realistic nightmares. All in all I'm trying to say that life was really hard and painful at this point and it was hard to make it through every day. BUT I still felt hopeful about the future - I was finally feeling and processing everything that I had repressed and thought by doing so I'd be able to move forward. ..Except then out of nowhere a somewhat dormant eating disorder totally took over. For years I hadn't been eating more than a meal and a snack a day - I first lost my appetite when going through a severe bout of depression and my body dysmorphic self loved all the weight I lost and never tried to get an appetite back. And then I just started drinking all my calories and maaaaybe eating a snack. So I never obsessed about my weight/what I was eating because I didn't have to...And then I realized that I had gained weight and freaked out. I became obsessive about eating as little calories as possible in a day avoiding all the "bad" foods weighing everything that went into my mouth. And I felt...better than I had in a while. All of emotions and memories and pain weren't there anymore! Because once again my mind had narrowed around one thing - food and my body. I became just as obsessed as I was with drinking and used this behavior in the same way I used drinking - as a way of coping with life and bypassing my emotions...So very recently it hit me that living like this I'm not in recovery. I had felt like I was progressing and now I feel like I'm regressing. I'm not feeling my feelings. I just replaced one addiction and obsession with another. ..But where I'm struggling is that while I knew I needed to stop drinking I'm not sure that I need to change how I'm eating. I think a lot of it is denial? I feel like it's ok for me to keep acting this way for a little while till I get a little thinner and THEN I'll recover. Besides it's only been about two months of actively acting like this so the problem can't be that bad can it? I can get better on my own can't I? The emotional side of me does not want to try to get better - I am so self-loathing and filled with disgust at myself and am terrified at the thought of gaining weight. I want to lose weight! ..But the rational side of me knows something is up with those thoughts. Because I have a psychiatrist 2 therapists and an RD diagnosing me with anorexia telling me that I'm underweight and pointing out all of the ways that my blood-work shows that I am malnourished and not medically stable. But there's that little emotional brat in me still screaming "they're wrong! it's not that bad! don't eat!". I agonize over what I am and am not eating all day and I feel so out of control once again...I'm not sure where I'm going with this haha I'm sorry. Typing it all out did make me realize that I'm definitely in denial.. but I'm still just so ambivalent about change. I want recovery but I also want to control my weight. I think I'm just really scared. I guess I'm looking to see if anyone has been through anything similar has any words of wisdom or feedback? I'll take whatever I can get because I'm pretty sure my brain is steering me wrong here.
----------immediate responses--------

My weight and food issues are so intimately connected to my self-worth. It's a daily practice. I am bigger than I ever ever been and that's ok...PTSD substance abuse eating disorders. You've been through a lot. A healthy and happy lifestyle is possible here. It just takes a lot of work. For me there's been a lot of tears and a lot of pain. ..Addressing my eating disorder has been harder than substance abuse. It cuts deeper. I have no...words of wisdom for you. Just I understand where you are right now. 
You are not alone.   We have to work with what we have and we can't change the past but we can open our eyes and stop the denial.  Kudos to you on your progress.   
I have had this tab open for like a day. This post really hit me because like you I struggle with both an eating disorder and drinking. I also tend to think that the drinking is much more of a problem then the eating disorder. But yesterday I was at a group for my eating disorder and we went through all of the consequences of eating disorders and it became quite clear to me that my eating disorder is just as much of a problem as my drinking. Both of them developed because I could not cope with and face my emotions. ..I don't really have any good advice for you but I wanted to let you know that I can relate. I also want to encourage you to find a path towards recovery for both your eating disorder and drinking. If you have either of them in your life you will not be able to lead a full and whole life. At least that is what I was convinced of yesterday when staring the consequences in the face. 
