-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4h7n6l/someone_who_says_they_care_about_meand_just_seems/

Like I told you guys I relapsed pretty bad the other night. Been doing well now but I got a message from a "friend" today who also bartends at the bar I used to go to. He said he heard about my relapse and went on to call me a whore and a shame of the community. He claims he's only doing this to help me and is urging me to go to rehab and won't "talk to me til I do". Do I have to take this? Should I report this someone somehow? His boss? I'm confused and hurting.
----------immediate responses--------

That's not how to support people...There's tough love and there's verbal abuse. This is verbal abuse.
I was stalked and emotionally abused. You are being abused. Here is my advice: Block him from calling you. Keep a record of any calls or other messages he sends that he manages to get through to you. You will need this record in case he escalates and you have to get a restraining order. ..As for the part about you feeling hurt repeat the following statement: "He's being an asshole." 
That's really *really* bizarre and I'm sorry that you had to experience that. There was absolutely no call for him to go full douchebag like that. That's red flag behavior that screams no more contact. If you want to take it further that's your choice. Definitely keeping a record would be beneficial if it continues or escalates. 
How does getting drunk make you a whore?  How does it make you a shame of the community?  I think he should learn the defintion of those words before using them.  And does he honestly think you'll go out of your way to sober up just for the gift of his attention?  What a nob.  ..I hate to throw this word around but he may have asperger's because no normal person would say any of that to you.  
He sounds like a pile of psycho.  Please don't give him the satisfaction of a response.  Like the others have advised  block him and keep records of any further contact.  Stay strong and don't let the riff raff blow you off course.
I just love people like that.  I'm only mentioning that you're fat because I care about your health.  You would look so pretty with the right haircut.  I've determined that you "need" rehab &amp; I'm telling you by smearing your name to a mutual acquaintance under the guise of "caring" about you.  People like this are not friends or supporters.  They are passive aggressive toxic dicks.  They present themselves as smart reasonable &amp; caring while tearing others to shreds.  The only advice you should listen to from that bartender is the part about not speaking to him again.  Ever.
That is verbal abuse plain and simple. If he truly cared he would frame it by saying something along the lines of he cares for your safety and feels when you drink you put yourself in dangerous situations/ aren't your best self. When you decide to get better he will be there for you but if you continue to drink he can't be in your life...What he did was attempt to shame you and as I think we can all attest to shame is a huge obstacle to getting help. What a humongous d-bag delete his numberblock him and don't give him another thought.
Whore? Shame on the community? Wtf. That is some high-grade b/s right there. I would advise to block him or ignore him he is not trying to help you by telling you some unrelated insults no matter what he is kidding himself...Keep your head up and concentrate on staying sober. We here are rooting for you :)
Sounds like abuse to me.  Friends give you a hug and ask how they can help.  You don't have to take it.  Agree with sfmarygirl: "He's being an asshole."  Don't give him any power over you.  
Manipulative bastard. Complain to his boss.
I dealt with something similar once. THIS IS ABUSE. Respond to him clearly "Please never contact me again. Period. " I had to file a police report against a former friend once and the officer I spoke to said that once you ask a person not to contact you and they persist it is HARASSMENT. You do not have to accept this behavior. And you are not a whore or a shame or any other sick thing he's said. You are a human and you deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. Stay sober and stick to your guns! 
Ah. No you don't have to take that.  He doesn't sound like a friend at all. Being concerned suggesting rehab all nice friend-things. Calling you a whore a shame on the community and giving you bullshit ultimatums (though losing this guy doesn't seem like a particularly useful ultimatum TBH.) is not nice-friend things. I'd just cut him out. 
UPDATE he called my boss to tell him how drunk I was the other night. WTF
Update number two he FACEBOOK STALKED and then messaged my mother. What in the hell guys
