-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4he1yv/im_ready/

I have been getting drunk for the last 5 years almost daily. I don't remember the last time I went more than 3 days straight without getting drunk. I just told myself I would never stop. My drinking has become more reckless lately as I am currently going through a divorce with alot of our problems stemming from both of our alcoholism..Last night I got an OWI after crashing my car into a tree. My brother was in the car with me. We were both luckily OK. I struggle with depression and never cared about my own well being but the thought that I could have killed my own brother put me over the edge I hugged him this morning and just sobbed. I am quitting today. The next year is going to be difficult and stressful but I don't want to be this person anymore..I am worried as I have always used drugs and alcohol as a crutch. It used to be any drug I could get my hands on plus cigarettes and alcohol. Due to my job I had to give up the illegal drugs 3 years ago. I gave up smoking 1 year ago because I couldn't breate. Now all I have left is the alcohol. I am hopeful because i was able to give up drugs and cigarettes but I am afraid because I had alcohol to lean on..I don't usually post on reddit but I felt like I needed to confess my intentions.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. We're glad you're here.
Welcome. I'm very glad that accident had a positive result. Now just do like so many of us and take it one day at a time. You can do it. 
After quitting the other things you have proof that you can do it. I haven't given up my cigs ..yet but soon I hope.
You're lucky nobody was hurt in your accident and no charges. Strangely enough today exactly 1 year ago I crashed my car and got a dui. I'm still dealing with the fallout with Court at end of July. I'm praying nobody claims any injuries (they have 2 years to do so).
Don't think about the next year just think about the next 24 hours. A year is a big forbidding slab of time -- a day is just one day. It's surprising how quickly they mount up.
