-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hihlv/could_be_5843_days_instead_of_122/

TL;DR -- Relapse is just one drink away...I stopped drinking on May 2 2000.  Cold turkey.  It was time and I knew it.  My mother was an alcoholic (died from it); my sister was an alcoholic (died from Hep C); the very first time I drank I blacked out.  ..I stopped for over two years in my mid-20's but I moved to a new city with a new partner and started drinking because I thought I could moderate.  I did for awhile.  But in my early 30's after another move to another city and a lost job I found myself drinking a bottle of wine or half a fifth of scotch a night. I quit drinking while I was pregnant with my son but that didn't count as sobriety for me and I started back as soon as he was born.  Another move to a new town and a new job that I hated took me back deep into that bottle.  ..In 1999 my son was about 3 1/2. One night when I'd kept him out too late so I could drink he was fussing to go to sleep and I called him a brat.  His response: "Me not a brat. Me not even know what that is." It broke my heart because he was the furthest thing from a brat there was and in my drunkenness I turned to verbal abuse like my mother had (yes for me calling him a brat was verbal abuse)...Then one night with him in the car I drove home so drunk I hoped I'd get pulled over. That freaked me out because I remembered all too clearly being a child in a car with my mother driving drunk going over curbs almost in accidents...and I had sworn I'd never be like her.  Soon after that was May 2nd...Fast forward through over nine years of sobriety. My friends knew I didn't drink; it wasn't a big deal. My SO drank some but that was never about me nor a temptation. I simply didn't drink...Then in the summer of 2009 at a group camp-out in the Redwoods a friend set up a bar and started pouring shots of tequila. For reasons still not clear to me (Pedro I think and the erroneous belief again that I could moderate) I had a couple.  My friend who only knew me sober was very surprised. I went to bed like it was no big deal.  But the slope had been greased...Over the next seven years my drinking progressed even through a life threatening illness.  When my SO had an affair 3+ years ago and I got a new "big" job a month after I found out about it my drinking really amped up.  By last summer I was drinking at least a bottle of wine a night usually more or several pints of beer or many G&T's.  I had gained 50# I was depressed I was not on my game at work..y'all know how that story goes...I decided last June that I was going to stop but I knew that this time I needed my SO to stop also as he was a huge enabler and my drinking buddy.  I challenged him to do the Whole 30 diet cleanse which included a month off alcohol sugar grains dairy and legumes.  He agreed but because we were traveling a lot watching our boy play ball and then getting him off to college we waited until October to do it.  The thirty days was great and easy.  I lost 10# and started getting my energy back.  But come the evening of Day 30 I was out with colleagues and had a couple of tequilas and was right back into it in November and through the holidays.  ..I set New Year's as my stop date.  I didn't tell my SO.  I just stopped.  Five days later I found SD from the WaPo article that appeared in our local paper.  That's when my sobriety became really real -- the daily accountability the wisdom the relapses the NDV's the pictures all of it...So while I mourn that **I could be celebrating 16 years instead of four months** I am so deeply grateful for these four months.  And...I know from deep experience how true One Day at a Time is and how one day without the commitment to sobriety and not drinking has the potential to take me right back down to the bottom of that slope again.  ..Fortunately I learned a lot during my nine years and I'm processing quickly again now.  I finally feel like myself.  I've lost 50# (stayed on the Whole 30 diet since October) I don't feel depressed for the first time in years and while I may not be totally happy yet (still dealing with the relationship stuff) I have glimpses of it...Thank you SD'ers...for "a group of anonymous strangers on the internet" -- you all are saving my ass one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

So glad you're here. Thanks for sharing your story.
Thank you for sharing your story. It reminds me that I really need to ignore that seductive voice that's been whispering in my ear that I can handle "just one"...I know it's hard for me to accept the past without guilt and regret. "What if" is keeping me awake at night lately. Your story is a great reminder that I should be grateful for what I have...Thanks again for helping to save me from that drinky devil.
Thank you so much for sharing- The idea of breaking my current count and getting into the could be/would be/should be thinking is a big part in what is keeping me from from 'indulging.' I have an app that is a day counter that I have on my phone for another issue I'm struggling with. Unfortunately at day 4 I broke it. The app is still up and wow it is not helpful. Just checked it- Would be 27 days. Going to reset it right now. Not going to let the 'could be' and the guilt that comes from that let me continue to stop trying. 
Great post!  Thanks for sharing your experience with us.  ..I must never forget: " the farther I am from my last drink the closer I am to the next one."
You have gratitude attitude!! Thank you for sharing. 9 years of sobriety will have given you so much personal insight and you will always have those years in your back pocket. Some days I forget to be grateful for what I have. This is a great reminder. Congrats on 4 months here's to new beginnings and being grateful for our accomplishments old and new!!
Thank you for posting it's a stark reminder that we're all an arm's length away and it's worth remembering the truth in one day at a time...I'll not drink with you today.
It kind of depresses me when I think that no matter how long we're sober a relapse could be just around the corner. Thanks for sharing your story.
...and you are saving my ass too! This post was very helpful for me to read as i have relapsed innumerable times. I need to remember that one drink leads me slowly or quickly into despair. It never fails. I would like to think I'm not completely dense but this pattern makes me wonder. Thanks for the reminder today.
Great post! "The slope had been greased.." Chilling and effective way of putting it.
nice post good work..
Thank you for sharing your story. I know we must remain vigilant. 
&gt;and started drinking because I thought I could moderate...But why did you start thinking that you could moderate?  If you stopped for over two years and then started thinking you could moderate something happened before that in your mind to prompt you to start justifying drinking again...By the time someone has some sober time under their belt and then begins to think that they can moderate some shift has already taken place in their psyche.  Something has prompted an urge to drink or use again and this urge prompts cognitive dissonance and denial wherein the person can justify to himself that he can again drink that it will be different this time that now he can moderate...So what happened that prompted the urge to drink that then dragged in the thoughts of denial and false hopes of moderation to justify giving into the urge to drink? What happened to prompt the thoughts of moderation to justify the underlying desire?
This is awesome thanks for sharing!
Thanks for sharing this! 
Thank you for the perspective--every sober day is a good day.
And thank you for being here with us :)
Heavy heavy stuff. Thanks for sharing. 
Bravo!!!!!! One day at a time! :)
Don't think what it could have been look at what it is...Every day sober is a blessing.
Thanks for sharing your story...I am so fearful of things like this happening to me.  Most if not all of my friendships involved drinking.  I know a great many people can relate to that.  I have not had any disrespect from my friends from quitting nor have I felt judged or anything negative really.  BUT I have a fear that one night I'll let my guard down.  There will be a bottle passed around a camp fire innocently and I'll take a swig.  I get so anxious thinking about it.  I tell my SO often when she wants to go hang out with friends at the pub or go to an event where people will be drinking... (none of them drink to excess mind you).. I don't want one drink I want many drinks.  That's why I can't have a beer.. or a cocktail or whatever in between.  I stick to sober people sober places and that helps.. but I don't live in a bubble.  I don't expect everyone to not drink around me.  I avoid it when I'm tempted but I fear the day that I won't be tempted but take a drink from a place of comfort instead-- and down the rabbit hole I will go...Anyway your post really got me thinking about things.  I am glad you are with us and today I won't drink with you.
Thanks so much for this. Yours is the reminder that returning to past behavior gains nothing but regret. I can't speak for the future but I'm not drinking today.
Thank you for sharing your story. I have a similar one and deciding one day at a time to be sober is a very powerful thing. Good luck to you and I won't drink with you today! 
Thank you it must have been difficult to write so honestly. I will not drink today with you. Thanks to SD too. My son will never see me drunk.
Wow what a story. Thank you truly for sharing. It's posts like this that remind me why I do it.
Thank you for sharing your story. You have come so far.I won't drink with you today!
Great share. I feel you are now on your way " to infinity and beyond" because your experience has grown your wisdom. I feel your regret at my age I have tons of regrets which led me to keep drinking. But now I just look forward and especially ODAAT.
"For reasons still not clear to me I did shots of tequila after nine years of sobriety."  Reading this specific experience helped me alot tonight by reminding me that I have a daily reprieve contingent upon the fitness of my spiritual condition.  I have heard so many relapse stories like this it scares the sh_t out of me.  Little warning little thinking little apprehension just bang - picking up was the next thing I was doing.  We only have today but today we got it.  Best wishes to you in regaining the peace and serenity you know are there for you.
I remember your "me not best" story. I'm really happy to see this update. ..Losing those 50 feels awesome right?  I'm a new man in many respects and that's one of them. People that haven't seen me in a little while don't even recognize me. Literally...Keep going friend!
Thank you for sharing. Several days ago I could have been celebrating 20 years but 2 years ago I said fuck it after a divorce. I'm celebrating 2 days now but I'm sincerely grateful for them.
Wow--thanks for sharing. It's inspiring hearing your story and knowing how quickly drinking could seep back into my life no matter how confident I might feel. Just wanted to let you know that your comments make this forum a better place so thanks for being here and congratulations on your sobriety. Keep going!
I just read your story and could almost substitute my name! I had 12 years sober and decided I could be a moderate drinker. (The big question for me is why I want to be a moderate drinker given the negatives of drinking.) I actually pulled it off sorta for a couple years. Then I made a major geographical move &amp; found the desire to drink overwhelming. The desire was present 24-7. I'm still struggling - on my third day now. Reading your story helps me much. 
