-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hlsc2/went_to_my_first_smart_meeting_tonight_or/

Actually my first meeting of any kind besides seeing my therapist every week...My class schedule had interfered with the SMART meetings but my semester just ended so I was finally free to attend one. AA meetings happen often here and I've considered going out to one but I never have. (I'm worried it's not for me but I am open to the idea of going at least once to try it out.)..I've hung in there fine without meetings and I've been getting great support from my girlfriend and my mom and they've been right there for me when I've needed it. Still I've been having a hard time the past few weeks with motivation both in committing to sobriety and working on improving myself. I've never felt in danger of relapsing but I have plenty of cravings and there are plenty of times where my enthusiasm for being sober wanes. That's why I decided going to meetings might be a good idea and SMART sounded like a good fit for me...I really enjoyed my first experience there. Posting here gave me a good idea of what to expect: a diverse group of people just like us. I felt welcome relaxed and not out of place at all. I think these meetings will give me a nice boost in terms of motivation and I intend to go back. I'm excited to have another sobriety tool in my arsenal!..I've only made one thread here and it was just a few days after I decided to be sober. Now it's been over 13 weeks and just a week shy of 100 days. It's certainly been a journey and at times a hell of an effort. I would like to add that I've continued to read SD and comment occasionally during that time and it has helped me immeasurably. I would definitely not be here without you. Thank you to everyone for all of your support kind words stories and motivation!..I'll not drink with all of you today. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you for getting professional and personal help.  Good for you for 93 days too! 
I will not drink along with you today!   Glad you found another resource to help you.   I want to try a meeting someday too.
That is awesome! I am so glad you found help there! Keep us posted!..And CONGRATULATIONS on 93 days!
