-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hmlqo/my_sinister_friend_kept_all_his_promises/

I remember my first drink.  My childhood buddy and I had both turned legal which was 18 where we lived.  We decided  well let's go get something to drink and watch a movie on television.   We'd not consumed alcohol before.  We purchased 151 proof rum and mixed it with Coca-Cola.  We watched the Battle of the Bulge.  Then we waged our own Battle of the Porcelain Throne into the wee hours.  ..I didn't like alcohol.  The first three attempts many months apart all ended in sickness.  My body rejected the attempts to poison it.   Did I get the message?  NO!   I was determined to  learn how to drink.'  I finally learned  success' by my senior year in undergraduate school.  By the time I matured to the  professional and career' world alcohol was no longer the rejected foreign stranger.  No alcohol came to me in the guise of trusted Ally.  ..The Ally would materialize at times of awkwardness and stress.  The Ally would present to me with a knowing smile an inviting gaze and in a warm and understanding voice would extend its right hand and open it to show me the  Promise'.  The Ally would whisper  Here you can reduce your awkwardness; you can be witty and charming; you can fit in; you can be self-assured intelligent better looking; you can be successful; you can be powerful; and more!  I'm your Ally.   With a pat on the back the Ally says  You Can Have it All!  I Promise. ..The Ally became a trusted confidant.  The Ally could be called at a moment's notice.  The Ally was ever ready willing and always had more.  The Ally reminded me  I Promise you can have it All.    I considered the Ally my close friend and treated the Ally accordingly.  I made time for the Ally.  I invested in the Ally.  I thought of the Ally ever more frequently.  I day dreamed about spending time alone with the Ally because I had found that the Ally really wanted me to its self.  Whenever I tried to spend less time with the Ally I began to see the Ally had a jealous streak.  It would act out and be more demanding.  The Ally would explain  I promise you!  You can have it all! ..Later as time passed and my concomitant time with the Ally increased we became inseparable.  At certain times I would want to spend less time with the Ally.  At times I did not want to BE with the Ally.  But it was demanding.  The Ally reminded me that we had a deal; that it  Promised me I could have it All.   I began to notice that the offers extended in the right hand were becoming smaller and there were fewer of them.  They no longer had the original bright and shiny patina and were become weathered and withered...Then at some point I noticed that my health my relationships my spiritual nature were withering.  Where they once seemed like full fresh plump grapes sun-kissed and glistening with morning dew upon closer inspection they were getting dark and shriveled like raisins hard and dense.  Everywhere around me things were failing.  I turned to my Ally.  I turned to get the Promise that had been discussed over and over.  ..I saw my Ally approaching.  I was a little desperate for relief.  I looked to the Ally's right hand as had become my habit.  The open palm was there but it held nothing of substance now.  Just some dust.  Confused I looked into the Ally's eyes which had a strange light within.  I'd never noticed that before.  I had always been too focused on me and what I wanted.  I said  You Promised!  You Promised I could have it ALL!   ..The Ally looked at me and slowly a sinister smile began growing.  In a salubrious voice the Ally intoned  Yes I Promised.  You can have it all.   I stare expectantly at his right hand now containing just dust motes.  I complain  there's nothing there now!   Confusion on my face he points with his right index finger at his left hand and says  Well there's This .  ..As he opens the hand I'd never noticed previously I see a glistening mass  .oily slick slimy moving and squirming.  I can see many things that bubble to the surface for an instant only to be reabsorbed with a wet sucking sound as the pulsing organism breathes.  I catch glimpses of regret remorse sadness empty promises broken trusts loss fear stupidity pain sorrow ugliness chaos drama and occasionally the Death's Head glides by  ..The Ally whispers  Remember I Promised you can Have it All.  Well  THIS'   indicating his left hand  goes with  THAT    pointing to his empty right hand.  The Promise of drinking came true.  I had it All.  ..Attribution:  This is my experience with the struggle to stop drinking and the imagery that came into my mind was sparked by a post from u/bossbobross yesterday.  .
----------immediate responses--------

yeah the unadvertised specials the insanity clause (not an option it turns out) the slime that becomes "normal"...thanks for this....
Love your posts! So much insight and wisdom.  Thank you. 
Great post. I can relate to that well. 
That's really cool. Here's an alternate ending:.."The Ally looked at me and slowly a sinister smile began growing. In a salubrious voice the Ally intoned  Yes I Promised. You can have it all.  I stare expectantly at his empty right hand. I complain  there's nothing there now!  Seeing confusion on my face he points to his outstretched middle finger in his right hand and says:  Well there's this . He then brandishes his hand in my face and smiles devilishly."
Wow! That was great!.
Great writing. Love it! Hits home with the truth in it but also gives me a chuckle albeit a rather nervous chuckle!
Nice PG!  Damnit though would you stop making me check my dictionary. #salubrious  :)
The promises your Ally made are the same that my Ally made. The lies your Ally delivered are the same that my Ally delivered. Thanks for writing this op. 
This is fabulous.  It makes me want to write my own version (which definitely shares some of the same qualities and experiences).
