-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ho79v/51_days_sober_and_feel_proud/

Hey all just felt like checking in today as I made it pas the 50 day mark. This is the longest I've ever been sober since probably 13 or 14. I recently had an event I really struggled to stay sober but checked in mentally and asked myself how drinking would have made the situation better...I've been going to AA but I still don't really feel like it's for me but I take what I can from it and try to attend once a week. I'm checked into SD pretty much all day and try to read a lot of posts but I think the biggest thing for me is the therapy and taking mindfulness/meditation classes. It really helps keep me in tune with what's going on inside... Also understanding what depression is and how booze isn't going to make it better or rid me of shame self loathing and a longing for something that is no longer real...Just felt like high fiving myself here. My family my SO and friends are all proud of me and the effort I am putting in but I think I am most happy for myself. I'm definitely seeing a new side to life and who I am when it's not dimmed and numbed by booze...Thanks for listening!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  You are making awesome progress!
Awesome job brother! Stay strong! 
And Proud you should be \o/
Really happy for you!!
We are almost at the same point- 52 days for me. Like you this is the longest stretch that I've been sober since my teens. I used to practice meditation regularly I need to get back as I think it'll be very useful...You definitely deserve a high-five! Here's to a shiny Star 2 for both of us very soon!
Congratulations! ..It is great that your family and SO support you and the hard work you have been taking. I love what you said about life "not dimmed and numbed by booze". I feel the same way...Comin' up right behind you with 50 days today myself one day at a time. 
High five from me too! You should be proud! Keep up the great living.
Mindfulness &amp; meditation are powerful tools. Congratulations to you!
Happy to hear it. Let's keep it up a day at a time. : ) 
Well done
I'm happy to high 5 you right back!
Woohoo!!
Good job. Its not the last drink that gets you drunk. In my case it was the first one.....
Me too! Yay us! XD
Awesome job! I'm at 54 days myself :)
