-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hqvc5/on_rock_bottoms/

I know this might be a difficult topic to talk about for some. I keep wondering if I'm close. But I also wonder if I have to hit it or if it would be different this time. I think that's what's jarring about the idea. The lexicon implies a singular - *The* Rock Bottom. But it doesn't feel like that. I'm early 20s out of college dropped out of grad school within the first month and since then it's been nothing but months of in-and-out of the bottle - again. I feel like I've been here before. Before recently I had something I called "The missing Autumn" to my friends and loved ones. Three years ago; my absolute lowest. But you know you gotta make humour out of it and give it a comical name to share with your friends - What's living without laughter. I used my one sober hour of the day to share with you all since maybe I'm not the only one with this on the mind...An entire 5 month period of your life just gone without a trace or memory. That's scary. But it's also inspiring when you have that confidence that it's behind you gone you've survived the toughest. ..I remember the turn in high school. No more parties get better grades "*go back to your old self*" - weird thing for a high school senior to say to herself - Before my second rock bottom all I could imagine was the first; the pain of that time and the joy of walking out of it. That's also how I remembered that missing Autumn - a hellish period giving me confidence through the knowledge that I got out...And now I don't know where I am. I don't know what's worse or better. Been off the happy pills about a little over a year now. And that helps. It's good to feel like yourself again even with the pain. I think controlling the drinking is easier when you're off them. But the drinking is...well definitely here. I wish there was some way to know if it's worse now than it was that Autumn or worse than the high school rock bottom...I spent a lot of time in college (3 undergrads) all writing/literature related fields. I should have known this would be impossible without grad school. I don't exactly regret dropping out. MFA just isn't for me. Been unemployed in my little studio apartment for almost eight months. There are no job prospects for me. I'm living off random grant money and left over university paychecks. I saved enough for my meager expenses for a limited time but another 3-4 months and I'll be completely tapped out...I'm still off happy pills but the drinking is daily about a blackout a week occasionally 2. I almost always stick to pills and drinking but a couple weeks ago I won a bet with a friend and she offered to pay me in grass & snow. I accepted; you know fuck it. So that happened for a very weird week of my life. It was new and weird and as someone who sticks to my two best friends bottle&pillcase I feel like this is symbolic of something. I have a handful of friends I still see but nothing close to what it was. Bridge burning seemed to be my specialty in the past year...It's the first time in my life I'm not doing *anything*. I'm not accomplishing or working toward anything I'm not getting any professional accolades as I had most of my adult life. I just feel sort of here. The 3 dollar carlo rossi at rite-aid definitely doesn't help. I've turned the weekends into vodka time. I start my day with a drink now. For the first time in my life I finished a handle in 24 hours. The blackouts I can handle. The cheap stuff a first cousin to me. But the doing uncharacteristic things that's a different beast. I can't fool myself into thinking this lifestyle is normal for me even with the knowledge and familiarity I have with my alcoholism it just feels different...Some say that certain alcoholics are functional and some not. I believe it's blurrier than that. A person can oscillate between being a functional and being a non-functional. Our lives are these huge complicated things and depending on other factors anyone can be anything. I ask myself if I'm functional. Then I'll blackout and immediately go sober for two days to prove to myself that I'm fine. And immediately after those two days I'll blackout as celebration of being functional. Or I'll do an important thing while drunk - pay bills have lunch with someone I care about submit a short story somewhere - and it'll go off without a hitch! That time. I've been doing these little checks for months. Months that include drinking all and every day. ..I'm working on the novel and my dissertation but only a little here-and-there. It's not as much progress as I should be making...And I feel it getting colder. I've been asking myself a question for the past few days: Am I close to rock bottom or at rock bottom? And I start thinking about the concept. Is there a way to know if you're close or must you have that glistening Robert Downey Jr eating burger king on the Grand Canyon moment where you realize you are *at* the bottom? If you're even thinking you might be at rock bottom does that make it a certainty that you are? What do I do now? Or can I just will myself into not believing I'm at rock bottom and go about life normally until it turns around?..I think for people struggling with alcoholism the concept of "rock bottom" can be amorphous and emotional. Certain staples of our lives that represent who we are can be found in rock bottoms. Maybe I'm only speaking for myself but the two rock bottoms I've had before this were emotional experiences and surviving them shaped me and gave me new hope for a sober or at least sober-er future. ..Or there can only be *one* and everything before isn't the true rock bottom...I don't know. But I know I've asked myself lately if I'm there. And that's a frightening thing to ask yourself...Just thought I'd share this with you guys. I know we all have our own versions-of and beliefs-around rock bottoms and wanted to start this topic and discuss. Also just feeling the way I have been I wanted to share with others; and please feel implored to give advice...Thanks. Take care.
----------immediate responses--------

God this is such a lovely and insightful post in terms of what a "bottom" is...It's definitely different for everyone.
I'm actually quite suspicious of the term and I think I spent quite a lot of time dithering over whether or not I had hit my own personal rock bottom...just as you are. My last binge was not nearly as bad as some others I've had but I was just...done. Don't see any point in it anymore. It's not me and it's not a valid part of the life I want to live. Lots of people say "rock bottom is where you stop digging" and that's definitely been true for me so far. Best wishes.
It's clear you're a writer your thoughts are excellently written...On the topic of "rock bottom": I think the phrase is a little bit hackneyed and the concept can actually be harmful. One doesn't *have* to reach some previously unfathomable low to be encouraged to seek sobriety. I wasn't at my absolute worst ever when I quit drinking for good but I had been in a holding pattern for a long long time with no prospect of improvement on the horizon. I could have let it get worse achieved a more dramatic "rock bottom" but I'd spent enough mornings hungover and feeling sorry for myself.
I sincerely believe that "rock bottom" isn't a place but is instead a metaphor for being sick (disgusted) and tired of where alcohol has taken us: physically mentally in our relationships (if we still have any) in our careers (if we're still employed) and in our legal consequences.  If we choose to keep digging there is always a deeper bottom at least until there isn't. 
I didn't have a rock bottom. A couple of exceptional low points stand out from my drinking career but they didn't directly cause me to quit (I stopped drinking in February and have had a couple relapses). ..I quit drinking after a pretty normal night going out with friends and getting too drunk pissing off my girlfriend sleeping poorly and waking up with a hangover. Truly nothing exceptional   especially compared with some of the other shit I did...Not everyone needs a rock bottom as a catalyst to stop. You just have to decide whether you're the kind of person who does...I enjoyed your post. Keep hanging around!
I know I didn't bottom out. I just said "I'm done." Still say it daily I'm through with alcohol. When the pain of continuing in the current path is worse than the pain of change then a person will change. Thankfully I hit that point long before the road got anydarker and scarier where the wild things lurk. 
I don't know about rock bottoms but I do know about the oscillations between drinking/highly productive and sober/unproductive and drinking/unproductive and sober/highly productive..........hopefully you get my point.  It is very difficult to convince yourself to stop drinking when there is constant shifts between these four conditions.  I don't think everybody experiences all four but I do.  I can relate strongly to what you are saying here.  I think many can but I also think for many drinking means only unproductive and downward spiral towards rock bottom.  Thanks for the post.  It got my mind racing. 
Bottom is where one stops digging...Rock bottom implies the use of high explosives and heavy equipment.  It is best not to go there...There are people in my AA group in prison who kept using even after imprisonment on a significant sentence and even into solitary.  I've know others for whom a warning at work or home was sufficient.  There really is some degree of choice involved if only on a minute to minute basis.
You will never catch me using the phrase: Well it can't get worse now..Because through my experience I found that it can ALWAYS get worse. When things are bad I really have to redouble my efforts because going from bad to worse can happen and can really wreck me...In terms of drinking it's my opinion that the best time to stop is BEFORE you hit the mythical rock bottom.
What u/Snake_Oil_LLC said (and others).  And I don't think that it matters.  I also love the saying "the bottom is where you stop digging." I can't imagine for myself what you describe for your own alcohol and other substances consumption.  Absolutely no judgment in that statement...my consumption pattern was mine and I reached a point where I decided I wanted (**needed**) to stop digging but had I continued to use I might have gotten to a very similar place as you. That why to me there is no definitive rock bottom.  In fact I think mine was a deep thick gooey muddy mess nothing solid at the bottom of it at all just more to keep sinking into deeper and deeper until I drowned. Like quicksand the more I struggled against it the further I sunk.  And I decided I didn't want to drown so I actually stopped struggling.  *Stopping drinking was stopping struggling*.  And that allowed me to catch my breath and slowly -- one day at a time -- work my way out of the goo. My plan is to be working my way out the rest of my life so that I can live my life. Blessings on your journey. ..edit: spelling
Everyone's bottom is different. I didn't get to the point of losing jobs family etc. But it was clear to me that it would eventually happen if I carried on drinking. So I chose to stop riding the elevator/lift any further down stepped off sought help and took action to address things.
Agreed very lovely insightful post. I remember vividly when I hit "rock bottom" 12 years ago with financial instability maxed-out credit-cards severely overdue bills under-earning asking family for loans couldn't pay my rent and I started doing Debtors Anonymous b/c I truly felt my life had become utterly unmanageable and I needed help beyond what I'd been able to ask for up to that moment because of my shame. In contrast I've always been a high-functioning drinker I never thought drinking made my life unmanageable; indeed I'd managed my drinking well enough to be fairly successful in my first career of journalism and my second "career" of grad school (an MFA in creative writing followed by my current four-year stint in an English PhD program). Your post made me realize I was seeking some sort of alcoholic equivalence to my financial/debtor rock bottom but it never came. Instead like many who've commented here and elsewhere in this subreddit I had an elongated series of bottoms until my latest one this past Saturday when for the fourth time in two weeks I'd binged and said things to friends/comrades I both regretted and couldn't even remember because I blacked out part of the evening. I realized (a) this was an unusually rapid prolific series of black-out episodes for me; (b) that they'd occurred at one of the most stressful periods of my adult life a moment of great accomplishment but also great adversity; and (c) that I was clearly self-medicating with the alcohol but rather than it helping me "blowing off stream" as I used to think of drinking it was fucking hurting me by causing depression and suicidal ideation. When I woke Sunday early afternoon wondering why I was having such severe ideation unable to get out of bed I started to put two and two together; when my partner who'd witnessed the previous night's episode with fed-up disdain told me later that day he wanted me to quit drinking I realized I too wanted to quit drinking I'd already come to that conclusion in the course of my rumination that day but when he said it I realized consciously it was what I wanted to do too. Granted this decision was the culmination of his and my talking on and off about my quitting drinking over the years as well as my on-and-off discussion about the same with my therapist over the last year in particular (not to mention some recent queries from close friends) but nevertheless I'm fascinated that I didn't hit what I think of as rock bottom but rather simply reached a moment of startling clarity. Anyway dunno if any of this is helpful to OP or others but thank you all for your posts on this subreddit: they've been so helpful in my very nascent sobriety. :)
