-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hyx3c/being_criticized_behind_my_back_after_moving_out/

Long story short two years ago I said I quit the first time I was 75 percent at that time after my trip to the ER again. Time went by I got a new job and started picking up the pieces and a woman came into the picture I started slipping then dui six weeks in jail dodged a felony. I moved 500 miles away for treatment this time outpatient and sober living. ..I completed the program got a job and transitioned I'm almost 150 days. I'm starting a new career in IT and that's my focus below staying sober and mentally balanced everyday. I'm friends with one guy from the program and he is basically telling me that everyone is waiting for me to relapse and that I'm spending too much time alone. I've always been a lone wolf so that's me they recite this unless I have some sort of personality change I am doomed. ..I have a sponsor we work the steps and the biggest thing I have done is grown up through all of this. I don't feel like I need to make AA and/or this disease define me I will gladly go to a meeting when I feel like I'm off I guess I'm asking am I wrong?
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 143!  You've worked hard and it's working!..First me and then some "speculation"...For me I drank over 20 years and I was desperate to be successful at "not" drinking.  I recognized that my "Condition" wanted to kill me.  Alcohol killed my brother 11weeks ago and you can read about that at this link if you're inclined: [Buried my Brother](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/46kenl/buried_my_brother_please_reach_out_to_loved_ones/).  I know this S$&amp;* Will Kill Me...My Condition wants me alone it's jealous and it wants me to isolate.  Toward the end of my drinking career that's where it had me.  I embraced my program (therapy tools meetings fellowship CBT AA and service).  If I could point to any "one" thing it's "Anti-Isolation".  Alone I'm vulnerable.  When I'm with my Support Network I'm protected.  My Condition is lurking stalking me whispering in the night and "outside in the parking lot doing push ups while I'm in a meeting."  I think of my "Condition" as a predator wanting to separate me from my pack and then attack.  Now that may sound dramatic or paranoid but I saw my dead brother.  ..Now speculation:  I'm not there.  I'm not you.  I respect that you're here sharing your story.  That's healthy.  I can't say what the intentions are of those people.  I've learned through my work on myself that I need more patience tolerance for others acceptance of others' points of view.  I think your colleagues care about you.  I think they want the best for you.  I think they know that "isolation" and being apart from the pack (fellowship) expose you to danger and they care about you.  They know this S&amp;$* is 'out to get you'.  They hear 'I'm a lone wolf' and they see a bigger Predator that can Eat a Wolf.  I think they love you.  ..I hope you'll reach out to them. I hope you'll talk to your sponsor about what I perceive as your resentment toward them.  I hope you'll find some gratitude for having people who care about you.  ..I hope you don't get separated from the pack...Peace be with you.  Just for Today I Don't Drink with You.
Many people here on SD talk about Dry People/Dry Places as being very important and it is BUT that is not when I like to drink.  I am a self described "lone wolf" also. My favorite times to drink are when I am alone at home.  I truly believe that for me ISOLATION is my #1 threat even though I love it.  I work a job where I am inches away from people's faces all day and sometimes these faces are often scared and in pain.  I deserve some damn isolation! Right?..My insatiable desire to drink does define me unfortunately to a point.  I think it always will.  Most people don't like to isolate AND drink like I do.  The more I can stay active with people in healthy environments the easier it is for me to stay sober.  For me pushing myself into these situations is hard sometimes but I equate it to a hard workout.  I may go into a workout feeling like crap but I come out the other side feeling great...I don't know if you are like me.  I know we are all different.  This is my experience in general. I wish you well and hope that you continue to succeed with your endeavors.  
Congrats on 143 days! I can't tell you if you're wrong or not. Only you can decide if you are isolating. Going to meetings and doing the steps with a sponsor are great I'm not sure what people are even gossiping about? Some people make AA their whole lives and want to see everyone else in the program do the same. I'd just ignore the people like that and continue on. Best wishes!
there is a saying in Alanon "other peoples opinions of you are none of your business"..congrats on moving on - make some new friends
I have a career in IT and for most of the time I work alone physically - I communicate through email messenger conference bridge mainly. And that really suits my temperament it's the ideal job for me. I once did a series of psychometric tests for a job interview and they defined me as an "Experimental Lighthouse Keeper" - and I got the job !!..However I live by myself. I'm an alcoholic but I haven't had a drink in six years. I find that I have to go somewhere in the evenings to be around people and talk about any issues that are troubling me because past experience tells me that if I don't I will drink...As an alcoholic I am blessed to live in a town with over 40 different AA groups so most evenings I'm at a meeting. If however I were to settle down or maybe go back to my wife and kids I'd have them to talk to in the evening and perhaps I'd do less meetings but for the time being I happy to live by myself and visit AA frequently. ..I know other people who practically live in AA and just visit life. I'm not like that - I just visit AA one hour everyday the remaining 161 hours in the week are all mine :-)
Wow you are much further ahead than I was at 150 days.  At a 150 days sober I was a know-it-all jerk who was barely able to listen to those who knew better than me because they had substantial time sober and experience.  I suppose the only thing I had going for me was a willingness to stay sober and work the AA program.
I worry about isolating myself. I can work from home so I can fate times I choose to do that and I don't see anyone all day. I have my husband and the meetings at night but there are still the times when I don't want to anything but crawl in my bed and isolate.  I know I have to get out there more. I rarely share in meeting either. I don't want to set myself up for a relapse. 
Most people don't want other people to succeed because it belittles them. Not only in sober life but in everything. I'm too often in the guy that wants other to fail something I have to work on in sobriety...
If you feel ok you're OK :) It sounds like they have a recipe for recovery all down pat to the point of superstition and you aren't following it thus you're doomed. 
I spent two weeks on a psych ward a month in rehab and another nine (or ten?) weeks in an Oxford house. Given the incredibly high relapse rates of sober living (I went through four roommates in that period) -- I felt pretty accomplished "graduating" from Oxford instead of getting kicked out. But I also heard the whispers that I'd left too soon that I wasn't focusing on my recovery enough by opting to move back home and work a full-time nursing position. The anger I felt was two-fold: I was mad that they were doubting me but it also made me doubt my decision to start picking up the pieces of my old life. ..I did fine. My biggest friend-critic started drinking while he was in his fifth (?) month in sober living and can't string together more than a few weeks these days. The lesson I learned is that while I should always be open to suggestion (the Oxford house was a "suggestion") ultimately my recovery is my own and it's up to me to own it. ..I'm fairly introverted and drank alone for the most part. I found the sober living environment to be challenging in both good and bad ways. If there was one other person in the house and she was in the living room watching bad Lifetime tv I was expected to be there too -- it was exhausting. But getting out of my comfort zone at least for a short while was definitely helpful to my overall recovery.
I don't have any experience with being in a sober house but it seems to me that the decision of when to leave is very difficult and personal. To me it sounds like you have a good situation to go to with structure and responsibilities and rewards (ie a job job) and I hate to say it but maybe people are a little jealous of that?
I don't like letting the disease define me either which is why I say 'My name's [so-and-so] and I'm alcoholic' at meetings instead of saying 'My name's [so-and-so] and I'm *an* alcoholic.' I leave out the indefinite article using the word alcoholic as an adjective and not a definition. A small thing perhaps but it's significant to me -- I'm still me after all not a label...But I do go meetings regularly not just when I feel 'off'. Going regularly keeps me 'on' all the time.....
Isolate was the word I was trying to reach anyway I don't get nagged by the desire to get loaded I grimace at the market when I see booze on the shelves but I know it can all turn around for me quickly in a bad way. ..Sober living wasn't bad until they moved in a sex offender with me and they knew that is how my sister died so I couldn't face that guy daily and was told he wasn't moving so I moved out. I enjoy company just one or two people at a time ..I generally get uncomfortable and fatigued being around crowds I have always isolated even when I was a kid. I want to be sober so I am I'm literally sick of the heartache and the potential I have wasted all those years I am 36 and broke I want to meet someone to spend the rest of my life with so I'm working on becoming the best me I can be. Thanks for all the advice 
