-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4hzltj/listlessness_in_sobriety/

Long time lurker first time poster...I've been working on getting sober since March of 2015 trying to find a recovery method that actually works for me. I used to relapse every six weeks like clockwork until I finally found a good mix of therapy and AA. After a terrifying relapse in February have been sober for two and a half months now. This is the longest I've gone in literally years...I'm going through what my therapist calls a "caretaker" phase in sobriety where I'm basically feeling bored with and indifferent to most things. It honestly feels like low level depression. Basically I have a part-time job that pays better than most full-time jobs that I legitimately hate and that is not really compatible with sobriety. I can't find the strength to leave because of money. As it stands the highlight of my week is the AA group I joined. I genuinely like a lot of the friends I have made there and they have played a huge part in keeping me sober...Overall I'm experiencing a feeling that can best be described as "is this it?" My life is much better than when I was drinking but I feel emotionally neutered. I was just wondering: is this a common feeling in early sobriety? How has anyone who has also experienced this dealt with it and moved forward?..I will not drink today and thank-you to the SD community for helping with my sobriety. I usually read a few posts a day.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I know what you mean I had the same grey feeling a kind of anxious languor...not pleasant. It's just part of the process while your brain rewires itself like the ache from a healing broken bone. It will pass. Feel the feelings and -- most importantly -- *give yourself permission* to feel the feelings. It's ok to feel shit. 
Good for you!  At 2 and half months listlessness was a pretty normal sensation.  It took some time for my central nervous system and body to recover from the pounding my daily drinking did to it.
Many thanks for this post - it puts into words exactly what I have also been struggling with recently after 85 days sober. To be honest I am not sure if this is related to other situations for me of if it is associated with my quitting. I would try to devote some time and attention towards thinking about it and resolving but I just don't I have the energy :).However - I will also not drink today. I refuse to give in to the idea that I can fix this by drinking again - that is not a solution. Good luck and hang in there!
I experienced something similar which was followed by a period where I often vacillated between either deep sadness or intense anger.   It's evened out over time. ..Incidentally I quit a job that I hated about four months after I stopped drinking. I've been amazed at how much improved my mood has been since I left it. 
You articulated feelings I too experienced and sometimes continue to experience. I really appreciate your post! This is why I find it helpful to live each moment in the moment because some moments really suck and other moments are better. I remind myself that all feelings eventually pass.
