-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4i1ke1/business_event_must_attend/

I've been committed to a week long business event in the territory I cover for my company (large finance/insurance company). I've represented us for 3 years and every year we spend a few months putting plans together as this next week is an important part of business development. it involves a lot of golf free everything and sponsored tents at a festival. ..The past few years I've gone I've not had problems. I drank a good amount (maybe 10 beers over several hours) but no trouble and my relationship with alcohol had been normal in my life...This year I've struggled with drinking and am obviously trying to quit at least for the next 6 months if not longer...I cannot back out of this since it is so important to my career. I do believe I can have fun not drinking during the social parts since I move between groups so frequently no one will notice I'm not drinking. ..My struggle will be fighting that little voice that tells me one drink is ok. I've done well the past 6 weeks with one slip up just keeping busy with work and family and kids. But next week I'll be 7 hours away with lots of people that will want to go out do things...I just need to get through those moments of weakness. If I can beat next week I can do anything...I'm planning on a fairly strict workout regimen that I wouldn't be able to adhere hungover. I'm also going to bring a book I'm excited to read since reading drunk is pointless...Wish me luck!
----------immediate responses--------

Luck is for the ill prepared. I'd make a plan for things to do and people to call if the urge strikes and also have an exit strategy for each event I might need one. 
Not going is always an option.  In most cases the best option....
I find it helpful to be really clear that that little voice in my head is my addiction and calling it such. When I hear those words in my head I name it as my addictive brain trying to sabotage my good work. I acknowledge the words vs trying to suppress them. And I name the healthy part of my brain that is working toward sobriety and recovery and ask it to help me battle the monster. It seems like a bit of a silly tool but it's something that has worked for me.
"If I can beat next week I can do anything"...just a heads-up when I've gone in with that sort of attitude and then was successful afterwards I decided to "reward" myself...with a drink. Be careful of the post-event mindset if you do make it through. 
