-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4i22eu/benefits_of_sobriety/

I have been on this subreddit all throughout my Recovery Journey including my years of trying to moderate my drinking unsuccessfully and my years of relapsing. This is an amazing community and I am thankful for all of the support everyone gives. Whether someone has one day or a thousand I find reading their posts helpful in my sobriety...When I was new in recovery I felt really helpless. I didn't think that things could get better because I lived in chaos for so many years. I kept on asking for timelines specifically when will things get better? I wanted to be assured that things got better. So I would like to take a moment and celebrate the benefits of sobriety that I have seen in my own life because I think identifying them will be helpful for me and maybe it will help someone else as well...Things I've noticed that have gotten better because I chose to get sober.....My anxiety is a thousand times better! I still struggle with anxiety and insomnia and I suspect I will throughout my life because I'm an anxious person. I was anxious before I started drinking and I think I drank to manage my anxiety. Truth be told the best thing I did for my anxiety was get sober. Better than medication better than therapy...My sleep is so much better! Particularly in the first few weeks of sobriety my sleep was terrible. Deep down I was worried that I would never get a good sleep again. Once again I used alcohol to sleep. The thing is even on nights where I don't get enough hours of sleep my sleep is such a better quality then when I was drinking...My relationships have drastically improved. Not only because I am becoming a more honest and authentic and present person but because I am choosing to be more social. I thought I needed alcohol as a social lubricant. Nope! Turns out that when I am doing something fun like boardgaming my anxiety about social situations goes down. I used to struggle with being social and was quite the hermit. Now I enjoy going out several times a week. Go figure!..I have found that I can use my coping mechanisms that I used to get sober like playing it Forward distraction feeling my feelings vs numbing them out etc are useful in tackling other problems. I actually have real helpful coping mechanisms!..There are also little benefits like being able to drive anytime of the day no matter what. Do I need to get some cold medicine at 1 a.m. because I feel like crap? I can!..My work has improved. I'm no longer calling in sick due to anxiety and hangovers. I am becoming more dependable and reliable and trustworthy...I'm now able to tackle childhood stuff that is lingering. I am a child of an alcoholic and addict mother. This damage to my emotions and psyche but I can work on myself. And this work is possible because I am sober...I just thought I would share a few things off the top of my head. Believe me I could go on forever. Thanks for listening!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;  Do I need to get some cold medicine at 1 a.m. because I feel like crap? I can!    ..What is this sorcery?!     .Lol I'm actually so very fortunate that on the odd times I've had to get out in the wee hours for some kid thing or 9v for chirping smoke detector I hadn't been drinking. But I look forward to errands at off times and think back to how wow I can do this because I'm not drinking/drunk/hungover. 
Thanks for sharing. Here's to coping on a daily basis and properly stowing the "baggage" best we can!
Great post my friend.  Early in sobriety it was all about stopping the negative consequences that I brought upon myself.  With *sustained time sober* something miraculous happened: I came alive as an adult.  I embraced sober living and all the remarkable things you describe plus many more.  I rejoined the human race. :D
Thanks for posting this deedee I can relate.  Doing the work to heal childhood scars was not possible for me until I stopped drinking.  
This is an awesome post!!!  You are a shining example to others and proof of what can happen when we take our recovery slowly but continue to work at it...I really love seeing SD success stories!!  Thanks for taking the time to post this.
When I was driving to work this morning I saw flowers and crosses by a tree on the side of the expressway and it happened to be a place where a drunk driving accident had taken place. Sadly enough I had driven on that same expressway drunk several times yet I never went to jail or had any other serious incidents (thankfully). I can't believe the things I used to do and actually get away with! In any case I'm thankful for my sobriety and I can definitely understand your happiness about being able to drive anywhere anytime :)
