-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4iaf3q/i_didnt_make_a_week/

I can't believe I couldn't even go a week. I went to dinner last night with my parents and their friends I begged my mum to let me stay home because I knew I'd struggle (the friends are big drinkers) but she didn't understand how serious I was. So in the end I had to go. ..She left midway through and then I proceeded to have a whole bottle of wine. Came home threw up all over my bed and have been a mess all day. I've wasted a whole fucking day...I'm so angry...The only plus point has been I got the courage to tell my mum exactly how I feel about my relationship with alcohol- as in in this moment in time I can't have one. She gets it now. She gets that if I want to leave somewhere early or don't want to go at all- I have to be allowed to do that...Clock resets today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Too bad about the reset but well done on coming clean to your Mum now you have support from her it's another weapon in your arsenal against the booze. Don't beat yourself up about busting just keep your chin up and try again. Stay strong be good to yourself.
Unfortunately there's no WikiHow or life pro tip article for battling addiction. It's all a long continual learning process. I feel at this time that my sobriety is an apprenticeship where i learn an entire new view of the world and how to operate in it daily. This is a grand learning opportunity that may have provided a valuable tool. Appreciate that. 
Glad you were clear about your needs. I have to do whatever it takes to protect my sobriety regardless of whether people around me agree or understand. I've been mostly lucky in receiving a lot of support but there have been times that I have incurred the displeasure of my family by doing what was right for me regardless of what they thought. The longer I've been sober the more they have seen the positive changes in my life and the more they trust my decision-making about what it takes for me to stay sober.
