-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4idi72/i_lost_someone_to_addiction_today/

A friend of mine lost her boyfriend today. I remember having a heart to heart with her when she had just started seeing him. She expressed her concern over his struggle with addiction (alcohol and drugs) and the fact that he's already been in rehab at least twice. But she saw the good in him and they started dating. On Thursday he was found unconscious. He was flown to the hospital and put on life support immediately. The doctors couldn't even pinpoint all of the drugs that were in his system. My heart is breaking for my friend. I can't imagine what she's going through. And this entire time I've been thinking of them and praying he would pull through I've been thinking about ME too. That could have been me. My addiction could have killed me. I'm so thankful for sobriety and this second chance at life. Don't ever take your sobriety for granted. Don't let your guard down. This is a disease that will kill us if we let it. Stay strong my friends and keep taking it one day at a time. We will make it through this. I love you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Some shall die so that others may live. As heartbreaking as the situation is for your friend her boyfriend's family and you this man's death may not be in vain if it helps someone somewhere recover from addiction. At the very least it has stiffened your resolve and mine to stay sober. This disease will kill us if we don't. Thank you for sharing. I wish you and your friend peace during this difficult time.
Thank you for sharing this. My heart goes out to you and your friend.
I am so sad to read. Thank you for sharing. Sending some redditlove to you. Stay strong!
So sorry for the loss both you and your friend have suffered. It's a hard lesson that drugs and alcohol will murder us if we let them. Addiction is a terrible disease. 
My heart goes out to you and to your friend. Thanks for reminding us keep our sobriety first and foremost in our lives. You have encouraged me today. Thank you.
Thanks for sharing. Sorry for your tragic loss.
Thanks for sharing...
