-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4idw0g/that_shirt_looks_a_bit_big_oh_and_8_months/

I went to a family thing yesterday and wore a casual shirt that I've had for a year or so...On the way home my wife said to me: "That shirt looks a bit big. You used to fill it out a lot more."..Since I stopped drinking I've taken up cycling and really ramped up the road miles in the past two months. I've dropped about 16-18lbs so far and have about another 12-14 lbs to go before I reach my true "fighting weight". ..I've got a plan to do my before and after pics once I get to where I want to be...Oh and it's 8 months on my star today. Any white belts out there struggling day-to-day know this: I barely noticed the past 30 days fly by. One day at a time is where it's at.
----------immediate responses--------

Nice one!..I'm 41 days in and I think I've dropped about 12 or 14 pounds. It's amazing how much energy you have to exercise and eat right when you're not getting shitfaced drunk every day.
Well done!! For me it is not yet 3 weeks but I noticed the start of the same thing. Its a good feeling ;) 
NDV!  (not drinking victory)
Good to hear.. Weight hasn't come off yet because of all the candy.. Will try to get on the bike this week! You inspire me! Days 60-90 are dragging!! Determined to make it!
Congrats!! ..It's only been thirty one days for me but I was drinking a bottle of scotch a day for a really long time. I've always managed to stay under 120 (for reference I'm five feet tall) but I stepped on the scale today and I was 111 even! I'd love to get back down to my 18-year-old weight of 107 (I'm 24 - does anyone know if this is even a good idea?) but for now... just watching the weight drop off is amazing...It's awesome how not drinking means no more loads of empty calories more energy to exercise and newfound willpower to eat better.
I must be an anomaly since I have gained a few pounds. When I was drinking I had zero appetite and got scary skinny. Even my doctor was telling me to gain weight. ..Now sober I have an appetite again. 
