-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4iia9n/psa_it_may_not_just_be_the_alcohol_get_the_help/

I'm 90 days sober today. After the first month or so I had a new and very powerful lens of introspection that came with the sobriety. I realized that I've been using alcohol to medicate a lot deep rooted issues I have. Not drinking is getting easier but dealing with myself has been a lot harder. I've been dealing with a lot of anxiety and depression most of my life since I was really young and before I even started drinking. I think I've been using alcohol to essentially make a poor attempt at medicating myself which we all know how that goes. But being sober has made me realize something: I am fucking exhausted of feeling depressed and wanting to kill myself all the time and not knowing how to handle real life and relationships in a healthy way. In my exhaustion desire to be better and with the support of my wife I reached out and am seeing medical professionals and therapists with what I am going through. They are telling me I have borderline personality disorder which honestly I'm still learning what that means. I'm being prescribed anti-depressants while I go through therapy so I can learn how to be an emotionally functioning person. I believe that through the struggles and pain there are going to be a lot of good changes in the not so distant future for myself but honestly I still wouldn't have gotten to this point if I didn't stop drinking...Mostly I just wanted to say that if you've stopped drinking and you feel like it's not enough and has opened a mental can of worms so to speak then seek out help it's worth it. Also thanks for everything this subreddit does. You guys & gals are awesome.
----------immediate responses--------

Facts. I feel like I could have written this. Therapy is exhausting but I've really benefitted from it. Happy to hear you are as well. Congrats on 90 days!
[removed]
Dialectical Behavioral Therapy helped me the most. It is becoming more common and is usually very affordable. .I use all the tools . Including AA.  Keep working on yourself it all comes together.  Sober /SD hugs.
Congratulations on 90 days! I'm glad you have a support system and are able to get the help you need. Thanks for sharing. 
Congratulations on 91 days AND for doing the work!
