-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ilcm8/i_am_so_so_sorry/

I am basically swimming in self-hatred right now. I went out drinking last night already drunk of course after swearing to my mom that I was still sober. Somehow I spent $42 at the bar no idea what the fuck I drank past my first beer. My account is now overdrawn I feel emotionally/physically like garbage and I have to somehow get through a closing shift at work without bursting into tears. I've been relapsing constantly since January which has resulted in me having half-remembered unprotected sex with like 6 dudes. Yaaaay. I threw 8 months of sobriety away for this. Grape job me. ..I really need help. I don't know what that is right now I just want to be okay again.
----------immediate responses--------

What led up to this relapse? I tried to learn something every time I fell off the wagon (or jumped which would be a more accurate description of some  of my relapses). Best wishes.
I'm only on day one so I can't offer you any real advice. But if it is any comfort I have been there. I have done what you just stated. Take it one day at a time. Starting right this minute. 
When I came back from relapse I asked myself what was I willing to do to get sober and stay sober.  I KNEW there was an answer.  For me it was to go all-in and that's why I share the [Baby Steps post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) because that's how I began.  It turns out that the only prerequisite to getting sober is the capacity to be honest and it sounds to me like you are right there.  Now if this were me I'd commit to taking action. 
hi there :)..Humans have a strange relationship with time..we seem to think it works differently than it does. You haven't thrown away eight months... you used them wisely and soberly. No matter what happens ever nobody can ever take away what you did with those eight months.  ..That said you've done it once you can do it again.  The pain of relapse won't be fixed by drinking it away...you have all the tools you needed last time still. ..My suggestions:..* Get yourself the full pathology to make sure you're safe after unprotected sex (hugs...happens to us all).  ..* Do you have a psych/therapist? Check in with them?..* Admit to yourself how and why you screwed up then give yourself a hug tell yourself you understand make a plan to stop making the same mistake again and forgive yourself. Pretend it's your best friend and be exactly that supportive towards yourself. ..hang in there. Best of luck...you can do it again...-Talie
Hey life's not a game and you didn't lose a life and have to go back to your last save point and lose all your progress! Those eight months count and they're goddamn impressive. You did eight months which means *you can do it again*. 
Hey now no reason to be so hard on yourself. Your 8 months of sobriety were 8 months that you got to experience! We don't say we've thrown our entire life away just because we die at the end - middles are important!..You did 8 months once and you can do it again. But honesty is important - I bet you'll actually feel better if you go back and tell your mom you lied and you're sorry and you want to change. It's such a relief having loved ones at least on the same page - if that's an option. Join an in-person support group if you can find one. ..Look at what you *have* accomplished too! You've admitted to yourself you have a problem you're looking for a solution. You're going to be OK! One day at a time right? I won't drink with you today. Big hugs.
Find a local AA meeting. Try it if you don't like it they'll give you your money back. (that's a joke b/c it's free.) Nobody will judge you they've all been there. They'll give you numbers to call (only other women) and they will do everything they can to help. You are not alone. 
You're back and that's what matters. We believe in you.
HUGS..I feel your pain it's been such a struggle these past few months. So much denial. .We are gonna be ok. Never stop trying.
Coolcrosby had my answer. I went "all in".
Sorry to hear you're going through such a tough time. I had a lot of self hatred too. I started doing things that were healthy and positive. That really was what slowly removed the self hatred.  And it actually started to make me want to do more good things because I liked myself more. Even the smallest things can get that started. 
