-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4infov/struggling/

I'm really struggling tonight. I just don't feel as steady as I feel comfortable being. If it were earlier I'd call someone so I thought second best for the time being would be maybe to submit this post...I'm just sad with my sobriety has brought a lot of awareness and sometimes awareness can be painful. I guess I'm just having a hard time right now accepting life as it is...Sorry this reads vague-it's one of those vague feelings of sadness that's been creeping in for awhile. Would just appreciate hearing how anyone and everyone else is doing this evening :)
----------immediate responses--------

Hey mate sorry to hear that you are struggling I know what it's like. I'm only a month sober how about you? I know what it feels like getting sober and all those feelings and emotions start streaming in can really get you down whatever you do don't pick up a drink it will only make things worse for you and have to deal with a hangover as well. I'm doing good it's early afternoon in Sydney Australia and am enjoying being sober watching Netflix how you keeping yourself busy checking in here is an awesome way to stay accountable.
I'm glad you reached out I know I've had some bad nights and needed to just get things off my chest. If you want to chat with some fine sober folks [you can click here to join the stopdrinking chat.](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/)  ..I'm doing wonderful this evening watching snakes on a plane and getting ready for bed lol.
I've had a few of those nights as I'm sure we all have. When I really struggle I like to reminisce on all the stupid things I used to do when I was drinking. That usually straightens me right up...But yeah the awareness the feeling... it can really suck. 
When I feel that way I snap out if it by thinking about how beautiful life is. 
Thank you for reaching out during such a dark time. The sadness creeps in slowly and can suddenly overwhelm. Keep talking. It helps. 
We all have these feelings. It takes time for our bodies and minds to adjust. I know my alcohol lizard brain would try to trick me into finding a reason to drink. I read someone's post here and they said sometimes we have to embrace the suck. Sometimes I just have to hang in there and find a distraction. Posting here with the good folks at SD is a great help as you are probably already finding. I know it helped me. Edit : Noticed how much time you have sober you are an inspiration. 
Hang in there think about that amazing 531 days of freedom you've had so far. You can do this. You'll feel 110% tomorrow.  Just get through today. All the best. 
Glad you're here.  The ebb and flow of emotions.  I think it's part of the life experience.  The tides come in and out.  Flowers open and close.  I've found the more I "experience" a negative emotion the more it dissipates.  The more I experience a positive the more it expands.  ..
