-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ip3la/program_success_rates/

So from doing a little research and reading posts here I've seen "success rates" for different programs which are generally extremely low. That's of course a bit disheartening but I'm wondering how they're calculated...Is it the amount of people that stop drinking with said program and never return to drinking? Is it people that stop drinking then go back to booze forever? Or just people who have relapsed?..I'm timidly starting AA and got really discouraged seeing the "5% success rate" but if it's calculated on the fact people relapse (with most coming back but losing a few along the way) then it's a lot LESS discouraging. I of all people know how difficult the battle between alcohol and motivation can be.
----------immediate responses--------

It is true that the rates of long term sobriety are low. At it's simplest form that may sound discouraging. There is an interesting thing about statistics and that is that they can be used to say pretty much whatever you want them to. ..Lots of folks use them to say and sell things all over the place. So lets spin this one for you "20% of people achieve long term sobriety" (assuming that is even remotely  fact). Now if you wanted to spin that negatively you could say "80% of addicts relapse". A better more positive way of looking at it is that 20% have done something differently than the 80%. Anyone can do things differently if they really want to. Find a way to be one of the 20%. You can do this....
87 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot. ..To put it another way I am not a number I am a person. 
My brother got his masters degree in statistics but became so disheartened by how statistics can just be made up that he left the field. For that reason I never fully believe statistics like the one about AA.
I didn't pay much attention to statistics when I got sober I didn't find them particularly empowering. Instead I'm just focusing on doing what I need to do to stay sober. ..One statistic that I did find motivating which I think I read on a leaflet from my doctor showed that relapse probability was lower in the longer-term abstinent (I'll try to dig it out later - think it was looking at 6 months sober) and that motivated me to start putting as many sober days between me and my last drink as I can...All I know is that I'm doing what I can to stay sober and I'm grateful for the company of those who are doing the same.
You're right to question methodology on these as it makes a big difference in how "success " is defined. The one clear thing is that recidivism for alcoholics is very high. Since this is basically a matter of probability I felt like my best shot was to do as many things as possible to move those odds. So yes AA. Yes therapy. Yes SD yes meditation. Can I afford to not do one of those? Maybe but what does finding out I can't look like? My experience has shown me that what works is giving it all you've go regardless of where you are and continuing to do so. It's not complicated- it's actually really simple just difficult to stick with.
Statistics apply to populations:  a large number of people.  What happens to each individual is not knowable from statistics alone.  For me that means I will not drink today.  Rinse and repeat.
There are three kinds of lies: lies damn lies and statistics.
The fallibility of statistics aside there simply are no reliable statistics concerning AA precisely because it is anonymous and the organization doesn't divulge such information - or even track it to my knowledge - and rightly so. ..All we can go on is our own experience and the advice of others so we must try and keep trying until we find what works for us.
The 5% success rate quoted for AA is something that we've debunked numerous times.  It's bandied about as if it's fact when the reality is that it is virtually impossible to statistically establish success rates for an anonymous population.  On the other hand there are surveys that test certain "captured populations" like VA in-patient clients have demonstrated [significant positive success rates.](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/does-alcoholics-anonymous-work/)  Regardless as we all point out our experiences matter and whether AA or any other approach--real life support and fellowship is a proven path for personal success in recovery.
Here's the [wikipedia articles on AA effectiveness studies which includes a debunking of the 5% figure quoted by Dodes et al.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Effectiveness_of_Alcoholics_Anonymous)
Thank you all so much for your replies. I'm probably subconsciously seeking a plan to self sabotage X_X But no matter what I won't drink today!
I think the anonymous nature of the program makes reliable stats virtually impossible. I've always had an issue with what exactly constitutes "success". If "success" means that a person .never drinks again ever within their entire life then perhaps AA really is quite low. I believe however that there is great value in every single day that an alcoholic remains sober. Even if they relapse the sober days they accumulated still count for something. It's far preferable to spend a day sober rather than waste a day drunk. AA has led to millions of sober man-days that would have otherwise been spent drunk and in that sense it is a great success in my view.
