-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4iq8dd/4_years_sober_with_no_aa_just_realized_i_have/

Hi guys. I'm looking for a little insight or some shared past experiences. My experience is a bit unique.  I actually used this sub to make it through my first year as /u/toastedjelly. But thats besides the point...After a few years of sobriety I felt and feel certain I've kicked the desire/craving/physical and psychological battle with alcohol. I don't want to sound boisterous but without confidence we are drunks right?..I realized recently that I had subconsciously been making amends to people from my past. Mostly small things. It began to come to light last year following some tragedy I'd rather not get into now...I have since taken a more conscious speech approach to this step? In my own stubborn path through getting sober.  I've reached a big one huge one in fact for me.  The woman who was there for me from day 1. My fiance.... Ex-fiance :( ..When we met I was somewhere in my 2nd or 3rd relapse (out of 4 total) anyway she had helped me to get sober despite the fact or....actually perhaps unknowing of the fact that I had seriously betrayed her trust when I was a drunk. When I was drinking.   A moment I honestly don't recall happening at all :( ..Now I sit here.  Unable to make amends? Or whatever you want to call it to her.  Unable to finally right the largest wrong in my entire life to the person I loved the most.  It is the most .......It F'ing sucks..We are....WE were not talking to each other . now its just her not talking to me and I am worried I'll be stuck forever with this awful rotting feeling in my stomach...Any words are appreciated. ..However I am at least pretty positive that AA and I are not the right fit...Thank you all and ...congratulations on being sober today! :)..Edit: sorry I've since lost access to the reverenced account above :/
----------immediate responses--------

Making amends is part of a process which starts by identifying our own shortcomings (there is big battle of word on this - let's keep this simple). Then we need to outgrow the mess we were in. I can see how standing in front of a person we have hurt without having the appropriate perspective on ourselves can feel awfully wrong. It's probably a good thing you find someone to break down the issues with you before showing up to any Amend talk. I know you dislike AA but it's pretty good at helping you with that.
Well if she's "not talking" I've learned that the next best thing I can do is to "carefully" write a letter to the person...I've learned To write it and set it down for a day and then review it the next day.  ..Then I set it aside for two days.  Often items will percolate and bubble to the surface.  I then edit my letter.  ..Now I'm ready for someone I trust close to me (similar to a 'sponsor' which I don't know if you have) to read it and give me feedback.  What I'm looking for is to be certain I've written it from a place of humility; that I've owned what I did; that I've said I am sorry; that I've avoided excuses or explanations for "why" I did anything (all 'reasons' are worthless I never did anything for a 'bad' reason); and I ask "if they will accept my apology" and secondly "ask for forgiveness".  I include a phone number and my address...If I've accomplished that I am ready to mail it...Then it's done.  I have no control after that...Is this what you're asking?
"actually perhaps unknowing of the fact that I had seriously betrayed her trust when I was a drunk. "..I'm unsure about something...are you looking to confess to something you think she may not know about?..There's a caveat to step 9 - "except when to do so would injure them or others". It's not absolving ourselves of guilt.
Amends can be tricky and they don't necessarily 'right' things...Thing is if she wants no contact - that must be respected.  It is that simple.
[removed]
I know exactly how you feel this post really hits home for me. I had and then lost a great girl because of my addictions and my inability to be even remotely honest with her (or myself) about them. When i started to face up to my problems after we were no longer together I reached out to her and confessed all the shit I lied to her about while we were together and asked her to forgive me. She said she did but that was the last time we ever spoke. She has since gotten married and we have both moved on but reflecting on how I misled and manipulated her still gets to me sometimes also. I hold on to that pain because it reminds me of the kind of shit I'll pull if my demons are in control and that helps keep me sober today. While I'm glad I sought her out and made amends i believe living a goodhonest and sober life is a way I can honor her in addition to the benefits it brings me if that makes any sense.
