-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4iqm9h/coming_up_for_air/

That's what the first day of sobriety has felt like after my almost weekly relapse since I blew my 75ish-day sober streak. Same cycle of anxiety compulsive hoarding of alcohol (buying way more than I actually need) just to dump it out in the morning hungover and disgusted with myself just to buy more as soon as I get off work.  I've been doing the same thing every week start drinking Saturday afternoon  chase the high sunday drink on Monday just to feel better then Tuesday I'm so exhausted and sick I stop. By Thursday/Friday I'm feeling good again and then by saturday I've forgotten the lesson and dive into the dark water again...I know I'm playing with fire when I make that decision to have the first drink on Saturday. I know that I could easily not return from one of these mini-benders. I'm not sure why I have this self-destructive urge inside of me. I need to quit fucking around. My girlfriend knows me as a person who does not drink at all and I've been keeping these benders from her. I don't remember our phone conversations on the nights I'm drinking...I dumped out the beer that was in my fridge this morning.  I am going to dinner with my girlfriend after work and I'm going to tell her what's been going on. Im going away for Army Reserve training this weekend  so i will get through saturday without an option to drink.  Going to focus on today though. Today I won't drink.
----------immediate responses--------

This is the exact same cycle that I have been on. My boyfriend would tell me that we talked and I'd have no idea.
One day at a time. A support group and therapy gave me the help I needed to stay sober. 
Oh man that sounds exhausting...Please keep an open mind regarding a recovery program if you continue to struggle on your own.
"chasing the high sunday"..-the more I read sd the more I realize that there is no end to the perfect descriptions of alcoholism.  I would quit drinking M-F which quickly became M-Th and then M-W.  This was followed by a good buzz on Thursday and then gross bingeing starting Friday night through Sunday morning when I would "chase the high" on Sunday.  I then had a 20% chance of missing work on Monday and 90% chance of feeling like a Zombie on Monday...Well put friend.
