-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ir2vd/when_you_reached_rock_bottom_how_did_you_stop/

Hi all - I received a call from a good friend saying she needed my help...A few years ago I hit rock bottom and went to detox. Fortunately for me the thought of losing my partner was enough to help me stop drinking. I was prescribed antabuse for the negative reaction. I tried AA a couple times but it wasn't for me. Though I still struggle with cravings and just seeing a liquor bottle. I've been sober for about 3 years now...My friend just got her 2nd DUI in 6 months she's in her late 30's. She's facing 30 days jail time plus all the other things that come with getting a DUI...She came to me because of my history. What has worked for you guys? She asked about rehab which i have no experience with. I don't think she needs detox because i don't think she's addicted to alcohol like I was...Where should i tell her to start?
----------immediate responses--------

Me?  [The things I describe at the Baby Steps post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
It's different for everyone I think. There's no one right way...I've never been to AA but I know it has helped a lot of people so she might want to start there. You could also invite her to hang out here. In the early days of my sobriety it was absolutely amazing to have a "support group in my pocket"...What worked for me personally was figuring out my motivation and then working from there. I tried quitting for its own sake or from general sense that I was drinking too much and that never worked. Taking a look at my life and honestly seeing all the ways alcohol was keeping me from living what I feel to be a good life was a huge first step.
I went to AA every single day even though I hated it at first. I got people's phone numbers and called them every time I thought about drinking. I got a sponsor and worked the steps and then went on to help others. 
I got sober in AA and that worked for me. I took actions around why I drank and today I don't experience cravings nor do I have any desire to drink. I'd start by suggesting she check out AA as well as other mutual aid groups if she's open to  secular approaches to recovery.
If she has DUI going to AA will probably help her and lawyer with case. Show positive active steps. It could also help her anyway hearing everyone's same but different experiences. As to detox and rehab for her? That's questions for her doc. I think being there for her to relate to and encourage is best. Like everybody else she will need to do this for herself. 
Rehab started my recovery journey. I recommend it. However not everyone goes this route. AA helped me a great deal. 
When I reached my bottom I ended up in the ER and then the psych ward for suicidal ideations. A few days later I was enrolled in a outpatient treatment program for 5 weeks plus 12 weeks of aftercare (group therapy once a week). It was extremely helpful. Some people need residential treatment at first because they can't stay sober outside of outpatient treatment. I was fortunate to be able to live with my parents for a time. ..One of the first recommendations in rehab was to attend 12-step meetings. I was very reluctant at first but decided to go as a way to make new sober friends because I knew I couldn't be around anyone who was still drinking. AA has been great for me. I attend about 4 meetings a week and have a sponsor.  
I went to the ER and would definitely recommend medical attention. This is a serious condition and I took too many chances in the past; I had to do it the right way. When I got out of the hospital I immediately went to counseling and logged on to SD; I've been engaging in all of these venues and it has helped me tremendously I couldn't be more thankful.
