-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4isa02/cant_stop_thinking_about_drinking/

I'm now eighty days sober & for whatever reason I can't stop thinking about drinking today. I don't know why I haven't had cravings like this in a long time. I just miss it for whatever fucking reason my brain keeps reminding me of all the good times & not the many many bad times. It's just not fair having to be an alcoholic like why can't I just be able to have three or four beers & stop? I've relapsed once before & I know that I can't moderate it just can't be done but I so wish I could. I guess I'm jealous of all my friends being able to drink normally while I can't.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm jealous of mine too. It's not fair. But I'm stuck with it. Blech...Can you find something to distract yourself? Taking a walk works great for me. Have some tea or a big glass of water or whatever your favorite NA liquid is. Do some personal maintenance like brushing your teeth or ironing some clothes; clean the bathroom or vacuum the house. Reading works for me too because it puts me to sleep. How about calling a friend?
Oh and something else--I just discovered an app called Calm. It's guided meditation and breathing exercises. You can download it to your phone and listen with your earbuds. It works surprisingly well for me especially since I used to think meditation was BS. :-)
What actually is there to be jealous about?  If they are actually drinking moderately - it's not much fun.  If they are "still getting away with it" well we both know how much fun the end of that's going to be.   For me the realization that I never HAD to drink again kept me remembering I did not want to go back there....
Same exact thing happened to me when I relapsed after 80 days not so long ago. I regret that and in hindsight I should have gone to a meeting instead. I realized very quickly that drinking was not at all what I wanted after having the experience of being sober for that long. 
I do it all the time: it's called "euphoric recall." From Wikipedia: "Euphoric recall is a psychological term for the tendency of people to remember past experiences in a positive light while overlooking negative experiences associated with that event(s). Euphoric recall has been cited as a factor in substance dependence as well as anger problems. Individuals may become obsessed with recreating the remembered pleasures of the past." ..Giving it a name helps me to see it for what it is: part of my alcoholic thinking.
