-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ivijx/one_year_sober_reflections_and_beforeafter_pics/

Hello SD. This past year has been tumultuous scary hopeful and life-changing. Anyone who knows me (asl: 43 M Boston) in any social context knows that I have always drank very heavily. This has been the case my entire adult life. At some point this went from being funny to being sad and occasionally horrifyingly embarrassing. I lost a lot directly and indirectly due to drinking. Where I was once surrounding by a big group of friends I found myself mostly alone drinking...A year ago faced with life-changing circumstances I had a choice: continue swimming toward the bottom of the bottle or try to summon the strength to imagine a different life for myself. I didn't think it was possible. Drinking (sadly) was at the core of my identity. Everything I did revolved around it. I treated it like a hobby as if paying for top-shelf alcohol and droning on about its characteristics for hours made me something other than just a drunk.  ..I took a couple weeks off work and went to intensive outpatient rehab. I got a counselor and starting talking out my issues. I took it one day at a time.  ..I went to AA though I was VERY skeptical of it. It has turned out to be an amazing source of support and friendship. I especially have benefited from smaller discussion type meetings especially men's meetings. I find that it's easier to open up in that context and I imagine it's the same in women's meetings too. ..Through AA I started to see how anger and resentment led me to drink the way I did and how I could live my life focused on joy and hope instead.  ..I also started seeing a psychiatrist and getting actual treatment for anxiety and depression. It turns out booze isn't medicine for those things; it's fuel.  ..I also turned here to SD. Every single day. I read about your hopes and fears your triumphs and struggles. I laughed and I cried with you. You helped me every step of the way.  ..I drank myself senseless nearly every day for 25 years but here I am looking forward to another day of sobriety. If I can do this so can you! It's not easy but you can do this one day at a time if you reach out for help.  ..I am just a stranger on the internet but I care about you. You can do this. You are worth it...[Then](http://imgur.com/zZpyapp)  ..[Now](http://imgur.com/i8u86v9)
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations Baby DINO!!
Thank you for sharing your story.  Congratulations!  You look great!  Happy and healthy. 
I LOVE your post! 44 m here. Can you remember when you got your first week under your belt? It seems like it took forever in a week. Many emotions running through my veins for me the  one that scares me the most right now is... Fear. I'm afraid. People like and post like these really helps. Thank you. I will not drink with you today! 
Wow-you look great! Nuff said.
Very inspiring! You look super happy and healthy! Thanks for sharing mate
Way to go! Looks like we had the same realizations about drinking around the same time. I don't know about you but this whole reinvention thing is invigorating. I'm 49 and feel like my life is just beginning. Congrats!
YES THIS IS AWESOME!!!!
I LOVE the photos. Congratulations.
Aw you look brilliant!  Congratulations on your year! :)
Congratulations friend! Thanks for sharing a great post with us!
You have just described me too! I'm M 45 London(ish)...Beer was a hobby an obsession - I knew hop varieties by taste and smell. I brewed it. I was the go-to guy for beer advice...I too drank daily for years - probably about 15 in my case. Today is the actual 8th month since my last drink. You're exactly 4 ahead of me.
Congrats arowan! You look great!
Man! LOVE THIS! I am 44 and started here at 42yrs. Your story is very similar to my own. I don't have the awesome before and after photos though :) glad you made it out and will look forward to your updates. Congrats on 1 year!!!!
Nice work and great progress.
Congrats man you have a positive glow and look really happy
M44 here...Remarkably similar drinking story to yours. Brewed my own got anal about beer varieties etc. It's inspiring to see someone with a similar track record to me winning at this...One day at a time I'm doing the same. I will not drink with you today.
Your story really struck something in me!  Thank you for sharing.  The confidence in your 2nd photo is off the charts!  You look great.  I will not drink with you..
YAYY!! Congratulations!  Love the 2nd pic.  Thank you for the inspiration.
You look fantastic! Congratulations and thank you for sharing. I'm still skeptical of AA but am going to give it a go... 
You're rocking the Conan quiff love it! Congrads and here's to many more years!
You are so wonderful to share.  Thank you.
Love those pics thank you.
I agree with everyone else--you look fantastic. Congratulations on your year! I'm four days sober and new on SD. I vacillate between "I hope I can do this" and "I know I can do this." I know from past experience that two weeks is my danger zone. I rarely make it past that...P.S. "I treated it like a hobby as if paying for top-shelf alcohol and droning on about its characteristics for hours made me something other than just a drunk." &lt;--I laughed out loud. This was SO me. :-)
Awesome post! Thanks for sharing. Inspiring!
Hey!  Congrats!!  The second year can go fast - I try to remember where I was this day two years ago so I never forget how much I wanted to get to where I am now.  Happy 1 year!!
Thank you for sharing.
Hey there and congratulations on your first soberversary!! You look really happy and healthy!! It always makes me smile to think that even though we are strangers on the Internet we sobernauts really do care for one another!! Have a super day   
You look great man! Keep up the good work!
Great post. Strong work. Congratulations!
Congratulations :). So you summoned your strength and made a new different life for yourself - that's awesome my friend! You should be very proud of yourself. You're not just a stranger on the internet you're one of us a friend and a great source of strength and support. It's inspiring to see the differences in a year! :)
Congrats! You used every tool in the chest to get sober.  Great job!  I myself had been drinking for close to 20 years.  The alcohol used to complement the fun times. It eventually became all about the alcohol and not the fun and friends.  That's when I knew it had to change. Congrats again.
Congratulations man! Happy that you have found sobriety and help for your depression. I will join you in not drinking today :)
Congratulations on your whole year that is awesome! Won't drink with you today 
Great great post and great great job!.Kudos to you the pics tell it all. You look fantastic!
Basically I am you a year ago even the age checks out...I'm only 11 days in but this is really inspirational. I had my first sober AA meeting last night and it really gave me a lot of confidence...Thanks for the post. It was great.
Awesome stuff proud of ya!
Way to go!  Keep up the good works.  Your before and after is great testimony.  I wish I could get my mug shot from my last drunk or my rehab admission pic!  Thanks for the encouragement.
Thank you for this. Sheer inspiration. (asl? had to Google it - 63MJohannesburg - RSA) Yup - I had more than 4 decades of drinking before my wake-up call. .. 
Love this! You look handsome and healthy- nice work!
Holy crap man. Nice work! 
Well done congrats and of course Go Sox!
I grew up in Boston and hang out there often. It's a drinking culture with a city attached. Congrats on breaking that cycle. I wish I had that head of hair when I get to your age (at 33 signs say "not likely.")
