-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j43mc/reflection_after_relapse/

Many of you have seen the struggles I have gone through to fight this stupid disease. Even spent 3 months in a treatment facility etc. Some time ago I ended up drinking over some anger and isolation issues I was having and I was too ashamed to talk to anybody about it since everyone expected I'd be A-Ok after treatment...The shame and guilt I felt from this a lone kept me drinking for a few days. Then I'd stop and maybe a week later I'd start again. It's just been back and forth...Anyway here's what I learned:...I was so angry I stopped doing the work. I stopped meditating. I stopped going to meetings. I never got a sponsor. I stopped talking to the people I met in treatment. I stopped talking to my family. I was completely isolated. I spent 1-2 months like that. Even though I was still 4 months sober during this time I became severely depressed and then I couldn't hold on much longer after that....The other big mistake I made is I tried to go back to my old friends after treatment. The ones that are still drinking or drugging every night or every other night. I thought they could put the booze down for at least a couple hours to hang out even when I asked "Please no alcohol around me right now." but this was not the case. The few times I tried to hang out they reeked of booze and that set off a mental obsession. I white knuckled it through a few nights but it just wasn't worth it. This is when I became really angry because it was at this point I realize these people are not my friends....I shouldn't have isolated from my family. They just helped me get through treatment and we even did family therapy sessions while I was in there. This is how I repaid them. The guilt from this a lone hurt a lot...What I'm doing differently:...I personally need to keep going to meetings. I need to read my big book and daily meditations every day. I need to do my nightly reviews every day. I need to talk to *someone* every day. I can't isolate....My daily readings and meditations I'm reading those again. I just moved cities away from those "friends" and I'm living with my family until I can get established closer to the recovery community / treatment center I went to. I'm looking for a meeting to attend tomorrow. I'm looking for a new therapist also....When I drink when I'm isolated and depressed like that I drink to die. And this is a scary thought because I have no idea how close I've come to it though I imagine I've teetered on the edge of not waking up the next morning. I don't think I'm quite ready to die. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this post.  It made me realize the importance of reflection and continuing to do the work necessary for success even when it doesn't seem that important.   I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for this excellent post!..Your honesty with the struggles; the guilt you expressed; your awareness of triggers; the realization of the false hopes of pseudo friendship; the acknowledgement that my "Condition" wants me isolated; the remedies that you intend to enact; and the extent to which family and a support network can play ----  these are all outstanding observations!..I'm saving your post to share in the future.  ..It seems each day someone(s) are describing 'well I'm thinking I've got this'; or 'well I went back out and Wow I wish I hadn't'...I hope that u/turtlecage reads this...Peace be with you.  Just for Today I Don't Drink with You.
"When I drink when I'm isolated and depressed like that I drink to die."..Yes. That's it exactly thanks for perfectly articulating what I dont think I ever realized so clearly.
