-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j5jmq/after_a_good_run_i_have_become_somewhat_of_a/

I posting here to add a little to my accountability; to be hooked into something more than me.  I'm aiming here for another of those brilliant hungoverless mornings.  You know the ones where you feel almost zenned-out.
----------immediate responses--------

I caught myself humming along to my wake-up alarm tune the other morning.  I was already awake and making a coffee when it went off...  hats off to the hangoverless mornings.  You know what they are like - now go get em! 
Preaching to the choir my friend. I quit New Years day and made it 50-something days. Had a couple relapses then a couple more.... have reset my badge ALOT. But I am not giving up. Today is my day 2 (again). I will not drink with you today!
Congratulations on making it back!  Some don't..."Failure is not falling down but rather not getting back up".
Welcome back ! 
Same thing happened to me more times than I care to recount. The trick I've found is NOT to pick up that first drink. Once I do the mental obsession begins again even if I 'space' my relapses out with periods of abstinence I will eventually be back where I started...in pain and suffering and shame and regret. I make the pledge each day not to drink and all of my past 209 mornings have been zenned-out :)
Think of your inner addict like you do your cousin Tommy you know the one who is always asking for a small loan or to meet you for lunch and then says he left his wallet at home.  The one who borrowed your car and says someone hit and ran it and that his insurance agent is working on it - the one who promises to set you up with a really hot girl - but it turns out she weighs 350 and has a lesbian power tattoo on her neck and isn't being released from county lockup for another week - but when she is she'll need a place to stay and rides to her probation officer - the one who had you help move some stuff that wasn't exactly his... Fuck Tommy.
