-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j6rho/im_no_longer_a_frequent_poster_my_life_is_so/

I was reflecting on that driving to work today.  I'm at a point now where I am on an even keel and not posting everyday because I'm not always conflicted or crazy emotional.  I lurk everyday and post snippets to other folks posts (mostly newcomers they are the most important right?) but I haven't posted anything myself because I just don't feel like I need to.  I guess that is probably normal the longer you stay sober?  That's the way I see it.  Just wanted to drop a line to say the newcomer that reads this that it's possible just never give up.  I struggled over 20 years.  Tried to quit SO many times and only had one successful 2 year go about 10 years ago.  I drank as much as you partied as much as you and lived like a crazy person as much you.  If I can do it so can you.  I never gave up and now I'm going to hit a year later and my life has become so good and precious to me that I will never go back to using drugs or alcohol no matter what happens TODAY.  I have no fear of tomorrow and the past does not hold on to me.  Stay strong folks!
----------immediate responses--------

First off real happy that you're doing well. Go you!..Question :..How long did it take? I feel like I've deconstructed my old life but I have nothing to take it's place. I'm spending more and more time on reddit and I still find it quite hard to interact socially with people without alcohol.
This is just what I needed to hear today. I'm past the "newbie" stage (at least I think so) and am settling into sobriety. The little demon inside is trying to tempt me into "trying" moderation. Success stories like yours keep me on the sober path...Not drinking with you today! Congratulations on your normal life!..
Happy to hear this for you! Unfortunately I think this was my downfall not that it will be yours by any means.  I did conflict over how much time spent on SD was helping me vs keeping me down with all the relapses and constant reminders of how I felt in the beginning.  Anyway way I'm not commenting this to put you down or be negative but maybe for myself and to ask you to keep a extra light on for me in your mind... to make sure stress levels are at bay.   
That is wonderful keep at it.
Thanks for sharing. I can't wait to be there! Congrats
