-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jaxl7/4_days_sober_family_bbq_today/

So I did 4 days. The biggest difference that helped me stay sober was this forum thank God for you guys...Today I have a family bbq that I can't get out of. ..There will be tons of alcohol there plenty of drunk people and I'll be sat in the sun for several hours. It will be difficult...To be honest I'm not that worried right now. I have no desrie to drink at all but right now it's easy to say that. ..It's when I'm completely bored and feel anxious that it'll be a struggle. And of course the never ending list of people trying to get me to drink. ..I don't need alcohol. If I have a boring time sober it would still be better than a day wasted. ..I will not drink today.  ..Good luck to you guys as well. Fight the good fight..
----------immediate responses--------

Do you want to stay sober?  If this were me I would have a plan to stay only as long as required and then go find something else to do.  If everyone's drinking they probably won't notice if you leave early.  Having a plan is key for avoiding drinking in these situations.  If I have no plan I avoid places where people are drinking.  Good luck.
&gt;Today I have a family bbq that I can't get out of...I was unaware of any drinking events that someone in early recovery "can't get out of."  I did not know they existed...I know for me there is no way I would be going to this event.
Hey I totally understand where you are at. My very best friend's 50th birthday party was a mandatory attendance for me during early days of my sobriety and of course there was lots of booze to be had.  Here's what I did to get through:..* I told a few close people that I wasn't drinking. Some I told "why" and some I did not. I just made it clear that I'd be the designated driver and I was not drinking.  That helped me stay accountable during the party...* I kept a favorite non-alcoholic drink in my hand at all times. That way I couldn't be offered anything else...* I tried to keep engaged with folks there. Asking questions listening to stories helping out with the food. ..* I checked into this sub when I was sorely tempted. Even just reading posts on my mobile device was a good reminder why I didn't want to drink...* I had a ready excuse on hand should anyone question my drinking choices. I think it was "I can't drink with the medication I'm on" or something like that. Of course no one cared and no one asked but I felt ready which was helpful...Honestly it was tough but I felt REALLY good about myself when I got through it with no hangover to face the next day. Good luck. I will be thinking of you and NOT drinking with you today.
I have several branches on the decision tree. The context the setting and the requester influence which branch. Since you're asking here's my approach. First a disclaimer: I almost never get asked because almost no one either cares or my personal boundaries are secure and I don't get asked prying questions by non-confidants...So the first fork in the tree is "non-confidant" (someone not in my inner circle). That branch has two forks : professional career and all others. For professional settings I say either "I want to be clear headed" or "I'm taking some medication for which its contraindicated."...For non-professional and non-confidant it proceeds like this: "Why aren't you drinking?" (Caveat- I don't talk to drunks it's a waste of time so if they're drunk I just walk away).."I am drinking "(indicate glass with sparkling water juice tea coffee). That usually does it..If it proceeds to "No why aren't you drinking alcohol?" then I respond "tell me about your curiosity". Which usually gets them talking. I always remember that just because a question is asked I am not compelled to answer...If they continue pressing my next response is "I really liked Mattie Ross in True Grit who when offered a drink responded 'I will not put a thief in my mouth to steal my brains.' "..That pretty much does it...For my close 'intimate' circle I'm happy to share my journey and how alcohol doesn't fit my life any more.
I didn't drink.  I was tempted.  Temptation passed. ..Another day sober.  Onto day 5 I think !
