-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jbcrn/get_ready_to_not_be_who_you_are_right_now/

"Get ready to not be who you are right now."..That's a quote from a teenage cancer survivor on Humans of New York (the best thing on the internet IMHO). He's talking about how his diagnosis and treatment changed him. That phrase struck a chord with me as I consider how recovery has changed me. .Recovery is change...When I was struggling to stop drinking I was desperate to change  to not be who I was- but I kept doing what I had always done. I became increasingly desperate and when the breaking point came I was prepared to accept the facts that (A) I was screwed; (B) I needed help; and (C) unless I actually accepted help even if it was uncomfortable to do so nothing would change...It turns out that accepting help meant discarding a lot of old ideas and emulating the behaviors of people who had succeeded where I had failed. No amount of rumination could change my behavior. The new behaviors -*the actions I took*- changed my thinking over time. ..Thank goodness I'm not who I was but I still think an openness to change is necessary to maintain my sobriety. If I live long enough I'll get old. People I love will die. Good things and bad things will occur. All of these things will change me. My continued recovery (or lack thereof) will take place in circumstances I cannot anticipate...Am I ready? Am I ready to do it without a drink today?..So far yes. .
----------immediate responses--------

When I found my first AA home group they told me "Don't worry we wont change much only your while damn life!"..I'm happy to say it happened!!
So true
Good and bad things will occur.... Thanks for posting this. This statement helped me right now.
It's funny how I thought that I had all the answers yet I was miserable when I was drinking. Willingness to try something...ANYTHING new has been the key for me to have a vastly improved life. Turns out I had all the WRONG answers. I'm sure I'll feel the same way looking back on today in 10 years. At least I hope so. Thanks for this post!
