-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jcwf6/relapsed_last_night_after_a_month/

Well I was about 5ish weeks sober before last night but the cravings got the best of me. It's funny how when they get so bad your brain starts trying to make up excuses that would making drinking ok. I started blaming my mom for everything (she is helping me quit drinking) I tried to make it seem like this is my decision and that i will just not drink as much. I got drunk and I won't lie it felt great for a little bit. I missed the burn of the whiskey in my mouth and the buzz. At about 0100 am or 0200 though it started to wear off and it was about passout drunk time when I started to regret it. Woke up on my couch at 0500 and could barely walk. It reminded me why I quit. So now i just poured the rest of the fucking bottle out in the sink. What a waste of fucking $12. Welp guess I'm back at day 1 again. I will not give up on. I will quit. I have no idea how to get the cravings to go away but I will not do this to myself or my family anymore. I'm 23 I have way to much in life to do and i can't do that drunk.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're back after a 1 day slip! .I'm sure it's tough having your mom help you quit.  I know I can get mad at someone who is trying to help/teach me something and I don't get it right the first try...or the 15th try (thinking back to my sister trying to teach me how to snowboard- not quite the same as getting sober- but the frustration is real!!!).I just try to remember how tough it is on her side of things and make sure to be super appreciative.
It's great that you realised the tricks alcohol and your lizard brain were playing on you to get you to drink.  Many will suggest a solid backup plan for when these feelings emerge again - including jumping on to the live chat here at SD. Over a month is a great accomplishment and has not been all in vain - use what you've learned to power past a month and well beyond this time.  You've got this!  I won't be drinking with you today ! Cheers 
[deleted]
Good for you! welcome back 
