-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jfgit/struggles_of_feeling_isolated/

At 60 days today and am caving to post a rant.  Haven't really posted that much up until now.  It's been a moderately smooth ride have tried going sober before but was always in a situation where it was forced on me.  ..Doing this on my own fruition has certainly been a much easier experience.  If I sneak a beer the only person I'm cheating is myself and that's been a great deterrent for me.  ...I feel like I have good friends they're supportive proud of me blah blah but have been feeling a very strong and consistent sense of isolation lately...I don't feel the need to hit my friends up to hang very often don't feel interested or involved in their conversations when I do and leave events/get togethers I've been looking forward to feeling disappointed and disheartened with my social interactions almost 100% of the time.  Dating has been completely non-existant.  ..I've had a pretty active dating life up until now but man I don't even know how to begin to cross that boundary.  Just the thought of explaining my sobriety the squareness I feel all the time just doesn't seem like I could bring anything to the table....It basically feels like I have muffling glass wall between me and everyone else.  I can't think of anyone better than my friends to hang out with but I still consistently feel out of place and uncomfortable almost everywhere we go.  I feel oddly comfortable at home and when I'm alone but there is a creeping lonely feeling that comes around time to time...A lot of redditors have said going to meetings has given them their sense of communities friends etc.. but to be honest after attending meetings for the past two months I genuinely can't stand having every conversation with all of them turn to talks about sobriety.  ..I got sober so I could start feeling normal again and have a chance at a fresh start (even though unfortunately the many serious consequences I've created for myself will never go away).  For me hanging out with other sober people reminds me that I'm not normal and I end up finding myself dwelling on things way more and even feeling more tempted to drink than when I've been going my own way (reading hiking meditating etc).  ....I guess a better way to explain it is that I want to be able to exist in this world not just in the bubble of friendship AA provides...Has anyone else experienced this?  Any luck in counteracting it somehow?  Dating advice?..sorry for the rant.  thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

what about getting involved with other groups that have nothing to do with booze?..volunteer work an urban farming group a roller derby team a book club a language class....whatever your interests might be. maybe a local hiking group? is there a yoga or meditation center near you where you could take some classes?..getting involved with other like-minded folks without any pretext of alcohol might be useful? you won't get along with everyone but maybe you'll find those few people (or even that special someone) you really connect with.
[deleted]
Isolation and feeling isolated even with years sober were the main thread of the topic at my AA meeting yesterday.  The issue of dating was also a big part of the discussion as well. ..For me the answer is get engaged in recovery and sober activities.  Those of us who feel less lonely are those of us who are reaching out making friends and doing after meeting activities with one another.  At one time in my years sober (I had a whole other epoch of sobriety: 1986-2002) my happiest times were in early sobriety when I was single involved in an AA bowling and golf league.  
well I think you have to find a new group of friends because being with them is associated with acohol to you. And perhaps they have some sort of alcohol included expectations of you also. ..It is mostly in your head you are not the person that you used to be and because of that being with people who still view you the same can be hard. I'm not saying that your friendship is over but maybe a little break until you feel content with "new you" could be helpful. ..It is not only about sobriety. Such a shift in your own life changes a lot of little nuggets of that makes "you" special changes also even if you don't notice it
[deleted]
First of all you are normal. People have all sorts of issues that cause them to change their behavior so they can successfully manage their lives - alcoholism is one. ..Second I have been amazed in reading about high-achieving people I admire how many of them don't drink simply because it interferes in their life. To them drinking is like tying your shoe laces together and then going for a run. ..As for socializing and drinking achieving things in life makes for much better conversation than simply engaging in the brainless default behavior for most. I like to think about the difference between: "I don't drink. I am putting a lot of effort in to building my business which just expanded into three more states." versus "I can drink a six-pack. Woot! Are you drunk enough to hump yet?"
Dude the first girl I went on a date with when I was newly sober seemed totally unfazed when I told her I wasn't going to drink. She just said 'That's cool we don't have to drink ever.' My current gf had ONE beer in front of me ONCE on our first date. Since then we go to dinner the movies shopping and have an awesome time. Also (POSSIBLE TMI ALERT) sex truly truly is awesome sober. That was something I was very worried about. You got this. Most girls out there are not alcoholics and I have a theory are intreagued by a guy who is in control of himself. Rooting for you.
When I first met my wife I wasn't drinking and constantly had a soda water in my hand. Told her I didn't drink. Didn't faze her. If you meet the right person I doubt you not drinking will be an issue for them. She probably will think more of you. Best.
Glad you can rant here!  Congratulations on your 60 days on your own volition...Three phases for me...Phase 1: before I drank.  I made friends.  I made them over weeks months and years.  ..Phase 2: after I started drinking.  I made friends.  I made them over weeks months and years.  Interestingly the "friends before drinking" seemed to drop out of my life. (Actually if they didn't drink I just excluded them).  All my new acquaintances consumed alcohol.  Wasn't long before all my activities included alcohol.  Then alcohol became more central.  Then I excluded friends and activities to ensure that alcohol was The Central Thing.  I isolated...Phase 3:  I excluded alcohol.  I made friends over weeks months and years.  I engaged in many MORE actitivities than when I was drinking because there are MORE things to do...What I get from it:  I didn't take my "drinking life" and just extract alcohol from it leaving everything the same.  I created the Next Phase of my life.  It is built one day one friend one activity at a time.  The more quickly I let go of the previous phase the faster the next phase grows.  ..The same thing when I changed professions...Peace be with you.  Just for a today I don't Drink with You.
