-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jmbpj/hey_im_new/

Hi I've been debating for a good few years as to whether or not I have an 'alcohol problem' or not and have finally made the decision that I want to stop drinking...I'm 24 and have suffered with anxiety and depression for around 10 years. I have drunk alcohol regularly (not every day) for roughly the same amount of time and for the past 4 years have struggled on and off with feeling like I might have a problem. ..I think it is particularly difficult for young people because these days it is just accepted within society that a lot young people drink too much and get silly. 'Binge drinking' on the weekend is still not really seen as that much of a problem because these people aren't alcoholics. But I think that leads to people like me questioning themselves and assuming that they don't really have an 'alcohol problem' because i'm not alcohol dependant and everybody else is able to drink and not have an issue. So why do i feel so mentally out of control when it comes to alcohol? Why can't i seem to learn my limits?..I do not drink every day and sometimes I can have a sociable drink and be fine but for the most part when I start drinking I just can't stop. I am quite a shy person and more often than not when out with friends or at a family gathering i will drink to counteract that nervousness i get feeling awkward around people. When I drink I just feel like I'm more confident chatty and more fun to be around. But I just don't stop and then get to the point where i can sometimes act very recklessly and put myself in potential danger...My parents and my fianc  (who unfortunately lives in the U.S. while I'm in the U.K our visa application being another source of extreme stress at the moment) are incredibly supportive but I just feel so ashamed and embarrassed to admit to them that I am not okay. ..So here I am Monday evening knowing that i can't be the only one in this sort of situation even though it does feel like it a lot of the time. I'm interested to hear other people's thoughts on what constitutes an 'alcohol problem' and if any of you are in the same boat here...MKKitty.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Your description resonates with me and I suspect with a lot of people here. I drank in much the same way as you describe--I wasn't a morning drinker I didn't really drink alone and so on but when I started I couldn't stop.  It took a lot of work for me to moderate and I struggled (and failed) at it for years.  ..Eight months ago I finally (over a decade after you by the way:) ) recognized that I had what people call a case of the "yets."  I hadn't lost my job because of alcohol (yet) I hadn't ended up in jail or gotten a dui (yet) and I didn't have any really have any health problems from it (yet). But alcoholism is progressive and if I had kept on the way I was going I certainly would have had all of those consequences.  ..I finally listened to that nagging feeling the one that said that I have a drinking problem and I gave it up. Narratives (Sarah Hepola's Blackout etc) helped me a lot the ones that held up a mirror on my behaviors and named them as alcoholism.  I stopped all at once and I've found that it's actually much easier to not drink at all and that I don't want to drink anymore.  I'm sober now not because someone else told me I should but because I got to a point where I decided that I didn't like how I was living and made a change.  ..I wish you the best MKKitty and I hope you keep coming back!
I feel like you pretty much wrote my story.  I only drank on the weekends with other people who were also drinking. Sometimes I could moderate most times I couldn't.  Drinking helped my social anxiety but made my depression much worse. ..What eventually led me to want stop drinking was that my behavior when I was drunk was hurting the people I cared about. My hangovers were getting so bad that I couldn't function the day after drinking and I was missing important events because I was hungover (like my Dad's 50th birthday). ..I knew I needed to make a change. First I decided to try to moderate.  I couldn't imagine never drinking again. That didn't work. I ended up getting blackout drunk yet again. So I decided to "take a break" from drinking. I lasted 23 days and had one glass of wine. I knew right after I had the drink that I didn't enjoy it and didn't want to drink anymore. Now I'm taking it one day at a time.
Hey welcome!..I don't know if you're an alcoholic or not but I do know that my anxiety and stress got markedly better when I quit drinking. ..You are not alone. :)
Congrats on sharing and taking this first step! I'm 34 and only within the last couple years realized what you are at 24... You've got a lot of time ahead of you to invest wisely in and consciously create a life you find more fulfilling!..Your story resonates with me as well. I'm curious does alcoholism run in your family? There were a lot of environmental/childhood trauma factors at play in my life I was also shy and felt more confident drinking but there's also a big genetic factor. I know what you mean by "down the rabbit hole". I never craved or drank daily but after I got that buzz all I wanted was more more more. It was irritating and uncomfortable to stop drinking once I was tipsy. This experience continued even after dealing with the psychological issues through counseling. I kind of just realized that the way my body and brain must experience the high from alcohol is some sort of different from others who can drink responsibly without issue. ..Also I drank and partied with a lot of friends within the culture that raging on the weekend (even during the week) was just the norm. I had friends who could easily stop after a few and others who would get drunk but still rarely lost time or made poor decisions... Just had bad hangovers. It was not uncommon for me to blackout. I was generally a happy and fun drunk and given the scene how drunk I would get got excused a lot - but it was dangerous. 
Glad you're here. And you're right in that you're far from the only person in this sort of situation. As others here have said your story really resonates with me so I thought I'd give you my two cents as someone who recently decided to give up drinking..    .I like you was never an every day drinker but I frequently wondered whether or not I had a drinking problem. Looking back I think the fact that I was even questioning it meant that I was. So two weeks ago after a really bad hangover I decided I was tired of feeling sick and getting awful sleep and eating horrible unhealthy food while drunk and all of the other negative baggage that came with it. .    .And while I absolutely understand feeling ashamed or embarrassed about having a drinking problem (why can others maintain a healthy relationship with alcohol when I can't?) the bottom line is that you're doing this because you want to have a better life. You want to be happier and healthier and you've come to the point where you realize that abstaining from alcohol will make it more likely to achieve those things. And there's nothing embarrassing or shameful about wanting to be a happier person no matter what anybody tells you..    .I wish you the best of luck! And please know that if you do stick with this you will not regret it. ..OH and as for the anxiety and depression... I've been anxious and depressed since I was around 14 which coincidentally (or maybe not coincidentally) was the time I started drinking. Since quitting two weeks ago I have noticed unbelievable improvements in both anxiety and depression to the point that it felt like I'm on some sort of miracle medication. It's only been 15 days but sobriety has done WONDERS for my outlook on life and for the way I feel on a daily basis. I think you owe it to yourself to see if sobriety would do the same for you. 
i wish that i had come to the conclusion that i had an 'alcohol problem' 2 years ago when i was 24 i had recently graduated college where i was drinking more than most but not so much that people thought i had a problem. then i started at work and was still drunk by the time i got to the office more time than i care to remember. fast forward 2 years i just turned 26 and it was very clear that i have a problem after i destroyed my house and ended up in the drunk tank. ..anyway it is real hard to identify the problem when you are younger because as you said "everyone drinks" and it is generally excepted if you drink too much. either way i am much happier that i have taken alcohol out of my life. but i am still very anxious at social events. i am  actively working on that issue now
Thank you for sharing. That's a bit similar to me. In my early 20s the ending of my first serious relationship resulted in a lot of reckless partying then at age 30 I fell REALLY hard and fast for someone... I was naive in the pace I got to know him not taking my time to properly date and I ignored warnings people gave me about it him. It really broke my heart when we stopped seeing each other. I should have sat my toosh at home and cried for however many weeks it took and not cared what people think rather than looking forward to every weekend to rejoin the party scene downtown where I might run into him and otherwise could escape with temporary happiness from a buzz and dancing with friends. ..I share the above simply because for me that heartbreak was especially traumatic because it was replaying issues of rejection I had experienced as a kid within my family and never properly surfaced as issues nor healed from. I also have anxiety and though it's pretty well under control now versus where it's been even this morning I woke up feel a bit anxious whereas yesterday I felt really peaceful. It's not fun and alcohol helped take it away briefly but ALWAYS made it worse a combo of what it does to your body plus any shame or regret from an evening you can't remember...Also wanted to add... after the heartbreaks I went from happy drunk to the girl blacked out and crying... not always but too often for sure. I've cried a lot sober since to work through stuff and that's much more effective at processing grief. :-)..It's brave of you to post and share here and as you can see there are a lot of us. :-) 
