-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4jp7t5/found_out_today_the_guy_who_took_me_to_my_first/

I didn't really know the guy but I do know he was having trouble maintaining sobriety and had been kicked out of the sober living I was living at. I don't know what to think about this but it scares me to death back when I moved here I was living in a sober living my plane had just landed that day two weeks prior I had gotten out of jail after spending six weeks locked up and dodging a felony DUI. ..So that day I was upset just disoriented and rattled I had just said goodbye to my family under really bad terms. He was told that I guess from someone and he offered to take me to a meeting. I remember the relief I felt from all the warm people in that room that day and it was just what I needed. I don't know what happened with him I can easily see how hard it can be battling this internal struggle we have daily to seek the release we feel from alcohol and the overall escape from our troubles that either has landed on us because of well life or because of the damage we have done to ourselves and others because of our drinking. The specifics aren't important in his case but what is important is that I/we realize that if we stop fighting the addiction will win. I'm not giving up and I hope my friend is at peace wherever he is. Thanks for letting me share.
----------immediate responses--------

Im really sorry to hear stories like this. its so sad to be reminded of how hard it still is for so many people...All the best to you
Absolutely tragic...Do not assume it was "the addiction" that caused his death though. Many of us suffer from mental illnesses as well which are often not well-managed. For all you know this man suffered from crippling depression bipolar disorder or schizophrenia with command hallucinations.
Sorry to hear that. Our group recently experienced something similar. It is tragic but there is hope in the discussions that follow. One thing I picked up after this event stuck with me.... *"If you kill your self in the first five years of sobriety you're killing the wrong person."* This may sound cold but it does make me think about how important it is to wrestle with my demons and to keep trying. 
