-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4k4t9h/feeling_lonely_at_21/

Title pretty much says it all....I've had to come to terms with the fact that I simply can't drink like a "normal" person. Though I'm reasonably smart something in my brain switches off and I lose the ability to stop. Admitting that was hard because I so desperately wanted to be like everyone else. True there are plenty of people who abstain but as someone who's recently struggled with social anxiety it just feels like another block between me and other people. ...Not really much of a point to this honestly. Just wanted some support and advice from some people more experienced than I. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there friend. It is very difficult to quit especially at such a young age. I really suggest picking up some hobbies that you can do alone...I know that seems counter productive but seriously you have to learn how to love being with yourself before you can get better at being around people in a sober mindset. I enjoy reading painting excersizing and cooking. I learned to appreciate my alone time instead of feeling trapped by it. I am more of an introvert than I ever really knew. You just need time to recover your mind and then try doing some social activities. Join a recreational sport team or go out to a cafe that plays live music. There are a lot of opportunities for a good sober time you just have to look for them. Just remember why you decided to get sober and know that as a fellow "young person" I am super proud of you. It takes real guts to stand away from the crowd. Keep up the great work.
I'm not sure where you live but there are young people meetings of AA where you can not only meet people in their 20's but also do fun things with them to keep you busy and learn how to stay stopped from drinking. Those young people meetings are what kept me sober in the beginning (and still do). It'll be worth it!
I second the other commentor who mentioned AA meetings - I'm in my 20's and have met and managed to actually make a few good friends with people in their 20's as well. I've seen meetings with teenagers in them and then pretty much every age upward. I don't know if that's the case in all areas but I'm not in the biggest city and there are quite a few younger members. It's a good start to put yourself out there especially because most of the people there will be able to relate to anxiety and are used to meeting people at their worst and accepting them for who they are...Quitting so young can be hard especially when it seems like a lot of people in their 20's are into the partying scene but I'm really proud of you for making the admission. This sub is always here for you.
I spent my 20s drinking and looking back it was a waste of time money and brain cells. I can only imagine what I would have accomplished had I quit drinking at your age. I have reached so many goals in the last 500ish days that I only fantasized about while getting drunk. Drinking didn't accomplish anything for me except blacking me out and imprisoning me. ..The beer and liquor advertisements want us to think that happiness and human connection are easily found through drinking because that is how they make profits...I never made one meaningful connection with anyone while I was drinking...I focused on doing what I love loving myself and so many similar people just magically appeared. ..The advice I would give to myself at 21 would be to stop drinking and worrying about what people think. If you love yourself and what you do people will flock to you and you'll learn to make the most of the little time you have alone by yourself because your life will be rich with beautiful positive people like yourself. .
This is exactly where I was at 21. A few years later I hit rock bottom...I'm not gonna say that it'll happen to you because everybody's circumstances are different. I'll just say what helped me get out of the pit I was in and hopefully it'll help you...I'll reiterate what has already been said which is AA and hobbies. AA helped me out so much even though I just sat there and listened. Hearing other people's stories are informative and humbling. ..As for hobbies just find something that you enjoy doing. Try anything and everything to see what sticks. I ended up getting into blacksmithing carpentry rpg's and hiking. I've also been reading a lot working out and eating healthier. Essentially I worked on myself. I found things that made each day enjoyable so I would want to get up and do them. When I have something (such as a tabletop rpg) planned the last thing I want to do is show up hungover and thus barely be able to participate...Good luck man. Hopefully I could help a bit.
Hang in there. You are so much wiser than I was at your age. Your level of self awareness at such a young age is very admirable.
I have this wacky theory that some challenges in early sobriety were intended to keep me focused on taking the actions necessary to stay sober.  If my life went from shit to wonderful right after my last drink I'm not sure I would have stayed sober.  I needed some serious stuff to work on while enough chemical-free time elapsed for my body mind and soul to heal. Only then was I prepared to be happy joyous and free without wanting to celebrate by picking up a drink.  The most frustrating suggestion I received was "give time time."  Best wishes to you for a slow steady and full recovery.
I got sober when I was 22 and at 21 I felt this disconnect from everyone. I had a handful of people that were ultra important to me and loved me no matter what or who I was... still with me today and I guess I've realized that it's okay to be who you are and just feel grateful that you're unique and if you don't already have a few close friends you have a long life ahead and they will come. ..Try to focus on yourself and be yourself people will always gravitate towards those they admire and look to for who they are. 21 is a weird age... I wish you the best and I'm happy you looked to this subreddit for support! .....just remember alcohol is a bad friend in the end. It's never there for you the morning after and doesn't make the right decisions when you're too far gone to make them yourself. It has no interest in your success in any way whatsoever...Hang in there! :)
I'm 21 as well and seem to suffer from the exact same issues. For so long I avoided coming to terms with the fact that I had a problem with alcohol. I didn't drink very often but when I did there was no off switch. It got to a point where every time that I would drink I would have to sacrifice the entire next day because I was so sick. I even gave myself a couple of panic attacks because I felt so ill miserable and out of control. ..I just celebrated 30 days sober. On a day to day basis this isn't too difficult for me to manage; however I too have social anxiety so my craving to drink increases exponentially when I'm around other people. I have been to three parties during this time (one where I hardly knew anyone) and while I really really really wanted a drink I abstained. I am so proud of myself and I am proud of you for making the decision not to drink. ..The best advice or support I can offer is to say that you are not alone. You have this community for one and there are probably other people like us near you. It's awful that there is stigma around the choice to not drink but thus is the way of the world. Hold your head up high and know that you are taking care of yourself! ..As far as a tip for the social anxiety at least in situations where others are drinking I find that it is much more fun to quietly chuckle at others' drunk antics. No one ever even knows that I'm not drinking since I usually keep a 'drink' in hand 
Ah my 20's. Sure I thought I had plenty of friends but I can now see that I really was lonely. I drank like there was no tomorrow - start out getting ready and going to NYC clubs at 10:00PM only to drink (free) all night long into the morning then go to after-hours clubs. My nights wouldn't end until 10:00AM the next morning. That was no life - it was crazy dangerous and scary. I was in blackout mode most of the time so I can't even say I remembered and had fun through all of it! In any case you're at an age where you can eliminate this all now and I can't begin to tell you how much happier you will be down the line. If there's any way that you can enjoy other activities I urge you to do so. I wish I did! In any case I applaud you for your honesty and interest in your quest to stop drinking :) Stop by the chat (on the right hand side of the screen).
You're focusing on what you're missing by not drinking but what would you be missing out on if you were drinking? 
What a sweet post. You're a great person-- I can just tell. I am so proud of you. The advice given here is fantastic-- some of you SDers know just what to say. You have a beautiful life ahead of you and I wish you all the best. Take care of yourself.
[removed]
I have been struggling with the loneliness a lot lately. My fiancee who I was attached at the hip to (thanks co-dependency ;)) fell out of romantic love with me. Now I live alone and its really hard in my sobriety. Definitely reminds me of how 'easy' it was not to feel all this when I was drinking. But I realized that all that stuff just ended up stacking up so that when I quit drinking I had years of pent up emotions and repressed memories I had to feel and relive and in some ways I am still catching up to them. I read recently that one of life's cruelest ironies is that when we feel the most lonely is the exact time we most need the experience of being alone. This helped me accept my situation a bit more and be more pro active about finding happiness in the little things and being the person I most appreciate. Finding the best me is hard sometimes but I think it is so worth it. Congrats at sobriety at 21!! Take it a day at a time and it can always get better!!
