-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4k7k8g/seinfelds_george_costanza_and_me/

If you've watched Seinfeld George Costanza has trouble in life.  He's doesn't have a career is unemployed lives with his parents is unsuccessful in relationships and generally has a lot of drama in his life.  He doesn't make good decisions.  Now from my perspective George was also a little  value-challenged  in that the boundaries of ethics had quite a bit of latitude for George.  Indeed George was selfish and self-centered (a lot like me when I don't do my work!)..Jerry turns to George one day after listening to his tale of woe and offers:   If every instinct you have is *wrong* then doing the **opposite** must be right!   Here's his epiphany [Opposite George]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RerJWv5vwxc).  ..I wanted to stop drinking. I was struggling to do so.  I'd make deals with myself such as  tomorrow I won't drink any wine .  Tomorrow became Today and that evening I'd look down at my hand to see mysteriously a glass of wine in my hand.  Well that led to finishing off the bottle (can't let oxidation set in and all that you know!)  I had to recognize I had some George Costanza in me.  My  best thinking  led to my decisions which manifested in my actions.  My actions were drinking wine every day.  Even when I  wished  I didn't.  I would say each evening  well tomorrow I won't have any wine.   But just like [Bill Murray in Groundhog Day]( https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44wayb/make_mine_groundhog_day_with_a_twist_please/) the next day repeated in the same pattern.  I began to fear that I would never be able to stop.  My thoughts my decisions my  lack of willpower' to break the cycle were failing me!  ..My  Condition' influenced all my thoughts which led to decisions and subsequent action.  The results I  enjoyed' were increasing isolation self-centered behaviors exclusion of others (including my family) and indulging my cycle of less-than-optimal behaviors.  I needed to be  Opposite George .  I needed to change my patterns.  I needed to change my thinking.  I needed to instead of trying to do it alone on my willpower to do it with the help of Others.  OMG !   I have to ask for help.  I have to admit my problems.  I have to tell others I'm not the perfect success that I believed in self-delusion I wanted everyone else to believe!   ..I did ask for help.  I found the willingness to do things  I didn't want to do .  I went to meetings  I didn't want to go to .  I took advice and direction from people who had been successful in achieveing sobriety.  I told my secrets.  I acknowledged my resentments.  I accepted my role and responsibility in all the things that had brought to a point of sadness and despair...Then Miraculously (to me) things got better.  When I embraced  Opposite George  I found  Authentic Me .  I've rewired my thinking.  I've changed my patterns.  I have new habits.  I extinguished drinking triggers...Me and George?  We're good!..Peace be with you.  Just for Today I Don't Drink with You..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm a laconic soft-spoken southerner; but the voices in my head are all bugged-out Costanzas.
So funny I have been citing to this episode for years!  This is exactly how I reconciled and accepted steps 2 and 3 as an atheist in AA!  Opposite George is a huge part of my recovery.  Figures you'd bring it up PG.  :)..Great post!
AWESOME--this idea is what I imagined back in the 1980s as "walking through the mirror."  Through my view of myself.  Amazing how well it works.
George would be proud!  Lol love this!!
My sponsor introduced me to this exact same idea! For the longest time the opposite of my best idea was my actual best idea.
Awesome post PG.  The most awesomer part is not having to consult my dictionary ;);)   With that I have one word for you concerning George.  SHRINKAGE!
Who quits on a Friday? Props to /u/kingofthemelvins for this great line in Costanza voice. Best decision I ever made. 
And peace be with you+...I will not drink TODAY with You.
I really resonate with the part where you mentioned that you did things that you didn't want to do with the hopes that they would help your sobriety. It was my experience that doing uncomfortable and unfamiliar things like meetings and counselling could be helpful. I just had to have the right frame of mind and that is for me take what works and leave the rest.
great post and I won't drink with you today.
