-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kcry1/i_almost_drank_last_night/

The dr called and it is skin cancer. It is basal cell carcinoma which from what he said and from what I read is the most common and treatable so while I'm concerned it is cancer I will remain positive. They did not get it all so I have to go back for another procedure this time more aggressive but an incision instead of anything like radiation. At least for now. ..With everything else going on when my friend invited me over for beers I was pretty set in my mind to go. I wasn't sure I would drink but was planning on going. By the grace of God some small miracle or whatever you want to believe it was I got a text from my oldest (who was fired by text yesterday morning but found another job beginning Monday...yay!) asking if I wanted to have dinner with him. My heart melted right there and I canceled my plans to go out. I picked up some Chipotle and went home as quick as I could. It was great and I was so happy I chose that instead of drinking. He chose a tv show where they build extreme pools. Dream pools....it was a neat show! I have to take these days carefully. I have a long time to wait for my next procedure. I'm going to try to get an appointment at a dermatologist instead of my dr. He does have expertise with skin cancer but he is a general practitioner. If I can get in fairly quickly to a dermatologist I will do that. ..I don't want to exchange wasting days drinking with wasting days making myself crazy over worry. I'll just take it day by day doing what I've been doing. Gotta keep my head on straight though with temptation. It's everywhere. Sheesh. In my head March 28 is the day I quit drinking. That's almost 2 months with a small relapse in the middle. I don't want to lose what I've worked so hard for. I want to be present in my life. See and experience it all.. ..Thanks all for listening! I'm good. And staying positive. Heading to a couple baseball games today for my youngest. It's going to be a good day!       
----------immediate responses--------

Hope you get well soon. But you should be wicked proud of your self I know I am and I don't even know you. I have had a few stress battles I had to fight over the last 2 weeks and booze just sitting in the house from my So. There were a few times I was like fuck it I will drink one night and get right back on the Wagon but I played that shit forward and saw a disaster. So I slammed the brakes on that. Well done hang in there. We all have each other's backs. 
I am so relieved for you.  Two things: I've known many many friends and acquaintances with Basal Cell Carcinoma and I've yet to see any of them not quickly be treated and recover fully; and you already know this but nothing bad in my life was EVER improved by adding alcohol.  
Glad you are ok and safe!  My brother is an expert in the field of BCC.  He has performed thousands of noninvasive surgeries mostly with lasers.  He has treated at least 5 BCCs on me with a laser.  You will do great and this will end up being a small bump in the road...Just remember to use sun protection on those long sober runs moving forward!  Best of luck.
I am so glad you stayed strong!!! Imagine the compounding affects drinking  as caused. Way to go momwhoruns you can do this. Many positive vibe going your way!
My bro in law has had a lot of this and had it resolved quickly. Good on you for not caving. Every moment of sober resolution builds up.
So relieved to read this take care!
Excellent set of choices! I'm so glad the cancers treatable! Get better and keep getting better! :) 
I am not a doctor but my understanding is that this type of cancer has very successful rates of treatment. It absolutely makes sense that you wanted to have alcohol you are going through a really stressful event. but both you and I know that adding alcohol to the equation makes things worse. Congratulations on staying sober!
