-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kfl3v/binge_drinkers_in_recovery_ie_not_a_daily_drinker/

They say that alcohol is an incredibly *habit forming* type of drug and that's my main problem. I can go days at a time without drinking maybe even over a week. But such has been my weekend "habit" for the last ten years that on the Friday I get an incredible urge to drink...All logic and inner reflection from the days before go completely out the window. I just end up buying lots of alcohol and drinking until I pass out...I'm looking to hear from any recovering/recovered binge drinkers - just to hear of coping mechanisms or anything like that. I am really really struggling with this and it's affecting everything - relationships health money... all the important stuff :(..Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Binge drinking is more dangerous than daily drinking...A "typical" alcoholic knows to buy a certain size bottle goes home to the couch passes out - rinses - repeats.  Can go on for decades not a lot of fun sort of the marathon runner of drunks...A binge drinker does not know what state - or who he will wake up in.A binge drinker is more likely to DUI be arrested or killed       .Alcohol poisoning is only one of many ways to die on a binge none of them fun or glamorous.      ..You are not special AA is full of binge drinkers especially my group in the state prison I go to on Wednesdays   The cemeteries are too.
I've seen this post come up several times in the short time I've been around so I can assure you you are not alone. I've been a binge drinker a daily drinker and a daily binge drinker so I've hit the whole spectrum! When I finally decided to stop drinking I had been "just binge drinking" for about a year. It was the consequence of my drinking not the frequency that made me realize I had to stop...Edited for spelling.
Former bibge drinker here. Was never a daily drinker... It was always a once a week or once every 2 weeks type of thing for me. But when I drank i would drink everything and get out of control...It was strange because as soon as I quit I would get cravings... Like Tuesday afternoon for no good reason. Ive never drank on a Tuesday afternoon! But I figured getting daily drinker like cravings.... Use daily drinkers mantra. One day at a time. .Not drinking for today. Etc.....Eventually the cravings die down. Now I only really get cravings in high stress situations.
Binge drinker here. I have been very tempted by all the talk of "moderating". But after looking hard and long at myself I realized that I don't like the taste alcohol (well except for a glass of red) and really just craved the feeling of numbness and the edge of oblivion. Of course you can't walk on a knife's edge. ..I just resist that first drink. I down copious amounts of La Croix try to distract myself especially during the Danger Zone of  5-7 pm..Reading relapse stories here has been helpful because it reminds me that the stories will be mine if I take that first drink...I wish I had better advice for you. Hang in there! We just won't drink today!
I'm a binge-drinker as well. I'm on day 12 which isn't the biggest landmark but it's getting there. I've had the urge to drink but I still try to do as daily drinkers do and take it one day at a time. So far it's helped immensely. 
Binge drinker here. I very rarely drank at home; my wife was a boring drinking buddy. My problem was I never knew which md4606 was going to show: the one who drinks a couple and goes home or the one who drinks a dozen and blacks out..I know what it's like to go a couple of days without drinking and then get all buggered up. I suck at moderation..I just finally came to the conclusion that I hated waking up hungover I hated piecing together the night before I hated having to apologize for shit I didn't remember doing I just hated.... all of it..No real coping skills to offer; I know I can't drink so there's no coping involved. What I do do is "play the tape forward." Sure I might be able to control myself but what could happen if I can't? My movie's never had a happy ending..I did a lot of damage both to myself and my marriage and hopefully you can pull it together before you godown the path I did
It can all have it's uses.  The tools advice and suggestions here for cravings fit the cravings whether they're daily or once a week. As someone who was an every other week binger and finally a near daily drinker the desire to drink felt the same for me in both states of being. For you you know that starting out you'll have a couple of freebie easy days. 
I had the same issue with Fridays so what I started doing was Friday morning/afternoon or even sooner in the week I'd make a plan for my Friday starting from the time I walked out the door from work.  Sometimes I would stay as late at the office as I could.  I learned that the gym was really empty on Friday evenings so I'd go there and spend a couple hours watching a show on the treadmill or bike before I went home.  My evening plan included what I would have for dinner and what kind of tea I would have that evening and which show I'd binge watch on Netflix.  I also made plans (most of the time with another person for accountability) to go to the market on Saturday morning at 0700 which would prompt me to go to bed early so I could do that. Sundays I usually planned to go for a run which was something I always enjoyed more than drinking so I'd spend Saturday drinking lots of water and eating healthy so I could run my best on Sunday morning.  .This obviously isn't something that would work for everyone but it's what works for me.  
[deleted]
Binge drinker here in early sobriety. For coping with cravings I just remind myself of how my binges usually ended: with me too hungover to do anything and desperately trying to remember what I did. I never want to experience that again. 
I'm a binge drinker. I only used to drink one night a week but it was always to blackout stage.  The next day was a hungover write off and the next few days I battled depression.  I usually came good around Wednesday and was ready to do it all again by Firday.  ..I have been sober for 8 weeks now.  I tell myself that I've only got two danger days to get through to earn another week on my 'sobriety counter' app as I never drink from Sunday through to Thursday.  My cravings start on Thursday but I have learnt to dismiss them as habits of thought and a natural part of recovery given that it's been how I roll for the past 20 years.  I try to organise something for Friday or Saturday that is worth staying sober for - I like sailing so that's been helping.  Or I'll organise to have my son's mates over for a sleepover as I don't drink when I'm in charge of other people's kids.  ..The big thing that I'm realising is that although I still suffer from low mood I no longer have the layers of guilt illness and regret that alcohol causes on top of those moods.  My nerves are nowhere near as shattered I am able to cope with the everyday demands of work/family life through a much clearer lense.  I am present for my son and life is definitely better.  I'm finding out who I am finally.  Early days yet hoping I've got what it takes to keep it up. Thanks for this thread good luck.
