-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kg94a/i_feel_embarrassed_to_admit_this_but/

After taking a while to think about my drinking and why it's so tempting to me I've come up with a variety of reasons. The most prevalent however us the social allure. And I know many other people feel that way as well. But for me the social stigma associated with alcohol and what it represents is even harder....As a younger person and a semi-troubled one at that I struggle with the type of person I want to be. I have a few vague impressions: confident kind funny the usual. And I hate that I feel like alcohol is such a huge deal in reaching that goal. Not the type of drinking I do of course but moderate drinking (which I acknowledge isn't really possible for me.)...To put it another way I've always felt like a bit of an outcast since I was basically ten. Because of that I had a pretty good chunk of time to imagine what I hoped my future would be like. Alcohol never even factored into that until around college when drinking was everywhere. Finally this was an opportunity for me to fit in. I could actually make friends and not feel ignored or left out. Yet the same thing happened. I saw all these people going out to bars having a great time and coming back with great stories yet it was like there was a pane of glass between them and me. And so I just started drinking alone sort of as a "screw you" type of thing....I know I know real mature. I'm not nearly as grown up as I want to be which makes the admission that I can't drink even harder. Ever since I was fifteen I'd been hearing "college is a great time to just put yourself first and get the crazy experiences out of your system" yet that's a pipe dream for me now....I'm not equating alcohol to happiness I know more than that. But I can't help these feelings when I imagine all the people I used to be friends with out with their respective groups making memories and just living it up. Sure drinking isn't necessary to do that but it's so huge in college culture that it's practically everywhere. I want to be those people so badly because I'm tired of being separated. I was on a website to find groups to hangout with in my area as a first step to re-integrate and about 90% of the groups featuring people my own age involved alcohol as a major component. Whelp so much for that....Sorry I don't mean to whine about petty things. I know so many others have it harder than I do and I'm relatively lucky in that regard. I suppose I've just always felt like there was so much that separated me from others especially guys my own age. I was never into football yet I didn't fit in with music or robotics clubs either. Always somewhere in the middle. And now I just HAVE to have something like this wrong with me too. It's cruelly ironic that as a kid I only wanted to be different. Now I'd pay to be anything but. ...I'm done saying it's not fair because life doesn't owe me a thing. It's just a kick in the gut. Like fate saying "But wait there're more!" while plopping a spoiled cherry on top of the world's crappiest ice cream sundae....I'm grateful to be here. I'm grateful to be alive and recovering. And I'm grateful for so many of you out there that understands. It's easy to forget what we're grateful for though when something as oppressive as loneliness worms its way into your thoughts. I'm tired of feeling cut off from the things I desperately want and that's not to mean alcohol. It's to fit in as lame as that sounds. I'm still a kid and now... I just don't know. It's exhausting when you're told your whole life that "This is what happiness looks like" and then you're forced to face a different reality....But I'm not going to do anything stupid because of it. Instead I'll listen to Dink's Song (I don't know why but it's super calming) write a little bit more and clear my head. Hope you all have a great and sober Saturday evening and thanks again....tl;dr feeling isolated and scared like an angsty teen
----------immediate responses--------

I'm far removed from my college days but I think I know what you mean. Everything about the college experience seems to involve drinking. It must be incredibly isolating to feel like you can't be a part of the "fun"...I don't know your age but does it help to realize that the incoming freshmen seem to be the wildest as a group? And then reality starts to set in and it's "been there done that". What kind of concerns me is that the ones that don't settle into "normal" drinking are setting themselves up for potentially a life-long problem. Must be the mom in me...I suspect that there are others who feel the same as you do. It's just trying to find those people. Easier said than done I realize. Maybe the allure of alcohol is the facade of friendship and drinking buddies. I don't feel like you are whining at all...Loneliness has been a trigger for me and I have a loving partner. I am amazed at your strength and maturity to deal with your drinking. If only I had done so waaaaay back when. I am a little envious of the years you have ahead of you. Hang in there- it sounds like you are doing what's best for you.
Your post made me kind of sad tonight for two reasons one positive and one negative...On the positive my daughter made a new friend just after school started and brought her into her existing friend group.  I had lunch with the other girl's mom yesterday and she sat across the table from me and cried for almost 20 min because her daughter had been in real trouble last summer and her life has been completely turned around by being included in a group of really nice girls.  She just wanted me to know that my daughter (and her friends) had probably saved her daughter from who knows what for the simple fact of feeling like she finally fit in...On the negative my son graduates next week and he is slowly but surely pulling away from his friend group several of the kids have been experimenting with drugs and alcohol since the summer between 10th and 11th grade and it has finally gotten to the point he doesn't want to hang out with them anymore.  It's sad these are kids he's been friends with since middle school and I know he was planning on having a few months of hanging out as a group before they all go their separate ways next fall but he no longer feels like he fits in with them and he doesn't know how to find a new friend group for over the summer...I wish I knew what to tell him or how to help him and I wish I had something useful to say to you.  Feeling rejected left out ignored abandoned whatever word you want to use feeling like you don't belong with anybody ALONE is one of the worst feelings in the world...The only advice I can give you is to think about things you like to do and go do them.  You will eventually find others who like to do the same things you do without alcohol.  For me it's old people and animals.  I like old people and I like animals so I spend some of my free time volunteering with old people and animals.  Two of my very best friends are people I met along the way people I never ever would have crossed paths with in my day-to-day life...Hang in there I suspect that your happiness will look quite different than going to a bar and having a great story but in the meantime I hope you have a great and sober Sunday!
My downfall began in college as well I was from a small town  and suddenly I landed somewhere new my insecurities of trying to fit in and meet girls. I wasn't grown up or ready to leave I got homesick and next thing you know I'm at the bar every night feeding this beast. I recently this week went on a spree because of some of the same feelings busted five months of sobriety just like that after admiring my friends 6 month chip she got the same night. But I'm home my heart hurts and my pride I'll be lucky if I'm not reprimanded at work for calling in two days but I told my sponsor and reached out to sober friends in recovery that I need help. They are going to take me to meetings this week because I don't have a car or license you already know why. I think the best thing for me to do is put a stop to this asap before I lose everything I'm grateful for this site and the wonderful people who contribute. 
Your post really resonated with me because my "real" drinking kicked in my second year of college for pretty similar reasons except that now I was finally at the center of a group of friends and really feeling like I was coming into my own for the first time ever...Post-college of course everyone pretty much went their separate ways and I spiraled into a pretty dark place for a few years.  Probably one pretty similar to what you're experiencing right now.  The memories and experiences weren't enough to fill the hole so I tried to do it with more and more booze.....That ended pretty horribly too...I've got a few of those old friends that I still talk to on a semi-regular basis and looking back I realize that nearly all of them were the light drinkers back in the day.  The ones who probably wouldn't have drank at all if I hadn't been pushing shots on them determined that everyone must need the stuff to fill the emptiness to the same extent that I did...I spent a lot of years saying things like "I'd never trade those days for anything they changed my life" and basically just hanging onto the glory days you know?  But the things I'm really most proud of are the things I *did*.  The work I completed that led to a publishing contract post-graduation the prizes I won the places I saw during breaks.  The stuff that makes me a real person with actual interesting things to talk about at cocktail parties or bbqs or whatever you know?..If I could go back right this second I'd want to halve the time I spent sitting around in bars completely cut out the time spent drinking alone in my room and double or triple the really cool experiences.
