-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kgjt0/i_have_some_questions/

I got into some trouble and I don't know what it all means. ..I was a partier in college. I was in a fraternity. I would drink to blackout on most weekends and drink heavily during the week. It felt normal because that's what everyone was doing. I wasn't any worse or any better than anyone else. Also we are all successful. My friend group is full of people in law school medical school big 4 accounting firms wall street. I am one of them. ..Last weekend I went back to my college hometown to watch some of my younger friends graduate and I ended up back in the college cycle. I was arrested for a drunk in public charge. I never thought something like this would happen to me. Over the last year I have been pushing away from drinking and doing it less and less. I don't crave the alcohol and I don't feel like an addict but I might be. ..My questions are - do you think I'm an addict? I know that only I can answer that question but does it sound like I have a problem or is it possible to have a one off situation? ..I'd like to take a significant break from alcohol and eventually adjust again to moderate drinking. Am I crazy to think that someday down the road I'd like to be able to casually drink? I.m scared that by completely stopping I'll be limiting myself in professional relationships. (I do sales...). ..Thanks for listening and I wish everyone the best of luck in their struggles with alcohol. 
----------immediate responses--------

Try taking the quiz at http://sd.bot.nu/quiz/audit.php.if you're not sure.  Let us know what you think.
Donald Trump has never had a drink. It hasn't limited his sales success. ..p.s. This was not paid for by anyone.
&gt;I'd like to take a significant break from alcohol and eventually adjust again to moderate drinking. Am I crazy to think that someday down the road I'd like to be able to casually drink?..No you are not crazy for thinking this. This could be the case however only time would really tell.  You say you have been pushing away from drinking mostly but you went on a bender and got in trouble.  That's at least a good sign that you may have a problem but you may be able to take a break and go back to moderation in time. Then again most people try that and many fail. So really I guess my point is you have to see for yourself. Either way either way you go it's good you want to take a significant break from alcohol.  You can make a decision about drinking again or not down the road. You don't have to know it all today. 
One of the strange things is that I may only be able to distinguish between being an alcoholic versus being a problem drinker who is prone to major consequnces by trying to stop drinking for an extended period.  If I can stop drinking *and stay stopped* for a year or more without much effort I may not be alcoholic.  Most alcoholics don't even attempt it because in our hearts we know we can't stay stopped a full year...The "bad" news is that if you succeed you may like it and decide not to start again but the good news is that you are unlikely to get arrested for drunken behavior during the test...Thinking that not drinking will harm professional relationships is BS unless you are a vintner or sommelier.  Alcohol arrests hurt careers.  Best wishes to you for success in your seeking.
Maybe the question should be : do you want to stop drinking? We could give people certificates that say "certified alcoholic" but if they  don't want to stop they won't stop.
Thanks everyone for the apt responses. As of right now I haven't had a drink in 7 days and I'm planning on continuing until I feel comfortable trying again. (Guessing 6-12 months but I really don't know). I'll try to stay active and give an update in the future. Thanks again. 
Most people who drink too much in college go through a process of "maturing out" of their heavy drinking. It sounds like that process may have been happening with you; you were naturally backing off and doing it less. So perhaps this experience was indeed a one-off...But I think you are wise to be concerned. I think a good long break is an excellent idea. After you've been away from alcohol for a while you may decide you want to try drinking again in a moderate fashion. If that works out for you then you'll know. And if not you'll also know.
