-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4koca6/almost_6_months_parents_unsupportive/

Hey guys..I posted awhile back around the 2 week and I'm happy to say with the support of lurking here and from my girlfriend I've been able to keep it up. Sure I have some moments when it gets tough and I wanna have a sip but I've broken the habit of using it as my emotional crutch. I found some good hobbies doing better for sure...A bit of backstory: my Dad also struggles with alcoholism (and so did his dad) and drinks a lot in secret. I've confronted him in the past but I know through my experience until I was ready to stop no-one could tell me otherwise...I live on the other side of the country than my famjams so I don't see them very often. I've been home in March and avoided the conversation and just didn't drink and it was great! However when they came to visit me this weekend for the holiday they were very insistent about me drinking with them and being on the offence about it. it came to the point where they dragged me out to a bar and put me on the spot when a waiter came over - luckily I pulled through and ordered a mineral water. I thought maybe by explaining to them where I was coming from they'd understand. So I told them my struggle and how much I drank and how hard it was to stay sober this whole time. Basically my Mom told me I was weak for not being able to moderate and if I was strong I would be able to have only one drink. They both told me that I'm jeopardizing my social life by not having a drink with friends. (I've been out lots of friends and they're totally chill with me not drinking bar some teasing here and there in good fun). As an alcoholic I really don't need to be convinced to drink I don't need excuses from others I can come up with lots on my own. But I know where that lead me I remember my detoxing my anxiety attacks...I'm glad my girlfriend is still supportive of my adventures and my friends still find me fun. It hurts but deep down I don't care much for my alcoholic father to tell me to have a drink and I don't care much for my Mom calling me weak when everyday I make the choice not to fall into my old routines...Sorry for the rant guys...Tl;dr I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

It sucks I know. My parents own a bar and drink almost every night of the week and so when I see them I often get made fun of for "not drinking". It's frustrating be glad you live on the other side of the country from them as I live ten minutes down the road.
[deleted]
Hey I'm new around here so I don't have any advice or wisdom I just wanted to say that I'm sorry your parents didn't support you more and acknowledge the strength and maturity you are cultivating. It probably has more to do with their own issues than with you. 
[deleted]
Yeah I don't let anyone's support or lack of support of my decision not to drink alcohol have any impact.  
I always knew I came from an alcoholic family. but quitting drinking has really made me see clearly how deeply this dysfunction runs...&gt;I thought maybe by explaining to them where I was coming from they'd understand...Unfortunately in my experience this does NOT work with an alcoholic family. By getting sober you are upsetting the family applecart. They are probably going to try to undermine you in subtle ways...&gt;I know through my experience until I was ready to stop no-one could tell me otherwise...This was my experience too. The good news is that now that I'm sober no one can MAKE me drink either.
Wow bizarre parenting. The problem is that people who want to give up but are too frightened will look at you doing well and socialising fine without a drink and wonder what's up with themselves that they can't do it. By abstaining you're making them feel bad about their own drinking.
Sucks.  I think this is an internal issue within them -- has nothing to do with you
Your parents don't really think you're weak. They are projecting their own feelings of weakness onto you because when you choose not to drink it forces them to face the question of "Well why are *we* drinking? Why do *we* need to drink?" and for some people especially people who are in denial about their own family's alcohol problems that is a tough question to answer...So instead of answering it they tell themselves that people who don't drink are weak. And then they publicly confront you about it within the group so that it looks like everyone is on the same page except for you. That justifies their alcohol consumption justifies their denial and prevents them from having to face the truth...So while they are ignoring reality you can sleep soundly at night knowing *you* have faced the truth and *you* are holding yourself accountable every day. I can think of nothing stronger than that! :)
