-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4kski4/im_scared_to_give_it_up_i_dont_want_to_give_it_up/

About every 3-6 months I get in trouble with my wife over my drinking. She has asked me to stop for roughly 20 years. Yes she drinks but doesn't like feeling the slightest bit tipsy so she never has problems. I'm more of a binge/opportunity drinker so I will consume too much a couple of times a year maybe more like 5 times a year to the point I shouldn't drive regardless of the legal limit. I'm a happy or artsy drunk never abusive or confrontational no puking no property damage or anything like that. But I will get sleepy and go to bed or fall asleep on the couch. I make these distinctions because my wife's definition of getting drunk and passing out is the same as having 2 or 3 "really strong" beers (7% in this example) and falling asleep at 11pm.   .  .Anyway I'm not what I consider happy in life. I'm the wild one she's the strict square and although I'm tired of the arguments and disappointing her I just can't ever commit to giving it up permanently. The idea of never having a drink again is just depressingly lame. I like beer. I love trying different ones when I travel. I enjoy the different styles etc. etc. etc. and of course I also like the way I feel after a few.   ..If I gave up alcohol what fun is left? What do I do on a Friday after a hard week when the weather is awesome I'm hanging with friends and I want to blow off pressure and be happy? I lack coping skills sure. I could fill the void with exercise a new hobby perfecting old hobbies whatever. It's not the same. If pot was legal here I would happily switch forever.   .  .I don't know what I'm asking or what to do. I'm a praying man an honest man and a humble man. But I need an escape one that can make me happy with instant gratification. Long roads with long term goals are unrealistic for me and often the very cause of my need for quick reward.   .  .I hate to see it take my family away but despite loving them way more than booze I can't give it up. At least not without a worthy substitute. It's not that beer is more important it's that booze weed pills what-have-you keep me sane give me relief prevent me from killing myself or sending me into a very deep depression. Yes I take anti-depressants and see a therapist weekly. I'm not new to this game been on this road for over 20 years. I'm now over the hill and to be honest struggling to stay motivated or happy. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sure your therapist has told you that mixing your anti depressant meds with booze is just cancelling them out and or can make you even more depressed.
I am no expert on the topic but you're u sound like a decent guy.  I think your wife is lucky to have a husband who only binges a handful of times per year.  It does sound like she keeps you in check though...I wonder if you would let loose a bit more often without her support.  Of course health-wise no binge sessions are safe so maybe ease it down to a max of once a quarter?  Cheers 
&gt;  I just can't ever commit to giving it up permanently...This is why people take it one day at a time. Don't worry about forever you can choose to just not drink for now...&gt;If I gave up alcohol what fun is left? What do I do on a Friday after a hard week when the weather is awesome I'm hanging with friends and I want to blow off pressure and be happy? I lack coping skills sure. I could fill the void with exercise a new hobby perfecting old hobbies whatever. It's not the same. ..Literally everything else humans can do for fun aside from drinking. ..Drinking was all I did for fun and it got old. Exercise learning the upright bass camping with my wife and dog skiing spending time with my friends are all things I do now that I was "too busy" for before. ..I lacked coping skills too. It took me a few months of sobriety to start to figure out what I wanted to do besides drinking my life away...&gt;  Yes I take anti-depressants and see a therapist weekly. ..Same here. The meds didn't do anything for me until I stopped drinking. They handed them to me told me not to drink on them and I proceeded to get loaded then wonder why I was still depressed. Nowadays I test out normal on my semi-regular mental health inventories...I am not trying to give you a hard time. These are all things I struggled too with when I started trying to get sober. I will tell you that it took time sober for me to really see the negative impact my drinking was having on my life. I wouldn't trade my sobriety for anything.
I didn't want to stop either my husband had expressed concerns for my drinking. Drinking was the center of my world it was my coping mechanism and my reward system; life without alcohol was unimaginable to me and I thought it would suck...Eventually I accepted that alcohol wasn't making things better for me and was costing me too much. I quit for 30 days initially and extended that in 30 day increments...My mental and physical health are much better I am happier and healthier. I've slowly discovered and built up a new sober life that I enjoy. I act on my commitments rather than transient impulses. I'm a much better wife  - rather than drinking until I pass out on the sofa we do things together more now - a meal watch a movie go to the gym go for a walk. If I want fun I'll go out on my bike. This was all unimaginable when I started I'm so grateful that I did start and hung on when it wasn't easy.
Hey there and welcome. Your post sounds very confused to me and like you're not being entirely honest with yourself. In one paragraph you talk at length about how your wife is essentially just a party pooper and has no reason to complain because you're a _good_ drunk and after all you only get _really_ drunk every few months. In the next few you talk about needing alcohol to escape to unwind after a hard week to make up for your lack of coping skills to give you relief...That doesn't add up. It sounds like a bunch of bullshit you tell yourself so you don't have to look too closely at your alcohol abuse and its consequences. I'm not saying this to beat up on you or to suggest that you're somehow a bad person - not at all. I'm trying to cut through your denial - a defense mechanism that protects us from things we feel powerless towards...I'm not sure what you're looking for exactly but my suggestion would be: No alcohol at all for 90 days. Not as a punishment but as an experiment. Pay attention to what changes (good and bad) and try to make the most of it. Since you're seeing a therapist I'd strongly recommend getting them in the loop as well so they can support you throughout your experiment. At the end of the 90 days you can take inventory of what you've learned and decide what you want to do after.
They key here is 'I want to blow off pressure and be happy'. Alcohol isn't allowing you to do that what's making you happy is the Friday feeling the weather being awesome and hanging with friends. Alcohol is adding nothing to that scenario quite the opposite. 
you're  not happy in life but wondering how to be happy without alcohol which isn't making you happy...I actually get this. I loooved drinking until I didnt. The thought og never drinking again is sometimes still a lot to think about all I know is I wont drink today...Good luck to you :).
Welcome /u/purplewafflestomper -- at this [link is the Baby Steps post which lays out how I started stopping and got sober.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  I really appreciate your honest post about your fear of stopping.  Fear is substantially at the root of most of the inexplicable things that happened in my life.  Even though my wife is not an alcoholic she did have a drinking problem--ME.  My kids had the same drinking problem--and only I could do something about it.  I had to stop.
