-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4l2hd3/currently_sober_struggling_with_overwhelming/

I can fortunately say that I have only drank 3 times in the past 30 days which is a significant improvement over getting drunk every 1 to 3 days. However 2 of those times have occurred in the past week including last night...My plan to get back on track is to start taking my Antabuse again which did help me get to 24 days. I will also start going to AA and NA again. The local NA meeting is literally a 5 minute walk away 3 times a week so there is no excuse...I did not do anything terrible during my binges other than the act itself. got drunk and played video games isolating like I have been during the 2500+ times I've done it before...You would think that I just killed someone however with the level of guilt I'm feeling though. Are there any tools anyone uses to get past that part? I understand that at the end of the day the best thing I can do to move forward is stay sober. If these 3 fuck ups are the 3 last times I fuck up for the foreseeable long term than there should be no guilt...yet it's there like an unwelcome guest...Thanks for any advice.
----------immediate responses--------

Be nice to yourself.  3/30 is way better than 30/30. Make it part of your plan that if you slip up you accept it forgive yourself and get back on it. Recovering from one night is allot easier than a binge.  You can do this!
Hi pal I tried to stop but couldn't. I was one day off then two on i'm now on two off and one on. Smalls steps. Last week I went four days and was so proud next week or month maybe five. Good Luck
I so resonate with the guilt and shame! What helped me was therapy and committing to a recovery plan. The shame and guilt lessens the more sober time I get. And therapy helps a lot too!
Don't beat yourself up. You did a wonderful thing for yourself for not drinking for all that time in the last month. Counting days is a great way for some of us to get motivated to staying sober. For me it sometimes puts too much emphasis on shame and guilt relative to having a drink. I'm not drinking at all because that's best for me and I know that if I have one I might not stop ... ever.  ..It sounds like you feel like you don't want to drink at all. If drinking recently has convinced you that that is the case then view it as a positive learning experience and move on. 
It happened it never has to happen again go easy on yourself.
