-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4l5fym/1000_days_a_look_back_at_my_life_wall_of_text/

EDIT: Holy crap thanks for all your responses! I'm trying to make sure that I can get back to all of you! ..TL DR? Addicted to alcohol and painkillers nearly died a few times everything went to shit meant a new SO EVERYTHING'S GOOD NOW! ..Today I hit 1000 days sober I had a plan for what I would write on this day but I honestly can't think of how to say what I feel. Pride. ..I don't often feel proud of myself for things I've done in my life but this time I feel like a fucking lion this is my jungle and I am the King. I'm not going to lie and say that it's been an easy journey because it wasn't; this was the hardest and most painful thing I have had to do. Yes I had support but ultimately this was something I had to do on my own and no one could see feel or know what was happening while I did it...For those of you who don't know I had a 'pretty' serious drinking issue that was constantly escalating from my teenage years. From about the age of 14/15 I was getting hammered at weekends drinking at older friends house's secretly drinking the alcohol in my parents' house having people get alcohol out of their house and being cool drinking in on the park. As I grew older and started earning money it got worse I was out 3/4 times a week to go drinking and wasn't happy if I didn't have a drink in my hand past 6pm. This continued to escalate further and further and the drinking (and the alcohol) got heavier and heavier. ..My major downfall was when my little brother died I'd never really had to deal with death and the sudden death of a sibling especially a younger one is something no one expects and I hope that none of you ever have to experience it. I used alcohol as a coping mechanism I stayed drunk for about a month after he died and only stopped because I woke up in hospital spitting blood and my doctor told me I had been essentially been pickling myself with rum and ale for the last month and I was pretty lucky to be alive. It was around this time that they ran tests and confirmed I had an irregular heartbeat and that cutting down on my drinking was the first step needed to reduce any further risks to myself. But he was only a doctor what did he know right?..Well I continued with the drinking but things got worse I had to change jobs because the last one reminded me every day of when my brother died and I would go to the pub at lunch for a few pints to try and calm my nerves. At this time I started to become addicted to painkillers it started off small with ibuprofen and paracetamol which while it doesn't sound bad 2 packs a day of Nurofen will fuck both your liver and your kidneys (and your wallet shit is expensive yo!) but then it got worse to a level that I am ashamed of. My then fiance's mother was suffering from pretty bad sciatica/back pain and was issued with essentially a bucket of painkillers from co codamol co dydramol codine and some other crazy shit. You guessed it this was my jackpot! I started swiping the odd pill to try and sleep (pretending I had pains in my back from my dying kidneys) and this led to me becoming hooked on codine which if you didn't know is artificial morphine. Yes ladies and gentleman I was hooked on NHS flavoured opiates. I can't remember how long this lasted because at this point I was on painkillers and alcohol nearly constantly but it stopped when me and the fiance moved out of her mothers house into our own little flat and I couldn't get hold of the painkillers anymore. Coming off of a huge opiate high is fucking brutal I honestly thought that I was gonna die at any point. I was sweating so much I had to take a change of clothes to work with me every day and needed packs of painkillers to try take the edge off. During one of my crazy nights out I bumped into an old friend and we sat at the bar drinking absinthe for most of the night and then when they kicked us out we carried onto to our normal spot and carried on. The next morning I woke up screaming and having a seizure. If you have never had a seizure then let me tell you what it's like. Imagine setting fire to every cell in your body while being electrocuted and your body cramps up and curls into the foetal position no matter if you want to or not. Around this time me and my fiance decided to end it we were both crazy and being together was making each other worse. (She actually tried to kill me at this point and I was so hateful towards her that I think she became scared of me so I don't' blame her and I have forgiven her for it and we're pretty cool with each other now). ..When we broke up I moved into my best friends families house and started drinking heavy again I had less bills to pay so it meant more money on alcohol and painkillers! I started being able to afford larger and better bottles and I could get them more frequently. I was drinking no less than 10 beers a week night on a god day and a crate of beer with a bottle of wine/medium bottle of rum on a bad night. This didn't count weekends or Fridays! No sir! Weekends is where I went into overdrive. I would make my best friend take me to the local liquor specialist and I'd buy stupid amounts of alcohol. The first couple of times I went there they actually asked me if I was having a party and I had to sheepishly say no just staying in and watching TV. During this time I was able to pull myself off the painkillers as my best friend had started to notice and I realised how bad it was. Most weekends I was amount both Friday and Saturday night straight from work until about 4/5am and then up at 8 for work at 9. Going to work in a call center still drunk and waiting for the hangover to hit while trying to give tech support is fucking brutal I don't recommend it. I was seeing a girl at this point and I have never hated myself more than when I was with her. I was evil to her horrible. I insulted her shouted abuse I was demanding and embarrassing. She moved into a new house with some Uni friends and had a small party and within a few hours I had broken a table thrown up and tried hitting on one of her new housemates. I woke up in her bed with a note explaining what I had done and that she was in one of her housemates room as she didn't want to sleep next to me. Apparently we had started talking about death (her mum had died a few years before) and I couldn't deal with it when thinking about my brother and decided to pretty much neck a bottle of whisky. This drunken mess of a 'relationship' continued for a few months at this destructive path until it got to the point where we were just using each other for alcohol and sex which is nowhere near as fun as it sounds. ..Eventually the path to where I am today started I met someone who I didn't know would have such the impact on my life that she did. It's a bit of a long story but I can guarantee it has a happy ending! Towards the end of the excuse for a relationship with the girl I was seeing at the time I met my current SO at work. She was a new starter and as a senior member of the team I was asked to train her. I had trained hundreds of new starters so didn't take any notice when I was asked to train another that was until I met her. Holy crap. Guys you will know this it's that girl you meet and you want to call your dad and tell him about her just so he can be aware that she exists. Things went as normal while training but with a little more flirting that normal and I realised this was the woman I wanted to be with. Eventually things came to a point and I had to be honest with the girl I was seeing and I told her we were unhealthy for each other and that I thought she deserved someone who would treat her for the person she was and not just someone who was filling a void. She told me to fuck myself and we ended it there on the doorstep. Me and my current SO continued to talk to each other at work and at social events at work. It was during this time that she stopped talking to me as much and didn't invite me out to as many events once she saw how I was when I started drinking. She has never drank and couldn't understand why I would want to get myself into the situations I did. A few months later we got together and she made a point of telling me she wasn't happy with the amount that I was drinking and I should make an effort to cut back. This wasn't the first time someone had told me this and I unfortunately didn't take too much notice. Fast forward to a few months of our relationship together and me and my best friend went to a town a few miles out for a day of drinking. 10 hours later were at one of his friends house drinking neat vodka doing shots etc. I will never forget this night as it was the penultimate event to me going sober. I had my drink spiked with cocaine. You may remember from a few hundred words back that I have an irregular heartbeat you mix that with cocaine and you'll wake up in hospital not being able to breath while your hear spikes at nearly 160 bpm and you can't see properly. After getting out of hospital the next day I just had to see my SO I went back to work and just ran into her arms. I had never been so scared and convinced that I was going to die/lose someone special that I took a week off from drinking...But it didn't last too long. My depression started creeping back in and I went to drinking heavy again I was knocking back bottles of wine and 6 packs of heavy beers like they were water. My SO demanded that I cut back again or I would lose her.  I agreed to it and told her I would try. This was a pile of bullshit I knew that I wouldn't change my ways I never had before so why should I now? I was hiding it well I didn't have her come to my place (she didn't like my housemate so no worries there) and I cut back my drinking while in front of her. One drunken mistake lead to another and for some stupid motherfucking reason I made a confession bear meme stating 'My SO thinks I've cut down on my drinking. I drink X bottles of wine a night'. Ooh boy! She found it! (she knew my Reddit username). I now understand why they say Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. She text me saying she had found it and that we were done she wanted me to come to here house and pick up my stuff there and then or she was gonna bin it. All I could think was what the hell had I done. I had betrayed the trust of this beautiful woman who had taken me in with all of my issues and tried to do everything she could for me and to try and fix my life. All I had wanted to do was get drunk every night instead of dealing with my issues like a real man. I got to her house and my stuff was packed and ready to go. I begged her to give me a chance we were both crying and shouting at each other. I tried telling her she didn't understand what it was like to have to rely on something to keep yourself alive and she told me that she relied on me and I had failed her. Man. That hurt. It hurt nearly as much as when my brother died. She gave in and gave me an ultimatum it was either alcohol or her. If I ever drank again that would be it I would never hear or see her again. Time to make decision motherfucker! I didn't need long to make the choice I poured away all of the alcohol I had at both mine and her's and told her that I'd die never having another drink than lose her. ..It took a few months to get through it at first I was weak ill had constant headaches and was angry all the time. But when I went to bed and I saw her laying there asleep I knew it was worth it. I knew that I wasn't just doing this for my health I was doing it for her hell she made me realise was doing this for me. Things got better and better as we went along we had spare money to do things I tried my hardest to work at the relationship and make her understand that she was number 1 now not me not alcohol and painkillers but her. She made a huge change in my lifestyle I started eating better I was biking again I fixed my relationship with my parents and paid off my debts. She had fixed everything that I ignored with the drink and life was clearing up. I had made new friends who are now my best friends. About 18 months ago there was a job going that I wanted but didn't feel confident enough to go for. She sat me down and said that if I could give up alcohol for this long there wasn't anything I couldn't do. Why be scared of a job interview when you've battled drug and alcohol dependency? Well I went for it an hour after the interview I was told that I got the job! God damn! One of the roles I had always wanted and I had got there because of my SO! I knew what had to happen now I moved in with her to share the new found chapter of my life. ..About 6/8 months ago things started getting rough I was turning into a dick again and I could feel that I was gonna relapse. I knew that she didn't love me as much as she did before and I couldn't blame her. I was scared of relapsing I was having dreams of getting drunk/popping painkillers. Every morning I would wake up sweating and would have to get in a cold shower and shock myself awake. One day I was in a supermarket and walked into the alcohol aisle. Standing at the wines time seemed to stand still I couldn't tell how long I'd been there but I had a bottle in my hand and just stood there. When my phone rang and my SO wanted to know how long I would be until I got home I put the bottle back and went home scared of what had just happened. Something had to be done an addictive personality with nothing to be addicted to? I thought it was only going to be a matter of time before I woke up in a ditch with a few empties and a packet of pills; time to find an answer! ..'Hey man you fancy coming to the gym? I've got a free pass for a day'. My SO's brother had text me with the answer! I used to run 5 miles a day and had always been interested in lifting weights. It was hard at first and I didn't see the results I wanted ready to throw in the towel I was gonna give up again. But a album turned me round Eminem's Recovery. Holy hell. I listened to the album for the first time in years and it was like he was physically picking me up and telling me not to give up and to get back in there. Not Afraid has become my anthem just the words came make me well up 'It was my decision to get clean I did it for me. Admittedly I did it probably did it subliminally for you so I could come back a brand new me you helped see me through and don't even realise what you did.'..So here we are 1000 days since I promised to give up alcohol and I'm in the best shape I have ever been in and life has never been better. I've gone from an anorexic alcoholic painkiller addicted abusive piece of shit who only cared for himself to  a recovered/recovering addict in the best shape I have ever been in who cares more for his friends and family more than he thought possible.  I can run faster I lift more I love more and I live more. Me and my SO have moved to a better house I got a pay rise we have a motherfucking dog and I'm training for 2 marathons. My best friend/old drinking buddy joined me at the gym gave up smoking drugs and only drinks once a week now. The fact that he openly told me that I inspired him brought tears to my eyes she hasn't just saved me but she also saved my wizard too. ..Everything is on track at the moment and if it drops then I will pick us up dust us off and carry us until the end. ..I'm not afraid.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow this is very positive.  Well-done.  I hope you submit this to the Saturday Shares link on the sub sidebar.  ..Congratulations on your first 1000 days.
Inspiring stuff massive congratulations not only on the big round number but also on the huge life changes you have made and your fantastic self-awareness. I really hope that things continue on an upward trajectory for you and your partner.
Incredible! What a fantastic read. Totally inspiring. 
I read this twice thank you for sharing please submit it to the Saturday Shares like coolcrosby said.
&gt;we were just using each other for alcohol and sex which is nowhere near as fun as it sounds...Thank you for making me laugh. And thanks for sharing. This is a wonderful post.
Thanks for writing this all down. It helped me today!
Read every word.  Great story man.  Congratulations on your new life!
I needed to read this today. Thank you for sharing and congrats on making huge strides and for living the life you were meant to live. Your words are so inspiring and motivating.
This was great.  I love a good love story.  
Very good ending! congrats!!! :) 1000 days is amazing! 
Oh man that made me tear up.  Congratulations on such a huge accomplishment.  You have come so far!  What an inspiration!
1K! Awesome share. I have some Eminem in my iTunes library and Not Afraid is getting added to it today. Will definitely think of you when I hear it. Training for 2 marathons? as if one is not enough. I'm starting to get my self in gear for 13.1 here. Not Afraid. 
Wow that was an incredible read. Congrats to you you should be extremely proud of yourself and you are an inspiration to many here I would think. Best of luck in your journey.
This is a great post. Thanks for sharing!
Congrats and great inspirational read. I read every word as well. I'm at 70 days and feeling great but need the outer body restoration (weights/bike) to complete my life's overhaul. 
[deleted]
Huge accomplishments! You're an inspiration. I will not drink with you today. :-) 
The power you got there is something to behold. I hope to be as strong as you someday. Amazing man.
That was a blinder of a read mate not just your epic achievement but the story was great too- The confession bear! Noooo! Hey cheers for sharing; you had some proper dark days and to come back and smash it is massive. Good on ya mate right on.
Congratulations on how far you've come and for all the work you put in to get there. Reading stories like yours inspires me because I see that it is possible to see that many sober days even if sometimes it doesn't feel like it. 
Absolutely amazing story. Inspiration wisdom honesty humility motivation positivity hardship sorrow and love. Have I missed anything?!!! Thank you.
Amazing story. I had tears in my eyes by the end.
Well done you should be real proud of your self you've reached a mile stone and achieved a goal you've shown others out there that it's possible I really do respect someone that try's their best and obviously you do... Keep up the good work hope you all the best.
Wow. Thanks for sharing your story. Well writtenhonest and positive - my kind of post! You deserve to be proud for your turning around your life! 
I'm in tears.  Your story is so raw and real and wonderful.  Congratulations on 1000 days and blessings on all the work you've done to get yourself here.
You are amazing. I got a bit weepy reading your story but weepy in a good way. Thanks for sharing!
Excellent work! Inspiring! Keep it going and by please submit this to the Saturday Shares link.
Excellent work! Inspiring! Keep it going and by please submit this to the Saturday Shares link.
Way to go!!! 
I'm in tears right now thank you and godbless you on your journey. 
Well done brutha!
Well done. I am so sorry for the pain you endured in your past and have so much admiration and respect for you for moving past it. I wish you all the best in the future and congratulations on this major landmark in your recovery. Thanks for sharing your story.
I just ...
Thank you. It's stories like this that make me look with hope and joy to the future...Good job.
[deleted]
Really good share. Thanks!
you are so awesome. I hope my SO does the same as you...I try like your Lady does/did but I am not sure my Guy  "gets" it yet...Test of Will... and sometimes wondering WTF am I doing in this relationship. Thank you for sharing. 
