-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4l78vp/nonalcoholic_beer_good_or_bad/

Hello everybody. I wonder what are your thoughts regarding the non-alcoholic beer as a remedy to cravings? I have tried several brands and it seems to help to an extent. When I really crave a cold pint I just grab a can of a non-alcoholic beer from the fridge and seems to help in taking off the edge. And I cannot drink a lot of it usually I stop after 2-3 cans because it is very filling at the same time. But I am struggling in general. I've been on and off the wagon many times so I start wondering whether the non-alcoholic beer is useful at all. What are your thoughts?  
----------immediate responses--------

"Non-alcoholic beers are for non-alcoholics" as they say!
When I do the relapse prevention workshop at the group I volunteer with we talk about removing any and all reminders of alcohol from the house.  It's easy to fall back into old patterns of behaviour when they're around.  IMHO NA beer qualifies as a reminder.  As such I wouldn't recommend it.
Non-alcoholic beer is not alcohol free.  Personally I have made the decision to never knowingly put alcohol in my system.  That decision has simplified my sobriety and recovery greatly...Does it concern you at all that in order to "take the edge off" of a craving for alcohol you are putting something in your body that is designed to give you the look feel and taste of alcohol?  In my mind that scenario is simply postponing the inevitable....
NA beers are just gross anyways. Tried them while my wife was pregnant. Gross. 
When I first tried to quit I kept some cold zero alcohol beers in the fridge and when I came home from work I'd pop a few and sit in front of the tv... Basically exactly what I did before except minus the alcohol. I reckon that to change the sense of craving a drink I had to change my behaviour a lot more than just removing the alcohol element from my beer. The further I moved from my old patterns of acting the more changes (small and big) I make  the stronger I feel and the better my vigilance and resolve. I wouldn't drink alcohol free beer or non alcoholic beer or whatever now; I've moved on from that part of my life. 
[deleted]
I don't think it would help for me. If anything the lack of buzz might frustrate me enough to go get real beer. So I avoid. Cranberry juice and water for me.
I do drink it from time to time now but didn't even consider using it for cravings in the early days. ..But if it helps you it helps you. These things vary a lot from person to person.
For me NA beer would not be helpful.  My recovery and sobriety has been based on changing my routines and habits.  I'm afraid grabbing a frosty cold one and sitting on the couch would start me on a binge.  Instead of doing that I have replaced that activity with exercise home improvement projects and more quality time interacting with friends and family...Not saying not to do it...if it helps you I'm for it.  In my case the NA beer would be playing head games with me. 
Why?
Don't know. Don't bother. I've always thought that drinking NA beer is a bit like masturbating without an orgasm. Kinda...what's the point? Really wouldn't want to risk my head missing the end result beer should bring. 
I think the bigger issue is not about whether non-alcoholic beer itself is okay...What does drinking it say about the strength or direction of your recovery?..Are you having cravings and resorting to drinking a nonalcoholic beer instead of exploring healthier ways to cope?..I haven't ever resorted to drinking a nonalcoholic beer - but I have resorted to other things and other behaviors instead. I wanted to take the easy route to making myself feel better rather than doing the hard work of changing my behaviors and thoughts. 
