-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4l7jz3/how_i_beat_my_cravings_today/

Day 9 has been the hardest so far. The reason I started drinking was depression and recently I've finally started going to the doctor to put a plan in place. Once I got a bunch of tests done and it was confirmed that I was in good health physically my doctor told me I couldn't get my psychiatric test done until I cut down on the drinking because I can't drink on antidepressants so he needs to see that I can keep it to a minimum. I've been trying to quit for months but never had the motivation to last long because I haven't hit a rock bottom yet. But I want to feel better so badly so I've been struggling through these last 9 days and today was the worst. .But I think I'm gonna be okay and here's what I did (in case anyone else is in the same situation): I cried a lot. I told myself I could do ANYTHING but drink. I wrote down all the reasons I wanted to quit and described the person I want to be and why that involves not drinking. I wrote down my goals and where I want my life to be and where it could go if I let the drinking take its toll. Then I put on my workout clothes and looked in the mirror thought about how good I could look if I took care of myself and signed up for another hot yoga class that starts soon (4th day in a row keeping me sane!). Then I cried some more and came to write this and now I'm going to go walk over to the yoga studio and sweat and probably cry some more haha. .Every time I cry and hurt and work through that instead of turning to booze I feel proud. It isn't easy or fun but I surrender to that pain and let it pass over me. I feel strong. It will be okay. I will not drink with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great job. I won't drink with you.
&gt;I surrender to that pain and let it pass over me. I feel strong. It will be okay...You sound like you are doing great and it will be ok.  There is suffering you have to go through to get past the beginning leg of this journey but it's suffering that I think is healthy although it may not seem that way now.  I would much rather go through the pain of quitting than the pain I was suffering drinking and fucking up my body and mind all the time.  The longer you stay sober the easier it will be.  Just keep doing the good work to be human again.  Take care hope you feel better.
I cried so much too and today is day 32. I swim everyday and I can not remember the last time I have been this happy. You are doing awesome. Its so good. I will not drink with you today.
You sound strong to me!  good work!
I don't know you but I'm proud of you.  Keep taking care of yourself.  I won't drink with you today.
Day 9 for me and it has been busy but I did have a thought of having a cold beer after a hot but successful day in the field. But clearly challenged by depression or anxiety I chose not to. Sober here this evening. Glad your still here too.
&gt;Every time I cry and hurt and work through that instead of turning to booze I feel proud. It isn't easy or fun but I surrender to that pain and let it pass over me. I feel strong. It will be okay. I will not drink with you all today... This is it.  This is the journey.  I am on it with you.  Hurt Cry Stretch Surrender. Blessings.
Jesus. Same day sober for me too. I cried and felt like turds today as well. Still made it through.
