-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4l9tn4/reset_again_stupidly_failed/

After finally going to meetings and getting my 30 day chip i have slipped up. A few days ago I found out that an old friend has slid into narcotics addiction. She is now facing serious legal issues...This person is educated and once held a good job with a promising future but she has slipped into a very dark place. I cut ties with this person several years ago as her addiction made a relationship impossible. When I heard about her arrest and saw the shocking mug shot of how this once-beautiful girl looks now something jusr died a little bit inside of me and I drank again going on a multi-day bender and missing work...It is not lost on me that I responded in a completely stupid and illogical way ironically compromising my hard earned sobriety in some type of misguided response to my friend's addiction issues. I don't know why I did this but I'm sitting here unable to sleep and experiencing the dreaded cold-sweats associated with withdrawal. It seems pretty sad and pathetic. I am deeply embarrassed and ashamed. ..Today I walked into my AA meeting and announced my failure to the group. Most were sympathetic. Not surprisingly some of the really old codgers were condescending Most seemed to think that it was unusual to make a public admission of relapsing in a meeting. I didnt know...So where do I go from here? I have arranged for a sponsor (I didn't previously have one) and I guess I'll start working the steps. I've also arranged to start meeting with a personal counselor who can perhaps help me better understand myself...This feeling of wrestling with alcohol is absolutely horrible. I would never wish it on anyone. I appreciate the support that is found in this group. 
----------immediate responses--------

Learning what you need makes the failure anything but stupid. I'm so sorry about your friend. You you're going to be alright. You're pulling yourself out and taking proper steps to climb the rest of the way. Be well I won't drink right along with you. 
"Quitting drinking is easy I've done it a thousand times!"..Sorry. But seriously more than a few times I've heard it said that relapse is part of recovery. I know that it has been for me. I've been seeing a therapist for a couple months now and it has greatly helped me to see my problems from different perspectives and develop new ways of approaching them. The way my therapist explained "healthy" relapse (my words not hers) is that as long as you're taking two steps forward and one step back it's still progress. Obviously you new to stop falling back at some point... I guess the point I'm trying to make is that kicking yourself in the ass over a slip isn't productive - you have to forgive yourself understand why it happened and plan not to do it again. Sounds like you're already doing this...Sorry about your friend.
Seems like a normal reaction for someone who is fighting a battle also. It is sad to see things like that. You on the other hand sound like you want better for yourself. Old timmers lol they are just old grump pots what the hell is a meeting for? Support right. Keep up YOUR fight! I will on my end. Take care.
The best way to forgive yourself is to get back on the horse. I had multiple tries at putting this run together. Eventually dry heaves shakes and sweats won out over all the good excuses I had to drink. After a time I came to feel a lot better and now I won't give that up. Stick with it its worth it. I won't drink with you today.
Don't count days make today count. 
Two things that stand out:..You used a lame excuse to lose sobriety...You use the word "wrestle"...You gotta want it man. There is no fucking other way for me to tell you the secret. I ain't giving up no matter what some stupid bitch down the street does. Fuck her. If you don't want sobriety you aren't going to get it. Wrestle? Shit I don't let the shit get near enough to get in a wrestling match with it. The shit might chase me but I'm up and running when I see it coming. You gotta want it and a small part of wanting is earning. Start fighting for yourself. Stay stronger this time.
