-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lhiq7/has_anyone_used_allen_carrs_easyway_method_to/

I've just been reading this book on controlling alcohol and I think it might be just what I have needed after years of struggling with booze...The book breaks the illusions around drinking and stops the desire to have a drink altogether. So far so good...I just wondered if anyone has tried this?
----------immediate responses--------

It used to enjoy prominent advertisement in this sub's sidebar until the book's current publisher had a spectacular train wreck of an AMA and the community did a post-hoc transfer of his idiocy onto the book itself...It's still listed in the wiki:..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_real_life_support_groups
Yes that book is the stake in the heart that killed my alcohol vampires or as Carr says monsters..
It worked amazingly for me. I haven't had a drink since the day I read it. I found it difficult to believe at the time and almost impossible to get into the required happy frame of mind...
I didn't use the book for drinking but I used the smoking one. It was surprisingly helpful. 
[removed]
I found it to be interesting read but the book would not have been an adequate program of long term sobriety for me.  It did put the use of alcohol into a very different view for me but I needed more than a book to keep me focused.
Ya - super awesome book. I read that and another book called This Naked Mind by Annie Grace (which is pretty much the same book but I prefer her writing) every few months and I don't ever have any desire to drink or feel like I'm missing out. ..It's such a shame the Allen Carr AMA crashed and burned so badly I owe so much to that book but I have such a bitter taste in my mouth about the company. All in all in my opinion totally still worth a read! 
[deleted]
I did! Haven't touched a drop  over 6 mos with no desire to return. I needed (and still use) this forum as once the novelty wore off I wanted more solid footing in my choice. Definitely a believer in it. 
I spent my first few weeks reading it this time around and felt like it was really what I needed in the moment.  I'd picked it up maybe a year before after hearing so much about it on here but found the style so ridiculous that I couldn't get into it.  This time around I was in such a daze ill concentration just shot that I suppose the sort of simplicity and hyperbole that turned me off originally worked for me...Toward the end it sort of started falling apart for me as I went through a pretty horrendous case of the DTs (ended up with rhabdo) and couldn't get behind the "oh it's all in the mind you see!" take on withdrawal.  I'd actually missed the whole AMA debacle so didn't see that one coming.  But I sort of forced myself to take the good and leave the bad and just started up on the next book on my list.  ..I can see myself pulling it out and skimming in the event that I start to get a craving or urge; I can see it being possibly effective at taming the "beast" when it starts whispering sweet nothings in my ear.
I found it to be very effective - I must have read it 10 times over a long time period and then something clicked.  ..The stop smoking book was extremely successful as well - I read it a couple of times and then quit.  No withdrawal - nothing - that was so long ago I cannot even remember my stop year!..I have been to a few AA meetings but not with any frequency.  I just do not have any desire to drink.  I don't know if I am in some sort of 'pink cloud' period or if it is the Carr book.
