-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4livwr/the_inevitable/

A few years ago when I was in my late teens/early twenties I was diagnosed with panic disorder. I'm "better" now haven't had a panic attack in years thanks to therapy & medication but at the time it was hell. A huge part of getting better was learning and internalizing the knowledge that feelings do not necessarily reflect reality. Just because I felt momentarily dizzy or uneasy that didn't mean I was going to die or that an hours-long panic attack was inevitable. ..My relapses have followed a similar pattern. I think "fuck it why not just have a drink" which is followed by "well you already started thinking about it it's inevitable and resisting will only prolong your suffering". I had that thought several times today. How "nice" it would be to just relax after work with a strong drink (aka sitting alone in my room watching Netflix). For once I didn't listen to the part of my brain that just says "fuck it who cares?" I let the craving wash over me and ebb away like I used to do with panic attacks. Less than 10 minutes later the urge to drink was gone and I went out to spend too much money on cookbooks then took my pupper for a nice long walk. ..Way better than getting shamefacedly buzzed alone in a dark bedroom.
----------immediate responses--------

So true! The tools that we use for anxiety depression urges for alcohol can all work together. Way to go!
Fantastic! Always inspiring to see people successfully fighting the cravings. Reminds me that they will in fact pass with time.
I dispute any irrational thinking that *that* voice throws at me. I refuse to believe that relapse is inevitable I view it as completely avoidable I can make the choice that aligns with my commitments rather than my transient impulses. Nice one on getting through those cravings today! The walk sounds like a great idea I love walks for getting me in a great frame of mind.
I never experienced repeated anxiety attacks until they were caused by my drinking. For a while I could depend on waking up at 3:30 am with them and eventually learned how to breathe my way through it. I love the idea of letting cravings wash over you and ebb away in the same way. Thanks for the perspective shift.
Good for you!
When I first started trying out sobriety one day at a time might as well been forever. But when I got a craving and decided okay if I feel this way in an hour or 1/2 hour I'll reconsider. For me its small bites. Good luck I won't drink with you Mon.
