-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lptnh/stopping_failing/

Yesterday I went thru similar emotions to days in the past where I would have destroyed my sobriety. I was reflecting on what made yesterday a succes rather than an abysmal hungover failure. Many of which are still graphically etched in my memory. Like the great soul crushing blackout/hangover of christmas day 2012. I had stopped drinking for a month (probably after thanksgiving blackout 2012) but found myself unable to cope. ..Yesterday I knew I wouldn't be drinking but also saw I was struggling depressed anxious feeling left out tired hungry lonely etc. All perfect forecast conditions for a storm if I wasn't careful. Here's what I did to guarantee sobriety yesterday. If you guys want to add in what has made the difference in keeping u sober recently please do...1 Met with an old bfff (who still drinks) in the morning at a coffee shop/smoothie place. Self explanatory--no chance of temptation. ..2 Ate dinner even when I felt like continuing to wallow in my low blood sugar depression. Old me used to go out sober on an empty stomach. Surprise bad things happened...3 I didn't go 'out'. This fit where I'm at in my sobriety. Id rather not even be within 1000 feet of a beer garden right now. Its just too much. ..4 Got a massage. Can sometimes be awkward to have a stranger touch u but i knew I was stressed and it helped so much. I could tell by what she said that my muscles were the knottiest they'd ever been. ..5 Kept in touch on stop drinking IRC ..6 Entertained the idea of going to a recovery meeting if I needed it. I ended up not going but that was due to being tired. ..7 Texted with a sober friend...I woke up this morning early with the sun out in full glory and where I live looking green and beautiful. The loud birds and blaring radio in my car didnt irritate me it made me happy. This is a huge change to the rough days of 2012 2013 2014 2009 2010...etc. .Godspeed sobernauts. Please share if inclined. And shoutout to u/stratyturd for helping inspire this with that great thread on venting.
----------immediate responses--------

Bravo for 405 days! Thanks for giving us the specific tools you used to fight for your sobriety. I am impressed!
Well done.
Thanks for sharing. I really needed to be reminded today that I need to keep taking proactive steps.
What a kickass post MBMP!! I am glad to have helped inspire such kickassness. ..;addpoint  :P 
