-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lvnbh/hesitant_to_tell_people/

Hi everyone. ..I'm new to the sub but found a lot of inspiration since joining. I have struggled with alcohol for some time and found relief when I found this support group!..I'm not sure if anyone will see this but I wanted advice about being newly sober. ..I'm coming up on a week of sobriety and haven't told anyone about my new goal. I'm not sure what is holding me back. I don't know if it stems from a fear of accountability or fear of being judged. ..Any advice is appreciated! :) ..Thanks for reading!  
----------immediate responses--------

I've been thinking about this a lot for the past 3 weeks. I think for me it's a little bit of the fear of accountability and the fear of being judged. But also I think it's me knowing that it's hard to set new habits and hard to reset others' expectations of you. Sometimes it's easier to let that happen through your actions than through your words.
Congrats on nearly a week! .The only person that knows about me being sober is my partner we were arguing and I blurted out that I thought I was an alcoholic and he agreed. I haven't told anyone else as I feel it's none of their business. I don't go out very much so it's not really a problem for me. When I have been out I have just told people I don't want alcohol to drink no big deal....I do think that telling someone made me more accountable though and has helped keep me sober. It is scary but do you have someone you can trust? Actually saying it out loud to someone makes a real difference.
I haven't told a lot of people yet either. My fear is that they will make a comment about how bad I was or remind me of something stupid I did-something to that effect. I harbor a lot of shame and embarrassment regarding my drinking and I'm not ready to welcome commentary from anyone other than my husband right now.
Why do you need to tell anyone anything?  I struggled early off with the same thing.  Fear of being judged mainly.  I was so worried about it and it was all for nothing.  Nobody asks nobody cares unless its your family or a gf/bf or someone who might be contemplating quitting themselves.  I thought I would have to tell everyone but ended up not telling anyone.  It's my journey and no one needs to know upfront.  If its someone who is curious yes I would tell them why I don't drink it makes me sick it doesn't fit into my life I make bad decisions..etc.  I think we NEED to talk about this stuff which is why forums like this are great or AA groups or having other addicts as friends.  We NEED to get things off our chest about this which is maybe why we are so consumed with fear about the idea of sharing it with others.  I will tell you this most "others" will not understand you when you talk about why you don't drink and there might be judgement involved which can lead to feelings you don't want/need.  WE will understand you other folks in the same boat and it's important to get that.  It's why recovery groups are so important.  It will save you pain and suffering later because if you can share and not be judged that is healthy for you to grow.
I try to keep in mind that I can't un-tell people and I can't control how people will react so I'm not in a hurry to share my personal business. .
Glad you're here!  Have you seen u/coolcrosby starter pack [Baby steps to stop drinking](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) at this link?  That's good advice !..Insofar as telling others here's my curiosity: "what is that you hope to create by telling them?"..If you can share that responses may be more in sync with you...For me I didn't make any announcements.  I only told my wife.  I found (a) just being sober was the best statement and (b) no one cared the least bit.
I haven't shared with anyone but my husband. I am a pretty private person anyway about my feelings. I think this came from growing up in a judgmental family where I heard about everything. This is too important to me. I want to picture and believe in myself as a sober healthy individual and I don't need to hear about any memories about the times I screwed up...I think I will just tell the people I think will be supportive and helpful. If others hear about it I'll deal with that but I only want positive people and good influences in my life.
Funny I can't seem to NOT tell people. Probably has something to do with my big fat mouth  
I told the people closest to me; best friends parents partner. I am out and about a lot so I am offered alcohol quite a bit so I do disclose my sobriety as needed. I wanted to tell my closest friends because I knew they would be supportive. I am proud of the fact that I don't drink and I don't have trouble disclosing it when I feel like it's good for me to do (like in circumstances when people ask me continually if I want an alcoholic beverage)...It's your choice I think and your prerogative. Your accountability is up to you...I am sending you my love and respece because you got this. And even if you don't  I am sending you love and respect anyway. Because you're freakin' awesome.
After about 1 week I was comfortable saying "I don't drink." not "I'm trying to not drink" or "I'm trying to quit" or whatever I had said in the past. "I don't drink." Definitive.
My motivation is health based. I was on the path to literally drinking myself to death. I won't drink with you today!
I don't think you owe anyone an explanation. My husband knows and I  told only a couple of my friends. Some have known I have struggled with alcohol in the past and they have been supportive. I haven't told anyone else though nor do I want to. Maybe later on if I feel like I need to but for the most part I rather work being sober and other issues and get them under control to better myself. 
I have the same fear. I don't want people to criticize me if and when I fall off the wagon. Nothing wrong with keeping it to yourself.
I just tell people I'm not drinking today.   And it's rarely gone past that.   I've found that most people don't really care if you are drinking or not.  And they really don't care why you aren't drinking. 
At first I didn't tell anyone. But then I had to tell people at work who offered me drinks. They knew why it wasn't a good idea. I stopped hanging out where people are drinking. That helped enormously. After a few weeks I told people who loved me. By the time the month had past I was so over it set in my new life and support group that I didn't care who knows. I'm not ashamed anymore and I'm not holding back in case I want to relapse. Anyone who doesn't support me has no place in my much better life now anyway. Really. 
My doctor. My therapist. My SO. My dad...Yep. That pretty much completes my list. I basically said to myself "who NEEDS to know?"..Everyone else can go pound sand until I have decided it is the right time/place/context for them to know.
Congratulations on a week that's good news. I told very few people some I told never spoke to me again and I am glad they are gone. Those who care either don't need to know or will simply accept it when they are told. Either way the choice is yours good luck :-) 
[deleted]
Yesterday I told people that I was on a diet which is not false. I'm not going to tell them the truth because I know that some will judge me. Not my closest friends but others will. I even got a joke about me being in AA... Yeah nice joke. ..There's a really negative popular stereotype associated with alcohol problems. Which is why I don't bother...Part of me hates that I get asked why I don't drink. I was tempted to ask: "Well why do you drink?" but that would be passive agressive.
I initially chose to tell people whom I trusted to keep confidence not a secret. I told them so they could be accountability partners. Then as I became solid in my process I told more people if they asked. I have nothing to be ashamed of. I don't know that I see alcoholism as a disease so I don't say that but i do see it as a pattern in my life that causes harm to myself and others and therefore I choose to stop it. 
[deleted]
