-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lwdcn/relapsed_after_21_days_damn_sucks_starting_again/

Hey everyone I want to start by thanking you all for being a part of this community and helping each other out we're all a blessing to each other. I quit originally in May 8th and had literally no problems holding off drinking until this recent weekend...I'd seriously never had to battle a craving when the thought of alcohol came into my head. I'd see the beer cooler in the store unphased my friends buy beer to drink at my place? No worries it'll be fun too see to them drunk while I'm still in control of myself. This Sunday was different though; my addiction took a new angle that I really wasn't expecting or prepared for...I went to a rap show to support my friends who were performing and the whole night I had the bar in the back of my mind. So many dressed up people drinking around me and having a good time I kept having thoughts of buying a shot because I had that old familiar social anxiety (more than likely from smoking bud really something I need to kick as well) but I fought it and said I didn't need it...Fast forward the headliner from the show comes down and tells me we're going to an after party at a nice ass hotel and immediately I began to get worried that a relapse may come tonight. I was having way too many exciting thoughts of what was to come for the night and my mistake was implanting all these thoughts of drinking into my head...Long story short didn't go the hotel ended up drinking anyway and was immediately reminded why I quit drinking to begin with since I couldnt stop opening new beers. Passed out realized my mistake the next day STILL drank about 5 or 6 beers for memorial day and just as I expected no extra enjoyment was had. On the contrary I was very disappointed in myself that I'm hungover my first day back to work...Well fuck that noise I'm no fool no matter how my alcoholism tries to ease alcohol back into my life Ive already decided I'm done with it and that's what I really want. So I'm not drinking today. Thank you all again.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I hear ya. I screwed up this past Sunday...But you and I are both here no? That's worth a whole lot of something...
I'm really glad you are back among us and willing to share that story. I believe that I could easily fall back into my drinking pattern without continuing to look at the pros and cons of doing so. Your story is a reminder to me of what's in my future should I choose to go back.
Sorry you had a rough weekend but reading this was helpful to me. Yesterday was rough for me as far as cravings went. The only thing keeping me from drinking was the promise i made to not drink THAT day. ..Reading this reminds me the "escape" I think I'm missing out on by not drinking isn't an escape at all. ..Good luck. I won't drink with you today!
[deleted]
Well done on coming back!..I found the secret to me not relapsing in the early stages was to sign in and do the daily pledge every day (I still do). For that day only I make a promise to myself that I won't drink regardless of what happens...I don't get many cravings now but I did yesterday. I think it was because I'm fighting off some sort of virus which left me feeling a bit down...Thanks to my promise I didn't pick up. Today I'm happy about this. ..I won't drink with you today.
I never tried to out think my disease and think I could continue to do things I did in the past and not drink. When I first sobered up I stayed out of wet places and still avoid them today if at all possible. I see no reason to test myself like you did. It appears that alcohol came back into your life very easily and as they say cunning baffling and powerful.
