-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lyqbt/60_days_sober_and_the_pink_cloud_is_nonsense_to_me/

I haven't felt this good mentally and physically in a *very* long time and it's only getting better every single day. Ok so with that being said I would like to share my thoughts on "the pink cloud". Ok now bear with me I'll try and keep this as short as possible. So after the withdrawals for the first few days of sobriety I felt amazing I could think eat and was just starting to sleep normally again. Bliss. Then things just started to seem better on a daily basis..it was incredible I heard about "the pink cloud/honeymoon phase" a little bit and thought nothing of it really. I was just focused on getting sober reading with my sponsor etc. Then came my one month I was ecstatic! I haven't felt that proud about a self accomplishment in a very long time. So my sponsor presented me my coin I gave my little speech about how great life is now and how happy I am then somone talked after me and started telling me about the pink cloud relapse blah blah. I was taken aback. So this past month I thought about it from time to time "did I win the lottery of sobriety? Will this great feeling of pure happiness ever go away? Will I relapse?" The answer is no. Of course it is one day at a time but every morning I remind myself how great everything has been how I'm not going to drink and I put a memory of all the pain and misery I caused myself and others while drinking in my back pocket. ..So to sum it up live everyday to the fullest. This disease sucks sure but there is hope. For anyone who read this thanks :) you guys are all awesome! ..And sorry for the grammar I'm on my tablet and pretty tired. But super excited to get my coin tomorrow!!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!!..And yeah I have found myself holding back from sharing how awesome I feel to be alive after headed for an early early death. I didn't want to hear the second guessing "pink cloud" bullshit!..Is every moment great? Not at all. do I feel fucking amazing and plan to never let alcohol take from me again? yes!.I just feel so reeeeeealeived to never have to be back there it's not the pink cloud.
Enjoy each and every moment to the fullest!  You worked for it!
I think we should enjoy the moments that are good. My morning posts are way more positive than my night posts. I must have a pinker cloud in the morning...lol! I do understand the pink cloud though and feel there IS a moment when everything seems right again. Some of us have been doing life halfway (or less) so when all of a sudden we are doing something right it feels good. 
It feels encouraging to read this thanks for sharing. Hope you keep feeling good! :) I hope to get there within the next two months one day at a time... So far I feel better so much better than I've felt since I started drinking 3 years ago.
I was on a pink cloud for the better part of a year to be honest.  My second year of sobriety was harder for me emotionally but well worth it.  I've learned a lot.
CONGRATS!!.I am on 10th day of sober  I feel so energetic  have clear mind and clear thoughts  have lots of time for my hobbies..whenever thought of drinking comes in mind  i think of past days hardwork i did will all go waste and will have to start again as ONE DAY I HAVE TO QUIT why not today. 
For me being sober never gets old. Just love it.
I'm 5mos in and still love it! But it may be too early to tell. I was really really low when I was drinking. My life is what I would consider "normal" now-- something I've always dreamed of. Finances under control physically healthy emotionally healthy... I don't love my job and I would love to make more money and have more friends but I appreciate my ritual of making coffee cooking cleaning exercising grocery shopping chillin by the pool... I'd say I'm happy. It's a lot easier for me to count my blessings as a sober person. Like I said it's not like I took some magic pill and life is suddenly great but compared to what it was... stressful and depressing... I'd take sobriety any day and the "pink cloud" that comes with it. It's about finding peace in the moment and that's a lot easier for me when I think back to sour memories related to drinking.
I didn't pay any attention to the pink cloud. If it exists I'm still on it it's just my sober normal. I am very happy in myself and my sobriety I value my sober life. Drinking sucked I was trapped; by not drinking I am free. Things aren't always easy but that's just life! ..I don't listen to any internal dialog that fears for the future. I focus on today and trust myself to cope with whatever life throws my way.
Congrats on 60 days! I was glad when my pink cloud was over it was a bit ridiculous having tears of joy while eating a tuna sandwich. I don't listen to the prophecies about relapsemilestones etc.. If you want to remain sober it only comes down to the choice you make everyday there's no blindside if I don't want to. Thanks for sharing the hope!
Great work! I got to 86 days sober then threw it away 2 weekends ago. I went to a psy trance festival and my anxiety came back pretty hard so I drank some beers. I also did coke and MDMA. After that weekend I reset my badge and I'm on day 10 today. This second attempt hasn't been as rosy as my first 86 day stint but I know I just have to dig in and do my time because time heals. 
Congrats!!!!!
Great job!
