-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lze2i/new_here_day_3_for_me/

Hey all - ..I've been lurking here for a couple of days trying to figure out if I have a drinking problem or if it's really an issue for me (and not me overthinking things and feeling paranoid). ..From what I can tell this group is full of supportive people and we have more in common than I ever thought I'd have with anyone regarding these issues/feelings. So I'm grateful for you all and I'd like to thank you for being here and being open honest and helpful. ..I've been sober for the last 3 days (and struggling with my relationship with alcohol for the past 4 years). So far this time around - I've "quit" many times before" - I've been pretty anxious and craving alcohol like crazy. I'm just trying to keep busy and distracted to keep myself from drinking. ..I opened up to friend about my relationship with alcohol today. She was supportive and encouraged me to find a support group. So here I am making myself known. ..The thought of reaching out for help from an external group of people scares me. It means if I'm honest with myself I do have a problem. And if I do have a problem and I'm telling other people about it then I'm serious about stopping and stopping scares the crap out of me. (I loathe the idea of never drinking again which I guess is why we take it "one day at a time.")..But I guess I'll give it my best shot and we'll see what happens. ..Thanks again everyone for being here. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome - I'm on day 3 too!
Welcome. Not long ago I found SD and have found it extremely helpful. The Mods are awesome and make sure we all play by the rules. First few days I was reading every post and soaking up the wisdom and insight...and finally seeing some hope!
I don't think about "never" that's too big. Think about "today" and never will work itself out. You're in a good place in here people listen and don't judge. Day 1 or day 5000we're all here to help each other with today. Good luck to you be proud of yourself. 
I'm glad you reached out. That's a great start.
Hi welcome! I'm new here too and have definitely been struggling with admitting I have a problem. I've also been reading through every post and just taking it all in. Being here makes me feel a lot less alone. All the best to you!
