-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4m16eg/timehop_and_on_this_day/

Good morning SD! ..I am sure many of you are familiar with the app Timehop and Facebook's On This Day  feature. For those that aren't it just shows you things you posted or shared on this day in the past. You can also connect it you your gallery so it will show all photos taken or saved. I believe it also does texts now...This morning I was looking through mine and I came across a picture I saved. It said: Party Problems #155 spending your entire morning mass texting your apologies for last night. ..This hit me in several ways. First I'm like wow.... I can't believe I used to find this humerous in some way. It's kinda funny but also kinda disgusting... As I thought about it though I realized I saved this when i was on vacation visiting family. On that trip I got blackout drunk and punched a family member for basically no reason. ..So now I feel awful and stupid and embarassed all over again. It hurts even though I fixed things with her. I still feel terrible...Then came the reason for my post. I accepted that feeling and looked at the date. 2 years ago! So far in the past. You do not live there anymore Brokenmirror333!..That moment does not define you. That moment only shows you how much love and support you receive from those around you. That moment shows you how far you've come and how far you can still go...I am sharing this because I have a very difficult time forgiving myself for the past and this morning it just happened so easily. It was awesome. So hopefully me sharing this might help someone at some point struggling with these issues. ..Thanks for reading and I will not drink today!!!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;You do not live there anymore Brokenmirror333!..Amen to this! What a great perspective you have in this post and a great reminder for us to be kind to oursleves. 
Great post!
Yesterday I saw a pic I posted two years ago to make fun of myself for only making it .97 miles on my first attempt at going for a run (at like a 9:15 pace)...In May 2016 I ran 148 miles at a 7:16 pace. Sobriety is awesome. ..But yeah I always see pics and posts I made while drinking that make me cringe. Luckily I managed to survive with the majority of my friendships/relationships with people intact.
