-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4m94z3/ive_been_sober_for_about_4_years_but_2_months_ago/

And I don't feel like I need to go out and drink more it was just a beer with some food and then a day later another beer with some more food...How do you guys feel about something like this? I don't feel like drinking is a problem for me if I can control it like that but I'd love to hear some opinions. I mean I'm sure someone else has relapsed after they thought they were fine..
----------immediate responses--------

So you drank two times and have been sober for two months ever since?
I've only been here since December 27th so my sample size is pretty small. During that time I have seen around 1-2 posts per day (around 250 total posts give or take a few) where someone was not able to moderate and came back here and reset to Day 1. Just go through the first 100 or so posts on here and you will see the word moderation used 4 or 5 times. These are not people who successfully moderated their drinking but instead got caught on the slippery slope of alcohol and went right back to their old ways. ..Also during that time I have seen exactly zero posts of people who have successfully gone back to moderating after making the decision at some point to stop drinking. I'm still waiting to see the first one. ..Given the success rate of those who are able to moderate I know what I would do if I was in your situation. But I guess I have to ask after 4 years of sobriety why would you even want to start drinking again? I wish I had 4 years under my belt. 
I reset a few days ago. I think the danger for me is thinking that I have control when I can lose it so quickly. The idea of moderation is appealing and seductive. But I already had to talk myself out of drinking yesterday when I had a rough day at work...There are so many stories here where the "one" drink turned into days weeks months and even years of drinking. I just don't think it's worth the risk for me...I guess my opinion is is that the two beers doesn't have to turn into a bigger problem but they could trick you into thinking that you can handle alcohol. At least that's how it is for me.
At 15 years sober I went to a bar and had two beers.  The next week I went back and had two beers.  Voila` I was a moderate drinker.  ..Seven years later I was in the deepest darkest pit of hell.  I would lose my professional license a multi-million dollar business and I was facing 5 years in prison.  I ended up actually going to prison for 5 months and spent another part of 2 years of probation on an ankle bracelet.  I hope it works out for you but there is nothing left out there for me.  I have no reservations I am an alcoholic.
I would love to be able to do that - and can see myself trying it sometime down the road.  I say good luck to you!  Yes some people have fully relapsed after thinking they were fine; but there are also people on here who are successfully moderating after a lengthy period of abstinence.
I'm curious why you've posed the question?  ..What do you hope to create?  Since you've made your choices accepted your outcomes what precipitated the urge to create a user name to ask this question two months later?..I can learn from your thought processes.
