-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4maa06/i_got_the_shakes_today_but_it_was_easily_cured/

6 years ago I put down the bottle life is good now. My wife struggled with me through my Journey...Well today at work I was very busy and basically forgot to eat. This was then followed by having to do some outside work before going to the store taking care of some shopping and once I got my car into the driveway my hands started to shake...Luckily for me my wife had dinner prepared for me my favorite lasagna. ..She saw my shaking hands as I put a bit of an extra helping on my plate with a concerned look I quickly ate a few bites looked up and saw her concern...I smiled and said "Gave it a minute its not what it was 6 years ago"..Ate my meal had a nice glass of milk and my shakes went away. The relief on her face was priceless. ..She knew it was just hunger and my stupidity for forgetting to eat lunch at work that resulted in me shaking. But I could see the concern in her eyes and the joy she felt when she released it was just cause i was an idiot and forgot to eat and what used to cause the shakes...FYI had a physical 3 weeks ago good health (well fairly all things considered I had a more then a few bad habits that I'm paying for) was just so hungry I was shaking a bit of food fixed my problem...My son is a user on this subreddit he too has gotten sober I just texted him my username so he knows it his dad...Good luck on your journey and let me know if you need anything.
----------immediate responses--------

Daaaaad you're embaraasing me!..congrats on six years!!! :)
Man I hate sugar crashes. Feel so absolutely weak. When I was a server I'd have that often because of course I didn't eat regularly and get a shift where you don't stop for 5-7 hours straight. Everyone hoping someone screws up an order to sit in the window and we descend like vultures.      .Like you say Ive had mini crashes for similar reasons. Usually hours of yardwork in TX summer and end up a shaking mess. Hope wife takes that for what it is and not withdrawals because I don't need her jumpier than she already is. 
I keep an emergency supply of granola bars etc in my car and purse for when I have forgotten to eat. They work pretty fast.
