-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mfcdq/coming_out_the_other_side_of_a_breakup_within_aa/

I've discovered some do's and don't's during this breakup experience...For starters if you haven't begun dating yet really assess the situation. Work through a sex ideal without him in mind pray or if you don't pray *try* for the willingness to be open and honest about what you need from a partner. DO NOT push aside your ideal in favor of emotions. These are the things that you cannot be happy without in your partner even if you're happy *today*...Do you have the same social circle? Do you go to the same meetings? That has to change. Of course you'll spend time together and you'll spend time together with your friends but it's imperative to develop a bond with other alcoholics or people in general as you get this thing going. Your mutual friends will be tempting to be your core and they can be but there has to be more to lean on. ..Keeping your program and recovery separate was something I failed to do. When your SO becomes your higher power and your only go-to when you struggle with anything recovery-related you'll be in dire straits for your first fight or even a break up. I am not saying this anticipating that you'll be screwed or you'll drink but you will feel more overwhelmed than is necessary when you need somewhere safe to go and the very person on your mind is in all the same meetings alongside you. ..If you're head over heels within a few days take three steps back. Again assess. What about this makes you feel this way? Is it attention connection sex or is it the person? If it's that last piece congrats and you'll be better than ever knowing you tapped the brakes to think. ..Affection and attention gives this alcoholic a sober high and it's unsafe for me to seek out and cling to when found. It is so much simpler to walk away when I've quickly recognized an unhealthy bond based in fear and selfish wants than it is to cling to it for months or years and have it peeled from me. The pain is rarely matched and it almost took me back out if I'm being honest...For the actual break up experience...It will be tempting to work through the breakup with your now-former SO to try to be friends for the "sake of your program" and in my experience this has been a result of me still wanting something from them. I still want that bond and to know what they're doing whether I ended it or vice versa. Take a step back and try not to inject yourself into this person's meeting routine for the sake of "being friendly" or to maintain normalcy. This isn't a normal time and it won't last forever but for a few weeks at least separate. Hit some new meetings and check your motives at all turns...It will also be tempting to check in with friends on how he is an indirect method of communication. Many will inadvertently become a telephone through which to speak to your former SO and sometimes what you may have to say is a form of character assassination. Avoid this at all costs speak only to trusted outlets who will not fill you in on the details of your SO's life social media postings what have you. These friends who you use as such an outlet will come to resent the same manipulative topic. This is standard break up advice but especially imperative when it is necessary to place principles before personalities...Loneliness does not mean that you made the wrong decision in separating your recovery and your life for today. Cling to the tools of your recovery in this time. It's the only thing separating you from a drink and dwelling on your lost bond will only make matters worse. Vent where you need to cry when you need to but making a conscious effort to put your recovery first will distract and heal from these difficult days and weeks. ..Help another alcoholic (cliche but *true*). I ended up finding my first sponsee the week after I ended my relationship and I realize that this was placed into my life to ensure that I wasn't becoming the center of my universe. Self pity is a defect of character and I would fall victim to it time and time again early on. I meditate daily to maintain the willingness to focus on others before myself...Today I recognize how my experience with in-program love and lost love can benefit others someday and the fact that I have made it through is an accomplishment and an asset. I look up most days and realize hey I'm ok. I can't believe it.
----------immediate responses--------

This is great advice!  Thank you for this wisdom.  And remember [Love is the Drug!](https://youtu.be/0n3OepDn5GU)
Thank you for the advice.  Great post that I will keep in mind in the future. 
Fantastic post! Thank you for sharing your experience strength and hope with others here. This passes on your experience to benefit others in a major way! I'm glad you're okay. :)
Remember that the sex ideal is our ideal for who we want to BE...not who we want to GET. .."We ask God to help us form our ideal AND TO HELP US LIVE UP TO IT"..loneliness is the side effect of self-absorption of obsessing about how you feel it has nothing to do with being alone. ..That's why the solution is "the constant thought of others and how we might best meet their needs"..THEIR needs not OURS. ..Good luck!
I know that some will disagree with me but I truly believe that it is best to completely avoid romantic entanglements with fellow recovery group members. I say this even though I do know some people who are happily married to people they met in recovery support groups. In my experience those people are the exceptions...Most of the time sadly such relationships don't work out and when they don't it is a miserable experience for all concerned. 
