-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mfehn/how_to_gain_the_strength_to_tell_friends/

Hi everyone. I haven't had a drink in a while now and I don't feel tempted to drink in situations where alcohol is involved most of the time but I am struggling with facing the prospect of telling certain friends:  .-Longtime friends who I don't see often and who likely have undealt with drinking problems of their own. I don't want them to feel judged if I were to say "I'm not drinking tonight because I'm an alcoholic." My only relapse was while visiting these guys I think because I was too scared to have a conversation about it and talking about feelings.  .-Friends who I used to drink with a lot who invite me over for making and tasting cocktails and stuff like that. I don't want them to feel awkward if I straight out say "No I'm an alcoholic I'll be happy to do something else with you though." That seems like a blunt way to put it and I'm not super close to those friends so I don't know how they would react if I said something like that.  .I've had no problem in the past saying "I'm not drinking tonight" and having a good time with friends who were drinking but I don't want to use the "I'm not drinking right now" excuse with longtime friends who might say "Are you done not drinking yet?" And offer me a drink. Excuses only work for so long and "I'm not drinking right now" feels like a lie and I'm sick of lying.  .Any advice words of wisdom or experiences to share? I think if I can gain the freedom to say "I am not drinking because I am in recovery" my recovery will be easier. I am afraid to talk about personal issues and am afraid to make people uncomfortable. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have no shame in saying I don't drink any more. Some friends say.. not even beer. I just let them know I am better off with out. We still hang out and they just forget about it. Everyone knows someone with a problem. I've never show it to some. I just opt for a soda or coffee and still hang out. If they push it just move on. I won't drink with you today!
Why does telling people you are sober and not drinking require strength?  This implies that sobriety is something to be ashamed of and in my opinion sobriety is something you should be proud of...Good luck!
One of the first things I learned when I quit is that nobody gives a shit what anyone else is drinking unless they have issues with alcohol themselves. ..What has been working for me with longtime friends and acquaintances:..(me) No booze for me tonight thanks...(them) WTF you aren't drinking? &lt;with astonishment and rightfully so&gt;..(me) No I'm trying this not drinking thing out for a while and I'm really surprised how much better I've been feeling so I'm gonna keep this up for the foreseeable future. ..(them) Wow. Cool!..So far nobody has pressed the issue further. .
My sarcastic character defect brought something like the following to my mind "You don't even want to witness the mahem chaos violence and destruction that will immediately ensue if I take even one sip of alcohol!"  If it doesn't end the discussion it at least creates an uncomfortable pause...My sponsor took great pains to help me understand that "No." is a complete sentence.  "No thank you." is a more polite version.  My experience proved it to be much less of an issue than I projected it might be.  Only once in 12 years did I ever feel pressured to drink and that was by a friend who clearly has a problem with alcohol.  I think I ended up just walking away and he certainly doesn't remember.  About 45% of the world's population will *never* drink alcohol. http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4j6miz/_/d34yevb..Edit 1:  Added link to source about global drinking statistic and corrected number.
You pretty much never have to come right out and say that you are "an alcoholic" unless you want to. I've found that in most situations it's either awkward or entirely TMI...There are about a million ways to handle it. If it's a close friend you can say you decided to quit for your health and have no plans to resume. If it's a casual acquaintance you can say whatever you want--but usually "I'll have a Coke thanks" does the trick. I often just say that it's a migraine trigger (which it is) so I avoid it...Bottom line: "can I get you a drink" does not have to turn into a confessional! Not only isn't it expected it isn't necessary.
