-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mgdgj/exciting_work_news_to_share_and_other_joys_of/

A little backstory - I'm a 29 year old female who probably wouldn't have made it to 30 if I hadn't quit drinking when I did. My dad died of alcoholism when I was 20. I had plenty of issues stemming from all that huge ones being irresponsibility dishonesty and complete lack of self esteem. I managed to drink fairly normally until I was around 25 and then it spiraled out of control (very quickly and dramatically at the end). I managed to get by after I graduated from college and had some decent jobs and the illusion of holding it together but I never felt remotely successful or good at anything and I was afraid to even really try for fear of not being good enough.....Drinking took me to places I never thought I'd go. It shattered even the illusion of being ok of having it together. In the last year or so of it I went to the ER multiple times with DTs or alcohol poisoning. I went to inpatient treatment and detox wound up homeless in a brand new city for a few months got a DUI and spent two days in jail... ....This morning at work (I absolutely love my job - God blessed me with a job as a legal assistant at a little law firm with amazing people where I love what I do and work my ass off to do the best I can at everything) I was chatting with my boss about upcoming changes in the office - we have some people going and some new people coming in. He said 'I want to make sure we are making efficient use of your time because you have so many talents and abilities' and proceeded to begin training me in legal brief writing which is something I'm really excited about learning! And I paused and was vaguely amazed to realize that I *HAVE* talents and abilities! What a cool discovery to make through sobriety.....I also realized this morning that exactly a year ago today I was waking up in County jail after my DUI. At my morning meeting a girl came who I had met that day in jail and she now has almost a year sober too! I keep thinking that can't be just a coincidence that she happened to come to my meeting on this exact specific day.....In conclusion: I've heard someone at the meeting share 'I have problems now where I didn't used to have areas.' My dilemma right now is how to balance my passions of work social life rock climbing horseback riding running and gym time. There are so many possibilities to be explored! And a year ago today I was in jail withdrawing miserable and desperate. I had a short relapse a few weeks after that but I've been sober ever since and I never thought THAT would happen let alone dreamed of what my life has become. :D.  Just wanted to share some Friday joy!
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome. Good for you. Enjoy all your pursuits and keep coming back. 
Congrats sounds like quite a year! Glad you found your way!
Recovery looks good on you!
This is terrific news. I'm glad to vicariously share - thanks..&gt; I have problems now where I didn't used to have areas..I hadn't heard that before.  It's an interesting thought.
