-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mmj13/i_guess_it_is_finally_time_to_stop/

Hey guys. ..I turn 22 soon and I have been drinking a shit ton of beer every single day. Honestly from 18 until now I enjoyed the occasional beer once or twice a week. I would always think to myself "damn I will probably be an alcoholic when I turn 21 I just love beer way too much." It doesn't help that I live in Cali. The best craft breweries in the world are just a short drive away...I thought it wasn't about the alcohol. I hate drinking anything that isn't beer. But lately every night I've been driving to the store and buying two 22oz craft beers (9 or higher percent ABV) and drinking them. It needs to stop. I don't have much self control so I think the only thing I can do it just stop completely... It will be hard since I am moving back in with my parents after college in a month or so and starting my life as a software dev. My parents drinking a glass of wine or some beer every night. I need to resist...Overall I feel that drinking beer has ruined my life. I've struggled with obesity my whole life and while I am very active in that I play a lot of sports and exercise regularly the beer is just too many calories. I wish I never got addicted...I'm going to try and cut all alcohol starting tomorrow. Let's see how it goes. I have extremely severe anxiety obesity issues and I am very socially awkward. Maybe stopping drinking will help me get rid of a few of these things.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here!  It's a great support community. ..Life can turn around for the better quickly one day at a time. Our friend u/CoolCrosby put together a great starter pack at this link [Baby Steps to Stop](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) that many have used...Just for today I don't Drink with You.
I had no idea just how much drinking jacked up my anxiety. I got anxious driving across bridges. It was really cramping my life and I couldn't put the 2 things together. Try it for 30 days and see how you do. I won't drink with you today.
good luck! you deserve this 
22s of craft beer was my go to as well. I live in Oregon so our beer is even better than yours ;-) ....The night time ritual of grabbing a 22 of Lagunitas Imperial Stout and a Stone Runation Double IPA (hmm...strange those are both from California) slowly seeped into a daily ritual of figuring out where I could fit it a 22 (now more likely a Pyramid Outburst Imperial IPA because it was 8.5% and half the price....my snobby beer habit was getting costly) during the morning because I found that darn near everything goes better with a beer buzz including work (I have worked from home for a long time in the tech industry so LOTS of great opportunities to drink) . My clever alcoholic brain was awesome at figuring out how to do that and not smell look act buzzed when I needed to go visit customers or meet with my kids or wife (soon to be ex thanks to my addictions). In the last year or so the urges and frequently of drinking have really ratcheted up.  I found myself constantly looking for opportunities to drink. Eventually (again...sigh) I realized it was no longer fun and really a problem.....and now really tough to get a handle on. What I have found is that for me the urges became more intense and the quantity and frequency of my drinking increased when I hit 40. (Now 46). While I've battled addiction from an early age all aspects seem to get worse as you age. Oh and when I'm not drinking (and eating the crap food that my drunk brain enjoys) and exercising (even just counting steps on the Fitbit) I shed weight like crazy. I'm only on day 5 so I don't have a lot of experience with sobriety but I do know a lot about drinking and quitting. I hope you find what you're looking for and today I will not drink with you.  
Welcome! Glad to hear your plan please keep posting about your progress. I was totally amazed at my healthy weight loss lessened anxiety and overall great health (no more high BP cholesterol and thyroid now perfect). I'm hopeful that you'll realize similar outcomes :)
