-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4mod0p/im_not_struggling_with_staying_sober_so_much_as_i/

It's the start of week 7 for me and I know I'm on the right path. I look better I sleep better and most of the time I feel better. I've taken care of a lot of things I had been putting off and I'm getting out in the world more than I have in many years...I am struggling with myself some though. Surprise surprise all the things I don't like about myself (and other people) are still there even after years of trying to wash them away with alcohol. Here's my short list:..I "freeze up" especially when i am confronted with a lot of tasks that I fear I won't know how to manage. When I get overwhelmed I just can't make myself move forward; I space out eat sleep or distract myself with stupidity. I'm sure it's anxiety and fear of failure but it's virtually impossible for me to push past. In the past I would have said "to hell with it" and starting chugging. Now I'm stuck sitting in it and I've wasted the past decade I could have used developing coping techniques on alcohol. For example I just got up after laying around for 24 hours and eating an entire tub of pudding and decided to write this post...I'm also incredibly easily irritated. I'm not sure if this is because I am frustrated with not being able to reach for a drink or if I was always this way and just didn't act on it because I got drunk before it expressed itself. Probably a little of both. My poor family is now getting railed on for shit that although undeniably stupid and irritating they have been getting away with carte blanche for a decade while I was in a stupor. I feel bad for them and for me; noone likes to spend time with grouchy people...I know this recovery will be like a spiral with improvements coming slowly then disappearing again for a while; seeing improvement will be a journey...I know I have been sick for many years and it will take many years to heal. ..I know that while quitting drinking is an answer to SOME of my problems it is not an answer to ALL of my problems and I have more work to do now that the bottle is no longer in my hand...I know I need to figure out a way to get access to more help: AA counseling or all of the above...I won't drink today. I may doze off eat chips and do some grumbling but I won't drink. ..Thanks SD for lending me your ears for this check-in..
----------immediate responses--------

This for 9 years. AA helped for me. Did I go from being a substance addict to an anger addict like my father? Sometimes. I really tapped into some repressed anger as well. I just had to view the situation in 3rd person and be real with my self about the magnitude of my assholery. Probably couldn't hurt to try all of the above in various measures?
I got a lot happier and less angry when I started working on myself through mindfulness support groups group therapy and exercise...Hang in there 
Yep I'm either irritable stressed out or emotionally 'flat' at the moment. Not great.
For me running and working out has worked wonders for my mood. Channeling my anger and inner rage into kicking my own ass on the treadmill and weights always usually leaves me feeling better afterwards and even if it doesn't at least I get the escape from my thoughts and regrets for the hour that I'm in the gym. If you haven't been working out give it a try even if you just start with taking a 15 minute stroll around the block.
I understand exactly where you're coming from having been through there myself. You really are at a point where just staying sober is enough and every day is a win. I've come to see for me there are symptoms of alcoholism other than drinking. Maybe you're starting to see those in yourself or maybe you have other issues going on. With the drinking out of the picture I began implementing other methods of coping; meditation eating better sharing my struggles with other that have been through it. they all helped. I'm trying to get into exercise but it's not easy for me (as I sit here on Reddit) You are on the right track. Hang in there and keep going. It takes time.
Yep. I seem to be getting mad at the dumbest things...why didn't somebody else do this or that? I agree that in a stupor they got away with it. The house turns into chaos when I am not "available" with dishes piled up etc. Our kids that still live at home are almost 25 and I get resentful picking up after them and cleaning the kitchen after they've made themselves something to eat. Sigh.
I feel you. I used to find relief through drinking and when I took it away I reached a lot of places for the same relief. I used to lash out a lot more but now I am doing a lot better. I do prayer and meditation on my bus ride before work and it has helped me keep my cool. I do a lot of shopping and get obsessed with hobbies very easily these days though. I'm working on this as it isn't sustainable. I also watch a lot of TV. I can see it for what it is though an escape. So I have to ask myself a conscious question: am I indulging in escapist behavior and how long will I allow this to go on for? Can I change the channel and call someone? Do a meditation for 15 minutes? Maybe hit a meeting? Write down my feelings? These things help me untangle the crazy. Without them I am angry to no end and I am insatiable. 
I am just now starting to improve my laziness and bad eating.  Do what it takes to not pick up.  Counseling has helped me bunches and exercise.  And I hear ya on being a stupor for years.  My kids ran all over me.  Now they irritate the shit out of me and I am struggling on getting respect.  Good Luck.  Sounds like you know what you need to do!!
Getting sober has really highlighted my anger because I drank to squelch it.  It is the biggest thing I'm working on; trying to be kinder to my spouse not being reactive at work etc.  Apparently the latter is not working (my anger is exacerbated by severe insomnia which did not improve with getting sober) and is putting my employment at risk.  I always thought it would be alcohol that might cost me my job but perhaps not...
This is a great post! AA has helped me work through this stuff a ton so far but like you mentioned I can definitely still be a cranky asshole in sobriety and improvement IS a journey - but it's such an incredibly rewarding one. Be patient with yourself and keep at it!
