-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4myi18/steering_around_icebergs_1_2_3_sorry_long_venting/

I was so overwhelmingly happy to wake up sober this morning the first in a frighteningly long time. So nice to not feel so hungover though the veil of alcohol is evident in my body and mind. A scorching morning of work. . .and later my brother in law shows up with a thank you bag for some work I did for him. Some nice cold ciders and a six pack. A very rare sweet gesture from him. Thankfully I was on my way out the door and could most easily sidestep having one with him. I gave my SO the six pack under the auspices that it was his brand of choice ( I haven't told him yet that I am on this journey) and put the cider in the fridge. And left. But now the damn things are in there. All through a busy hot stressful afternoon and evening I thought about those $%^^% cans of cider. When I got back home I so nearly reached for one that  I almost started screaming. Instead I made myself eat a little and have yet more water.  Had a relatively calm moment with my family. . and then excused myself to bed very early said I felt unwell.  Took a melatonin. Now up drenched with night sweats at 3am reading SD stories of detox wondering what tomorrow's withdrawal symptoms may bring. Wondering what to do with the cider I have to get it out of here. Feeling agitated and frightened. How quickly the voice begins to whisper even feeling a tiny bit better leads to 'oh good I can have a drink'. Liar. No I cannot have 'a' drink. That is the problem. I sense that I will be short tempered tomorrow. The voice says keep the cider just don't drink it. yeah right. The days are long the nights are longer. But I am here reading and looking at my badge over and over and over. I struggled hard for my 1 then a 2. I am going to make it a 3. It feels a long way away though. . . 
----------immediate responses--------

Is there any reason you haven't told your SO yet? I don't think I could have managed without mine knowing (and therefore avoiding triggers for me).
Congrats!..I still throw away alcohol I find (hid bottles everywhere) away from my house. I don't want to pour out and risk smell and don't want in my own garbage where I might think about going after them 
Get rid of the cider. Just think how great it will be to see a 3 next to your circle tomorrow!
Going to bed early was a great idea! I went through the night sweats too but no worries this too shall pass. I'd get rid of the cider or any alcohol for that matter as quickly as I could. Be proud of those 2 days you earned it and now you'll be celebrating 3 days!! It does get easier :)
I poured away about 30 bottles of booze and gave away about 50 bottles that were remaining of my wine collection - some were close to 15 years old but I knew I could not keep any alcohol in the house. My SO gladly helped me do this. Good luck and keep going - you will never regret it.
Well done for not reachin for a bottle wen u came homedats someting you sud be proud ofnd dont forgot why u decided to stop in the first place
Definite congratulations for 2 days (like me). It's tough...I have to echo StickyElephant in that you should consider telling your SO. Alcohol abuse is so so often coupled with deceit -- of self and of others -- that a recovery lacking in radical honesty seems problematic.
Maybe tell your SO your taking a break. Get rid of the cider and remember that you are a strong awesome person.
