-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4n2h1o/hello_introducing_myself/

Hi! I've lurked here for a short while and just this past weekend decided it was time for me to stop poisoning my body. I have a good job and a great husband and son. They deserve better than mom having to take a nap most evenings after 3 or 4 shots. *I* deserve better...I'm battling a (hopefully) irrational fear/obsession that I am developing or have developed cirrhosis. I can't stop worrying about it. I have been drinking a regular bottle of alcohol about once a week for a few years now and I'm nearing 50. Two years ago all my blood work was fine I just need to get up the courage to get everything checked again...I did quit smoking last month which was very easy with Allen Carr's book. I know this will be hard though. But I feel so much better already!..I've appreciated reading your many tips/advice/struggles it is so very helpful. I know many of you have said that cooking helps you relax provides you with something to do instead of drinking. My problem is that it's my favorite hobby - but also was my favorite time to drink. :( In fact we went out tonight for that very reason. I know getting back in the kitchen will be hard..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!
Hey me too. I have grilled 3 times without drinking beer and thinking about how good of a cook I am lol. Your hobby will come back not drinking has made my cooking better!
Sounds like you have a lot of great things in your life!..Maybe try drinking something a bit different (fancy even) and non alcoholic while you cook!  I like soda water with a light splash of juice or even just lime.  I've found it's more about the having something to sip than the actual alcohol.
[deleted]
For me certain events were inexorably linked with drinking (flights certain vacation events cooking / grilling etc).  It was important for me to not only break the habit by not doing those things anymore but to "re-learn" how to do them sober. 
