-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4n33fo/day_1/

So I think I'm done drinking. I've quit so many times before the longest probably 2 months at the end of last year but now it's getting out of control. Alcohol has destroyed so much in my life and I'm terrified that I've done serious damage to my body that it's too late. And I'm too scared to go to a doctor and find out. I found this sub yesterday and spent hours reading posts amazed at all the wonderful supportive people here feeling so inspired and motivated to change. But then I went to the bottle-o and bought 2 bottles of wine and drank them all happy with my decision to stop drinking but thinking I'll start tomorrow. That's so fucking stupid I can't stand it. ..Today has been one of the worst days of my life. I'm not hungover (which is terrifying the fact I can drink 2 bottles of wine and not be hungover) but I woke up shaking and I just feel brain damaged. I can't focus on anything I used to be a good writer but now I'm struggling to write this. I'm mainly writing this to be accountable so I can't put this off until tomorrow. ..Sorry this post is such a mess thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey that wasn't a mess at all - welcome! You're among good company. I don't imagine there are many here who haven't had 100 "I'll quit tomorrow"'s..Grab a badge it's a fun way to keep track of your progress and stop by the IRC (on the sidebar) to chat if you want some realtime discussion - about not-drinking or just to shoot the shit to keep busy. Things can always get better if you're willing to make a change.
Welcome!  Glad you're here.  You are not alone and there is hope.  If you want to stop drinking help is all around you right now.  You might consider seeing your MD opening up to him and dispelling your concerns about damage.  He/she can be a great resource.  Best wishes for recovery.
It's day 3 for me. I just made this account so I could post anonymously. Damn though dude I can really relate to your "I used to be a good writer but now I'm struggling to write this." I feel like I've done some serious damage to my health and even if I'm young and can recover (primarily my liver) I feel like I've screwed my brain over more than anything else. I used to pride myself on being smart and articulate that's no longer the case...I do know the human has an amazing capacity for healing itself so as scary as it is you should still probably go see your MD. Get a week of sobriety and go get the liver blood work done at the very least. If it comes back bad know that you're taking all the right steps to change it and if it comes back good (or at least better than expected) well then hell yeah!..Also it's 'day one' for you again. If you've ever dealt with the paranoia and anxiety that comes with dealing with withdrawals you'll know how most of your concerns right now are probably blown way out of proportion or at least that's usually how it goes for me. You've got this man.
