-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4n3gd8/its_official_have_to_put_one_of_my_cats_of_12/

but somehow I'm telling myself to hang in there and hold out at least until tomorrow.  I'm not sure how bad it's going to be for me I've had time to prepare for this but I can see myself emotionally breaking down anyways.  Not sure why I'm writing or posting this I guess I'm trying to remember to put my sobriety ahead of everything.  Saying/typing it out loud helps me feel confident in my decision to let the emotions come and go and not numb out by relapsing.  Thank you to those that are taking the time to read this.  On the bright side I do have over 500 days under my belt now and I have been putting my extra money towards building a personal computer which is very close to completion.  Still involved with the recovery community in my area so that helps me process some stuff.  I also still have another cat around to keep me company but I know the next few days and weeks are going to be emotionally challenging regardless.  Any words of wisdom from those that found themselves in similar situations while in recovery would be very much appreciated.  Much love hope everyone else is having a good day.
----------immediate responses--------

I drank when I had to put my dog to sleep and emotions multiplied... first I was sad then irritated enough to kick my other pet and then full of remorse.. I even took a few days off from work to grieve but actually to drink ... end result wasted time not spent in essence with my pet..eventually I had to come back into reality ... perhaps serenity prayer can help... 'accept the things I can't change'
[deleted]
I'm really really sorry this is happening to you. Those furry bastards claw their way into our hearts curl up and refuse to budge. We lost ours last week (she had exploratory surgery to look for cancer etc and my parents were facing the big decision if the results were bad but she passed during the night after the surgery). I moved out a few years back so it didn't hit as hard but still....I could go on about how you gave them a good life and that you're doing the right thing and you are I'm sure. I'll just say I'm really sorry and that while drinking might seem to help with the immediate pain all it does is defer it and make it worse. Grief fucking sucks but it only gets worse when you numb it with alcohol instead of letting it hurt for a while and pass naturally in my experience. Tomorrow whether you're feeling angry sad numb whatever call and talk to people or go to a meeting or come here take care of yourself. Hugs. Xx
