-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nc0wa/update_again_i_will_be_unemployed_as_of_july_1/

I feel surprising equanimity in this moment.  I'm sure I will take dives down into my fears and anxiety but not right now.  After wanting to drink all of last weekend (which I did not) I have absolutely no interest in doing so.  In fact I am extremely clear that I need to be extremely clear right now.  My biggest challenge is that I have the "opportunity" to create the "message" that the organization will use regarding my departure.  I am struggling with this because I can come up with no plausible story as to why I would spontaneously leave.  I love my job.  I thought I was doing a good job until I got called in on Monday. There are *huge* multi-million dollar projects currently and on the immediate horizon that I have been integrally involved with or clearly was going to be.  So none of this is going to make sense to anyone and I'm concerned that with lack of a good explanation the story will be that I somehow did something illegal or unethical and got canned which is clearly not true.  So I'm open to ideas of how to "spin" it -- remember I suck at lying or even stretching the truth but I can't blame the organization either. Not exactly an SD question perhaps but you guys are my peeps right now and I don't know where else to turn.  (I will be talking with my therapist later today.) Thanks for being with me through this process..
----------immediate responses--------

You didn't mention the actual reason they are letting you go. I assume it's related to alcoholism? Are you being dismissed because of drinking on the job performance issues related to drinking or did they just feel that employing an alcoholic was a liability? Also without any details about your industry/position/etc it is difficult to offer suggestions about how to handle your exit.
Yes I am confused. Is it related to your alcohol abuse?
Sorry to hear that. I have been following your posts and wonder how the Monday meeting went. 
He got fired because the people he worked with thought he was a bully and thus unfit for his position...As far as the story goes I would just tell them that it's time for you to try something new. This has the benefit of being true. You don't need to elaborate people switch jobs. It happens. Just make sure you say nothing negative about the last place...More importantly I would think carefully about your attitude. If multiple people thought you were a bully you probably were. In your previous post you described your personality which came off to me a harsh and cruel in a way I doubt you intend. It might behoove you to take a look at "How to win friends and influence people". Soft skills count as much as hard skills in my opinion. Sometimes we a have to act in a way that is contrary to how we feel. Sobriety has really helped me with that...Just my two cents. I hope you land on your feet ASAP! Good luck!
Ah man I'm so sorry for this. So theyre optin g for non renewal of contract? That sucks. I've been laid off fired once and quit many jobs for better...always hate leaving and explaining self and the "why?" "What happened?" I feel that (awkward) pain.     ..You really don't owe anyone any explanation. Be truthful about the friction or say you got something better. If everyone knows youre "dead man walking" they'll prob all be a lot nicer. So nows time to get or update that Linked In profile maybe get some phone numbers of close coworkers post the resume and go to town on job shopping. Gather references now and endorsements on LI.      ..If you're really worried about perception of your leaving I'd stick with mgmt friction. Differences in style. You don't fit the culture etc. Since youre finishing out the term that makes more sense than an illegal act which woulda had you escorted from building.
Well if it's any consolation you are not alone in the job loss space.  I will be making 14 people redundant in the next month including myself...  I am going with the as one door closes a new one opens. .. As to what you can say to your colleaguesas close to the truth as possible ie we are a passionate team committed to getting the best outcome on any project we work on. The downside of passion is that it can lead to conflict within the team and sometimes my passion and commitment to my ideas can be misinterpreted as bullying and in some cases even feel like bullying.  I leave you all with best wishes for the projects and the teams and encourage you all to remain the passionate committed professionals you are. I will miss you all. I apologise if my words and behaviours felt like bullying from your perspective that was never my intent.  
I just saw this and am sorry to hear you lost your job. Question...do you work mostly with women? No offense intended by that question but in my experience many times what happened to you happens because some women expect niceness. And can be intimidated by someone in power. I agree with what the others have said. Leave with your head held high and don't worry about what others say. I'm a believer in its none of my business what others think of me. It would drive nome crazier than I already am if I worried about more than myself and my family. If I know I did the right thing that's all that matters.   
