-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ne9dp/resolve/

I was discussing with a friend of mine who is in recovery about awareness specifically of having an awareness of thoughts and not identifying with or as those thoughts but seeing them just as they are - whatever that may be. ..It struck me that as an addict in recovery we get an opportunity to build an awareness in regard to our thoughts possibly more than someone for whom addiction is not a primary concern. ..We've all been there i'm sure a situation arises or is on the horizon and a speculative ideation forms (I could do xyz there). For me personally each day I am sober I am able to view these concepts with more distance more objectively and this I believe builds resolve...In my personal case relapses have always occurred due to carelessness but also a delusion - whereby I have associated as or with these thoughts and emotions. Every person is different of course as is everyone dealing with addiction or an addiction so this is clearly not true for every person but I wonder if rings true for any of you?..This week has been the most trying week of my sobriety and I finding it a most challenging experience but one filled with decisions I am proud of. I wanted to share my experience this evening. If you took the time to read through thank you. We are strong.
----------immediate responses--------

I appreciated reading this. Through sobriety I am learning so much about my thoughts emotions and behaviors. I'm so much more in touch with myself sometimes too much! And you're right this is a great opportunity. Thanks for reminding me to look at recovery this way
Thank you I need to read this tonight. 
So do you mean that atm I am feeling anxious - which can be a slippery slope leading to drinking.  So how could that be viewed differently or objectively?  ..Okay now that I've thought about it I am anxious because I think I should be getting some things done;  instead I've been doing very little and just getting anxious.
