-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ng5qa/pray_for_a_slow_recovery/

I used to have objections to working the steps and AA. I'm starting the process or at least trying. I keep showing up. Step 1 is easy. I'm definitely an alcoholic I'm definitely not able to stop drinking when I start and no matter how hard I try my life is unmanageable because I can't stop drinking even though I know it's horrible for my health and relationships. None of the other steps look as easy as that one...Some meetings I feel really out of place when people talk about their past. I hear people talking about divorce rehab DUI's fights and losing jobs. I never had any of those things happen. Then I hear about blackouts suicide threats drinking to avoid stress and depression broken promises leading a double-life and self hatred. I relate to these stories. My alcoholism is dark reclusive inward cynical and duplicitous. My alcoholism was pitiful not violent. I'm learning that I am not alone. There is always something I relate to at meetings even if I have literally nothing else in common with a fellow alcoholic. I see the program works but holy hell do I have a long way to go...I hear people saying "Pray for a slow recovery." What does that even *mean*. Why would you want recovery to be slow? So you can take your time getting better and learning to be a new person? Is it bad if you make a miraculous recovery in the course of a short few weeks? Even though I don't understand this I hope it is true. I'm having a slow recovery. After 3 weeks I really don't feel any better. I've been digging deep meditating taking time off from work and going to many different meetings and I'm as miserable as ever. I'm scared of the steps but being honest about trying. However it's got a long way to go. Nothing brings me lasting enjoyment right now. I can feel better for a few hours but feeling spiritually gracious--nope. ..I'm as atheist as they come but I totally understand what they mean by spiritual malady in the existential sense: that we are mentally ill deep down and only an externality can help us recover...I think I was able to quit drinking for 18 months on my own last year because I used a lot of tools that AA teaches by reading r/stopdrinking. However without doing the steps and building a personal support system with a sponsor and local friends I can see why I was doomed to failure. If I had done a fearless moral inventory I'd see that I was running from my addiction not facing it. I ran from it by avoiding social events with alcohol hiking in the woods playing videogames and inflating my happiness by posting regularly on r/stopdrinking. I was happy back then sure. I was sober and healthy. But was I truly gracious and content with my life? I don't think so. Was I willing to do anything when the temptation to drink became an intense desire? Not really...If I was content and gracious then missing out on my dream job wouldn't have caused me to relapse; a brutal 2-week working-till-2AM-project wouldn't have caused me to relapse; a conference in another state wouldn't have caused me to drink. And so on...Keep showing up I guess.
----------immediate responses--------

for me putting down the drink was the easy part.  changing my attitudes beliefs behaviour and character is the more difficult but absolutely necessary part of recovery.  i've accepted and embraced the slowness of the process.  20 years into the forest 20 years out. 
Great post I can relate to 'dark reclusive inward cynical and duplicitous.' I'm looking forward to seeing how things progress with you. For me right now I'm just grateful for not drinking. I haven't yet begun the hard work of reshaping my view of the world and how I fit into it sober so good job. I've saved this post to read again over the next few days. It got under my skin- I need to get busy.
Glad you're here. Thanks for this post.
I see great hope in this post. :-)
I did not turn into an alcoholic after my first drink and I did not recover after the first day.I would suggest you try different meetings if you are not comfortable with your current meetings. I know of plenty of angry non-spiritual alcoholics with have long term sobriety. AA can only take some people so far and maybe you need professional help.
