-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nps9z/1_week/

If I really stopped when I wanted too it would be 90 days- but I've let myself be isolated or just couldn't deal- and have relapsed 3x. I feel better this time...I hope. Daily meetings working 90/90 but there's a good community here and I can see continuing being active afterwards. ..After 20 years of daily drinking I can't expect it to be fixed over night so I wont beat myself up over relapsing. I'll just try to not do it again!..I will not drink today hope you'll join me! 
----------immediate responses--------

I'll join you today in rainy England. Well done on the week. 
I will join you
Yea!  keep on keep on doing
If I really stopped when I should have I'd have...but I can't think about that. I am grateful that I have been able to stop when I did. It has gotten easier with the passage of time.(really)..Congratulations to you for your sober week and I definitely won't be drinking with you today. One day at a time is where it's at for me.
Welcome. Are you going to grab your badge! It's really useful in the motivation stakes for me. So congratulations on making the decision to stop drinking and lucky you for finding this sub.... I think it's agreat place to hang out of an evening way better than drinking. There is lots of advice provided and if you have been lurking you have probably seen the baby steps post. ..It never ceases to amaze me how many of us are fighting this fight and just how hard it can be to get on the right path and stay on it.... It is an insidious habit and incredibly hard to break my advice just keep on trying because I genuinely believe once you switch the switch in your head about the joys (or in real terms the pain) of drinking and see it for what it is the struggle gets a whole lot easier you just have to keep trying until the switch flicks and then it becomes a maintenance issue rather than a brand new construction problem....if that makes sense! The switch will flick it did for me and I never thought it would or could..Along the way you pick up tools and tips that makes each try more successful than the last until one day the switch moves to off and you "get" sober. By get I mean you understand what sober is what it looks like and what you personally need to do to stay there..One thing that worked for me was distraction and utter relaxation..or better known as bed tv movies and hot.milo..welcome and best wishes for your journey to sobriety.
I'll join you.
Congratulations! I'm celebrating one week too. I enjoyed my non-hungover Saturday and Sunday. I'll not drink with you tonight!
