-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nseo7/first_smart_meeting_experience/

I read about SMART meetings so many times on SD I decided to attend my first one this morning.  I have no axe to grind here and my only intent is to share my experience to try to be helpful to someone else considering attending their first SMART meeting.  Full disclosure I have been sober for a little while now and have been active in AA throughout my recovery.  I have always enjoyed visiting new meetings and exploring new recovery ideas.....There are about 1/2 dozen SMART meetings per week in my city compared to >1000 AA meetings.  The SMART meeting I attended today was held in an upstairs office in a medical strip mall.  When I walked in the facilitator had never seen me before so he welcomed me warmly and asked if I would be willing to share what brought me to the meeting which I did.  I guessed this might be the pattern for newcomers.....A couple guys were already there so we shook hands and introduced ourselves using first names only.  Ten men and two women plus the facilitator joined the meeting.  We sat in a circle of chairs and the group largely looked the same as other meetings and the treatment center.....The meeting started with absolutely NO prayers readings introductions program explanation steps or reference to higher powers.  One of the regular members asked another person around the circle to provide a check-in   basically to share how things were going.  Then the check-in rotated around the circle until each person had a chance to speak.....The discussion naturally gravitated toward life and recovery challenges.  Crosstalk was encouraged so the group would chime in with questions and comments for the speaker.  The facilitator was also active in the discussion and seemed to try to steer towards the  tools  and self management solutions.  A couple recent relapses were discussed to identify learnings and possible preventive actions.  This may be an assumption or supposition but the group seemed more geared toward the newly clean and sober versus long-time sober.....Addictions discussed included alcohol drugs and behaviors.  Facilitator mentioned the SMART group support process involved CBT but did not explain or elaborate.  The participants came across as caring sincere and legit.  There was a small amount of AA bashing particularly regarding surrender and the God thing   but only by a couple participants based on their own experiences.  Some of the shares were particularly open heartfelt and poignant.....Although I do not pretend to have a good understanding after a single meeting it appears that SMART recovery is based on self management rather than any outside power.  After 90 minutes and everyone had a chance to share and comment the meeting ended without any formality.  There was not even a basket passed!....So bottom line; nothing bad happened I felt welcome my attitude was better after the meeting than before members seemed serious about recovery.  IRL group support was vital to my own recovery in many ways.  My experience makes me believe it can be helpful to many who want to stop drinking.  ....If SMART meetings are available and someone has trouble with the AA concept of a higher power of his own conception this may be a good alternative for IRL group support.  I plan to go back on Thursday but doubt I will change my established recovery pattern.....I hope this account was helpful as intended.  There are many recovery paths and my challenge is to find one that works for me and then get to work.  I am confident that I will not drink today.....TL;DNR:  First SMART meeting good experience will go back...
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the detailed view. I am planning to try a local S.M.A.R.T. Meeting in two weeks once I have completed my OP Program. as suggested by my therapist. in order to explore all options. I have no aversion to AA and have been to many meetings over the years usually leaving with a greater sense of peace and something new learned. Basically I'm trying everything now to see where I fit. Perhaps a little in various places. I don't think realistically I could 110% agree with a room full of people in any scenario. Just take away the parts that work and leave the rest behind. Thnx again. This was very helpful.
This is great information thank you for sharing all the details!  I went to SMART meetings as well as AA at first and found them to be pleasant experiences but not overly helpful to me personally. The city I live in has a huge heroin problem so many of the people were not alcoholics and I had a hard time relating. Also most of them were not yet sober and I had a few months at that time. I liked that they talked about cravings and how to cope with them...more practical than AA but again not super relevant to me at that point in my recovery.
I love SMART haven't been to a meeting yet though. This is great info thanks so much!  
I'm glad you had a good experience!..You are correct that SMART is based on self management rather than on belief in a higher power. The acronym stands for Self Management and Recovery Training. ..My own feeling is that people should give this program every bit as much of a try as AA. Neither is intrinsically superior to the other but the philosophies are very different. ..By the way one reason that SMART meetings are a bit less available than AA meetings is that SMART meeting facilitators are required to be trained so it's a bit harder to get them started. Also historically rehabs (which still tend to be 12 step based) have not informed people that they have options or in some cases have overtly told people that the only good recovery is AA recovery. 
I love the idea of SMART meetings - unfortunately there are none in my city in Australia.  One big thing I hate about AA meetings here is that in the intro a specific person is invited to discuss their alcoholic experience which goes on between 10 and 20 minutes.  They are long-term sober members of AA.  It is so bloody boring!!  I know their lives as well as they do.  I don't understand the point of allocating so much time to rehashing the same thing over and over again.  Is this how it's meant to be?
I have attend SMART recovery meetings for the past four months.  At my meetings you don't see old timers at all and we have discussed the reason why.  According to the facilitator and our collective group this is because SMART is a tool to get the attendee to sober living.  The goal is to reach sobriety and maintain it long term by changing beliefs and behaviors.  The goal is to live a sober life where you are not reminded daily of your past alcoholic behavior by attending frequent meetings or reminding yourself daily that you are an alcoholic.  I also notice a major shift in meeting dynamics when heroin addicts attend.  It feels like the stability of the group is negatively impacted.  I know this may not be fair but it is the truth.  
Thank you for this. SMART sounds like a  way better fit for me than AA. Although I honestly don't think meetings in general are a good fit for me it's nice to know that smart would be like this. 
[deleted]
Thanks for that!  I was actually thinking of attending a SMART meeting this week.  I think I will for sure now!
Thank you so much for this post! I've been looking into SMART recovery and seriously considering it as an alternative to AA. 
