-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4nx86q/resetting_again/

So I relapsed hard after just over a week. And for the strangest reason. Because I was happy and feeling great. Tuesday I had a fun productive day in work and killed it in the gym. walking back to the flat the sun was shining I passed several bars. People outside enjoying themselves. I thought man I feel great it'd be sweet to enjoy a few cold beers in the sun...And I had the conversation with myself. Maybe my drinking isn't so bad I'm over thinking this. I even googled alcohol moderation and set some sort of 4 beer Never 2 days in a row rule. ..I've been some degree of wasted or hungover since. Including two sick days from work. Currently suffering the worst withdrawal I've ever experienced. I feel like my heart's trying to beat out of my chest. Can't concentrate enough to watch TV. But I'm back here. I could do with hearing I can get through this and pick up where I left off...
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone.  I have had many relapses as I try to begin my recovery. I hear we're better off trying to go either 30 60 or 90 days before we even consider some sort of moderation for fear of what just happened to you.  That damn pink cloud and toxic brain undermine our efforts.  Stay strong and back on here.
It may comfort you to know (at least in my opinion) that this reason is not the slightest bit strange. When I got sober for good I realized that the easy part is the hard part. That is when I'm hung over and feeling shitty quitting drinking is easy. For me it's the 2-3 week point when I feel *great* that I was always at the greatest risk of relapse. My plan incorporated getting myself fully prepared for these feelings to come. When they came I was ready for them.
Happiness is by far my biggest trigger. I always drank after a good day at work. It usually came down to two reasons. One I wanted to reward myself and alcohol was the only thing I enjoyed. Two I had trouble transitioning from the "high" of a good work day to my quiet house. I felt like drinking would keep the high going. ..Great job on posting here even when you feel so crummy. You're already back in the saddle and more prepared this time!
Most every alcoholic I know has tried and failed at moderation - myself included. I'm just not wired that way. ..Good luck friend. .
I have this problem too. I always seem to drift back into drinking usually when I'm least expecting it. I won't drink at a party because I have gone in prepared not to drink. But a quiet lunch on a sunny patio when I'm relaxed and happy is when I usually "forget" I'm not drinking. That's why this time I post hear frequently. And go to A A. It helps me to commit. We got this. I will not drink with you today.
Get off your back mate and get in the game!
Hey Cobra glad you made it back! Rest up feel better and hop right back on. Those damn palpitations are the worst! Maybe a cup of hot chamomile tea leave the TV on take a nice shower and get comfy. Tomorrow's a new day you'll be back in the gym..you've got this friend :)
I don't know how deep into the withdrawal you are but I used a pretty successful two day taper pretty recently. I had a similar situation as you a relapse after a week of feeling pretty good. Relapsed hard probably the hardest I've ever binged in terms of keeping a constant buzz. ..Then really bad withdrawal symptoms started to kick in (elevated heart rate temp control skin sensitivity). I said fuck it. The withdrawal the time before was bad enough (and it's supposed to get worse every time I think) so I started looking at options. I don't really have the time/money to go any sort of medical route plus I was feeling pretty ready so I tapered...I guess there's a formula for perfect tapering but I wanted to be totally done with alcohol in two days (wanted my first fully dry day to be off work). I went with 12 Michelob Ultras the first day one every hour and then 6 the second day every other hour. I didn't have no withdrawal symptoms doing this but the heart rate stuff (which is scary) was almost nonexistent and other symptoms were very limited...I had been skeptical about tapering but if you treat it like taking medicine it can certainly make the process of sobering up easier. It's nice to skip that *staring into the abyss* phase of withdrawal as well.
Last time I was getting over a relapse I used some sort of solitary taper day. Just drank enough to stop the world is ending sensation. Haven't even had the energy to stomach going out and getting alcohol today!
Do your best to get rehydrated! Mint tea is really great for settling your stomach and is a good way to get down a good amount of liquid. I don't understand why plain water tastes so gross when you're hungover lol but I definitely recommend the tea. Aside from your heart over working to help you detox being dehydrated is especially hard on your heart. Concentrate on that first. Then eat something fatty once your stomach is settled :) Avoid too much sugar caffeine or salt. Good luck friend. We're here for you. 
I did the same thing a few days ago... I was a week into not drinking feeling great and thought it was okay to "test myself" and get a little bottle of wine (I used to get huge bottles and kill it in one night). I rationalised it by telling myself stuff like "okay this is your test... what's a few glasses of wine let's celebrate how you've been able to resist for the past week with relate ease.."..Drank about 3/4 of the bottle didn't wake up hungover but definitely not happy I gave in. Haven't drank since then though...Anyway sorry for ranting... I think we all go through this especially early in quitting. Try not to beat yourself up over it if you let the guilt consume you you could end up drinking more to numb the feelings. Maybe writing down a list of reasons why drinking sucks and why sobriety is better/all the things you could do if you were sober would help?
