-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4o1qmd/well_i_failed_but_i_learned_a_lesson_in_discipline/

I've relapsed twice in the last few weeks after being sober for 6 months. Nothing terrible the drinking was very moderate and I was cautious for myself but ultimately I'm just disappointed in my lack of discipline. ..I realize in this failure that this struggle isn't as much about alcohol as it is my ability to stay disciplined with things in my life. Discipline has definitely always held me back. Rather than staying focused on things I care about I get distracted by worthless activities social media etc. Instead of staying consistent with fitness I find reasons to skip the gym and half-focus on work or in previous times I Would drink....I hope I can keep this going now and remain as disciplined as I was for the 6 months I was sober. As someone told me previously it's not about forgetting why you've decided to be sober. Instead it's about remember why you chose to live.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi I wouldn't call it "fail" you still have those 6 sober months I never made it to 6 months. You seem to have figure out the reason for relapse I am sure you will do better this time...
Hey you can be proud of the fact that your relapses have been very brief and kept under control.  To me that still shows a ton of discipline.  ..I also had 6 months last year though it was 4 then a relapse then 2 and a bit then another relapse.  So I understand.  But my relapses lasted much longer and I let it get much worse before turning things around.  So be proud that you've caught it right away and just nip it in the bud...I think the right thing to do after a relapse is to reflect on the patterns triggers etc. that led up to that first drink and come up with a plan to make sure those can't win next time.  What you're going to do differently.  For me my main thing this time around is being more open with people close to me about my alcoholism so I have people to reach out to when I need to.  I've always quit pretty quietly in the past and just made up other excuses to explain it to people like I'm doing it for fitness reasons or I'm just enjoying not being hungover on the weekends.  This time I'm basically just outing myself as an alcoholic and asking for support.  This way 1) my friends don't try to talk me into drinking any more because they know it's a real problem and 2) I have lots of people I can contact and be open with should the need arise...Anyways that's just my new plan.  It's what I came up with when reflecting on my 2 relapses last year.  It sounds like you're relying a lot on discipline (willpower).  Do you have any other plans to support your recovery?  Willpower alone is a very tough way to get through it.
Just to comment on that last line - sometimes it's really hard to me to remember why drinking was so bad for me. It's been over a year since I've woken up hungover or embarrassed myself via text or whatever...But it's REALLY easy for me to look around and see how GOOD my life is now. I'm in great shape. My apartment is always clean. I'm dating a nice guy who drinks sometimes but never around me. Why would I want to give all this up? ..I trust my former self that drinking wasn't working out. I don't need to re-test it. 
Just to comment on that last line - sometimes it's really hard to me to remember why drinking was so bad for me. It's been over a year since I've woken up hungover or embarrassed myself via text or whatever...But it's REALLY easy for me to look around and see how GOOD my life is now. I'm in great shape. My apartment is always clean. I'm dating a nice guy who drinks sometimes but never around me. Why would I want to give all this up? ..I trust my former self that drinking wasn't working out. I don't need to re-test it. 
