-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4obm0d/im_sick_of_relapsing_every_30_days/

I can never make it to 60. I have so much clean time collectively but I'm a relapse expert. And it's never a "I didn't know what I was doing and suddenly I was drunk and regretted it" thing I always am exactly aware of what I'm doing have many chances to change my mind. I'll go and very very intentionally relapse. My heart races before I take that first drink because I know what I'm about to do. And it doesn't end in some long bender... I end up talking to my sponsor and going to meetings the very next day like nothing happened. Please can another "serial relapser" help me out here? Why am I doing this to myself? I'm already mentally thinking "the NEXT time I relapse..." 
----------immediate responses--------

I would always relapse at around 30. My best before this was 29 day. Somthing just seemed to click this time. I'm also a bit of a hermit. You can do it. 
Have you considered talking to a counsellor about this problem?  Are you really intentionally relapsing or would you rather not drink if that were available to you?..The word choice to me is considering a variety of options and picking one.  For a long time I never chose to drink but did drink because of being addicted to alcohol...When I'm having trouble I go to my doctor and get medication to make the process easier.
I relapsed because I started feeling better and rationalized I could moderate. The moderate drinking would progress to unhealthy quantities of booze. Not drinking is easier for me than trying to moderate.
I think if you can get to 30 you are clearly capable of "I will not drink today" somehow you are psyching yourself out and choosing not to make that daily promise. The only difference between day 30 me and day 250 me is that I have more faith in my ability to make that daily promise. I am working now on turning the promise into a wakeup and bedtime ritual so I do it every day.
