-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4oibmy/you_dont_have_a_drinking_problem/

Hey guys! ..Hope everyone is well today..I guess I want to vent if you don't mind. As you know one of the hardest parts of staying sober is remaining aware that moderation is not possible for you. I never drank at work I rarely drank in the morning. A drunk friend asked me the other evening how long it had been since I'd drank. I told him nearly 40 days.. He said oh that's good.. I don't feel like you need to be counting like that though you don't have a drinking problem. Friends often don't believe me either. Who are these people that know my relationship with alcohol better than I do? Is it normal to live with constant anxiety. Is it normal to have a social beer at the ski lodge with everyone only to realize the next day that everyone else drove home at 4pm while I was still there at 7pm wasted and heading to the next party..I had a friend who always seemed to know more about my drinking than I did. She didn't think I had a problem but was "glad I was happier now". She hosted a poker night one evening.. The night before my boyfriend and I had a big fight. Hadn't spoken since... Hard day at work.. I was just looking for a relapse I could feel it in my bones. I told her I didn't think I was going to go I'd had a hard week.. She jumped down my throat about it bullied me into going or I'd be letting her down because such and such a friend had already bailed blah blah blah. I went I drank.. She talked about me the next day for it. How I'd made a fool of myself. .Bottom line I'm sick and tired of people minimizing my problem with alcohol. I've already evaluated how drinking effects my life I've made a tough choice and I make that same choice everyday.. I did NOT ask for your opinion on it!
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear of this issue.  ..How about:  "No thanks for the offer I'm fine.  What other topic shall we talk about?"..Or: "It's not important that you understand.  What's important is that you respect my decision.  Will you do that for me?"..Keep it up!..Just for today I don't drink with you.
Exactly how I feel. It's hella patronizing imo to make these kinda judgements about other people's boundaries or choices. At the end of the day I'm responsible for the hell I created drinking the pain of the hangovers and the loss of sanity. Where were my drinking buddies when I had to fix all that stuff? Not there.
I am active in Cleveland Agnostic AA meetings-- I never hear that sort of bullshit out of my real friends.  In other words I found my tribe and others don't get free space in my head for this sort of corrosive nonsense.
Yeah I find I have to put myself (and my sobriety) first.  Other people will put themselves (and their drinking) first too - and I always try to remember that when I get unsolicited opinions about my choice not to drink.
I'm guessing you didn't make it apparent when you arrived that you don't drink. It seems a bit out of the ordinary but I think when most people hear that they think it's awesome what you're doing. If not your friends suck or maybe just young/culture thing. Forget about that day and let the guilt go. Don't use it as an excuse to continue some kind of bender. You can learn from this. You're awesome.
I can relate. It took me a while to realise that only I can decide what is good for myself...However since I have accepted responsibility for my life and decisions good or bad everything became much easier. Any time someone cracks a joke about me not drinking or tries to talk me in to "having a few" I smile and say - "no thank you not today" while thinking "what the fuck do you know about me?"..I am the captain of my ship.
Powerful post!  Thank you for sharing.  
Only you can decide if it's a problem or not. Believe it or not most likely they aren't trying to get you to relapse or not take it seriously. I think the problem is alcohol is EVERYWHERE. And our image of what an Alcoholic is is an old man (a vet likely) drinking wild turkey or whatever out of a brown sack under a bridge who's next door to homeless. An alcoholic isn't a young pretty woman in her 20's or a handsome  young man right out of college or a single mother or a new father or a middle aged person or whatever. So they look at you mentally compare you to what they think of as an alcoholic and...just don't see it. Because you're not that homeless under the bridge vet. I can almost hear your friends saying "you're not THAT bad..." Because for them alcoholism is a one stop shop one size fits all.   ..If you think you have a problem you have a problem. It's really not up to anyone to decide that for you. :) 
Sorry that continues to happen but fuck them...My drinking was apparently caused by my horrible marriage and now that I'm away from him why not drink again? - some of my friends.
&gt;I'm sick and tired of people minimizing my problem with alcohol...Exactly. This is why I don't tell people that I ever had a problem. I just drink something else. ..If a stopdrinker person asks me how long I've been sober I say over 2 years now.  Anyone else I just tell them I don't drink. ..This approach makes me comfortable and makes people around me comfortable. .
With friends like that....
When I was drinking it suited me when people would minimize or overlook my problem. I tried hiding and minimizing my problem with others. ..Since giving up some people tried telling me they don't think I had a problem or that I could just drink less. Perhaps they underestimated my problem thought they were being kind or were just uninformed. Even my husband suggested I could try drinking less and he lived the most awful existence with me getting drunk every day...It's entirely up to me I know my drinking was a big problem I know I cannot moderate I know I was drinking myself to an early grave know I need to stay sober for my physical and mental wellbeing. My husband came to accept this over time he doesn't really understand why I can't just drink moderately but he accepts it to be the case he appreciates the positive changes that have happened in me. Plus he doesn't have to deal with drunk me's tantrums passing out and peeing on the floor...
I'm sorry that you have to deal with this...I'm glad that I don't. It really isn't anyone else's place to voice an opinion on someone you are doing that does not concern them. Wish people like that would just mind their own business...Congrats on 40!
I too encountered people who demanded explanations and justifications. Thanks to my friends in the program I learned what to do. I just fogged them off. Eventually they STFU. Inevitably they were gone. I have managed to stay sober without any "help" from them. Good riddance.
Some of these people are not your friends.  It's hard to see people slowly fade away when you stop drinking.  Sober people sober places is a powerful statement...I find personally thay any real friend is supportive of me not drinking.  Anyone that entices me to drink i find myself meeting them with hostility and resentments.  ..Seriously cut these Fucks out of your life.  Put the pressure on them.  If alcohol was holding the "friendship" together then let it fall apart...I find its best to let these things work themselves out naturally ..Good luck.
[deleted]
[deleted]
People in real life and on social media thrive on other's failures.  It is true that misery loves company then misery will talk shit about you when not in your company.  Screw misery.  I will take one or two good friends over 100 posers any day. 
You are so right.  No one has the right to tell you what your relationship with alcohol is like; especially people who are not honest with themselves about their relationship with alcohol.   I think sometimes these people do not want to see you succeed with the quitting because it makes them feel bad about their drinking.   Keep on keeping on!!!   Try to avoid telling people you are trying to avoid alcohol...it will save you the argument.   Also try going out more without drinking.  Make it a habit to go out and have fun without drinking.  It's working for me.   Good luck!.
Hang in there!
I've spent a considerable portion of my life worrying about what other people think of me caving in when pressured to do something I don't want to do and generally not being my own master...A huge contributor of my continuing to drink was exactly what happened to you: friends who said I don't have a drinking problem. And I believed them because I wanted to. But really I knew I did. I mean for *years* I let my friends' opinions dictate whether I kept drinking or not...I don't want to drink because drinking will kill me eventually so I don't drink. If I don't want to go to a poker night I politely decline and don't go. If the host has a problem with it then s/he's gotta get over it...A lot of this has to do with age (I'm in my early 30s). But that's really shorthand for saying I've caved so many times that I'm sick of it...And as we're always talking from the I: If my "friend" gave me shit for not wanting to go to a casual game night and then talked shit about me the next day even after I agreed to go I'd think long and hard about whether that person is a true friend.
It has gone one of two ways for me. Either people don't believe I had a drinking problem or they jokingly tell me I was a lush. Either way they think I had it under control...What they didn't see was all the alone and secret drinking I did. For every one people saw me have I had 3-4 others they didn't see. Hiding my drinking concealed the true breadth of my problem from everyone around me. ..So I can get why some would be telling me they didn't think I had a problem.
I think it's harder for those of us who are "high-functioning" alcoholics because the folks around us never see the actual struggle. They see that we can hold down a job mostly can keep relationships together enjoy some moderate success but inside it's destroying us. ..The folks around you are going to give you a hard time but you don't really owe them anything. I also think it's especially hard for women because we're taught from the beginning of life that we're supposed to make the people around us comfortable and happy. As a result our own well-being sometimes suffers. Don't put yourself second. Put yourself first and remember that you have absolutely no obligation to make other people comfortable at your expense. ..Let's not drink today. 
You know I find that people are so focused on themselves that even if they ask about me not drinking it is in passing and they don't really care anyways unless I make a big deal out of it. I just shrug it off like I just don't want to. No need to have a big discussion about it. Works every time. 
This happened to me as well. A few of my "friends" minimized MY drinking habits. Like excuse me are you ME? I didn't realize you were around me 24/7 and knew how I spent every night drunk and every morning drunk also! Just because you can control your drinking habits doesn't mean I can. And then the nerve of your friend to make fun of your behavior after she guilted you into coming out and drinking. I'm sorry that is not a friend! When you decide to become sober you have to change pretty much everything...and especially those toxic friends who will only bring negative energy and are not supportive. Good luck girl you got this!
most of my friends didn't think I had a problem either. But what they didn't see was that after I left their company I did most of my drinking at home alone...I may not have appeared to have a problem to them...but in reality I had a very big problem.
Thanks for sharing..One thing I've come to realize is that this is my life and I don't care what others think about what I do with my life.  I know from many years of experience that drinking only leads me to misery and stopped me from accomplishing the goals I have in my life.  .Congrats on 39 days and staying strong!
Download Beyonc 's hit "Me Myself and I." Jam it. Embrace it. Tell your poker-hosting friend to kick rocks and tell everyone else that you need to work on yourself so you can be a better friend girlfriend l employee and human being. ..When my friends give me shit I will sit there and list 5-6 times that they have seen me do really fucked up things (and it isn't even hard for me to come up with a list for multiple people; gotta love sheer volume of dumbassery that can be accomplished during a 17-year drinking career). If they still pressure me to drink I remove myself from the situation. ..Seems like you're on the right path so I will send you positive vibes. And I won't drink with you today.
You have to do what's right for your life with regards to alcohol without exception. You are a powerful person who can resist social pressure to drink. I won't drink with you today.
It's tough not to be supported by friends in our sobriety but it doesn't sound uncommon for others to minimise the impact of alcohol. For whatever reasons some people seem to torpedo our sobriety... there is something I learned years ago that I'm still learning to implement. And that is the Mantra that I can't set a boundary why worrying about another person's feelings. What I get from that is some people aren't going to like me saying no. And while that sucks I still have to set boundaries for myself...You have the right to say no to situations where your sobriety is at risk. I found this to be really important for me. It also showed me who were true friends and who were drinking buddies. But that is another story!
Thank you for sharing and congrats on 40!.I've had this problem since I first tried to stop drinking a few months ago. My husband being in denial about his own problem was the worst saying I was overreacting and being sensitive...Even my mom when I told her I wasn't drinking asked me what happened. Did I get a DUI drink at work etc? And when I said no her response was well you don't have a problem maybe just cut back a little...My husband has come around a little after seeing the shakes and panic attacks when I went through withdrawals but he still doesn't believe or support me when I say I want to be sober for good...Thank you for starting this conversation and for everyone's responses it's been very helpful and insightful. 
She doesn't sound like a good friend.
If you do dumb regrettable shit when you are drunk that you wouldn't do sober it's a problem
I can relate to this a lot. I had friends who did similar things and they facilitated several relapses. In the end it was my fault that I relapsed. However I knew who to call when I wanted to drink again: *friends who were skeptical I was an alcoholic.* They were the perfect enablers. They were the people I could talk to when I started to think that I wasn't an alcoholic again. I found that these types of friends are very dangerous for me to have and I try to keep my distance from them. It's hard even impossible because these are people I care about deeply and want to stay in touch with. I don't know if there is a perfect solution other than learning that my sobriety depends 100% on me not the opinions of others.
Only YOU can let other people minimize your drinking and the effects it has had on your life. If you know where it takes you and how bad it gets no one else can take away your truth. So keep fighting and in the same respect have compassion for those that will never understand alcoholism. Just because you're sober now doesn't mean temptations will go away. And if you have any expectations of others acting any differently you will always be disappointed. 
I'm reminded of the saying "Your opinion of me is none of my business."  Their judgment of your choice is theirs. It's hard for me when "friends" tell me my experience isn't real or accurate but I also know that's more about them than me. Only I know the depth of my problem and the challenge of my way out. I agree with other posters that if my form of drinking was a "socially acceptable" form that my friends shared with me rather than the brown bag street lady then I'm more likely going to be a reflection of their own internal judgment about themselves. I use *my* knowing of *my* problem as my motivation to stay sober. 
My best defense for situations like this is to just hang up the conversation like you would with a phone.  Not rudely like slamming down the receiver but more like 'Can we discuss something else?'
I feel like people around me when I am not drinking take it as an attack on them. Like because I am not drinking that I am judging them for drinking. Yeah I definitely wish I could drink and I would if I could...but I can't so I don't. Let me live me own life and don't take everything I do as somehow an attack on your choices. 
I had to evaluate my friends cut some off to stay sober. I turned down a lot of social events. Until you're able to handle being near alcohol don't go out with people who insist you do who minimize your problem or don't accept it.
[removed]
[removed]
By chance are any of those people minimizing/ignoring your drinking sober?  No...If you don't have a problem they don't have a problem.
One thing I learned is don't leave the responsibility to not drink up to anyone else. You are the final line of defense of what is going into your body. You have to make the decision long before you go anywhere that you are totally committed to not drinking regardless of what happens.
A lot of people will have a hard time finding out you're getting sober especially if they are people who partied with you or partied harder than you because it will make them look at themselves and wonder if they have a problem too. ..Those people are not your friends. Friends will respect your boundaries and encourage you to do what's best for you. Enablers are people who don't want you to get sober because they're going to lose a drinking buddy. Surround yourself with people who want the same things you do there are lots of support groups for people who don't drink start looking for them. Good luck! 
I'm sorry to hear you had a shitty friend. Sometimes you have to cut out people and their feelings be damned. The price of admission for being this girls friend was way too high and frankly not worth it. One poker night over your life will never be worth it. There are people out there who will listen and support you. Seek them out. Congrats on your 39 days :)
I agree with most of what was said and it can be really hard having people like that in your life. The truth is that someone who is pressuring you to drink knowing what your reaction is likely to be is not being a very good friend and may indeed have their own problems with alcohol or if not issues of self esteem or manipulation/control. Beyond age say 25 normal social drinkers don't pressure others to drink nor do they question the level of their own consumption. We alone diagnose ourselves. 
Last week I looked up an addiction treatment center and on their website among other things was the question "Have you ever thought about drinking less?"..And I thought that's the real definition of what a drinking problem is isn't it? You want to drink less but you have trouble doing so. It doesn't matter if you only drink on long weekends or if you're going through a quart of gin every day. You drinking becomes problematic when you start wishing you could drink less than you do and only you can know that.
[deleted]
surely one of the hardest parts.  .."You weren't THAT bad"
Usually I take this a prime opportunity to mess with people...A coworker exclaimed after I disclosed I dont drink "I dont know anyone that doesnt drink!"  I said I dont know very many people that do drink.  She kind of looked at me blankly and didnt know what to say
Y'know - a lot of people don't want people to have problems because they care.  Friends are probably going to minimize your problems precisely because they care...I suppose an analogy would be if you had cancer.  No one is going to say "Fuck you're most likely going to die now."  No it's always hoping for the best.  Hoping for the best when your friend tells you that they're an alcoholic is that they're misguided and they just need to tone it down a bit...Something to chew on.
I'm a lurker on this sub and you my friend explained exactly what happens to me. I've gone 18 days with not a drop of booze but I'm not quite ready to fully quit. I just know I'm not there yet. That 18 days has been the most I've gone without booze since I was 21(26). I have social phobia around people so I drank and I drank thinking everyone was drinking just as much. They weren't. Then I had to drink just to be around my friends then I drank after work as a horrible cooping mechanism for stress or a bad day. It started to become as addictive as cigs almost. The reward system and all. I don't drink everyday but 3-4 days out of the week. I thought I'm not drinking everyday it's no problem. But now after those 18 days I realized how bad I was doing. With all these craft beers it started to become a hobby that I thought was normal. Worst hobby ever. 
When he was young and going down fast due to his alcoholism my brother now sober for 20 years (:-D)  asked my parents to send him to rehab. They told him he just needed to control his drinking. His downward spiral continued. He disappeared for several years. His life was wreckage. He found AA recovered and came back. My parents drank every day until they died couldn't stand each other and had no close friends or family. But they weren't alcoholics of course. When my mother was 85 or so she said to me that in retrospect she didn't think my brother was really that bad that he had blown it out of proportion. So sad. 
My story is similar; my friend would tell me I didn't have a problem because I have a low tolerance and couldn't drink as much as she can. She'd bully me into hanging out which meant I'd end up blacking out and doing something stupid (now I wonder if I drank so much so I could tolerate her bullshit) while she and everyone else laughed about it. Even if I disappeared with a guy she wouldn't question or stop it because it "wasn't her business".  Too many stories like that and I had to walk away. We had a fight one time over something stupid and I used the opportunity to just not talk to her anymore. I honestly believe if I hadn't I wouldn't have been able to get sober.  .It's not easy to think about because she probably means well but just doesn't get it. 
