-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4oprtl/went_to_a_smart_recovery_meeting/

It didn't have a facilitator. He was sick or something. So I don't know if this is the norm...We went around the room "checking in." There were actually quite a few AA people there. The least annoying ones. One guy actually blew me away as he was the first AA guy to admit you needed a certain spirituality for AA to work... There were also a number of supporting people. Spouses and family members and stuff. This I was NOT happy with. it was like 40% of the group! And no matter how much you sympathize if you can't relate its real tough to expect anyone else to open up. ..Along those lines. No one did. There was nothing of any depth there. It was like a social gathering a party where the "theme" was sobriety. Only one guy said anything about his character and struggle. Someone else related a story about how he needed and got a new liver. Thats all it was a story... A good story but absolutely NOTHING about learning or growing or revalation of character...I felt like the narrator in fight club. He couldn't cry with marla present. And there were nothing but Marlas in that room. I dunno if this is normal or just this group. But I just got the feeling everyone there was pretending. It was very superficial...Also whats with the cross talk? It sucks. Because it gives idiots like this woman that was in the room license to comment on everything thats being said. She couldn't shut her mouth. She completely dominated the meeting...I'll give it another shot. but I dunno. If I ever see this woman again and she comments when i'm talking I'm gonna lose it on her... I digress. Is this normal? Others who have been to both AA and SMART. Thoughts? 
----------immediate responses--------

Every SMART meeting I've been to has had a facilitator; if one's not available they cancel it. I think it's not a recognized meeting unless there is one present. I've only ever seen one family member attend there is a separate Friends &amp; Family programme available in SMART.  I'd try touching base with the facilitator. There's been reasonable cross-attendance from AA and NA members at the meetings I've attended.
hopefully you can have a better experience in a different more supportive group that has a facilitator present...keep up the hard work of staying sober though :)
I'm an AA guy but I'll say what I say to folks when an AA meeting doesn't sit well with them - Find a new SMART meeting. If there's not one available look into starting your own.
There's only one SMART meeting near me and I went once to see what it was like.  There was a facilitator and his assistant and two other attendees including me.  The facilitator spoke for half an hour about his weight loss (200 pounds two years ago) and little else.  There was no depth to the few shares which were more like 2 minute introductions.  True there was no god talk or jesus talk.  But there was no indication that it would help me either.  I have not gone back there but continue with AA.  Obviously other SMART groups would (have to be) better.  
That sounds like an odd meeting.  The one i attend is led by a social worker and is very structured with a topic.  That's why I prefer it.  People share not openly like with aa and na.  And in my experience it's only addicts.  They also offer family and friends groups so they can have their own forum.
SMART Facilitator here the usual flow of the meeting is:..1. Check in (What brought you here? if new or What has been going on with you in the recent past?)..2. Set the agenda based on check in..3. Discuss topics on agenda where cross talk is encouraged with a couple of caveats (no "drunkalogues" (telling old war stories) and no advice)..4.  Work on any applicable SMART tools ..5.  Pass the hat/pass the brochure..6.  Check out (What was most meaningful to you in this meeting?)
