-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4osznx/5_day_vacation_at_a_wedding_with_my_wife_who_is/

Last day of a vacation for my wife's best friend's wedding. Almost 2 months ago my wife told me that she's no longer in love with me or sexually attracted to me. I knew this was going to be a dozy...I knew things were bad and there is a lot about our relationship that I am not happy with. She's not a big drinker and from years of on and off binge drinking on my side she's come to a place where she is pretty turned off by me. ...I spent all of my time with our 3 year old daughter. My wife had to help throw the whole wedding together this week after we got there. ..At the wedding I struggled with conversation all day. Totally not me. I talk to people for a living...This week I just tried to show that I'm a capable partner and only got emotional a couple times (we've always joked that I'm the crier but that's far from a joke!)..Our second therapy session starts Tuesday and I made sure we had at least the next 3 booked out. ..Despite the differences we are great parents together and this is something I can't bare to lose. ..It love to hear any success stories  of similar situations. ..This was the hardest time in my life.  I'm sure it will get worse before and if it gets better. I didn't drink and am finally getting the hang of running...
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there Turk! As I see it sober you gets at least 3 bonuses from what you described. Bonus 1 is you are sober and get all the health and mental goodies that go along with not ingesting poison 2 is you are spending more quality time with your daughter and 3 will come when your wife reconnects with the sober guy she fell in love with in the first place. She's healing from your drinking in different ways than you are and she probably does not realize that things are getting better every day for both of you. It's subtle at first and she has to come to her epiphany moment on her own. If you can think of things that you did when you first courted her to win her affections then do them again! A romantic walk in the park? Did you take her to see a movie that was so horrible you ended up making out?  Doing considerate things for people reminds them that we notice things that bother them and we care enough about them that we do something about it when we can. Think about what worked in the past and stay sober while you court her all over again. You can do it and the prize for success is that you get a second chance to have the great life that the two of you joined together to make in the first place. So with that said under the authority granted to me by the all powerful Wizard of Oz I here by designate the Summer of 2016... "The Summer of Rekindled Love!" In your honor :) Make the most of it and let it be the best summer of your lives!
Im sure your daughter loves having sober dad time! I know my children are happy to have their mother back...happy father's day!
My marriage did not survive my recovery.  Different circumstances perhaps maybe not so much. That is not important..But this is: being sober made the whole thing less an ordeal and **not a war**  I was able to hold my tongue not do stupid things and be there for my children. As one marriage therapist taught me it takes two to fight.  I didn't. We didn't  It was slow sad process but we both got through it - and somehow I maintained a good relationship with my children....
A success story. ..My drinking and narcotic use pretty much ruined my marriage. When everything finally fell to pieces around me and I was remanded to treatment in order to keep my license my husband very grimly kept his distance. He saw me off as I left for a four day evaluation at the recommended treatment facility. On my third day there alone in a hotel room I was served with divorce papers. It was a kick in the midst of all the destruction I had created for myself. So I was on my own. That was a hard hard thing to go through...I muddled through and came out the other side a better person. I couldn't leave the treatment facility after 90 days because I had nowhere to go. Home wasn't home anymore! He'd changed the locks and was full-on determined to follow through with the divorce. I did my best to stay on my recovery course--I was finally able to see what my actions had resulted in whereas before I was too wrapped up in my own misery to consider others...After an extra month at the facility I moved to an apartment where there were better job possibilities and a strong recovery network. I concentrated on being the best person I could be in my new role as recovering alcoholic/addict. ..Words don't mean much to people around us--they've heard all the promises before and they're quite tired of them. Actions count. ..My husband began to see the changes. I had also accepted that our marriage would probably end and I became ok with that. We attended counseling sessions (sometimes weekly) with a therapist who was also in recovery. After a year on my own showing that I was getting better and that I had changed drastically he began to trust me. Now a year later I have been back home our relationship is better than it ever had been (no lying no hiding open and honest) and we are both improving as people. ..Relationships differ and sometimes they survive the whirlwind we create and other times the damage is just too great. Be authentic. Be yourself. An improved version of yourself :)
This may not be what you want to hear and granted I am very young and unmarried but does the marriage need to continue? ..US alcoholics do hurt a lot of people but that does not mean we are indebted to them. Imagine if you lost your arm or were severely injured and your spouse had to take care of you. Imagine after a few years of taking care of you they stopped loving you because of all the effort. What kind of spouse would they be? Did they really mean "through sickness and health"? Did they really mean "till death us do part"?..Being an alcoholic is an illness. An illness which you are taking jumps and leaps in solving and curing. You don't need someone to hold your past misdeeds against you (in my humble opinion). You deserve someone that loves and cherishes you at your lowest. As Marilyn Monroe said - if they can't handle you at your worst they don't deserve you at your best. ..It's great you are trying to make it work and all the best with counciling. But at the same time make sure you take care of yourself and surround yourself with people who are in your team.
My mom went to Al-Anon and therapy because of my dad's drinking. She eventually kicked him out and they lived separately for 3 years. During that time he went to treatment got and stayed sober and continued therapy. It took time and work but they got back together and stayed together since then...nearly 30 years.
After binge drinking for more than a decade and occasionally being ugly to my wife I stopped drinking about 5 months ago.  My wife talked about divorcing me several times and she had every right to bring it up based on my own bad behavior.  I came to the realization that if I kept drinking I would lose everything...wife kids house job health..everything!...Five months later I am a happier and healthier person.  My wife and I have stopped fighting.  It has taken her time to trust me again but she has come around and our marriage is strong as ever.  We are semi empty nesters so we go out on actual dates sometimes and we find the joy of being in each others company just like when we were teen-agers.  I'm not out of the woods yet but I have turned a corner in my life and am reaping the rewards...Keep doing what you are doing...stay the course.  I don't know if your marriage will survive what your going through but at least you have a fighting chance if your sober.  Good luck.
I can tell you that if you want what I have which is a very happy marriage then getting and staying sober is where it all begins.  .My husband and I were both the most unhopeful type of alcoholics.  We have done unimaginably horrible things to each other hated each other been disgusted with each other etc.  Nothing could ever save us from each other or from ourselves.  Hopeless depressed delusional sometimes homeless impossibly in debt unable to meet basic needs failing health and unexplainable injuries and destruction of our possesions reputations lives.  We both stopped drinking after it had really hit rock bottom for us.  You may not have reached it you certainly don't have to go that low to hit a turning point in your life but for us we had to really hit bottom for us to stop drinking.  I think at that point in our lives we would have rather died miserably than to have to endure one day without a drink.  We couldn't live in our own skin.  Fast forward to now...we are very in love and are happier than we have ever been successful loving and have finally learned to communicate.  .All of this started when we joined AA the 12 step program has for us become a way of life to live for helping others to meditate together every morning to really work hard towards being at peace with ourselves our past towards carrying ourselves with grace and dignity.  .The thing is when someone has put up with you basically disappointing them in every way and are still around it doesn't take long for them to notice the changes in your actions and be open to changing their opinion of you and to re-warm their hearts to you..  You have a daughter together.  The #1 thing that has kept us together and given us hope is our perfect innocent daughter who we want to grow up in a home with loving parents not knowing what alcoholism even is.  .I imagine that your wife still loves you she was in love with you enough to marry you to want to spend her life with you to endure all the hell that you have put her through to endure the responsibility loneliness stress resentment etc. that she has felt from your hurtful actions and words and hell she loved you enough to bear your offspring!  She is just not "in love" with the person you are when you were drinking.  But that doesn't have to be who you are anymore.  You can become a better person than before and she can fall in love with you again.  .She doesn't know what your intentions are so show her with your actions.  There is still time to turn things around.
Without all the gritty detail mine was also a success story but it took a lot of hard work determination lengthy periods of sobriety on both sides of the coin and the ability to forgive and heal...For me family is extremely important and I believe our children seeing that even the worst marital situation can be remedied with effort and change was in the end a good thing...It was a long difficult rocky road but we made it through. Sobriety and gratitude are my mainstays.
We've survived and are thriving in fact. The relationship was all but dead when I quit drinking and I had a number of affairs while drinking and he knew about them and it was just a disaster - plus we have a small child together. ..As has been said therapy and AA have rebuilt us. I also gained back trust through action not words. And now I know that even if we don't work out for some reason down the line - I'm gonna be fine. As long as I don't drink and work my program I'm gonna be fine no matter what.
My non success story.  Didn't stop drinking....went to counciling...acted a fool.  Got divorced.  Those words of not being attracted to you are some of the same words I've been told before.  Shit hurts.  Hit the gym.  Make yourself more presentable.  My x and I got divorced 6 months ago and we are both down in weight and looking much better.  Just wondering why we didn't do that together.  We are excelling now but are divorced...Don't miss this opportunity to get in shape.  Do it for you...make yourself marketable in the event this doesn't work out or tell yourself that.  Whatever it takes to get in shape and turn back the clock asap!   Not attracted to you! Fuck that....step it up a little.  Show her What's up.  You got this.
