-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4p1xy7/when_you_want_a_drink_remember/

Hi all ..I'm new here and thought I'd share something I just created to help me on this journey. I've known I have a drinking problem for years now but recently decided to confront it head on. I've attempted to stay sober in the past but wasn't mentally ready. I truly feel this time is different. I'll share my story more later but for now I want to share a list I wrote to myself to prevent myself from picking up that first drink. ..When you want a drink remember:..DO NOT immediately give in. Wait. Read this ..You're going to live a completely different life than you're used to you're going to find yourself you're going to lose some friends you're going to feel everything you're going to live a life you didn't think you could you're going to feel anxious uncomfortable pissed off left out and frustrated at times. That's okay...You'll never have to wake up not knowing where you are what happened how you acted how you got home or feel horrible guilt and regret. ..Even when you drink moderately you are constantly concerned with how much you're drinking and if there is more available. It's not even pleasant...People keep saying you'll feel so happy content energized and healthy when you stop drinking. You want to feel like that...You'll no longer have horrible anxiety crying spells guilt self-hatred and panic for several days after drinking...You'll never have to go to work hungover struggling to just make it through the day...You'll save a ton of calories and lose weight and not feel guilty the next morning about eating a bunch of junk...You'll save money and have some extra cash to spend on other things...You'll have so much more time to do stuff since you won't be hungover...You'll be more productive and accomplish things you always said you'd get to someday...You'll form stronger bonds with your friends and boyfriend...You'll lose some friends but develop better stronger real connections with others. You probably couldn't hold a pleasant sober conversation with many of your drinking buddies anyway and those are not real connections...You'll find out who you really are. ..If you are shy and socially awkward in social situations that's okay. ..You'll remember all the events that you pay good money for...You'll be able to remember conversations you have and won't have to wrack your brain trying to remember the details of what you said...You'll never have to worry about getting home safely or driving drunk because you can always drive yourself...You'll save your parents (especially mom) a lot of worrying...Your body will become healthier and stronger than ever before...You'll never wake up and wish that you had drank the night before...You'll ruin more relationships hurt more people and yourself and possibly end up in jail or dead if you keep drinking...You're not a normal drinker. You can't have just one or two. And even if you somehow manage it by following others' lead you will not feel content and always want more...Recall the irresponsible dangerous downright stupid things you've done when drunk. ..You're only 27 and are lucky that you've realized you have a problem early. You have your whole life ahead of you and will accomplish great things if you can maintain sobriety. ..Follow that first drink through and think about what will follow it...There is nothing left in a drink for you. ..You can do this. Stay strong.
----------immediate responses--------

I love this
I really appreciate this as a 27 year old who doesn't want to be a functional drunk/substance user anymore. The glamour of drinking culture has worn off.
The line about being 27 hit me in the feels because I was at a point where I should have stopped at that age but decided to try my hand at moderation. It took more than 6 years for me to throw in the towel with this attempt. There are a lot of us in our 30s and 40s that would give almost anything to be in your shoes. It's a gift. Cherish it and protect it with every ounce of strength you have. ..I'll gladly not drink with you today.
So true. I can't hold a normal pleasant conversation with my "best friend" sober. 
Thank you for writing this OP!  I relate so so much.
I read through your list. It's all obtainable in time.  Hope you get it all. 
This really helped me right now. Thank you.
I'm discovering that all of these things and more come true in sobriety. In the short time I've been sober I feel as though I am living a life I couldn't have dreamed of last year. It's difficult and it makes me want to cry (out of frustration and joy) at times but it is so so so worth it. Thanks for posting this. Fellow almost-27 year old here. I look forward to reading your future posts and comments.
This is such a great reminder! Ty!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Very nice...I would think most of us can relate to a majority of of this...Now get off my lawn you young whippersnappers!
As someone who has tried to quit at 24 25 26 and in a month at 27 this definitely hits home.  Thanks for sharing!  ..Each time I made it to a few months.  It's amazing how much time opens up that I never thought I had before.  I always made time for drinking though.
Thank you! I'm saving this post to find it easily. 
This is pretty amazing coming from a 27 year old thank you for your wisdom!.Love.An almost 60 year old.Keep up the good work!
Great post! 
Thank you for taking the time to write this I'm definitely saving it to read through when I want to drink. 
i'm 26 and this hits home for me as well! thank you for sharing.
TRUTH. Love this thanks for posting. 34 years old here knew at 25 I needed help for my drinking but didn't get it until the past year for many reasons one of which was "I'm too young to be an alcoholic!" LOL. ..Congrats on being way ahead of the game. &lt;3 
Thanks so much for all of your comments. I can already feel how supportive this community is. Glad to be here.
Holy shit are you me?
You *never* wake up the next day sober and *wish* that you had drank. Rings absolutely true every single time. 
