-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4p46xw/4_months_sober/

Today is 4 months for me. I am feeling a bit better. I was in a weird headspace for a few weeks. Basically I think I was trying to justify drinking to myself. ..In the next month and a half a lot of possibly stressful things are happening. My lease is up July 31st so I am looking for a new place and moving basically in the next month. I am starting a very challenging new semester June 27th. I'm not sure how hard it is going to be. I may be holding on for dear life for the first couple of weeks. ..Anyway I ordered a 4 month sober AA coin online and it came yesterday. I spend a lot of time looking at it trying to make sense out of that about of time. The prospect of relapsing and  having to spend ANOTHER 4 months to get back to this point is a great reason to stay sober in itself. ..Basically after almost a month of thinking about drinking and trying to justify it I came to this resolution. ..I have two option. ..1) I stay completely sober.    ..2) I stay completely drunk. ..I never could moderate and was miserable whenever I tried. Cutting out the grey area helps me a bit. Those are really my two options. ..Anyway thanks everyone. Not drinking today.  
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I have two option. ..&gt;1) I stay completely sober.    ..&gt;2) I stay completely drunk. ..&gt;I never could moderate and was miserable whenever I tried. Cutting out the grey area helps me a bit...This was my experience too. Moderation was a miserable purgatory for me. Not drinking makes my life easy...Keep up the great living!..
Like you I felt discomfort in always being sober.  That's because things happen in life and sober I was able to feel things good or bad that I used to sedate with alcohol.  The upside is that I see I can handle what life sends and any discomfort is minor but preferable to the chaos and denial that was my old drinking life.  I'll take reality.
Congratulations! An awesome achievement. I will not drink with you today.
Congrats on your discipline.  Great and accurate view point for many of us.  Be kind to yourself.
Congrats! I'm just 4 days behind you! My Headspace has been messing with me too. Pedro had stopped by a few times chatting it up with me but i quickly play the tape forward and kick him to the curb!
Way to go! I'll join you in not drinking today. 
