-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4p4e8n/day_111_heres_my_struggle/

I've been in and out of counseling since I was 12 when I first started cutting and stopped eating. My adoptive mom was abusive mostly emotionally but sometimes physically. The deepest scars are what she said to me. Fat. Dumb. Ugly. Always made to feel like I was nothing. But the icing on the cake? "The only way you can keep a man is if you have kids. You'll work 2 jobs and have to do drugs to feel happy."..After I turned 18 I tried to stay just long enough to finish high school. I didn't make it. I moved in with my dad and started going to community college. Got my first job at the college cafe. That's where I met my first fianc . Shortly after I had my first daughter I went to a psych ward. Bipolar effective disorder with paranoia self destructive tendencies hallucinations and impulsive behavior; agoraphobia and anxiety with panic attacks; PTSD and detachment disorder. Medicated and on my way I got my high school diploma. Not even 2 years later my son was born and I got my associates. Sounds good right? Except for the abuse some of it borrowed from what I opened up to him about...Then my current fianc  got me out of there. Finally no abuse. We got pregnant life seemed good. Then my agoraphobia got so bad it was declared a disability and soon after we got bedbugs from our heroin dealer neighbors a living hell I'd never experienced before. We moved to a small town near family who promised they'd help. We were left stranded and alone. I had my 3 child another daughter and ended up in the psych ward again...I was 14 when I had a shot of SoCo my first alcohol experience. I drank on occasions since I was 19. But in my pain I discovered something in whiskey: it made me feel good. Happy you could say. I learned it killed physical and emotional pain and I self medicated for everything...I declined rapidly drinking all day everyday. July of last year I wound up in the hospital for a suicide attempt. In the mess I finally saw that I made what mom told me true...I started iop and AA. Then I relapsed for about a month sober a month relapsed another 2 and I'm sure now I've got it. I go the meetings most days am doing dbt and am even in the abacus program to work towards getting a job...I don't know what will happen next but I do know I'll strive to do it sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi thank you for sharing your story. You sound determined and brave. I wish you all the best keep posting and let us know how you get on with AA.
Your adoptive mom was not predicting the future. She wasn't casting a spell. She was cruel and she hurt you but her words don't hold power over your future. I wish you the best: a happy healthy you; happy healthy children; a loving supportive partner; and a sober successful future.
Thank you for sharing. I won't drink with you today.
