-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4p9sm2/realization_that_this_needs_to_change/

Yesterday when I drank a couple beers I realized that I really need to cut back on drinking. My drinking habit has caused a lot of problems for me. I came to realize so many things wrong with my life at this moment...Backstory:..I never drank before turning 18. Then I moved out of home to the other side of country to work and because I had to make new friends I slowly started drinking. My housemates used to drink a lot and I thought that at least I'm not at the same as them. One of them said once that drinking five to six beers a day isn't even considered alcoholic. Back then I thought that no you're wrong it is. Now after roughly two years I'm at the same point. It horrified me first when I drank my first 24 pack in a weekend. Then it slowly crept up on me and I started to drink more and more. First year wasn't too bad. I only mainly drank at weekends maybe sometimes on weekdays but not regularly. I still drank almost every single weekend. Then I had army service and it meant that every time I get out from the barracks I'm getting drunk. I hated that half year of my life and I guess that I endured it mainly because I could drink away my frustration. Then I went back to work. I also started to work out again like I used to before turning 18. But it didn't work out so well. Work was really tiring and it took a lot of effort to go to gym after or before work day. I could keep it up for roughly 2 months. I saw results from gym but I started to drink one or two beers after workout. Soon I stopped going to gym but I still kept drinking those few beers a day. Work was still going well. I was what you would call high functioning alcoholic. I even got promoted but it only led to more tiring work days. I started to drink more and more. Soon I drank a lot. I quit that shitty job in december and went to school like I had planned 2 years ago. I felt that work was killing me slowly. Too bad that I didn't really cut back on drinking. Student parties were great. I started to go there at least once a week. Then of course I kept also drinking on weekends. Soon I was known as that guy who drinks all the time and is at almost every single party. It didn't affect my school at all. One of the best students in my class and I got great grades. Then two months ago I drank way too much and finally did something really stupid. I broke my leg by jumping from way too high and now haven't been able to walk for two months...These 2 months have been a rollercoaster of emotions. The first 2-3 weeks I drank a lot to dull the pain. At that moment I also started to really realize my problems. Alcohol makes me a lot more social and outgoing. That's why I kept on drinking. While sober I struggle to keep the conversation going but while drunk I can talk all the time. Yesterday after downing two beers I realized that I really love beer but I also have to stop drinking it or cut down it to a few times a year. It was also a shock to realize that I'm only 20 years old this moment and I have no idea what else to do on weekends except drink. Like people have hobbies and they do things they enjoy with their friends and SO...Because I broke my leg and haven't been able to go anywhere for the last 2 months I also realized that I don't really have anyone who I can call real friend. We only got together to drink and that's it. If the only thing you do together with your friends is drinking they aren't really your friends. At least I got deserted pretty fast and actually I'm happy about it. Now I don't have them anymore to drag me down to the bottom of the bottle. Now I have to find ways to find new real friends with whom I can hang out without alcohol...I also haven't had girlfriend for last 2 years since I moved out from home. My health has gone to shit I kept on eating fast food and on many days I only drank beer so that I don't have to make food. My chest also started to hurt after some drinking sessions. Not eating well staying up long times and drinking a lot were probably the causes. I'm sure that it's not healthy at all...The worst thing is that my drinking is starting to cause financial problems for me. I was supposed to work this summer now I have already missed out 2 months paychecks. I had job lined for me but then me being stupid ruined that chance for me. I can still pay next months rent but the next after that I have to tap on to my savings account or sell my stocks which I bought. I also have to complete job training this summer and now I have to do it at a place where I don't get paid at all...I have been at breaking point so many time these past 2 months but I have been finally able to cut back on drinking at least a little. I was sober for a around 5 days before drinking yesterday and I could keep it at only three beers. Which is a great achievement for me. But fuck I really need to change my habits pick up some new hobbies meet new friends and start to live healthier. Otherwise I will be in grave soon. 2 weeks and my ligaments should be strong enough so that I can start walking. That's also when I start my job training.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your post. That's lot for anyone and you're only 20!  It sounds like you're ready to "get busy living" (from the movie Shawshank Redemption).  Welcome to sd! ..I wish I could have realized that I needed to stop drinking when I was 20. Oh well. The Daily Check In is a great help for many of us. Hope to hear from you a lot. Good luck!
It sounds to me like you are doing a lot of great self-analysis and thinking about the little that alcohol plays in your life. From what you say it sounds like alcohol is a problem in your life although only you can decide that...I was thinking about your comment about not having any real friends. I found that having a lot of drinking buddies meant that I didn't have room to develop real friendships. When I got sober I started branching out to people and social situations that didn't involve drinking and that was really helpful in decreasing my feelings of isolation and loneliness...I was also thinking about your comment on cutting back your drinking. For me attempting to moderate was a failure. And I tried for years. I found a lot more freedom with total abstinence I wasn't obsessing about alcohol like I did when I was attempting to moderate. I'm not saying that this is your experience I'm just reflecting on my own...I appreciate your post. It gave me an opportunity to pause and reflect on my own experience and share my own experience which may or may not be helpful to you. I wish you the best.
Today I went to recycle all those cans and bottles which have been piling up in my apartment. 170 bottles and cans of beer! Also two liter bottles of whiskey. That's a lot for around two months. My liver must be screaming for mercy. It's really time to stop drinking and start making better choices in life.
&gt; Alcohol makes me a lot more social and outgoing. That's why I kept on drinking. While sober I struggle to keep the conversation going but while drunk I can talk all the time. ..This really hits home for me. I started drinking when I was 15 and it turned me from a shy awkward kid into the life of the party. Or so I thought. It's a little embarrassing now to look back on. Alcohol was a crutch for me for years...All I can tell you is that as I aged I got better at talking to people I don't know well. Probably something about how the older you get the less you give a damn what people think. ..Since you're in college I'm sure there are a variety of clubs you could join to meet new people. Finding a group of people that shares your interests makes it a lot easier to find something to talk about.  Just my 2 cents.
