-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pdsvb/being_a_recovering_alcoholic_while_managing_a/

...Let me tell you this shit is not easy...So I manage the liquor license at work. Luckily we're not a bar (we're a nonprofit that puts on an educational happy hour event) so it's not like I'm around alcohol 24/7. Most of my job has to do with fundraising and marketing. So thankfully most of the time I'm thinking about conservation the environment and cute animals...But I'm in charge of ordering all alcohol for this happy hour event weddings fundraisers etc that we have here. I also do some informal bartending at these events. ..This week I am doing research on local craft breweries that we can partner with to do a series of promotional beers highlighting our cause. So I'm looking up their websites Facebook pages etc. And of course they have high-resolution photos of delicious beers with names like "Raspberry Oatmeal Stout". Sigh...For those of us who have to deal with alcohol in any way at our jobs  - how do you cope with the cravings? I find I'm pretty resolved when alcohol or depictions of it aren't around - but when the thing is either all over my computer screen or physically sitting in front of me?..TL; DR - Doing research about craft breweries for work today which inevitably involves lots of "beer porn". Struggling to cope when it all looks so delicious! What are your strategies when having to deal with alcohol at work?
----------immediate responses--------

Every time I walk into a bar I admit to myself that it presents at least a tiny risk to my life - maybe on the order of riding a bike without a helmet. If the event is important enough and I feel like I'm in a pretty good place I'll go. But I know that just because I ride 5000 miles without a head injury that doesn't mean the risk is gone...Can you delegate these duties? Is there someone at work in whom you can confide so they can provide some support and accountability?
I saw it as business. Dollars. Names were just like the bullshit names on Old Spice: it's all marketing and gimmicks. It helped me. ..
I am a waitress pretty unrelated to your job but honestly I've noticed how /few/ people order alcohol so in a weird sense it's helped me. If they do order alcohol they have two MAX. Realizing how ridiculous I was when I would go out to eat and order four drinks... But I do carry it around/pour it all the time. Doesn't bother me for some reason?
I believe at two weeks sober it's a normal reaction in my experience I can definitely say the cravings went away slowly but surely a bit more every week. I'd say in a month you'll probably be fine doing the same thing. Those hipstery names always make me laugh all I needed as a name when I was drinking was "Beer" lol.
