-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pm1rb/it_began_with_5_wordsi_will_not_drink_today/

It amazes me that my brain could wrap itself around those 5 words. I tried for years to say 'today is the day I quit'. Then I drank. Now I just commit to today. Today only. Today I wake and pledge not to drink. I visit SD each morning and night to read encouraging stories be encouraged when I'm struggling or to encourage others. Maybe someday I won't need daily encouragement. But today I do. And for that I'm thankful. Now look at me. Look at you!! We are doing this one day at a time. I will not drink today....with all of you. 39995 of us plus all the lurkers and those who have yet to find SD will not drink today. Yes!.I had an anxiety-filled week and made it through. It's Friday people! A day I used to fear and love all the same. The day I could drink all I wanted but didn't WANT to drink all I wanted. I wanted to quit but I kept drinking. Today Friday's are just a day where I get to sleep in the following day. Yes!..Have a great one! Today I'm spending the day being thankful for 5 little words that got the ball rolling.   
----------immediate responses--------

That's beautiful. Enjoy the extra sleep my friend.
Probly not the most accurate. I was likeninthaccount or something yesterday. I've changes names about 4 or 5 times since quitting. Day like 579 or something. Keep going! :)
Absolutely. The daily pledge has been the biggest factor in me stringing 174 days together without a drink...What used to be something I used in a 'but you made a promise' kind of way is now made with more self-confidence...I know hand on heart I will not drink today and I'm proud to say so with conviction...Thank you for your post. To show my gratitude I'll not drink with you today.
Can you believe it?  You found that inner resource.
Writing those five little words in the Daily Check-In started it all for me.  Yes there's real magic in those words.  .I join you all in saying I will not drink TODAY!
It's a journey worth taking. It's funny how learning to manipulate the brain can make things in life so much more tolerable eh?..I run a LOT. I didn't when I was drinking. My mantra? "I will run one more mile."
Yep. Those words are so powerful. Feels like I'm speaking to my soul and making a promise while laying down a challenge to myself which makes my competitive nature kick in. ..NBA Hall of Famer Chris Mullin knows what's up: http://www.si.com/vault/1992/03/30/126232/in-a-golden-state-four-years-after-entering-alcohol-rehab-the-warriors-chris-mullin-is-in-control-of-his-life----and-his-game
Love it! I 100% agree with you. It has been the daily check-ins the support of SD troops and the time is actually flying by. This week has felt longer than usual but it is Friday and I have the best plans of lazing around and watching movies. .I will not drink with you today! 
Yes. I'm going to spend the day being thankful for the power in those 5 little words. I will not drink today... with you. :)
you're kicking ass Mom!!! :)
Fifty-four days of getting better. I'm happy for you. I will gladly not drink with you today on this scariest day *payday!*
Yes!  So simple but so profound.  Great job mama!
Couldn't agree more! I will not drink with you today! 
I've never been on Reddit before this is my first post. I'm coming here today because I need help. I want to not drink today. Reading your post made me teary. I want to be this strong today!
Love this!!
awesome post mom!
Well said Mom.  Happy Friday -- any games on the horizon?
I am not drinking today no matter what!
Well said Momwhoruns! The daily check-in and this 5 word pledge  has kept me from picking up that first drink more times than I can count.  Hope you have a great sober week-end and I'll gladly not drink alcohol with you today!
