-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ppf11/hi_im_new_and_i_need_some_help/

So I've always been more of a lurker on reddit than a big contributor and I made a new account to start posting to this sub and kind of start over since that's what I need to do in all areas of my life it seems..To keep it short I have struggled with drug and alcohol abuse for years now. It has deeply and negatively affected my life relationships and all aspects of my life for a long time now. I have stopped and started recovery so many times I've lost count but I can't seem to stay on track for more than 30 days. I had 18 days sober until a couple weeks ago and I have been off the wagon hard and I am slipping back into the same destructive patterns and it is starting to affect my romantic relationship and everything else again. I feel so guilty for fucking up and very very alone. I work in a bar setting and have easy access to alcohol and drugs and really do not have a support system. I love my friends but they actively encourage my drinking and drug abuse even though they know I have a problem and cannot be moderate. My boyfriend is wonderful but he is tired of dealing with my heavy drinking and the intense emotional shit storm that occurs when I'm drunk. My health is seriously affected and he is legitimately terrified I will die because of my habits and stays constantly stressed out over me. I feel so much happier and healthier when I am sober but I just can't seem to keep my demons away. I would really love some support from people who get it and can hold me accountable for my shit. So hi. Here I am. Day one again. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! Getting to know people on SD and making myself accountable on here in my early sobriety was a big help to me. I actually posted almost every day of my 1st 90 days sober and I *said* I was going to do that. I knew people would notice if I stopped posting which created accountability...I also went to an AA meeting most days of my 1st 90 days sober. I wasn't a big fan of AA early on and I'm not super active at the moment but it was really helpful to me. For one thing just meeting people in person who shared my struggles helped. And I think talking about them out loud was a *massive* help in really acknowledging my problem with alcohol and some issues I have in my life that are related to it. Because it's a lot more complicated than "just don't drink alcohol" (even though it all really comes down to "just don't drink alcohol." Like I said it's complicated!) ..I don't have any strong feelings about AA now - I go to meetings occasionally. I might go more in the future I might not. It's not a cult and there's no commitment. Like SD it's there to be used however people want to use it to get and stay sober. When I was feeling isolated in dealing with my drinking problem it really helped me and I'm grateful it was there. It took me a while to find meetings that I like and I found some that I really liked by posting over on my SD local sub (/r/SDChicago - the best local sub 'cos we have monthly meetups and cupcakes.)..I also had to get really honest with my husband about how bad my drinking was and tell him about the stuff he didn't know about. That was hard but I think essential - trying to quit while still protecting my drinking by hiding it didn't work for me. ..People do get sober working in bars and liquor stores and other booze heavy environments. It's hard but I've heard people with long term sobriety talk about doing it. It might help to draw a line in the sand and be clear with coworkers that you quit drinking. It also might help to think about other job options...Please post and let us know how you're doing we're rooting for you!
We are here for you.  Have you tried meetings?  They can be very helpful.  The ones I've been to were very inspiring and supportive.
Hey /u/alittlewitchbitch did I ever share the [Baby Steps post with you?](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) Those simple actions work for me on Day 1 Day 31 Day 2501.  
i'm glad you're here. i support your openness and first huge step to sobriety. i also am pretty new; almost a week now. before i would usually only be able to not drink for a few days in a row And i can relate to the many relapses and resets that my BF and family have had to deal with...keep posting these people are great here. SD has helped alot.
[removed]
I too proved to myself that I could not get sober on my own.  That meant I needed to get help.  Once I had that moment of clarity and began taking action to find help my recovery began.  My family reached out to someone they new had gotten sober.  I talked with him and followed his suggestions.  Best wishes to you in latching on to the help you need.
Hi there glad you're here. I really find SD a supportive environment. Reading about others' experiences on here I draw a lot of inspiration seeing people with more time than me leading lives they feel good about...My husband has also quit so we are supportive of each other too...I have also found SMART a very helpful resource. It's a recovery strategy based on CBT and REBT. They don't offer face to face meetings in my area but they offer several online meetings every day of the week. In both voice and text format. They also have a forum and offer many useful worksheets on the "Toolkit" page of their website...I prefer the SMART meeting format to AA because it provides a forum to discuss the CBT concepts and learn how other people apply them. It's logical and practical which for me has provided a good structure to analyze my thought and behavior patterns...I have learned that using alcohol was a choice I made every day and that I don't have to make that choice anymore...You're in good company here on SD!.
