-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pw19y/there_are_those_too_who_suffer_from_grave/

I just celebrated 6 months of sobriety. That was huge and I should be extremely happy about that but of course my BPD is telling me otherwise. I have an extreme fear of falling back into the person I was before I stopped drinking. I have been told that what I am feeling is a healthy fear but still that doesn't take away my anxiety around the situation. That was such a dark dark place and I thought by now things would be less of a roller coaster with my emotions. I guess what I am most afraid of is relapsing because my symptoms are coming back. I don't know if I have grown enough to deal with those feelings. I am not sure I can forgive myself if I was to relapse. I don't know if I would even survive a relapse. There is so much that is in the unknown. All I know is I do not want to pick up a drink as my solution. I have no idea what my point of this post was. I just needed to vent about where I have been at for the past week or so. 
----------immediate responses--------

Let it out and congratulations on 6 months!!!
One day at a time.  Today don't relapse.  Let tomorrow become today and repeat.  Don't get too far ahead of yourself emotionally either.  Six months is awesome and you got here.  Keep going.
Congratulations on six months but moreover hi I have also been having really severe anxiety for a few weeks (since the Orlando attacks) and the strength and persistence of the symptoms also has me in a similar place with a fear of relapse.  Rationally I know that all I have to do is not have the first drink but it's scary to feel like my neurochemistry is working against me.  It's also hard to cope with the severe anxiety without an "off switch" option even though I know it's so much better to cope using healthier strategies...I know anxiety is not exactly the same as BPD and it sounds like the object of our anxiety is different but still I'm with you in shitty dysfunctional-fear-response-system land.  I wish that nobody else had to feel this way but in a way it's nice to know that there's someone else out there in a similar place.  &lt;3
What are you doing to treat your bpd? I know there's no magic fix but I am the same way treating my mental illness must come first for my sobreity. I get really judgmental and tell myself "you've been sober x ammount of time you shouldn't be feeling this way."  I have no idea where I was going with this.but I can relate to a lot of what you wrote. I kind of have to take my mental illness one day at a time also. I have times when I feel like I'm getting worse (at 5 years I still struggle with sleep among other things) and I get really down hearted. The best thing for me was being able to talk to others about what I was going through. I think bc mental illness is so taboo it's easy to convince myself that theres something wrong with me specifically - but whenever I bring it up with others with similar diagnosis I realize a lot of people are going through the same thing as me. 
[deleted]
When I stopped drinking working on my feelings and their attendant effects was important and is still important today.....years after not consuming any alcohol...For me that's where working on my "stuff' such as pride fear anger resentments guilt impatience and others is invaluable.   While I don't drink I continue to work the other 11steps regularly.  ..All humans have this "stuff" whether they drink or not.  ..Anyway that's my observation for you...Just for Today I don't Drink with You.
Post as much as you want! No reason needed... I've noticed that there are a fair share of us on here with clinical mental health issues (myself included) and personally reading the struggles of others helps me to feel like I'm not alone in this. I don't know you but I am encouraged by your willingness to post about your fears and anxieties. I have many of the same. Stay strong! 
I'm so glad you shared. Congratulations on the 6 months! You know whenever I heard that read I thought to myself well s*** I have bipolar perhaps I can't get well! It was scary actually to hear those words. Now I look at how much better I am managing my illness now that I'm sober. Thank you for reminding me of something I used to be so terrified of which now I have tremendous gratitude for. The opportunity to recover not only in sobriety but other parts of myself as well. Pretty awesome!
Congrats on 6 months! Good on you for not wanting to pick up - you got this!
