-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pwnne/my_story_anyone_going_through_something_similar/

First off I want to say that this place has been invaluable for me. It's made me realize how vital it is to hear that people are going through the same thing as you and have made it out. I feel the need to share because it's kind of a catharsis and also because I'm kind of struggling at the moment...My situation:.I'm not sure I'd consider myself an alcoholic but 5 months ago I stopped drinking because I realized I had developed a severe dependency on alcohol. I was getting drunk pretty much every night for 2 months and before that maybe drunk 3 times a week for the last year. It was so easy. Every time I had to deal with some normal human emotion like sadness I would drink and it would go away. I was definitely in denial. I made myself believe I was a casual. Not sure exactly why the revelation came nothing dramatic happened. I just felt like shit from the previous night and I decided to not drink and just go to sleep. Didn't sleep the entire night. That's when it dawned on me that I had a problem...I decided to stop altogether. I went through the usual withdrawals insomnia sweating anxiety depression flu symptoms panic attack. It was actually the first time I ever thought seriously of suicide. Such a terrible hopeless place. Worst of it definitely was limited to a week or ten days. After that it was mainly the constant exhaustion and extreme moodiness not to mention my face constantly looked like absolute death. A couple months pass and I feel pretty good overall. Energy up. Moodiness not as extreme...This is where I think my story starts to differ from people here. I said I'm not sure I'm an alcoholic. And that's because when I first started drinking I never felt that compulsion (Years later is when I started binging.) And now after quitting I don't struggle with cravings. I know the AA mindset is very black and white that you cannot ever drink casually if you've had a problem. But I started drinking casually. I drink with friends occasionally get a little buzz and stop. Sometimes I get drunk. But I've never had the compulsion to go wild with it again to make it a nightly routine...Anyways I guess why I'm writing this is that currently of all my withdrawal symptoms the moodiness has never really gone away completely. I've never had depression before in my life. But some days I feel so fucking sad for no justifiable reason. I know people are going to tell me to completely eradicate alcohol from my diet but I feel like my relationship with the stuff has gone back to normal. But I feel like I'm still recovering from the damage to my brain from my binging days like my emotional stability is so fragile. Is it normal to feel this way 5 months out? Has anyone gone through something similar? Fuck I just want to feel like my old self...That's pretty much the gist of it. I feel self conscious posting this. Maybe I'm stupid for not quitting completely. Maybe I'm just wondering if anyone connects with story wants to say something back. Thanks for reading really..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry that I can't relate exactly or offer advice from experience.   The only thing that I can say is that alcohol is sometimes a huge magnifier for emotions for me when I'm feeling fragile and sometimes an anesthetic. No telling which that's one of the myriad reasons that I've decided to cut it out completely.   I don't need the unpredictability in my life.  Hope you find your answers.   &lt;3 Lots of love!
Your alcohol choices are yours alone.  I hear you talking about your 'emotional experience' e.g. Moodiness...When I stopped drinking working on my feelings and their attendant effects was important and is still important today.....years after not consuming any alcohol...For me that's where working on my "stuff' such as pride fear anger resentments guilt impatience and others is invaluable.   While I don't drink I continue to work the other 11steps regularly.  ..All humans have this "stuff" whether they drink or not.  ..Anyway that's my observation for you...Just for Today I don't Drink with You.
I guess I'm different from you in that I've always known at some level that I was an alcoholic.  BUT what you're describing is my drinking when I was young.  I didn't have to drink every night but I'd sometimes go through streaks of binges where I could really put it away.  But then I would stop for several days or a week or (when I put my mind to it) a month or more.  Or I wouldn't stop completely but I'd only get drunk on the weekends.  I could go out for a nice time without getting wasted.  I was pregnant with my son in my mid-20s and I went the pregnancy without drinking.  After he was born I'd drink here and there and only once or twice did I drink to excess when he was a baby.  My point is that for me it took a long time for everything to go downhill and even then I was never sleeping on a park bench.  Never got a DUI.  Never lost a job from alcohol.  But by the time I got sober in my  mid-40s I was living a life of dreary dependence trying to string together a few days sober here and there and I was so miserable and desperate for change that I had to quit.  Completely...I'm not going to tell you you're an alcoholic; that's for you to say.  All I'm saying is that you don't need to consistently "go wild" with it for it to be an issue in your life.  It doesn't have to be a nightly routine.  For me it took nearly a quarter of a century of trying to control it sometimes successfully mostly not and now that I've stopped completely life is a much better place partly for the feeling of freedom from dependence and the time and energy that have accompanied that partly for the health benefits and partly for the relief that I just don't have to play that fucking game of control with myself anymore. I honestly don't know whether you're playing a game with yourself whether or not you're really an addict who's going through the kind of "remission" that I used to experience but I thought you might benefit from hearing from someone who's been there.  ..In terms of mood I'm not going to lie to you that everything is a bed of roses emotionally now.  It's not.  I suffer from anxiety and I see a therapist and I *still* have nights where I lay awake with dread that winds up dissipating after whatever big problem I think I have works itself out the next day.  I still snap at my kids sometimes.  I'm not a perfect human being.  But it is so much better now.  I don't wake up in the morning hating my life.  I don't feel trapped and miserable all the time.  
Have you considered seeing a therapist? Perhaps you have some underlying depression issues that you were attempting to self-medicate with alcohol. Removing the alcohol without replacing it with other coping mechanisms may have brought the depression to the fore...For me personally I started seeing a therapist several months before I stopped drinking. He really helped me gain perspective on some of my issues. Then I stopped drinking and I feel even better now. It's amazing to be on a more even keel. I feel like I really needed someone "professional" to tell me I was having disordered thinking and help me correct it. Not cheap but definitely worth every penny.
