-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pyd9e/what_if_life_isnt_better/

Here I am at 54 days and while the daily decision to not drink has become mostly habit I'm struggling with what my expectations were vs. the reality. Some things are better--my relationship with my husband most of all. But any weight I would have lost I negate by overeating (sugar especially) I've been struggling to complete homework and work because I often used alcohol as a motivator. Most of all it's been very difficult to re-define my identity socially even among close friends. For me social engagements just aren't as fun without booze. There is no more spontaneity in my life. I'm more judgmental and irritable without alcohol. I don't feel like I'm as much fun. Between finishing school house buying work exercise husband etc. I do not have time for hobbies but we do have a robust social group of various kinds of drinkers. We're in the midst of buying a house too so life is unbelievably stressful. ..There hasn't been a day that has gone by where I've regretted my choice to quit but how do you establish new ways of truly having fun as a release? I'm not talking about exercise or things that help long-term but real fun. I definitely feel more at peace in many ways but I truly feel exhausted by socializing now and I put a lot of pressure on myself to have fun without booze. In reality it just isn't the same and sometimes it just sucks. Has anyone else experienced the same? What did you do to truly have fun without alcohol or even define what fun is?  
----------immediate responses--------

.I like reading and the concentration to read from being sober is a big plus for me. ..But if you're looking for "something social" maybe a good start is to ponder joining a club for something because then the activity is the glue that kickstarts half of your conversations before the "how is X in your life going"? ..So for example right now I think I just decided to go visit Bryant Park in NY City where I am to go play speed chess in the park and then I might visit a book store nearby because a friend in my building and I like to read a book or two "in parallel" and chat about it a bit. ..So replying to you just gave me my idea! ..
It took me a while to discover what I enjoy doing. I do find socializing exhausting I'm a natural introvert so I make sure to balance out socializing with me-time. I'm comfortable alone I'm ok spending time with a friend or small group and I like having an activity focus. I truly love hiking and cycling reading a good book. I gave fun playing board games ball games computer games. ..Tl;dr I pretty much have fun in the same way I did as a child :)
I think it comes in time. For awhile you've trained your brain to respond to alcohol with This Is Fun!. without alcohol ... its like you're trying to force that reaction anyway and its not working. It will in time but you gotta rewire those pathways.  I don't know if you'll ever really be an all night rager or anything but you may find that's fine. Who wants to be out all night and into the morning drinking soda waters? ..I find that in my own life there ARE less highs. I'm no longer SUPER PUMPED to go out on friday night or saturday night. By 10 I'm ready to go home and after 11 I'm mad if I'm still out because it means sleeping late and not running in the morning.  I don't really look *forward* to the weekends beyond a chance to catch up on my knitting sleep and running and such. you know normal weekend stuff. I also dont' really dread mondays beyond it being monday because I didn't waste my weekend. There are also a lot less lows. Less waking up not being sure what you said/did last night. Less feeling like shit on a saturday morning. Less brittle silence from my boyfriend because he's pissed I overdrank. again. I feel Pretty Okay all the time which is probably the best I can do without some sort of upper.  .. It hit me like a lightening bolt walking up out of the path station one day after work: I feel stable. I didn't realize how much my moods fluctuate week to week but they did. I was either super excited/apprehensive looking forward to my next night out or whatever or ashamed upset feeling like shit coming down off that I Am So Glamorous With My Cosmo binge. Not too often was I ever Pretty Okay. I'm not bi polar (...well. as far as I know) but thats how it *feels* looking back. Like being strapped into a rollercoaster I was always either going up cresting or diving. Now .. there's less up but there's less down too. and thats okay. ..As for being more social have you looked into joining a meetup? you can find one on almost any interest you may have and often times those things aren't booze centric (or  at least they have clubs that aren't). Like I'm in a knitting meetup and we do often meet up at bars but since we're all there to knit (and knitting takes utmost focus even a single glass of wine and I often fuck up which just irritates me) no one thinks its weird I just order soda water.
There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. I didn't know how to build a happy sober life on my own. Therapy and AA gave me the necessary tools. 
&gt;finishing school house buying work..These three things together never mind the husband &amp; exercise are exhausting and a huge time suck.  I've been there and it was a pain in the ass and no fun at all. It does get better you just have to hang in there until you graduate and are settled in your new home. "Work exercise and husband" is a much more doable combination and gives you a lot more time to be happy and pursue your own interests.  In the meantime just focus on ways to manage your stress and take care of yourself (e.g. yoga meditation adult coloring books calming tea pedicures!)...That said I second what everyone else says about finding something that interests you and pursuing it in a club or social context. It's a great way to meet people with a shared interest that is not drinking.
I totally relate to that feeling! It helps me to try new things/challenge myself to do stuff that gets me out of my comfort zone.  I.E I'm really shy sometimes so pushing myself to be friendly. ..Activity-wise sometimes I get a water gun and ambush the kids in my neighborhood on a hot day which I find hilarious and they don't seem to mind either.  ..It takes time it's taking ME time - last time I had about two months I felt a lot like you are feeling. For me shaking things up was key. Like someone else said it's more than just removing alcohol it's about developing new habits/neural pathways.  Good luck! : ) 
well maybe you shouldn't be socializing. Once you stop drinking you change that said as for me I need to give myself some time to sync because now me as person is changing but the things I used to do well I am still trying to hold on to them. Newish me trying to do oldish things I think thats why the frustration sets in because of the miss match if you know what I mean. I haven't sync myself yet with new things..Why frustration is good? because as longest I dont allow myself to drink eventually I will find new things thanks to frustration that will always be there to push me..Now about chasing the dragon. Its natural that I will try to seek out the high maybe its a way of coping and having some comfort after all there needs to be a period for grieving. Its ok to grieve it leads to acceptance.
It sounds to me like you're just rediscovering yourself again.
What you are posting about are legitimate questions and concerns but what I noticed was where you are in your journey about 2 months and I remember having really similar thoughts and feelings at this point. It's like all the awesomeness of early sobriety was gone and I was left with having to figure out the rest of my life. I had to come up with new ways of doing things and it was really scary. I questioned who I was and I think actually went through an existential crisis that I avoided in early adulthood because I was so smashed...I just wanted to comment that these thoughts and feelings feel really normal at least in my experience because sobriety isn't pretty profound change. At least it was for me.
