-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4pyngw/ive_done_the_30_60_90_day_tests_now_what/

To begin with I never was a terribly heavy drinker but I was a daily drinker.  I'd have two & sometimes three 4 ounce glasses of wine every single day.  Toward the end there were a few times I drank between a half & three quarters of a bottle by myself.  Certainly more than what's considered healthy.  So I did the 30 day test.  I decided that I thought about not drinking too much it was too much of a struggle so I continued on another 30 days.  And another and another & now I'm approaching five months without a drop of alcohol.  Except for the half teaspoon of vanilla extract I poured into my coffee this morning.  I don't know if it was the smell or taste of the vanilla extract that got me going but I'd really like a glass of wine.  Not now at 11 AM but maybe tonight.  ..I hear people recommending all the time to take a 30 or 90 day break & then re-evaluate how they feel.  Well what's the answer supposed to be?  How do I know if I feel well enough or in control enough to have a glass of wine?  How does someone pass that test?
----------immediate responses--------

Ask yourself:.How is your life different now from when you were drinking daily?.What benefits have you experienced? What have you been able to do that you weren't able to do when you were spending all that money and time on drinking?..Often "a glass of wine" takes people back to exactly where they were when they considered their drinking enough of a problem to come to this subreddit and try to quit. If it was enough of a problem to try to change your behavior then ask yourself if having that glass of wine would be worth the risk of slipping back to how you were then.
I did 30 60 and 90 days sober. I then went for 120. After then I decided that sober is the best way for me to remain I reached the conclusion that returning to drinking would land me back where I left off sooner or later. I never considered any of those initial milestones as a test as I knew they didn't prove anything to me; that time was useful to me in evaluating my relationship with alcohol and discovering how to live and cope sober.
I don't even want to test myself. I know where it leads. Also my meds are finally working and I'm no longer in a hell of 20+ years of depression. Meds aren't effective if I'm boozing been self medicating for way too long.
Most of us on this sub (perhaps not all but you might want to search "moderation") will tell you there is no such thing as "control".  It takes too much energy to manage "control."  I was sober for over 10 years until I thought I could control my drinking -- I'm back and know that this is my path.  It takes a lot less energy to not drink than to try to control my drinking.  That experience was an abject failure.
Urges or cravings can come from anywhere and they can be related to other sensory effects.  I remember that one of mine early on was cigarette smoke.  I walked out of the subway one morning caught a whiff of cigarette smoke and craved a beer.  At 7:30am...I think that the trap many people fall into is that they abstain from drinking for a period of time feel that they have got this drinking thing under control and then try to reintroduce drinking.  From there they fall into old habits and they relapse.  They then go and say "moderation isn't for me" and they remain abstinent.  Now maybe that's true but solely abstaining from alcohol isn't the answer...From my own experience backed up by a number of people who work in addictions (including the people I volunteer with) addiction is really an illness of the heart.  My drinking was linked to how I viewed myself and how I felt about myself.  I hated myself and wanted people to like me because if they liked me then I could like me.  This seed was planted in me when I was really young when I was bullied as a child and I've carried it with me for over thirty years.  As I found alcohol in my later years it became a coping mechanism for me; it helped me deal with these feelings by allowing me to not feel them.  I drank people accepted me and I felt better about myself.  But did I really?..When I stopped drinking those feelings were left bare and I had to deal with them head on.  I could have ignored them kept motoring ahead and I would have likely relapsed early in my recovery.  But I tackled them head on and have put a LOT of work into myself doing some serious emotional healing over the past three years.  Because I have done this emotional work and healing I'm in a position where I can reintroduce alcohol in limited amounts...I reintroduced alcohol after nine months.  I felt like that was the right time.  I looked at the work I was doing and if I could put myself in a position where I could be successful.  At nine months I was aware of my triggers both superficially as well as some of those underlying ones.  I put up some boundaries as to what was acceptable behaviours and what wasn't and some safety plans around that.  I started small and opened up my boundaries as I felt more comfortable.  I'm not at the point where I can enjoy up to two drinks infrequently.
There's not a "test."  ..Some people decide to go "conduct some more research" about controlled drinking.  Some Dont come back.  Some come back to describe the pain struggles and sometimes horror of "relapse."  ..Some are successful such as U/Gnuhouse.  Of the narratives shared here his success at moderation is not what I usually see posted.  However in fairness to representativeness of statistical sampling it's possible that those who moderate don't come back and announce their success!..The "test" as you write I think would be "what do you want"?
I don't know about your experience past or future but I wasted years of my life trying to get healthy so that I could moderate. Turns out I can't moderate. And since giving up moderation as a goal my life has become so much better. The dream of moderation was a dream my alcoholic self had. It is not the dream of a healthy person. After all alcohol did terrible things to me my relationships etcetera. Why would I want to reintroduce it into my life? Even if there was a chance that I could moderate and I truly don't think there is I would not want to risk the gifts of sobriety. And it took me over a decade to figure that out.
