-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4q2b9z/day_5_head_games/

Five days. .I have now accumulated more sober days in a streak than I have had in this entire year. I have saved $74 dollars according to the quit calculator I'm using and I'm pretty pleased with myself. I will not drink today. ..I'm still coming to terms with using the 'A' word but also by my refusal to use it which makes me kind of a cliche in itself. I'm not the special kind of habitual/compulsive drinker who will be able to revert back to social drinks with pals or moderate. I have never ever in my life been able to moderate. I'm all in (bingeing bulimia alcohol other substances) or all out (starvation sobriety). .. My alcoholic lizard brain is playing games with my logic. Here are a few of the doozies;.-if you keep gaining (or don't lose weight) you can start drinking again. .- if they invent a low calorie low carbohydrate high volume beer you can start drinking again. .- if people buy you drinks you can drink them. You aren't spending money if you aren't buying. ..SHUTTTTTUP BRAIN!..Today was my first day back at work stone cold sober. I had a little bit of anxiety - not unusual and really sweaty feet - which seemed a little odd because it's winter here. My brain feels sluggish and a little laggy. I don't understand how I could write really good quality work whilst drunk (or worse) and then struggle to come up with the word 'construction' for ten minutes whilst sober. ..The headaches are gone but I haven't really eaten well or hydrated well today and this is something that I need to address. I refuse to substitute booze with food and sugar. I cannot gain any more weight. ..I'll be attending my first meeting tomorrow. I'm quite nervous but I think it will help overcome those stupid bargains my brain is trying to make with me. ..Thanks for reading and allowing this safe place to share. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah my alky-brain was loud and clear in early sobriety.  I had to tune it out and remind myself that my only job in the early days SOBER was not to drink TODAY only.  With sustained time sober and recovery meetings I acquired a set of tools to keep my perspective without booze.
Honestly good for you for recognizing when your brain is actively trying to get you to drink. When my brain gets "wiggly" as I call it it can be a crafty manipulative insidious little bugger. AA helps me to recognize when I'm just hearing the siren song of alcoholism between my ears!
Fortunately the most critical operant factor here is unambiguous-- just don't drink! For ANY reason! and for me the corollary: Don't Think!  Don't drink and don't think.  Best advice I ever gave myself.
https://www.ted.com/talks/jill_bolte_taylor_s_powerful_stroke_of_insight?language=en..A bit of a tangent but fascinating and thought-provoking. A neurologist has a stoke loses her ability to speak ( and consequently to have thoughts--verbal thoughts) and loves it.
I have the same issues.  I feel too anxious to do what I need to do and I have a very long list of ways that drinking can be ok.  I haven't figured this stuff out yet and I drank to much last night as a result.  So I guess I just wanted you to know that you are not alone right now.  :)
Just a quick comment about the unusually sweaty feet: I had a massive problem with that when I was drinking and even a few weeks into my sobriety. One of the books I read about recovery said that we are more prone to sweaty feet fungus etc.. Well I tried a few things to get rid of the sweat and odor and found foot-wipes powders and foot sprays. I found that while they made me feel a bit cleaner they (somewhat) masked the odor. So I invested $10 for Arm and Hammer fresh scent foot deodorant spray. It helped a lot but it actually all went away about a month in. Sorry I went off on this topic but I was actually very interested in what you said because I hadn't heard of anyone talking about this before. Congrats on 152 days - and let's get Pedi's to celebrate our path to dry clean non-sweaty feet lol ;)
