-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qgyxg/can_someone_help_me_i_want_to_go_to_aa_but_im/

I want to not drink anymore. I would be happy if i never had another drink again. I hate drinking and i dont know why i do it. Its disgusting. I binge drink and then im left dealing with the consequences of how i acted like a fool got in fights insulted people etc. Ive tried to not drink so many times but i give in eventually. I hate myself when im drunk...Ive been turning to drinking to deal with everything shitty that happens to me for a while now and im just realizing it.  Everytime i have 1 drink it turns into 5 and then a blackout. Why? Why do i do this? I dont want to do this. I hate it its not fun. I hate it...I want to go to AA but should i? How does it work? Will they kick me out because i dont drink every day? I have no idea how any of this works and i dont want to lessen the struggle of people who have it worse than me. ..What do i do? Can someone just please help.
----------immediate responses--------

Someone else will answer your questions but I just wanted to say welcome and you are definitely not alone!   Good luck.  
[removed]
[deleted]
According to the traditions of AA the only requirement for membership is the desire to stop drinking. I am a member and definitely didn't drink every day. I was welcomed with open arms and it has entirely changed my life for the better. What I found was a very diverse group of people - from every walk of life - who understood the insanity of drinking in spite of all of the negative things that you describe. The people that I met were able to offer me real life strategies for first putting down alcohol and second living life as the person that I want to be. Best of luck! Let us know how it goes!
The only requirement for AA is a desire to stop drinking. See the sidebar in /r/alcoholism for an explanation about meetings. 
Everyone is scared to go to their first meeting.  I know I was.  Nothing will be expected of you.  People will understand if you choose not to say a single word.  You don't have to introduce yourself as an alcoholic.  Believe me everyone in that room has been in your shoes and will have nothing but compassion for you.  My goal was just to walk in the room and sit in a chair.  Walk in a room and sit in a chair.  Anyone can do that...The AA book says "the only requirement for AA membership is a desire to stop drinking."  We generally don't ask each other about how much/how often we drank.  It's understood that everyone there just wants to stop drinking...Here's a very helpful [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholism/comments/2v573a/the_where_why_and_what_should_i_expect_at_my/) that u/coolcrosby often shares.  It explains what you can expect at your first meeting...
This is [a link to a post from the /r/alcoholism sidebar about the nuts-and-bolts of a first AA meeting.](https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholism/comments/2v573a/the_where_why_and_what_should_i_expect_at_my/) Welcome to /r/stopdrinking as well.
Welcome. AA meetings are great; you really don't have to do anything except show up.
&gt; I want to go to AA but should i? How does it work? Will they kick me out because i dont drink every day? I have no idea how any of this works and i dont want to lessen the struggle of people who have it worse than me...It doesn't cost anything to show up and nobody will toss you out unless you're an obnoxious jerk. I'd suggest looking at your local schedule pick out three meetings in three different locations within the span of a week and check them out...Every meeting is different and full of people who are trying to ask the same questions you are. Some are just a bit closer to the answers. ..AA is full of people who drank to different excesses. The one thing in common is that they want to stop and they want their lives to get better. Who wouldn't want to be around that kind of crowd!? 
Believe it or not you're in a really good place right now. It took me way too long to truly accept that about myself. Paradoxically it was accepting my lack of control over alcohol that forced me to reach out for help (like you're doing now) which has enabled me to reclaim my life  to regain control in a sense.  ..As others have said the only requirement for AA is a desire to stop drinking. Congrats you qualify! There is no threshold of drinking that you need to meet. A huge range of drinking patterns are represented there and you'll fit right in. The first few meetings will be awkward but stick it out. (I'm still in the sticking-it-out process myself.) You should know that there are certain AA  rituals.  Some examples: the same passages from the AA  Big Book  are read at the beginning of every meeting; before anyone speaks they introducing themselves by saying  I'm [FirstName] and I'm an alcoholic  and then everyone in the room says  Hi [FirstName] ; they'll probably ask new people to raise their hand or something; there's much talk about a generic  higher power.  It takes some getting used to but the benefits overwhelm the weirdnesses (and it turns out that there is some legit purpose behind most of it). ..You asked  Why do I do this?  I can't tell you how many times I've asked myself the same. Until recently that question left me feeling weak flawed worthless helpless and hopeless. But the truth is that some people's brains (including mine and likely yours) respond differently to alcohol. There's all kinds of fancy neuroscience behind this and it's why many people consider alcoholism a  disease.  Whatever you want to call it the point is that it is not your  fault  (just like having a gluten allergy is not one's fault) and you're not a bad person. On the contrary based on your post you seem like a pretty great person. You clearly have self-respect and care about others' wellbeing given that you don't want to act like a fool get into fights or insult people. You also have the insight to recognize your alcohol problem as well as the courage to own its consequences and to seek help. 
Every body is nervous and most of the time It ends up being a huge relief
You can always call up your local AA office and ask for a ride.  They may be able to have someone take you so you don't have to go alone.  This is service work for others and helps them stay sober as well.  I actually like doing it.
Just to let you in on a little secret the first AA meeting I went to I was so scared to walk in that I just sat in the parking lot for the length of the meeting!  .I did actually go inside the next meeting and everyone was very friendly and seemed to sense I was a newbie but it was all good!  .Also all meetings seem to have their own 'flavor'.  If you don't like one keep going to others.  I'm not crazy about BigBook meetings but I love 11th-step and speaker meetings.  Go to a few until you find one you like.  .Good luck to you and I hope to see you around!
This is a huge change for you and of course it's going to be scary. The good news is; you're probably not going to die because of this. Now that you've taken the first of many (be it twelve a hundred or five thousand) steps towards sobriety the hardest part is over. Really! Be proud of yourself!..You're going to feel shitty about a whole bunch of stuff for a while. You're gonna have weird cravings stupid dreams and a lot of self doubt. That's OK because it's normal. You may get one or all of them and in varying degrees of severity. You might also view encouragement with suspicion or you might try and downplay how awesome not drinking is. I did and I was wrong...AA is just one of many help groups that are available to you so if it doesn't work out don't feel like you've failed. Depending on your withdrawal symptoms it might be worth your while to consider treatment (this is there the "probably" in "probably not going to die" comes in. bad withdrawals can put you at risk.)..Someone linked /u/coolcrosby's first steps which is good. Follow these steps. Take things day-by-day or moment-by-moment if you have to. Play the tape forward. Think about what could be if you do/do not drink. Follow that to the next morning...Before long you'll start feeling better. You'll sleep better. Your stomach will stop hurting and you'll actually *poop* normally. [Check In](http://is.gd/afsucks) daily and [get yourself a badge!](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/)..Welcome to /r/stopdrinking friend! I'm going to not drink with you today.
This is my first post on SD after lurking for about six days. I just wanted to say: I went to my first AA meeting on Monday evening - and of course I was scared. But people introduced themselves to me outside of the venue sensing that I was new (well they deserve no prizes for guessing that!) and they could not have been nicer. I felt welcomed within minutes....Like you I'm a binge drinker. I don't have a dramatic rock-bottom experience to point to but I do have years of drinking too much years of depression years of regret....I found my virgin AA experience great. And I'll be going to another meeting tomorrow after not drinking at all this week....As someone who has had a very secular upbringing I found the preamble before and after the meeting a little overwhelming (not overwhelming in a bad way - just overwhelming; I don't think there are any atheist or agnostic AA meetings in my area although it's definitely something I intend to ask about) - but the core of the meeting was so positive and so helpful that I have no real complaints....If anything I am enormously grateful for the experience. The stories the sharing the support it was all fantastic....Your reasoning about not wanting "to lessen the struggle of people who have it worse than me" while admirable will not be a concern trust me on this. And I think you will meet a lot of people like yourself who while never having hit a definitive "bottom" knew nonetheless that they wanted to work toward a booze-free life. (Heck I'm going to go out on a limb and say that these people may be in the majority. In any case what was great about the AA meeting I went to was the sheer diversity of it with the alcoholic spectrum represented in a way that felt oddly heartening.)...Anyway I hope you do go to a meeting. And if/when you do tell us what you thought of it!..
Not only will AA not kick you out but we will welcome you like a brother - which you are. Big hug - you are not alone!
I havent been to many meetings. There have been ones where I didnt talk or someone else didnt talk. It was no biggie. It was chill.
I like to go drink the free coffee and bum cigarettes from people. yes I am that guy
[removed]
I was an absolute mess the first time that I walked into a meeting but when I left I was so happy that I had gone. I was finally in a room full of people that understood me and who were telling me my own story. There are other support groups and programs available if AA isn't your cup of tea but give it a try. 
Take it from someone who sat in their car for far too long trying to work up the guts to go in: it's not that bad. My fears were overblown and everyone was totally cool about it. They've all been there too and remember what it was like.
