-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qk05q/struggling/

Hey guys Im coming up on seven months sober and for the first time in a few months ive been struggling a bit. I dont know why. im feeling restless irritable and discontent. I dont want to pick up because I know where that will lead me but I wanted to get that out there. if anybody has words of advice/encouragement I would really appreciate it...Update: its been 24 hours since I posted this and I just wanna say thanks everyone! "this too shall pass" and it has. I'm feeling a bit better. feeling grateful for this opportunity at a totally new life that ive been making for myself and I can't forget how far i've come. Its hard to believe how much i've grown in the past (almost) 7 months.
----------immediate responses--------

as someone who could be in a place of sobriety and has repeatedly given in to whims I am so proud of you! it is human to feel restless irritable and discontent. those feelings won't go away even if you drink. "maybe it doesn't get better but YOU get better." 
No advice but thanks for the post. Having a harder time than usual myself. Stupid bc I'm not anxious whether I'll drink. But my mind is going there starting the conversation. ..Not a coincidence that 'things at home' have been a bitch lately and Ive fallen off w exercise again. ..I'm in counseling to treat my alcoholism. It's been no help yet bc the first three sessions are all evaluation. I'm barely patient bc I appreciate the methodical approach...Anyway are you in counseling? Do you do meetings / support groups? Can help as so many here attest...Something that encourages me is listing the things I can now do well - mindfully efficiently etc. - that I did poorly or not at all when I was drinking too much. A lot of these are he details of life small things that I'm happy to recognize as moments in life that 'count.' Gave myself permission in the old days to de-value many interactions. 
I would just remember day 1 and why I decided to quit. Take it a day at a time during the hard days. The more time you have to think about not drinking the better imo.
Hey....Internet support and hugs!..I have compassion for your struggles...You're successful!  You've got this!  It's a blip.  You've got support...We're here for you!  ..Just for today I don't drink with you.
Unfortunately not every moment/day/phase of life is going to be amazing. But the unpleasant parts never last long if you keep your chin up and try your hardest to see the good in everything. Seven months sober is damn good accomplishment! I try to maintain my focus on what I'm doing right and if really messing up or lacking in something I'm honest with myself and make a correction. You're doing really well and I'm sure you're body/mind must feel a lot better than before! Sending positive vibes your way! Let's not drink today!
