-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qkxhq/two_years_what_happened/

I finally realized that alcohol was smarter than me bigger than me and stronger than me. I saw that I couldn't out-smart it or use force on it. I gave up the fight and walked off the battlefield. I completely let go. ..I'll get my two-year medallion Saturday at my weekly AA meeting. As soon as it's over I'm going to take it to the AA Bank and cash it in for 730 24-hour chips because that's exactly what it amounts to. There have been stressful times like when my wife was in the hospital for a week or like when the drive crashed on the main server at work (it's my job to fix that) but every day I decided not to drink and then didn't drink even if my ass fell off or hair caught fire. That's all there was to it because I'd already let go...Thanks to all for being here and thanks especially to those who relapse and yet still return. I'm familiar with the bewilderment of that and admire your courage. I started the struggle in 1982 hoping I could somehow "reset" back to normal but couldn't see that it was already too late. I lost and I win-- today.
----------immediate responses--------

Lol!! I love your AA bank analogy. Nice job on the 2 years!
Good work! Congrats on the 2 years. Spectacular!
Well done i hope to get to 2 years like yourself
That's great. Congrats.
Nicely done!
Great job. Thanks for sharing and congratulations to you.
&gt;drive crashing on the main server at work..Whenever I go run the tape backups I'm always afraid to see a blinking orange indicator light on one of the drive bays     ..EDIT: Oh yeah! 2 years is awesome. Keep it up!!!
Congratulations on your 2 years of sobriety.
I'm collecting motivational sayings and 'even if my ass fell off or hair caught on fire' is going in. Congratulations on two years. Solid.
Congratulations and well written. 
Congratulations on two years. I always pay attention to your posts because they often contain wisdom.
Congratulations on two years! I celebrate you by not drinking today!
&gt;I saw that I couldn't out-smart it or use force on it. I gave up the fight and walked off the battlefield. I completely let go...YES!  This is where I am arriving and I am so grateful to be internalizing this realization.  Congratulations on your two years and your clear awareness of why there's no point in keeping up the fight.
&gt;I finally realized that alcohol was smarter than me bigger than me and stronger than me. I saw that I couldn't out-smart it or use force on it. I gave up the fight and walked off the battlefield. I completely let go. ..I love how you put this. I'm becoming more convinced that it's not that I concede that I can't eventually win the fight (though logically I know I can't) it's that I'm realizing emphatically it's not a fight worth fighting. The cost is too great and the gain is non-existent. I hope to never return to that battlefield again. Congrats on two years!
Lol hair caught fire good one
