-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qm8fz/relapse_dream/

Hey guys. I dreamt last night that I went out to a restaurant and ordered a bottle of wine and drank it. And then I bought more alcohol and drank it. I don't remember feeling drunk in the dream. Ugh it's the worst feeling waking up after having a dream like that. What do you guys do to get over relapse dreams? 
----------immediate responses--------

Nothing.  I look at it this way... I wouldn't be having relapse dreams if I weren't sober.  So sobriety = relapse dreams = me doing something right.
I'm usually really grateful for the reminder of how good it is to be sober...once I've checked under the bed to make sure there's no bottle!
In my dreams I usually feel SO immensely guilty that it reminds me of why I stopped drinking! I really hate these dreams though they seem so real sometimes!!!
I've been having a lot. They are crazy... Wake up feeling so relieve. Think of it this way... You got to experience a relapse without actually relapsing. As much as I hate them they don't scare me anymore.   
I have a lot of relapse dreams and I know what you mean. I always feel awful/guilty afterward...Here's a way of thinking that helped me accept my relapse dreams: sometimes dreams are a way for us to learn things by experiencing hypothetical situations in our head. So when I have a relapse dream my brain is "trying out alcohol" again in a simulation. The result is that I wake up with real remorse over my brain's experiment. This is my waking mind telling me that I DO NOT WANT TO DRINK. It's telling me I'll regret it if I do...It's really a benefit because you get to go through the whole cycle of shame/remorse and remember how bad it was without actually negatively affecting your life...Hope that helps you feel better!
I had a bad one last night that is hard to shake off...We're not drinking today!..Love your name
I wrote [the post: What do Drinking Dreams Mean? at this link](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2dit1m/what_do_drinking_dreams_mean/) after exchanging emails with dream researchers.  You might find it interesting.
Holy crapI had one last night. I have not had one at all since I stopped drinking. .I wasn't drinking in my dream but could tell that I was heavily intoxicated throughout the dream. I have no idea what the dream was about other than I was completely unable to function. During the dream all I could think was NOOOOOOOOOOO!.Fucking terrible.
I too just had a dream that I took a sip and immediately felt so guilty. I woke up and felt relieved that it was just a dream. 
I found this post after searching for the subject of relapse dreams. I have them still even at almost seven months sober. Sometime I awaken feeling guilty and hungover. I hate it. But...it motivates me strangely to keep going. I'm happy with the choice I've made to stop drinking. Hopefully the dreams diminish with time (I'm told they do for most people) but until they do they serve as a reminder to me to remain vigilant. 
