-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qmkdd/my_creativity_is_back/

Weird... I'm a music producer and have been struggling for many years with creative blocks where I just get stuck and give up on a track. Now I'm proud to say that I have started on what could possibly be the best track I've ever made (in ten years since I started). The flow I've had today is incredible I've worked non-stop on the track for six hours now and felt euphoric about making music which I haven't really done in a long time...I haven't had nine days sober since I don't know when and it's awesome. And I feel better every day. Have a great day people.
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome!..I'm a musician and sometimes writer myself and quitting definitely helped my creativity too. I think I had this idea that booze was helping me be creative but in reality what it mostly did was remove the focus necessary to actually finish creative projects . Like I'd take a couple shots grab the ol' guitar and notebook throw a first draft together take a couple more shots call that first draft good enough then pass out on the couch with Netflix on.
This is super.  ..I'm a fan of all sorts of music with a large 50-year LP CD and iTunes collection across virtually every genre.  But in the two years before I got sober again in 2009--everything left me cold.  Music was simply static or noise.  Sober a short while even noise itself was exciting again.  ..You will see [that our community is also deeply moved](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/music) and strongly connects with music in sobriety.  Welcome aboard...
Fantastic. I've rediscovered my love for music and singing in my car. Isn't it wonderful?
This is great news! I have experienced the same thing and I can tell you if you think it's good now at 9 days just wait until you get further in. It just gets better. :)
Hey poppin to say "samesies". Music producer stuck in a rut after a few failed projects over the years. Had a wonderful reignition of my passion for music. Feeling like I can do anything but if I don't "succeed" I ain't mad.
