-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qnksm/today_is_day_7_this_subreddit_was_the_push_i/

First off thank you for everyone who shares their stories here. Thank you for supporting each other and offering alternatives...Last Friday I was at work with my usual hangover and feeling awful. I needed to change. I found this sub and decided if so many of you could do it it was worth giving it a shot as well...The weekend was weird at first trouble sleeping and having strong cravings made me reach out to many people I am close with. I told them I was not drinking that day...This work week I came home and immediately opened a seltzer can and I realized the work week would be harder than the weekend. But then something awesome happened. I realized I had more free time than I used to. My evenings were longer and I got more enjoyment out of them. ..I know I am not cured I am not free to even have one and I am okay with that. Life began again last Friday for me and I thank everyone here sincerely...To any lurkers here: Make the leap. Today can be the first day in a long time you don't drink. You will thank yourself in the long run...To the regulars here: Keep up the good fight. You are stronger than you realize and are an inspiration to others who struggle.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to SD and congratulations on your sobriety. I will join you in not drinking today.
Congratulations on one week under your belt - that's huge! I know the first week was the hardest for me for sure...You write:.&gt;I realized I had more free time than I used to. My evenings were longer and I got more enjoyment out of them...This is one of my favorite things about sobriety the gift of more time.  You only get one life why spend it in a haze? ..I actually found myself getting bored with all the extra time after a month or so so I made a conscious effort to fill it with things I like (and some exercise which I don't necessarily *like* but ya know it's good for you and all that). ..And you know what? Turns out when you spend your days doing things you enjoy and that are good for you you actually feel way better! Can't believe it took me so long to figure that out.
Welcome to the sober tribe!! :)
Hey 7-day buddy! Let's keep it up! :)
The days get clearer and the nights sleep gets better and better. This is my second 7 day but I know what 31 feels like and I am headed back there now. And beyond.
I love that too!!  I am quite the stickler and always have a list of to do's every day - chores/hobbies/exercise etc - but when I was drinking I would literally be sapped of all energy and inclination - even if I stopped drinking I'd then feel tired and have to carry on or slob about or go to bed (we're taking 6pm too). Now I have time to do the things I'd hoped AND have down time I wake up feeling like a goddamn superhero instead of grumpy and disappointed.
Welcome and congrats on 7 days. Thanks for the words of encouragement to both lurkers and regulars because no matter how many days we have there's always room to hear those inspiring words!
Good job congratulations!
