-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qskbk/went_to_my_first_aa_meeting_last_night_thank_you/

I've posted twice recently regarding my situation. The first was a question relating to AA in the UK. That was a few weeks ago and last night I finally decided to take everyone's advice and attend a meeting and I couldn't be more thankful that I did. I don't think I've ever felt so connected to a group of people and it was my first time. I will definitely be going back and making my way through the 12 steps. I would recommend it to anyone who is currently going at this alone. You might feel like an outcast like me or perhaps that you aren't or weren't as good at being an alcoholic as others. It doesn't matter. I think at some point we all feel like outcasts alone and depressed and hopeless. Meeting a group of people actively trying to fight through problems just like yours is such an eye opening and positive experience. ..Secondly I posted about a relationship I recently tried to get into and found myself struggling in. I made the decision to end it and focus entirely on my sobriety after reading your advice and again I'm thankful I did. I have a lot of growing to do and a lot to understand about myself and that's something I have to do on my own...Thank you all for being so kind and decent. .I will not be drinking today!
----------immediate responses--------

If you keep that plan and attitude in place you will certainly be successful.  ..Good luck friend. 
Yay! I've also had a wonderful experience in AA after being dubious at first. Congrats and best wishes :)
Excellent! Well done.
[removed]
&gt;aren't or weren't as good at being an alcoholic as others...This makes me smile. What a crazy thing to think eh yet I know I thought it too!
Wow! I felt the exact same way 4+ years ago and can hardly believe what I am able to handle these days without having to consider a drink. You seem to have great willingness - I would hold on to the that and continue to put sobriety first and you will be amazed. Please keep posting! :)
So proud of you!! I agree that it is intimidating but it's all in our mind! There is comfort in knowing we are not alone with our struggles and a room full of us drunks! .
I love AA..Glad you're getting back the life you deserve!!
Meetings were a great way to get started for me but the steps gave me the chance of lasting sobriety. ..Have a good and sober day. Get to lots of meetings!
