-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qwpkp/to_share_or_not_to_share/

This past fall my partner and I built a "Mood-ometer" with his 6 year old son. It was based off the thermometer on the stove pipe of our wood burning fire place with a blue 'cool' (not very happy) section a yellow 'warm' (feeling ok) section and a red 'hot' (feeling great!) section and a scale ranging from 0 to 100. Last night I reported that I was at about 70 (well into the red zone) which was pretty good considering nothing special was happening in that moment. He joked that since I've been on my "health kick" (mostly just drinking water instead of wine but also exercising more and a little more healthy food conscious) this past couple weeks I am off the charts with energy and bringing our collective Mood-ometer average way up. He also smiled and asked if this "health kick" would last forever and I said Yes! .. I haven't told him I've quit drinking exactly - only that "I'm detoxing" as he still has his couple beers at night and I haven't wanted to call a lot of attention to it. He does not realize how much I was drinking ( I would sneak a lot!) nor the private battle I've been having for the past few years with it. For a long time I knew I just didn't want to drink as much as I was every single day and even stopped for a few months at one point then started again and the daily amount doubled after that. Now I have realized that I have been dependent and steadily drinking more and more that I am my own definition of an alcoholic and this time am not just 'cutting back' or taking a break but quitting because I need to (I am done being sick and sorry all the time!).  I guess in a way I am still hiding my problem from him and I don't want him to see me as 'scarred' but more importantly I know I want to do this on my own strength.   I'm sure he already knows that I stopped because I was drinking too much but not the degree of my drinking or my awareness of the severity of my problem.  He is noticing changes beyond my opting for tea and water. Something in his tone was a little fearful of how it might play out between us like maybe would we be incompatible now? ..I guess I am wondering if not telling him flat out is not committing to quitting / just another form of dishonesty or if it's a good move at this point to not mix his attention on it with my own attention and feeling of empowerment that this is for me and coming out of my own inner strength - that not disappointing myself is motivation enough. Any thoughts on sharing struggles with special someone? 
----------immediate responses--------

I might just go with the fact that you feel so much better you are going to stick with sobriety maybe another word if you'd feel more comfortable. He probably has a pretty good idea of what's been going on. We don't hide it as well as we think. The cat will be out of the bag though when he sees all the extra money you have..I won't drink with you today.
Telling my husband was a major commitment for me - it helped keep me accountable. Also I needed his support. I didn't tell my daughter (16) directly until last week. I saw my dad go in and out of sobriety throughout his life and it was an emotional roller coaster for me. I didn't want to get her hopes up and have it not stick. Now I feel like it will and I wanted her to know. :)..I think it's a personal choice but if it were me I'd have the talk. Just my opinion do with it what you will. I won't drink with you today! :)
A few years back I had a boyfriend who owned a couple of guns. He would go shoot targets and was a responsible owner.  After we had been together a year or two I mentioned something about the guns like asking about if he wanted to go shooting or some other casual remark. He said he had gotten rid of them. I asked why. He said it was for personal reasons. That hurt my feelings because I didn't realize there was anything more personal than the relationship between us. He never did tell me. I don't think he trusted me the way I trusted him.
I was never successful happy and free until I started being 100% honest in my life...especially with the people who were supposed to love me the most.  Hiding my sobriety was just another deception and my life had been built on too many.  
I just went through a very similar situation/decision last week. ..I chose to tell my partner. I'd been struggling for the last 4 years - we've been together 8 years and she seriously had no idea. She knew I drank but never knew how much - I hid it from her. At this point I had been sober for 30 days and felt like I wanted it to stick this time. I had been to a couple meetings read This Naked Mind found SD etc. ..I've tried sobriety in the past but it never stuck for more than a couple months before I decided to try moderating again. Alcohol very much fit into our lifestyle and our vision of the future (her step mom teaches in Italy during the summer and we plan on visiting her next year). I knew she would continue taking me out to bars and try to pressure me into drinking and I just didn't want to have to deal with that for the rest of my sobriety - however long that might have been (because I wouldn't stay sober). ..When I told her she took it pretty hard. She had a couple panic attacks over the next couple days. She questioned our relationship decisions she went back and forth between denial and acceptance/anger.   She felt like I ruined her vision of our future together. I stayed completely open and honest with her and answered any questions she had as best I could...At this point she's calmed down a bit. I proved to her that alcohol isn't necessary to an enjoyable experience - we can still go to a restaraunt or make a nice dinner without a bottle of wine present. ..Personally I feel relief but like everyone else says it's very personal. It depends on your relationship with your partner. Hope my story was helpful and I hope you find your answer.
No one really seems to care that I'm not drinking but if I declare that I quit I think they'll all be watching &amp; waiting for me to fail.  So I don't tell &amp; it's kind of a lonely place.  
