-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qx9b5/why_i_still_go_to_meetings/

Sometimes people will ask me why I still go to meetings especially since I am and atheist and have no interest in the god thing.  Well aside from the ritual virgin sacrifices; secret living communes; and being saved by our alien overlords in the year 2020 last night was a perfect example of why I still go to meetings:..One of my regular meetings is on Friday nights at an inpatient hospital/recovery center about 20 minutes from where I live.  Every meeting has about 60 people with usually 10 or so active inpatients.  Many of the rest are newly released patients.  In my break out group last night I got to hear from:.. - a guy who has been sober for almost 2 years now is getting married in a few weeks.  He shared with us the pain he is currently in because his ex-wife whom he hurt quite a bit during his drinking days won't let his two kids come to his wedding.  This big burly guy was in tears but you know he wasn't drinking and he had a safe secure place to share his difficulties.  I was really moved by him... - Another guy was just coming on his 6 months.  He is totally lost as he "doesn't get the god thing" and has been really struggling.  His dog of the last 14 years was put down last week and he simply can't feel anything about it.  He thought he would be more upset but for the last few days he just has no feelings about it.  That scares him and worries him because he has never gone through a loss without drugs and alcohol.  Shouldn't he have more feelings?  Just as he is sharing this with us a tear starts to run down his cheek he sniffles and wipes it away.  And I am thinking to myself..."welcome to feeling.".. - A young woman is there for her very first meeting after checking herself into rehab.  She is frightened sick and all alone.  She kicked her abusive husband out 6 months ago and moved back in with her parents.  She is now (gulp) 30 years old and feels like she has already failed at life.  I silently smile and remember feeling the **exact same way** on my first night in an inpatient facility.  I'm jealous of her because I was 45 when I decided to get serious.  The things I could have done if I had embarked on this life at 30...... - And me my life is pretty darn good.  I currently have no struggles to share yet I am so thankful I can be at that meeting last night and listen to others.  Those people not only reminded me  about what early sobriety is all about but they also awed me with their honesty openness and vulnerabilities.  ..There were no sacrifices last night but my 12 year daughter did make about 50 sugar cookies yesterday and decorated them with festive 4th of July colors.  It was a privilege to walk around to all of the sub groups last night and offer everyone a cookie.  Cause you know how we alcoholics love our sugar........Good luck today everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

I wish you a happy holiday weekend...And just for solidarity I'll eat a cookie *and* not drink with you today. 
Thanks for sharing 
A sugar cookie man!!!..Thanks for sharing. I hope you have a kickass weekend.
My friend who has ten years sober talked with me about sobriety last night. We shared some thoughts and I realized sobriety is a daily choice and I'm reminded that I need to stay aware. ..I don't want to live dry. And I want to stay appreciative and humble.
I quit going to meetings years 8-11 for no particular reason other than "maybe I've outgrown it." And over time my thinking ended up in the same place it had been prior to getting sober which I realized while sitting on the back porch of a dive bar wondering if it would be OK to take a hit of the joint being passed my way. ..A meeting a day for a week completely turned my thinking around on more levels than I can count. Pretty much go to 2 a week since. What I've learned is if I'm not going to meetings I'm not hearing what I need to hear I lose perspective. The people in recovery in many ways are my higher power. I keep coming back to hear exactly the kind of stories you shared above. Thanks for the post. 
This is an amazing post. Thank you for sharing!
Thanks Nika.  I'm sure your aura is a wave of strength and hope --especially to those just starting on this journey.
Where I come from we have a yellow card which is displayed at the front of every one of the forty or so groups that I've ever attended. It says "What you hear here who you see hear when you leave here let it stay hear". ..Hearing any message of recovery second hand is at best diluted and at worst down right dangerous. And that's the reason I go to meetings - so I can hear and see the miracle of recovery first hand and for myself.
Thank you!  I sometimes struggle with the idea of going to a meeting if I need it but this is exactly why.  I love hearing others peoples' stories and what it sparks inside myself.
Thank you for that inspiration. I love meetings!
Yeah i go to meetings as well. Part of it is the social thing. The other part is what you are talking about. It keeps it fresh in my head. Keep it going man! Congrats on 2k days. 
Great post.  Thanks. 
Yeah me too we had a first timer at our meeting today did the first step - she was scared but we didn't bite....
Great post! That daughter of yours is one very special gal :)
Oh lord that second story has me misting up at the gym I have enough feelings for like 8 people!
Thank you Thank you Thank you for this 
Just want people to know that if they need help and arnt into relgion they arnt going to push it on you. Every meeting ive been to its been noted your higher power can be what ever you feel like. Have it be family or just being healthy. I mean you have people that are into god but that is everywhere. 
Thanks. This is a great post. Once I decided that meetings were for me I plan to keep going back until I physically cannot.
Amazing post thanks for sharing  
What a great post! ..I didn't go to many meetings in my area for years after I had moved to it.  I just didn't find any that were a good fit for me.  I still talked to a few of my sober friends via phone calls several times a week. Then I found an agnostic meeting 3 mins walk from my house. That spawned two more meetings... So now I get to see the same great people 3 times a week if I make it to all three. ..- But it's the listening sharing willingness to change if I need to and working with other drunks that seem to be the "secret sauce" for me to stay sober.  ..I have also noticed that I am able to handle stressful situations better even if I don't share at a meeting. Just hanging out and seeing some smiling faces that are happy to see me makes my week better. 
And thank you for the coin. It arrived today.
