-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4qz5y1/i_wish_i_knew_how_to_be_happy/

Ive just struggled with depression for a very very long time; probably my whole life. I started drinking at 19 at a party (I had always hated parties because I have really crippling social anxiety) but with the drinking all of a sudden I am able to talk to anyone and I don't worry about what they think it all seemed well and good. Basically I never looked back. .So I'm 27 now and at this point I drink before work before I have to make an important phone call before I go hang out with a new friend. Without doing that I just sort of shut down and revert into a shell of who i want to be. I don't know how to keep my life in order pay bills on time set up appointments. So i make it worse by drinking. To stop the anxiety that that causes..And I've stopped for long amounts of time before but I'm just bored and always sad. You might say: "hey get a hobbie" but I have hobbies. I just don't care about them anymore. .Sorry to ramble but to anyone who might have once been like this I guess I just wanted to ask if it got better.. Or maybe I just need to hear that it gets better from someone. .Because right now I feel like nothing matters. .I feel like I've failed in life beyond repair. .Sorry for formatting I'm on an old phone.
----------immediate responses--------

It is getting better for me.  I got to a place where I didn't know how to be happy anymore.  My drinking was making me unhappy and contributing to depression in the immediate (in that it's a depressant) and it also disempowered me and I wasn't making proactive decisions about my life.  I was doing what was expected getting through days but I hated myself.  I tried hobbies and I kept trying to reconnect with things that I used to care about but it just never worked.  I just didn't care about anything and I couldn't make myself care...Nine months of sobriety and things have gotten better.  The biggest change is that I'm making decisions about living the sort of life I want to live.  I'm taking a big risk and quitting my job so I can go in a different direction and I'm moving across the country to be closer to family.  I ended my toxic relationship and am moving on.  These aren't easy choices and it is a bumpy road for sure.  I never knew what the term "ugly cry" referred to until a few weeks ago.  ..I don't socialize in the same way anymore and I'm losing touch with casual friends and acquaintances that I'd made in my present location but in the end they are more drinking buddies than friends so I don't mind.  I have reconnected with people I do care about--my mom my sister friends I've had for decades--people who actually know me and care about me.  ..I still have issues that I am working through (feelings of failure and inadequacy anxiety lack of meaning etc etc) but alcohol has stopped making those problems worse and my life has gotten immeasurably better.  More importantly I think I've enabled myself to make my life better.  ..Hang in there granny I'm rooting for you :)
Glad you're here and glad that you can share.  ..It definitely gets better.  When I read..&gt; I wish I knew how to be happy..Something immediately comes to mind...I have compassion for your struggles.  Sounds like you're having quite a rough patch.  It's tough sometimes being lonely...I know for me that being alone and isolating makes things more difficult...When I'm sad or thinking about the state I'm in I've found that if I start thinking about doing something for someone else things get better...When I focus on "Others" and what I can do for someone else the true meaning of life is revealed. Take a quick look at this clip [The True Power of Kindness](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8OMGsVnqvyA). ..What can you do for someone else?  ..Sometimes just buying someone a coffee walking their dog picking up groceries paying the toll for the person behind me........Just for today I hope the best for you and don't drink with you...
Thank you guys it's inspiring to know it can get better. I just wish it wouldn't take so long. -_-
I can really relate to you on some of your points - i have terrible telephone anxiety where I was drinking to make important calls (and I have to make them often at work) - i also feel like I'm a boring person without a drink when I'm with friends so I've avoided spending time with them.  Me and my close friend that I've know for years usually shoot the shit well into the night over a few bottles it gets intense and the convo flows. A sober steadfast has nothing of any interest to say - I'm so quiet and awkward that I'm scared to have her over...I listened to 4 hr working week recently and we also had a new GM at work; 4 hr working week stresses to make a list each day no bigger than a piece of paper folded 4 times and get your work done in 3-4 hrs no more; my general manager had a chat with me about calls saying 'ye you'll be rejected but just apologise and say 'well I have to ask don't I its my job' and laugh it off'. I don't know why but something clicked and the last few weeks ive just thought fuck it so I'll be rejected - and what?  And I've managed to make these calls sober without procrastination since I only have small amount of time before I put down tools for the day (as per 4hr work week). For some reason just doing it is SO damn easy and it feels amazing to make calls I've put off for years the idea and avoidance actually causes physical and mental discomfort - like I say it's a vital part of my job so now my work is improving 10fold.  I was always so scared of appearing stupid but I'm speaking to customers so often now they are treating my like friends and confiding in me  it's wonderful.  I still have one or two jitters but sometimes you have to feel the fear and do it anyway - it's only through dispelling the idea that it can't be done that rids the anxiety.  ..I also was struggling with boredom and loss of interest in hobbies - do you think it's because you are still glamourising alcohol and resenting missing out?  I read Allen Carr (amongst others) and have scrutinised my every belief in how alcohol benefited me to the enth degree and have to say that ALL of my beliefs were a big fat lie. I told you I don't want to spend time with my friend because I don't know how to be outgoing with her without alcohol how bad is that? I have to sedate myself and loosen my inhibitions to enjoy myself with her - maybe it's because I don't particularly enjoy those nights or have anything worth saying to her that takes 5 hrs sat on a carpet smoking.  Ive accepted the problem isn't how I behave during the activity sober it's the activity itself - I've spent so much time choosing activities which accommodate drinking I've forgotten how to do things that make me passionate and happy.  I'm just starting to find these again- sadly the majority of them are solo but that's ok it's my time and I want to spend it REALLY feeling enjoyment - not having to sedate myself to find enjoyment.    ..If you don't enjoy your current hobbies that's ok - just think of one thing that actually gives you pleasure where the pleasure isn't from a bottle (since that's not real and comes at a detrimental cost - your mental/physical health) and build from there.  One of mine as you can prob tell is audio books - I suffer innate loneliness and having someone read to me about topics I find helpful is really comforting - I listen to them whilst walking cleaning gardening etc.  ..Perhaps like me part of what you feel you are giving up is the ability to connect with things and ppl around you? But how can you connect with ppl drunk - you aren't really 'there' you aren't present. It's a case of breaking the comfort barrier and disproving the belief that these things are easier drunk - I've said in a post before I've never thought to myself (about any other person) 'aren't they more intelligentattractiveinterestingfunny after a few drinks' - we think we are better ppl but I've only ever seen others become at best cocky loud and irritating (and chat utter bollox) at worst insulting and belligerent.  ..Confidence comes from inside you not inside a bottle x.
