-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4r55df/fomo/

Having a case of fear of missing out tonight especially with the holiday weekend. Anyone else struggling with this? Sometimes i feel like my only options are stay in alone or go out drink with friends and i dont want to do either.
----------immediate responses--------

I did for a long time. This is my favorite holiday and the summer weather made me want to drink but it fades with time. Just try to get through tonight. The thing for me that changed that was remembering the morning after and trying to piece together what happened over the weekend. That's the part that I don't miss. Think that drink all the way through. I don't know if this helps but I wanted to acknowledge your post at least and let you know that you're not alone. Peace and good vibes to you.
I play the tape forward. What'll happen if I drink? Well I'll get drunk for sure. Holiday weekend? Cookout summer? I wouldn't stand a chance. I'd make a total ass of myself. I'd think I was so clever and witty when really I'd be an incoherent mess bloated in my swimsuit from too much beer. My sister was like that today. Just got *wasted* and people talk about it you know. You're not fooling anyone. It's embarrassing. I'm embarrassed for her and thankful it's not me. That cures my FOMO. 
I feel your pain.  It does feel like you're missing out on some fun but in my case I like to remind myself of the horrible feeling I have after the holiday weekend...I also like to remind myself of the horrible feeling of being stuck somewhere because I'm too drunk to drive.  IDK about you but this happened to me all the time.  I'm happier just going out and doing something fun early in the day then relaxing at night.
My first year I was sort of bummed that I wasn't going up to my usual july 4 celebration with friends but the change I was making was WAY more important than another boozed up weekend. I never regretted staying home and ensuring my sobriety and I always found something to enjoy doing myself. ..This year I went out and bought a bunch of good food and plenty of non alcoholic drinks and have been enjoying lounging around and enjoying the nice weekend. 
I Understand your struggles.  I just remember:..I've not once heard anyone say "I really missed out last night when I didn't get stupid drink black out not remember anything and feel terrible the next morning."..Also I've not once heard anyone say "you know I was just too sober yesterday."..Happy 4th!..Just for today I don't drink with you!
I always have FOMO. But what i'm really missing out?..It's not like when i'm drunk i meet the love of my life or have sex with the most beautiful women out there. I had some good times but 99% of the time is me getting drunk with one or two buddies at some bar blacking out waking up a mess and losing all my weekend...Me and some friends like to have philosophical conversations but it ends in disagreement or not remembering anything. So what's the point?..And i bet it's just we drunks who think the conversations are deep. One day i was sober at the bar and it was cringeworthy to see how drunks repeat themselves and talk shit.
