-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rce33/43_days_in_and_im_told_to_go_rehab/

Sooo I was at a 4th of July BBQ some people were having. I would say friends or even family but for the lack of support they are just going to be referenced as people. ..While cheers-ing with my punch ginger ale and good ole orange juice boxes everyone is all smiles and we had a great time. ..My dad today calls to tell me: that it's quite noticeable that I am not drinking. That it clearly is a struggle since I can't enjoy events anymore and that IRONICALLY I should go to a rehab to really get a hold of this thing. ..I am sooo confused pissed and just annoyed. I am not struggling. I have a hold. If they want to poison themselves then fine. My only struggle is being around people who are not supportive and being lonely in that context. ..I live my life pretty alone and I'm so insulted that when I am around people they tell me how to live .and how IDIOTIC is it to go to rehab?  I'm sorry ..But I think rehab teaches you abstinence??? ..If I'm going to spend any money getting help it's going to be on getting to a beach far away from everyone.  The minute I can completely work my job remote I'm out of here. ..Thanks SD. I mean it when I say it. All SDers and our stories trials errors and triumphs keep me going. .
----------immediate responses--------

It's your journey not your father's.  Do what you think is right and over time people will begin to accept your new way of life.
Oh that would irritate the hell out of me!  The thing is it was probably your dad that was uncomfortable with you not drinking (and then maybe worried 'cause dads do that). He misinterpreted your discomfort around drinkers into a "struggle" not drinking.  His approach is annoying as heck but it sounds as though he was acting with love and concern and just needs to be straightened out (or ignored).  He's not trying to get you to drink again which is good but he's clearly clueless as to your journey. And it is YOUR journey not his. It's up to you to straighten him out or ignore him.  ..My dad's not here any more (partly because of his relationship with alcohol) so I don't have this particular problem. But I do use the image of him asleep at the table with a drink in his hand as a motivator to NOT be like that and to stay sober.
This reminds me of the first time I saw my mom after stopping drinking.  I was about 9 months sober and feeling better than I ever had in my life. We went for dinner at a restaurant.  I had a bit of a cold but was happy to see her after such a long time and I was excited to show her the new me...After dinner she pulled me aside and asked me why I looked so sad. I could have strangled her.....like WTF MOM?  I wasn't my usual bubbly drunk fake overly-happy self so she assumed there was something wrong? It was like a smack in the face.  ..Parents can be the worst sometimes...I think this is why it's really important to have people in your life that are also in recovery cause they get it. They understand me and don't have any preconceptions or who I should be.
&gt;and how IDIOTIC is it to go to rehab? I'm sorry ..But I think rehab teaches you abstinence???..What should rehab teach you....moderation?
It's sad but unfortunately people out there have the idea that rehab gives you something more than it really does. I'm not saying it's necessarily unhelpful but it is certainly not magic. In the worst case scenario all you get is a bunch of group therapy--nothing individualized and nothing you can't get for free in support groups. ..My view is that often people would be better off to stay in a fancy hotel and go to individual therapy every day than to go to rehab. It would be less expensive and the food would be better...Or like you say go to the beach. Have fun in the sun with some iced tea...Edit: Not implying that you "need" anything. Your father was off base to say this to you. People do say some mighty odd things to us or about us when we quit drinking though out of ignorance....once I was at lunch with my boss and some professional colleagues and when I excused myself to go to the ladies' room he told them all how I'd recently quit drinking (I'd been sober 6 years or so) and that they shouldn't order lunch beers as they'd planned because it might set me off. I was not pleased. 
Step back from the situation here and see what's going on. He's made assumptions about your situation and he's making suggestions based on his perception. From where he sits he is justified...You can communicate clearly with him to let him know the truth about how you're doing and maybe even let him know how his assuming you're struggling is confusing to you. Maybe he'll explain why he feels that way. Perhaps he can become supportive toward your journey but he needs a clear picture of what's going on. Apparently if you have a handle on it he didn't get the memo. I can't predict how he will react but you'll have done your part. ..A lot of frustration and anxiety I experienced in the beginning came from my expectations that other people would somehow know how I was doing/how I was feeling/what I was thinking. I was terrible with communication and would end up pissed off the majority of the time. The rest of the time I'd get down about it. ..Rehab taught me some very valuable lessons and gave me a good foundation on which to build a happy life in sobriety. Abstinence was the goal for me but there's much much more to it. 
Sounds to me like he's uncomfortable with your new outlook and as a way to feel better is trying to assert himself over you.
[removed]
Before you get too angry people who are unfamiliar with recovery often think that rehab will teach you to "manage" your drinking. If you're already not drinking... then mission accomplished.
Only one thing matters: how you feel about your sobriety...If you are white knuckling it maybe looking around for some extra help might not be a bad thing...But if you are comfortable with your management of your sobriety; if YOU feel that you are living life - sober - the way you are comfortable with (at the least) then I'd say your father is probably well-intentioned but ignorant of your reality...Like you I am a loner (but NOT lonely). So when people do meet me what they see is a fraction of one degree of the totality of my life. Can they be expected to accurately assess who I am and how I am living my life? I think not...Bottom line - if you're sober and miserable you might want to explore additional avenues of support...If not - carry on! ..I shall not drink with you today. .
People try to help the best way they know how. Sometimes their efforts are less than helpful as they can't know everything about your situation...I thank people and keep on moving; I don't have time to be upset over other people. I have way too much to do for me instead...Besides I know that as a fallible person I probably do the same thing to others more often than I realize.
I'm sorry you had such a crappy start to your day....It's very hard to accept that non alcoholics just simply don't understand.  But then again how could they?...If your father had suggested a recovery program instead of rehab would you still be so upset?   .To many people outside of our group they are one and the same....At 43 days I was still struggling.  I was winning but it was still a daily struggle..I don't know your dad.  But do you think he may have been picking up on something you're not aware of.  .I can tell in an instant if something is not right with one of my kids....Wishing you all the best.  Rooting for you my friend.......
Woah. I think you might need to take a step back here.....This reminds me of when my mom hid alcohol from me when I was first sober. I was so pissed off at her. But then I realized that she was just trying to protect me. She wasn't trying to insult me or hurt me. And I would never say it was "idiotic" of her to do so. She wants me to be happy and when she saw how much drinking was hurting me she responded in her own way. When I asked her about it she said it was because she loved me. Not because she didn't trust me not because she thought I was going to drink it. So yeah I was pissed at first. But then I was grateful that someone even cared enough about me to hide booze in the first place. ..This phone call from your father prompted a lot of resentment in you. That might be something to think about. This is your journey but that doesn't necessarily mean you have to be completely alone. Take the support and good luck in your recovery!..Edit: Just wanted to add that there is nothing wrong with rehab. Outpatient rehab played a huge role in my recovery.
Man fuck that guy. I watched a documentary about tattoos one day and there was a successful doctor who was absolutely *covered* in ink. His words: I don't care that you don't have tattoos why should you care that I do?..I don't care that you drink why do you care that I don't? 
Only those of us that suffer this afliction those of us who have travelled this journey really understand. .Sounds like your Dad ain't one. .While well meaning it's unlikely he understands. .Talk with professionals with real knowledge &amp; experience and those who have a shared story to tell. .They are your best guides. .I've done rehab three times. .Never went in there with an immediate history of soberiety. Once discharged they had a day programme I went to weekly/fortnightly/monthly. Those follow ups helped. 
Maybe he meant well? He probably has seen friends go through it and wants to make sure you are able to continue this through. Or maybe he himself had tried and failed? And he is happy for you.
Since its your dad I would talk with him and tell him you have been thinking about it and it upset you and it was a conflicting/confusing message you got from it. Maybe you can say what did you mean by that because I'm really confused. It may be a way for to connect and diminish any animosity. Resentment and animosity I feel is toxic to us newbie non drinkers. I am proud of you for not drinking! 
I went to IOP about 40 days after my last drink.  It helped me and my recovery.  Haven't found it necessary to pick up a drink for a little while now.  Good luck and best wishes to you.  Also I was pretty sensitive to unsolicited advice particularly from family.  Looking back I now realize they were trying to help.
