-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rmsiy/forgiveness/

I'm going to preface this by admitting that I'm a bit of a fraud. While I had a drinking problem it wasn't nearly to the degree that a lot of other folks on this sub had. I could put away maybe six beers or mixed drinks and I'd hit my limit. It was more than I wanted to drink so I considered it a problem but I don't want to cheapen anyone else's journey by comparing mine to theirs. I stopped drinking because I realized that no good had ever come of it and because it frightened me a little to see what it had done to some of you-- clearly good people who had some sincere struggles with the bottle. ..I joined this sub because I struggled with anger management issues for about a year and when I finally figured out how selfishly and horribly I'd been behaving I realized that I'd burned a lot of bridges down with friends that I cherished. And I couldn't just magically make all of my actions-- and all of the half-hearted apologies that I'd never bothered to commit to-- go away once I realized how wrong I'd been. I found a bit of a kindred spirit in some of the stories folks shared. ..I tried to make amends with the people I'd hurt. Some of them were willing to forgive me after a while and were glad to see me finally returning to my senses. Others were not. It was a supremely unpleasant experience to have someone tell me that I'd lied to them too many times that I'd manipulated them too many times and that I'd intentionally hurt them too many times to ever be forgiven in this lifetime. It hurt a lot worse when I realized that the only real response I could offer was "you're absolutely right."..I did those things and no matter what excuses or boogiemen I try to conjure up I still lied manipulated and hurt my friends due to no fault of their own. After another few months of feeling terrible and wondering if I was still worthwhile as a person I came to the conclusion that just because I'd been a bad person in the past it didn't mean I had to be one in the future. I got to define myself for new people I'd meet as someone better and I had the moral obligation to make sure that I was never that nasty person I'd been ever again. And it helped. And it still helps. But it doesn't always help. ..I still catch myself imagining the people I hurt in the passenger's seat of my car on the way to work some mornings and I pour my heart out to an empty seat telling them how sorry I am for what I did and how grateful I am that they were unwilling to put up with my behavior to the point where I realized how badly I needed to change and improve. And they still don't want to see me or speak to me ever again after everything I did. They've still cut all contact with me so that I can never come back to haunt their lives in any capacity. And they're still not wrong to feel that way. ..Does anyone else have similar stories to this? Has anyone else figured out other methods to cope with it? I miss those people so much some days and I can feel all the pain I tried to mask with my anger coming through again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Just curious why do you feel like a fraud? Because you didn't hit the same bottom some of us did? Your story sounds right on point to me...I have a lot of guilt for the hurt I caused especially to my family. It helps to know that I'm changing my behaviors and (I hope) becoming a better wife and mother every day.
I think it's a huge step forward that you have admitted to yourself that YOU were wrong and caused problems and pain. Many people can never do this. It feels bad but it's good...You're right that you can't change the past but you have the possibility of a totally changed present  and future...True forgiveness is a gift both to the giver and to the receiver. It's another thing that many people can't ever do. When you give it and get it it's a profound experience. It's love...Whatever your idea of a Higher Power or source of meaning you can appreciate the core ideas of Christian theology which say that Nothing can separate us from Love (=God) no matter what we've done or how awful we are and that people are directed to forgive others as they have been forgiven. .." He who is forgiven much loves much." 
I was careful not to make amends too soon. I worked the steps in AA which has tools to deal with remorse regret and shame. Until I had a long time sober I had no credibility because I'd said many "I'm sorry's" in the past. Even then my best friend was not willing to renew our relationship which broke my heart but I understood. I made new friends in AA. There is grieving on many levels when we stop drinking. A therapist provided guidance and helped me work through troubling issues. ..Kudos for 55 days!
