-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rs8ol/sobriety_triggering_eating_disorder_possible_tw/

Hi there..About 2 years ago I had 2 years sober then I relapsed. I've just gotten sober again because it was affecting my health and my job. I am happy to not be drinking...However now that I'm not abusing alcohol my problems with food seem to have resurfaced. I was at the point (while I was drinking) where I was pretty much eating what I wanted when I wanted which wasn't necessarily the healthiest but I thought I was at least nearing normal...Now 3 weeks into my sobriety my eating disorder has come back with a vengeance. I'm struggling to eat more than 300 calories a day. Sometimes I eat more but I almost never eat over 700. It doesn't help that the amount of alcohol I was drinking before I got sober helped me pile on 30+ lbs in those two years. ..I just want the weight off as fast as possible. I don't want to have to drink to cope with my brain. I do see a therapist weekly and she is helpful but at this point I don't want to "get better" from the ED. I want to drop a shitload of weight...Has anyone gone through something like this? Do you have any advice? I just am hoping to not feel so alone in this.
----------immediate responses--------

There are some great stories you might relate to in A and B Anonymous (Edmonton Alberta Canada).  Co - occurrence of ED and alcohol use problems is high.  You are not alone and there is a solution.
I dont have advice but have noticed that the more the weight comes off from not drinking the more I go to bed hungry to "help it along" and I haven't talked about it with any sober people. I am admitting it now.  ..I hope it helps to know you aren't alone in this thinking...congrats on 27 days!..
It's very common. It's been brought up in every recovery community ive attended and I experienced it myself early on. It started out really innocently I wanted to get healthy but then I started on some resrictive diets and spiraled into obsession realky fast. It was nice to be in control of something. I finally learned that no matter how thin I was I would always find something else to focus on. "Boobs too small stretch marks oh look she's skinnier than I am AND has bigger boobs.  Why should I even bother I'll never be good enough."..I didn't feel like therapy or support groups were helping. Eventually the therapy did help though I think I just wanted to see instant results. I don't know what finally changed in my thinking but I realized it wasnt worth it to obsess over my body like that to compare myself to others to binge and then go to the gym twice a day. I learned how to focus on the body parts I did like which turned into accepting the parts I didn't like. Today it's all the Same to me  we all have body image issues  to some extent. For all I know other people were comparing their bodies to mine while I was hating on myself. ..Be easy on yourself. Focusing on my eating distracted me from realizing how much I was doing! I was sober off of pills and doing CBT and learning meditation. Looking back its sad to me that I  couldn't see how well I was doing. I always somehow manage to find the one thing in my life that isn't where I want It to be and completely ignore everything I have accomplished. ....
I'm struggling with the same thing right now. I think the ED thoughts/behaviors are particularly bad right now because A. I gained a lot of weight while drinking and am fairly disgusted with my appearance B. I started weighing myself only two days into sobriety and  the booze weight fall off quickly (at first) triggered the desire to lose lots of weight fast and C. My addicted brain is looking for an outlet. Can't obsess about alcohol? Cool I'll obsess about food instead...I don't really have any advice. I'm glad I'm not the only one going thru this. All I'm doing now is trying my best to eat a balanced diet even if I can't hit my daily minimum of calorie intake and trying to be really gentle with myself. I'm done being a slave to alcohol and that freedom feels great. I don't want to waste that by being a slave to the scale.
A little worried about myself in this regard. I was working out/drinking protein shakes/getting fit but suddenly I'm obsessed with how much I weigh and how little I eat. Fuck. Didn't realize this was a "thing"
Yes I developed an ED and also a spending/shopping disorder. Once the weight comes off you need new clothes. 
I was in long-term recovery from ED when I stopped drinking and I was aware of a certain temptation to fall back onto it as  crutch it was important to me that I didn't. I recognised I used both alcohol and ED in similar ways...I reconnected with the CBT work I did to overcome my ED and for me that meant a commitment to "normal eating" - I would make myself eat a normal amount each day and I accept that when I am eating a healthy amount and exercising moderately that my weight will settle to a happy balance over time (or if not that I'd tackle that later on when I was more stable in my sobriety). I view the food I eat as valuable nutrition and fuel...I remember when I was in the grips of an ED in the same way that when I was in the grips of alcohol addiction I didn't want to get better I protected my habit at any cost. I am grateful to be free of both.
Sorry for your struggles.  Kudos on your three weeks!..I've not had experience with thus personally yet I know it's not healthy and can be dangerous.  You're not alone; we are here...You invited advice.  When I stopped drinking I focused on that.  I didn't add a bunch of lifestyle changes to the mix *except those associated with alcohol*.  For me that would have reduced my probability of success...I have a curiosity if you're willing.  You included "(possible TW)" in you title.  I assume that represents 'trigger warning'?  If so I'm trying to learn - 1) what is the trigger you're warning about and 2) when and why did you start using that addendum?  I see it trending and want to understand more about it...Just for today I don't drink with you. 
As others have said you're definitely not alone. I'm 5 days in and I've been noticing the same thing. I think there are multiple reasons for it at least for myself...For one withdrawal causes anxiety which can kickstart an eating disorder back into gear. Another thing is the alcohol can be used to escape/numb feelings as can starving. And there's also guilt for the drinking and the desire to exhibit self-control through restraint both in alcohol and in food. ..Those are just the reasons I've come up with for myself. They may or may not apply to you. Either way I hope things get easier and that you stay safe (or at least as safe as is possible). 
I have a history of alcohol dependence and anorexia/bulimia. I recovered from the ED before I quit drinking...After I quit drinking my ED flared up. It never got anywhere near as bad as it had been before but I was highly tempted to restrict overexercise and otherwise descend into that particular hell...And I'm by FAR not the only other person to have this struggle. In fact I think the alcohol/ED pairing is very common--I have seen it SOOO many times...So. This is an area where I found professional counseling extremely helpful. I worked with a therapist who dealt with both addictions and eating disorders and who well understood the connection. It was a bit of a tricky thing for me to learn to handle food and exercise appropriately because they were overall GOOD things which very much helped my recovery; but there was always the danger that I'd go over to the dark side...Have you been honest with your therapist about this struggle? Because your behavior right now is quite extreme certainly not compatible with either your physical or mental health. Even if you at some level don't want to get better you do need to "tell on yourself" here...your therapist cannot help you if she does not know. Remember that EDs are extremely dangerous things. They have the highest mortality rate of any mental disorder.
I relapsed greatly and gained 20+ lbs this past year and have decided to attempt sobriety again and all I want is this excess baggage gone I'm not sure what to say because anxiety about my own excess weight plagues me but I think you should see sobriety and eating healthily/ nourishing your body as a pair and maybe start seeing food as a way to really enrich your body but by making mindful choices as oppose to cutting calories as on the long run it will stick and eating healthy equals eating happy I promise I know how frustrating it is to want to desperately lose weight but really just focus on the meal at hand and do nothing else aside from know that what you're putting into your body is going to do nothing but good and in the long run allow you to lose weight in a healthy long term way I will not drink with you today x
