-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rupl9/how_big_and_beautiful_the_world_is/

I recently did a summer road trip halfway across America and back. This included a wedding visiting family seeing some national wildlife refuges and observing the local culture.  ..After about 50 days into my recovery I feel like I'm getting back to where I was pre-relapse. I still have physical and emotional wounds to heal but recovery is a slow process and I'm ok with that...One thing I noticed while driving and seeing the world: When I drink my universe is so shockingly small. It's small because I barely leave my house or local drinking establishments. It's small because I don't feel like doing anything else at all because it sounds boring. It's small because I isolating myself from others. I don't like talking to people like I'm ashamed of myself and awkward. ..Most of all it's always eye-opening to realize how alcohol robs me of life's most simple pleasures. I'm getting away from that and back to "real feelings". This week I felt absolute unadulterated joy walking through a small-town neighborhood my wife looking at trees wildflowers and butterflies. We watched the sunset and sat on park benches to rest our feet and talk. It's so corny I know. But I think that is what true happiness feels like and I haven't felt it in a long time.....
----------immediate responses--------

It's not corny at all. 
That sounds fantastic not corny. I want to do a road trip in September but haven't really planned anything yet. Thanks for the motivation. If you don't mind sharing where did you go and do you have any recommendations?
That is beautiful. I've spent so much time in nature since I stopped drinking and it's been so healing.
Beautiful description of the way sobriety has changed your worldview. I couldn't agree more. I try not to beat myself up too much about all that I missed around me when diving to the bottom of a glass. ..I won't drink with you today and we won't miss life's simple pleasures. Cheers!
[deleted]
On thing that struck me was how good it was to be able to drive after 5pm. Always used to find myself intoxicated after that time for some reason. Weird. 
