-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rv2um/10_days_feeling_hopeful_and_needing_encouragement/

This is super-long I had no idea it would be but here you go! ..What it do SD! You guys are great I love it. I would like to tell my story for the first time if that's OK. I just want to know that maybe people are reading and affirming it. I tend to crave attention so I try to avoid posting about myself in this way but I think it's important this time. ..I started crunkin' heavy when I got to college. I grew up in a dry home so alcohol was super mysterious and exciting for me. My school was a super-small private liberal-arts college in small-town Middle America. Everyone drank so much all the time - it was a "privileged campus" and there wasn't much else to do. ..It became habit and then I fell in love for the first time and got dumped a year later which is when I started relying on it I guess. But even after the heartbreak healed I just kept going for it. That was in 2000. I graduated in 2004 went to grad school from 2006-2008 got married and bought a house in 2007 got some pretty amazing jobs here and there and stayed out of legal trouble so it wasn't all bad. ..But it wasn't terrific either. I had anxiety some low-grade depression and untreated ADD. I was able to keep my jobs but it felt monumentally difficult due to the ADD and I was making it much worse with alcohol. I gained a bunch of weight I wouldn't have otherwise gained if I didn't drink every beer I could at all times. Sometimes I thought switching to wine or whiskey would help and I guess it would have if I didn't drink so much of both that it didn't matter that they were "healthier." ..Maybe worst of all drinking made me complacent. I wasn't sleeping all day and eating candy or whatever but I wasn't being my best self. I had all of these goals and ideas (travel to ___ write a book attempt stand up get in shape etc.) that I knew I would never achieve because alcohol kept me artificially fulfilled and lazy. ..Since my drinking career began I considered quitting. I think I knew right away that it was a bad deal for me. It makes sense now: I found out later that my home was a dry home because my dad doesn't drink and my mom had a drinking problem before I was born. She has ADD as well and my mother and I are both VERY prone to addiction. In the last five years she's gotten addicted to (and got clean from) prescription opiates but it's a struggle for her and it's a struggle for me as well. ..During my 20s I made changes for the better. Instead of waking up hungover EVERY day I made sure it was only like 4-5 days a week. I tried to remain active. If I felt like shit or was anxious or depressed or riddled with guilt I just put on a happy face and rode it out. I felt terrible so often. Being at work for a morning meeting just sweating because my body is trying to get rid of toxins and I hardly slept and I know that my work is going to suffer for it. Barf. ..Now at 33 I am beginning to see booze for what it actually is - a highly addictive poison that has made me sad scared anxious bummed on myself overweight lonely unproductive tired restless and uncomfortable in my own skin. ..I have 10 days under my belt and it feels different this time. I'm not thinking "OK once I get in shape I can drink again" like I did before. That just made me anxious for when I could drink next. Now it's just "Let's do life for realsies this time - let's make shit happen." *This Naked Mind* helped tremendously. ..I've told my wife how I feel and everything but she hasn't given me the response I was hoping for. Not that she doesn't care but I don't think she understands what it's like for me. I think she's always viewed me as a fun-time dude which I am but I spread the love and humor around and keep the darkness for myself. I'm working on expressing my emotions more clearly and often but it's still tough. ..I haven't felt compelled to go to AA yet (although I'm not against it by any means and I mean to check it out!) and I feel very proud of myself but I'm definitely still adjusting to sober living. The Fourth of July was tough - I went with a bunch of friends to a mountain lake for a few days and everyone was boozing. Luckily no one got hammered and everyone was so supportive and respectful about my not-drinking but it was still tough because I had to learn how to interact with people without alcohol! I went to see Flight of the Conchords at Red Rocks a few days ago and E V E R Y O N E there was boozing. My wife and my buddy only had a beer or two each but still I had to be just about the only sober person in that entire venue. I had a friend visit me from out of town recently and he was like "Which beer should I bring?" and I told him I wasn't drinking so he brought me this delicious ginger beer and we had an AMAZING conversation. Again this friend and my wife had a few beers but like two. It always blows my mind when people just have two beers; it's like how the fuck do you stop after two!? Once I have one I want every fucking beer in the house! ..But throughout each of these traditionally alcohol-related activities I've found that I was still able to have fun. Not only that but I could have powerful and meaningful conversations and remember all of it. I could articulate myself better. I was a better listener. Then when I went to bed after each thing I was still sober enough to read imagine that! ..And oh my god have I been sleeping better. I used to have to go to bed at 9:30 because I couldn't function while being tired AND hung over. Now I can go to bed at 12:30 wake up at 7:30 and feel terrific. ..I'm losing weight. Down about 7 lbs in 10 days. ..Best of all I like myself a lot more. This is the hardest thing I've ever done but I know it's either this or living the rest of my life half checked-out and wondering why I can't get it together. So today I'm not drinking and I hope you join me if you feel so called. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post thank you for sharing. I'll not be drinking with you today. 
" I spread the love and humor around and keep the darkness for myself." ..A great observation. 
&gt;I am beginning to see booze for what it actually is - a highly addictive poison that has made me sad scared anxious bummed on myself overweight lonely unproductive tired restless and uncomfortable in my own skin...Yeah that shift in mindset was huge for me. I've flipped from alcohol being the center of my world to viewing it as a harmful addictive substance for me that was costing me too much in all aspects of my life particularly my health. It only provided a very transient 'relief' from the hell that alcohol itself causes I was stuck in that cycle spiralling downhill. So instead I've stepped off that train and I'm free to be present in my own life at last...Congrats on 10 days sober!
"...because alcohol kept me artificially fulfilled and lazy."..Can relate to this so much. Life on alcohol just seemed to pass me by. I'd be gobsmacked looking around me that people were *living* and I was in some kind of land of the walking dead. ..Congratulations on the progress you've already made and good luck with the rest of your journey. If it helps to tell your story then tell it again and again and again! No need to hold back if you get some benefit from speaking out. I for one will gladly listen.
Thanks for posting fellow Coloradan!  I was a confirmed craft beer snob as well as tequila snob.  Great excuse to drink high alcohol content booze!  Learning how to interact and feel my feels sober has been a challenge and I've had to ride out some awkward and uncomfortable evenings.  As you are experiencing it will change and sober will become your new normal and just being yourself will no longer feel like you need alcohol to do so.  Congratulations on your success!
&gt; how the fuck do you stop after two!? Once I have one I want every fucking beer in the house!..Right?! And some that might not be in my house yet but will be so by the end of the night!
red rocks is the best most spectacular venue. My dream concert: Radiohead at Red Rocks...More seriously---susbtances do often substitute for activity. I think I'll write a post about this.  Congratulations on 11 days. The first days for me are the hardest.
And now you have 100 days! Congratulations! I'm so glad I read this on day 3 for me &lt;3
