-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4rv7q6/getting_a_month_was_tougher_than_getting_a_year/

Seriously.  That first month was knock-down-dragout.  I couldn't trust my own brain.  I had to stay away from people and places that others said might be triggering even if I disagreed.  Today I'm free.  I still take it a day at a time and need to pay attention to my thoughts/feelings/behaviors but I have the monkey off my back and a ton of new friends...After a few months trying not to drink wasn't really a struggle and I don't really think about or notice alcohol much.  ..In a year my life has opened up.  I have a great social life.  I'm not just trudging through another day.  I can find people who can help me with life's problems instead of trying to numb myself out.  On paper my life isn't anything special but my attitude and outlook are much much better...Also this sub is awesome.  A few years ago I googled  how to stop drinking  and this sub was one of the results...p.s. i should also mention that my grand theft auto character is celebrating a year today.  I felt weird about drinking and using drugs in a video game when I was trying to get sober...p.p.s.  The knock-down-dragout part involved a lot of work.  Support group meetings every day and a phone call to a sober person every night.  White-knuckling would have been much more painful.   
----------immediate responses--------

Haha I love that your GTA guy is sober too. Great job to both of you!
Your life sounds like something to be proud of! It seems like you are doing very well and most importantly you sound content with yourself. Good on you!
Lol!  Nice.  Gotta admit it was hard skipping all the mead and wine in skyrim at first but I developed a new love for cheese (by the wheel).  Congrats on the year and yes  the first month was the worst.
Great work!  Congrats on your year.
that's encouraging. thank you for that.
It kind of was. That first month is not easy...Congrats on making a full trip around!
Congrats on your first anniversary!
Congrats on day 365 /u/Larry_sellers ! 
Congrats on 365!  And Yes I agree the first month or two were the hardest but it's amazing how 'it' is not apart of my life or thinking now!  .Blessings to YOU u/larry_sellers_!!
Thank you for sharing! As someone working towards the first month I love seeing posts from those who've made it past the beginning hurdles. Let's not drink together today :)
Congratulations! I tell everyone that I sponsor getting sober is WAY harder than staying sober.
I agree. Just making it a week was one of the hardest things I've ever had to do. Congrats on your year!
Yep. Still most proud of my 30 day chip. hard earned..Congrats on a year!!!
Congratulations!!! I totally agree that the first month was far and away the hardest. I'm glad you shared that experience with others - I used to give up after a month pretty regularly so I didn't know how much easier it gets!
huzzah! congratulations! thanks for being such a great part of this sub. 
Thank you for this reminder that it gets better.  It's exhausting to think that I'll have to maintain this level of attention and awareness forever...I feel like Mad-eye Moody: "CONSTANT VIGILANCE!". It makes me feel better to know that after awhile I won't feel like I am two warring selves anymore..
Congrats on 1 year! The first couple of months were awful. But as I approach 5 months I find it amazing that I'm hardly even thinking about drinking. Reading posts like yours is inspiring and helping me get to the point you're at. Thanks :)
Congrats Sellers. 
Congrats!
Thank you for posting - As someone who is approaching that 30 day mark - i know what you mean by it being a complete knock-down-drag-out battle where I need to be vigilant every waking moment to ensure that I will not slip - I am glad to hear that with time patience and hard work that it does get easier...Congrats on a year! That is awesome.
I really need to read this today. Thank you and Congrats!
Congrats on a year!  So far I'd have to agree that first month was much tougher.  Had to get the poison out of my system and make new habits.  Feels much easier now.  Not quite effortless but much more so positive.
Hearty congratulations Larry
Congratulations!!!!  Did you get all of the friends through meetings?  I'm still working on getting a sober community of friends.
Working through my first month... thank you for your input.
Good story. I agree time does make it easier.  There will always be temptation and urges but you just have to consider the work that's gone into getting you to where you are and those urges seem like a walk in the park. Well done. I can't wait to get to 365 days also. Keep it up. 
Congrats on a year! The first month was hard for me as well especially the first 72 hours.
Congrats on your first year sober. Well done!
I LOVE your post!! Congrats to you my friend! 
Congrats!! I cracked up reading your post because when I stopped drinking a couple years ago I was also playing Dead Island and my charcter stopped drinking as well. Your'e right it just doesn't feel right. I thought I was the only one!
That's so good to know! Congratulations!
I bet of getting one year sober its more exciting and joyful than having a birthday party!  CONGRATS  for this very valuable achievement. 
Congrats to you!! I got here the same way...Google search for "how to quit drinking." So happy I found this place.  Now I want to get 365  next to my badge!
Truth right here. ..That first month was wicked. Now it seems like I hardly even notice alcohol and I'm comfortable telling people that I quit drinking because I had a problem with it. Strong work Larry.  Is this your homework Larry? 
Awesome perspective.  Congrats!
Wow! Way to go! I found this sub the same way you did and I'm so glad I did. Congratulations on your year milestone!
I haven't been sober for a year since before I started drinking I almost made 6 months which would have tied my all time high. I need to stop counting and realize I am in far better shape than I was a year ago when I was in inpatient rehab about ready to have a stroke because of the withdrawals. I really think god willing the day I login here and see my name with 365 next to it I will absolutely lose it in a good way of course. Lots of tears and release of bad memories on how I almost lost my life to this disease many times. It's an action-packed struggle these days but I'm not doing it alone any-more people like you told me I don't have to and recommended I swallow whatever pride I have and let go. ..Congrats on a year take a deep breath and do it again tomorrow. I found this sub right before I went to rehab last year if I remember right I will have to check my post history. 
Congratulations on one year. ..Remember you kill people in gta v too. Its just a game.
Great post.    And a hearty congratulations.  ...Every time I relapsed it was due to me not taking action and putting in the work to overcome my addiction.  ...I did the same as you.  Meetings therapy and forcing myself to reach out to sober people instead of taking that 1st drink.  ...Thank you for sharing.  
Sober GTA - my son showed me his character doing Pilates - there's a whole world out there away from strippers and guns.... Great post.
