-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4s0jp2/struggling_to_fit_in_at_aa/

Hey all..So I'm in my early twenties and have started attending AA meetings regularly unfortunately where I am there are not that many AA meetings I can go to. This is due to my availability and the limited amount of meetings. ..Sure meetings go perfectly fine and I'll share and listen to others the environment is very welcoming and every one seems to be very friendly. The only problem is that when the meetings end people start socialising and I'm having extreme difficulty doing that. I feel part of it is because I'm a lot younger than every one else in my meetings I almost feel like besides the odd "hey how are you" or "it's good to see you that you keep coming back" no one would like to have more in depth conversations with me. I'm left feeling extremely awkward and out of place. ..I have made at least one friend who I can talk to quite comfortably but yeah I can't just latch to this guy all the time. Idk is it because I'm so early into recovery these older people with years of sobriety don't want to invest their time in me? Because they all had slip ups in the beginning? It's pretty discouraging but I'm hoping this changes. I'd like to think I'm a quite polite individual who is shy at times. I mean it's not like I'm an asshole lol I also do understand the fact that I'm not gonna like everyone I meet in AA and I shouldn't expect every one to like me. ..Any advice? Thank you SD 
----------immediate responses--------

As they say "Keep coming back!"..Some suggestions:..My home group many arrive early before the meeting.  When I was "fitting in" with a couple new groups I found several things helpful -..Arrive early.  Ask if you can help start coffee arrange chairs get materials out.  Bring doughnuts and offer.  Pick anyonee and say "I'm sorta new what's been your experience?"  Ask "how do I get to know members here better?"..It'll work!  Take appropriate opportunities Tom"share your experience your story your fears in the meetings."  People will learn more about you...Let us know how it goes!
Sorry that you feel neglected at your AA meetings. That is an awful feeling and one I totally relate to. At my regular meetings the average age is probably around 36 (I'm guessing majorly here of course) which is my age. So I definitely fit in. Still talking to people is not easy. That's an excuse a lot of us used for our drinking right - it makes it easier to talk to people...Please keep on going to the meetings. Some of those AA regulars will probably start chatting to you once they see you are a regular too. Maybe all that is needed is an ice-breaker...It may not actually be a question of you being too young for the group to talk to but that the group is talking to each other because they already know each other and they don't know you yet. I am not excusing their behavior - I absolutely think that they should have made the effort to talk to you after the meeting...What I'm trying to say is when they see you are part of the group (and not just someone attending a couple of times) they will probably include you socially to a much greater degree...On a personal note I am really sorry you feel this way. AA is great (I just started attending meetings last month myself) and it's terrible that you are feeling excluded.
I had the same issue. One evening I enrolled for a task at one of the group. Ended up in the "welcome team". Then I prepared the coffee... And so on. Since then I have held every functions at myhomegroup (I am curreny the chairman). Getting involved in services helped me get in relation with other members. You could give it a try.
I had a hard time breaking into the social world of AA at first too. What helped me tremendously was making one group my home group and then attending the business meeting and getting a service position. Once people recognize that you are sticking around and helping out they're more likely to socialize with you...Also I got a sponsor who is quite social and she introduced me to a lot of people. Once you start meeting a few people the people you know start multiplying...Lastly it helps me to remember that even though many of the people are not people I'd be friends with normally we all share a common bond. I am surprised at how I've become friendly with people who are twice my age or way younger than me or people who used to be homeless or lawyers in business suits....everyone is fair game for some friendly banter at a meeting.
Are you approaching them or waiting to be approached? 
I'm only seven months sober so take my viewpoint with a grain of salt but stopping AA was one of the best decisions I've made so far in my recovery. I think AA does work for some people but I always felt weirdly pressured by the people in the meetings to believe that AA was the only way...I have a lot more free time since I stopped going to meetings and I've invested that time in therapy learning to dance at a studio meeting people through meet ups and volunteering at church. I think that's the key - you can't just stop going to AA and do nothing else and expect things to get better - but for me getting out there and living a really full life has been more helpful than constant meetings.
