-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4s36i6/day_1_struggles/

I talked with my therapist yesterday and told her of my desire to be sober. It was great because she kept mentioning how proud she was and I went home feeling great. ..I had half of a fifth left and I figured... let's go out with one last hurrah. I wish I hadn't. I wish I had just thrown it away. But now I'm all out which is good. But I'm sitting here trying to find anyway to keep me inside my apartment so I don't go wandering off to the liquor store or the grocery store to satiate my cravings. My jaw is clenched I keep balling up my fists etc. It's so god damn hard. ..This all started back after my junior year of college. We had discovered my sisters substance abuse she had tried to kill herself twice. I was doing miserably because I wouldn't ever show up to class (not because I was drunk mind you) but because I was so incredibly stressed and depressed. During my spring semester I decided to transfer back to the school I had gone to my freshman and sophomore year. This was also the year I turned 21. Surprisingly I really didn't drink at all on my birthday nor the following months (which I think I can attribute to some negative experiences back in middle school with it). But then my friend's parents went out of town for a week and my parents went out of town the following week. So we just had this huge drinking fest that lasted 2 weeks. It just felt so fucking good. I wasn't stressed out anymore. I wasn't depressed. ..Then I went back to my old school. All my friends drank every weekend so I joined in on the festivities. Then it turned into me drinking every day. I wasted all of my money I had earned from working during the summer. My nana would send me 10 bucks every week not knowing it was going specifically towards alcohol. I mean it got to the point where I was buying the low end alcohol so the money would last longer. I was hiding in my room every night and crying just about every night realizing my life was in fucking shambles but I didn't want to give it up because it felt good...I finally graduated in 2015 and lived with my parents for a few months. Stole liquor from the cabinet and drank in my bedroom in secret. I'm sure they knew. A lot of it was probably denial because they didn't want another kid who had issues with alcohol and/or drugs. I got a job moved a couple hours away and surprisingly for 4-5 months I was sober. Usually because I kept myself so busy and didn't want to be hungover at my new job. But then I got comfortable. I started buying alcohol once or twice a week. I knew my parents knew because I had an account that they could see. So I had to start getting crafty. Sticking with beer from the grocery store pulling out money from the ATM all because I was ashamed of my habit. I eventually got my own account and now my savings account is completely drained because such a large chunk goes to alcohol. I consistently hate myself. ..I've gotten to the point where it's not that I want it it's just my body feels like I need it to function normally. I don't even enjoy it. I just making a fool out of myself and hate myself the next day. ..So here I am. Day 1 of sobriety. Making plans to visit several AA meetings and Refuge Recovery so I can hopefully stay sober. And now I'm having this huge internal fight with my brain who is trying to rationalize one more day of drinking. It sucks. I hate it. I just wish my brain functioned normally and I could drink like a normal person does...I'm sorry this was so long winded and scattered. It's just hard to think properly and I feel like I'm just in this incredibly desperate place but it was nice to get it out. 
----------immediate responses--------

The internal fight--I know that all too well. I struggled with that and lost nearly every day. I am 10 days so sober and have found that it gets easier day by day especially after waking up hangover and guilt free. There are lots of words of wisdom I have picked up here. One being that you will never wake up regretting not drinking the night before and the other is to just take it day by day and not think too much into the future and just get through today. .When I struggle I read posts on this site to reaffirm why I am doing this and seeing others going through the same thing really gives me strenght. If you can just get through tonight I have no doubt that tomorrow you will wake up so happy that you did not drink. 
[deleted]
Hope you find a meeting today .welcome to day two!  
