-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4s6jiz/my_alcoholism_knows_no_bounds/

Day 554: Kitten has not imbibed. Morning "prayers" done. Basic adulting done. Kitten is ready for the day. ..I got 18 months a week ago. I didn't go to a meeting to get my chip instead I hung out with my friend who drinks. Not the way I expected to spend a day I was looking forward to but I choose an alcoholic over getting my chip. But isn't choosing alcohol in some form or another what I've historically done? It's concerning to me that even though I am sober I am reverting back to old behaviors...I was dating my friend before I moved. We started talking again and my alcoholic brain took it to the extreme. I know it won't work out because it's a very unhealthy relationship. It ended on bad terms a few months ago and when he came back I went back. *I went back*. In the beginning it was good but the good times we're slowly replaced by the not good. And in the end one time was downright scary. But I went back. *Sounds oddly familiar...right?*..That's because my behavior in this relationship is pretty much exactly like my behavior in my relationship with alcohol. It started out "good". Fun times all around. Then it started to get marred by the bad times. At first it was something small. Then a fun night would happen erasing that small something bad. Then another bad night followed by a string of a few more bad. Then one good night that would erase the bad. (Except it never really did erase the memory & feelings of it.) Then a horrible night. I'd vow I'd never drink/talk to that guy again. But with the drinking...I always went back. I always took that first drink. I did that for 15 years before one morning I woke up and couldn't do it anymore. My relationship with alcohol became so abusive so toxic that I knew it would eventually kill me. ..This relationship is toxic and started to get emotionally abusive. But I went back. He said the things I wanted to hear stroked my ego. And while the last few times I saw him it wasn't as "bad" as it was towards the end I couldn't forget what had happened before. I saw myself falling back into the same thinking the same behaviors. That I have to compare & say it wasn't as bad as before that's a definite sign to me this relationship isn't right...no matter how much I may think I love him. Because I loved alcohol at one time too before I realized it was holding me back & trying to kill me. ..I say this because alcohol was but a symptom for me. A symptom of a ton of underlying issues that I never wanted to deal with. Just because I took the alcohol away doesn't mean all the other issues went away too. Actually it made me more acutely aware of all the other stuff. I have issues with my self-esteem trust relationships and honesty (to name a few and I'm sure more will be revealed lol). It's a struggle sometimes to face those issues and deal with them. I downright don't want to sometimes and now that I don't have alcohol I try & use other things to avoid dealing with them...including relationships. ..So I apply what I'm learning in recovery to this relationship too. Just don't talk to this person for today. If they do talk to me be honest. Be open to listening to them and be willing to do what I need to do to stay emotionally sober. I want to handle this like an "adult" which in my head means reaching out to them to tell them why I don't think this is working but I haven't yet. Mostly because we haven't made the effort to talk to each other since we last hung out (which I am grateful for because I'm not ready to do the adult thing & just tell them I need to break it off.) I feel eventually we'll talk again & I'm hoping by that time I'll have processed what I feel enough to talk to them in a calm and respectfully manner about why I can't continue with the relationship. *Drinking Kitten would NEVER have been able to have this line of thinking.* ..Stopping drinking removing alcohol from my life was only the beginning. 18 months later I'm still working still moving forward. I get really lonely sometimes. I have the urge to merge lately I want to start building a life with someone to think about a future with kids and a house. Those we're hopes and desires I didn't have 18 months ago. But I realize I just started a new life 18 months ago that requires me to build a solid foundation for the things I hope to have in the future. To clear away the wreckage so my future can find it's way to me. So even though I am lonely now asking why I can't have a boyfriend husband kids and house right now I realize it's because I am not ready for it. And instead repeatedly asking why I don't have these things yet I work to make myself ready for what the future holds by doing what's in front of me right now...which at the moment means paying my bills lol and working on my career. Once again searching for a solution rather than repeatedly asking why-why-why is not something Kitten would've done 18 months ago. But it's what a sober Kitten does now. ..Regardless of how many days you have keep moving I promise it is worth it for the peace of mind you get when you go to sleep at night sober & knowing you did what you needed to. ..Thanks for ready a *very* long winded Kitten self-pep talk lol. The loneliness will pass I don't have to sit in it and I will enjoy the day. I hope you enjoy the day as well. Stay safe out there fellow sobies and I'll stay sober with you today. Kitten out. 
----------immediate responses--------

I found alanon to be very important in my recovery...As I heard at a meeting today my "people picker" was twisted.  I needed to set boundaries needed to get validation from myself and depend less on others to (not) give it to me.  Most of us have an alcoholic somewhere in our past or passed out in a closet that's all we need to go to those meetings...Be aware though they vary as do AA meetings and look for ones where the focus is kept on us not the "qualifier"
Relationships are tough. I learned a few things from failed relationships the most important of which is that I would much rather be lonely than miserable which is how my last boyfriend made me feel.  I watched what he did (assault a waiter for some perceived slight) then realized (played the tape forward) that one day he would likely assault me too.  That was a light bulb moment and made the decision to end the relationship easy.  The surprise was that I was not lonely at all rather I felt free.   I hope you can come to some similar moment of clarity.   And I will not drink with you today
Thank you kitten I need to read this. 
