-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4s7hy4/lonely/

I'm typing this out on a new account cuz too many of my friends read my shit on my main account. I'll be five months sober in nine days just so ya know. I had so much fun with my best friend last night. We drove around in my car catching pokemon & stopping by all the pokecenters around town & we got like sixty pokeballs & caught a weedle in the walgreens lol xD ..We are so much alike she's the only person I feel completely comfortable around & I feel so happy whenever I'm with her. We're both goofy as shit & I swear she's like my twin. I care about her so much & whenever I'm not with her I feel so lonely. Like hanging with my other friends just isn't as fun anymore because it's just not the same. I'd tell my therapist this but my appointment isn't for another two weeks...I'm entering this in this subreddit because people here truly care about one another I've always gotten positive responses here. I feel so lonely sometimes that all I want to do is get drunk so I don't think about it as much. I've had so many relapse dreams lately & it scares me so much because in the dreams it feels so devastating because I know that if I do actually relapse alcohol will take over my life for good again. It scares the shit out of me I wish I weren't an alcoholic especially being as young as I am.
----------immediate responses--------

sorry you're feeling alone..congrats on nearly five months!
Congrats on coming up on 5 months!!  I'm lonely myself just moved to a new city.  I also just reset my badge.  Was drinking alone A LOT to try to forget feeling lonely.  But after a while that didn't work just made me more depressed and I would think about it even more.  Also dear God being hungover sucks...Drinking alone definitely isn't going to get me out to meet new people and it makes me sound sloppy sad and annoying when I'm on the phone with family.  ..Sorry you're feeling lonely.  I hope we can both get past that feeling.  I hope to make some new sober friends soon too.
Being lonely is so hard. I hope you find what you need here. I certainly have.
Congrats on 5 months.  Loneliness passes.  Enjoy your friend when you have the chance.  Find another new pursuit or two.  Stay away from getting drunk.  nothing good comes from that!
I think it's normal. Normal for me. I was never very good at being close. And when people moved on or away I didn't know how to connect with people outside of a bar. That's how I met my lovers and friends before right?..But it wasn't/isn't the same. Those are single serving friends they come and like shots. Easy warm soothing and gone in an instant. The people you meet there at happy hour are only there for an hour.  And the loneliness is much sharper when  you leave..
Ya know I think we all experience the loneliness. My depression has been kicking my butt until last week. My therapist really got me thinking about things that I like to do but never do/did. ..I always wanted to build my own PC. So I did! Haven't brought it home or told my wife yet but screw it. I really enjoyed it. Made me happy. ..I know nothing about Pokemon. Just downloaded it about an hour ago. Can't wait to try it at work tomorrow. Something fun ..Just do things that make you feel good and that get you excited. The good feelings flow ..Not drinking with ya today!
