-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4s7olp/the_monster_i_love/

.I sit here in a lonely house reluctantly doing the job I was supposedly born to do. It's an open house. Sunday 3:22 PM. Not a soul has walked through those doors. Not a soul. But here I sit. Soulless and vacant. Was that a metaphor? Maybe. You decide. ..Let's run with it. ..This house used to be a home. It had love family laughter kindness anger sadness harsh words and hugs good night. Today it sits empty only the strangely loud sound of these keys being struck and the half-hearted hum of an air conditioner struggling against an Alabama summer. The paint is pretty the floors shine but there's a strange odor coming from a defunct fridge and mildewed towels in the washer. The sun streams through the plantation blinds but it doesn't touch the corners   that's where the dust bunnies dwell. .Empty and full of echoes with furniture and fixtures that don't quite fit. The pieces that tied them all together are gone shipped away or left on the curb for the garbage man to claim. ..There's your metaphor. ..The inside of an addict. Empty and soulless. Stripped of everything that made him human. Some pretty pieces are left but the joy the anguish the LIFE are gone. ..My first arrest was at 15. It was at a music festival. Being tall and a bit brave I bought some beer from a vendor for all my friends. Just one Miller tallboy for me. I felt so cool walking down the road with that beer in hand until the cop grabbed me. Then I didn't feel so great. My parents picked me up from the holding pen. When I got home they didn't say much. I walked into my room to find that my parents who didn't have a whole lot of disposable income at the time had completely painted and redecorated my room   even bought me a new drafting/drawing desk...I cried my eyes out. ..That was probably the first time I thought maybe I'm naturally bad...Other kids would have stayed away I dove in. ..Selling drugs followed...Busted at 18 with a half-pound of weed in the car...I changed schools to protect my family's reputation...There's the monster...Meth Acid X and fights with my brother in the front yard. ..I didn't speak with him for a year after that. ..I believed in the monster that was me a bit more. This was who I was. Why fight it?..Arrests broken hearts evictions more arrests more lost friends. 15 years of them...Now I always landed on my feet. Drugs came and went. Addictions or infatuations always faded but the monster just got stronger...All the joy and light in my life had to be snuffed out. Whenever there was flicker of hope or success or love or joy I had to destroy it. Mostly today it's booze. Every day I belly up to the bar. I've made over forty thousand dollars this year and I'm -$2.22 in my bank account right now. I've drove away a beautiful woman because she couldn't stand how much I hate myself. ..The monster always comes back. The hateful person. The empty one. The one who sucks the life out of everyone around him. ..Now I'm probably going to jail on Thursday because I failed a drug test for cocaine which I don't even like or remember doing. I just couldn't stand the quiet of my apartment and the people on the TV. I had to be around someone do something. I did. I woke up the next day and went to work not knowing what I did while blacked out. ..But the monster wasn't too beaten up didn't have a headache or cotton mouth. Couldn't be that bad. ..Oh well. I was wrong. ..I blew it up again. Like I've blown it up many times before...But I'm so tired of being the monster. I'm so tired of being a burden to those that love me. I just want to find joy again. ..I want to make it last...But when the only flicker of life and joy you have is when you start to transform into that beast it's not easy to stop. That pain hurts so good...J..
----------immediate responses--------

You're right it's not easy to stop when that's all you've ever known. It is possible though. Plenty of examples on this sub of people who have learned different ways of living. Stick around.
Very well written.  Nice use of metaphor and usage of descriptors and modifiers.  ..Letting the monster die from anaemic desuetude might provide a step toward eventual freedom and steps toward joy...Sorry to hear about your impending possibility for incarceration...Are you seeking sobriety?  Can you use that as a starting point?..What support do you want or need?..Just for today I don't drink with you. 
[deleted]
[removed]
