-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4s9rb6/so_the_big_scary_thing_happened/

And I didn't drink. ..I've been struggling with some court stuff lately.  3 years of lawyers has lead to the matter finally being brought before a judge.  To my pleasure the judge seems to be looking to resolve the issue.  (family dispute) ..Some of you might have read my previous post about "thinking about drinking" because of the stress I'm going through.  ..Funnily enough it's not the stress it's the absence of stress once this is finally over that's leading me to think about drinking.  The relief!  ..There's another hearing on Thursday to hopefully gain some finality in the matter.  In a lot of ways I'll be happy with whatever outcome but I have a feeling things will go well.  3 fucking years to get it to this point though is just such a waste.  Money and time down the drain.  Not to mention the missed opportunities because I haven't been able to commit to work/relationships etc.  Too much else going on.  "baggage" or "skeletons" etc.  The overt kind.  ..Anyway... just a bit of a share.  I had a craving this afternoon but did not cave.  In 2 more days I'll have to look the judge in the eye.  I don't want to waver. ..I'm just glad he seems to have an objective take on things and doesn't just take what people say as truth.  I guess he's seen a lot of bullshit in his time.  :/  ..Crossing fingers for Thursday... and then to celebrate by doing things I enjoy for the weekend.  ..Kicking along well... all things considered!  
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you mate and well done on staying strong. I'm hope everything goes well!
Ahh I get the overwhelming sense of relief from your post. It's good that you see that drinking will not be a celebration but like your court battles just more "money and time down the drain". Congrats on not caving!
Nice job! Enjoy your sober celebration and let us know what you decide to get into!
keep doing what you're doing and let us know how it goes.
The exact thing happens to me!! Going through a brutal divorce and I thought the was no end in site! Out of the a settlement was reached and I was soooo relieved. That was a huge trigger for me. I have never wanted a drink so bad! I thought to my self... Now I realize when I make my daily pledge I say I will not drink today no matter what happens to me GOOD or bad. Usually it's the bad things that want me to drink. That day it was the GOOD!! 
I'm glad things are coming to a resolution...I hear you on the relief leading to cravings. For me it's the quiet times when I'm relaxed and things are going well that I have to watch. That's when cravings catch me off guard and hit surprisingly strong. If I'm stressed or angry or otherwise feeling strong emotions I can anticipate craving booze. I'm prepared and ready.
I've beem dealing with legal/financial stuff for five years and I totally get the stress part -- good for you for not caving!  And for not "celebrating"! it's amazing how my mind can use either as an excuse to drink...
You need to really look at the feelings you are having and determine if they are really urges to drink.  I had similar emotions when something positive happened.  At first glance it felt like an urge to drink by when I reflected more I realized that I was just exited and had a surge of positive energy.   I was so use to burning off that energy by drinking/partying that I was confusing it for an urge to drink.   You may just be getting surges of positive energy.  Go out socialize and burn it off without drinking.  See if that works.   Break the association between that surge of positive energy and drinking.    Good luck!
