-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sgnv6/another_relapse/

TL;DR: Relapsed after rehab doctors and meetings. Gotta try again come up with some new approach...On the plus side I lasted over a month which is pretty unprecedented (happened once before). On the other hand I REALLY tried this time. I went to doctors to rehab and to real life support group meetings. If all that failed I might be in some pretty big trouble here. ..Part of the issue is that I'm going entirely on faith which is difficult for an atheist. I cannot imagine even in my wildest dreams a life worth living. However I've only ever been sober for month a couple of times. That's probably not long enough to change my perspective...I've been on this sub long enough to know that people are going to wonder what I'm going to do differently this time. Honestly I'm not up to answer that question right now. I can only think of trying different variations on what I've already tried (different meeting doctors blah blah blah). Unless I think of something new I doubt anything is going to change...It's been such a long time since I've experienced anything close to a "win" if anyone knows what I mean. Professionally creatively romantically...everything is static. I fail even when I try small little things which further robs me of vibrancy which leads to more failure. I have a lot sympathy for whom I used to consider "losers"; this is a bad cycle to get into. Hypothetically it should be possible to "un-loser" myself but man this is rough...I understand that a lot of you will read (accurately) some very bad attitude in this post and for that I apologize. This group has been inspirational to me. I confess that I'm availing myself of the "support" function of this group as much as I am soliciting peoples thoughts and experiences. I come off just as dour in real life which makes people not really want to help me (and I need help ha ha). This is one of the few communities where some of you will know where I'm coming from so I thank you for your attention.
----------immediate responses--------

Many of us have gotten and stayed sober with no faith in anything but ourselves and the likelihood that the sun will rise over this old earth tomorrow. ..I can't say what will help you but what has helped me get my life on track after drinking heavily for thirty years is gratitude for the simple things. There is so much beauty on this earth. Music is a wonderful thing that brings me joy. So many people on this earth are kind and wise and have great stories to tell. A bicycle ride on a very early Saturday along a nice trail is a better high than alcohol ever gave me. Chocolate chip cookies are pretty great and fresh Ontario fruit in season brings me to almost believe in a god of some description...And so forth. Life is not perfect for the vast majority of us most of us will never be rich never have a perfect job never drive a jaguar and never be drop dead good looking. Yet we still can all appreciate a nice day a great song and a bowl of cherries. And we can appreciate them more when we are unimpaired..
As an atheist I found help by reading The Biology of Desire The Easyway to Stop Drinking This Naked Mind and Rational Recovery.  I began to internalize the fact that alcohol is a poison to the central nervous system and when present it distorts our thinking.  I tested whether that was true by removing alcohol from my body substituting other goodies like chocolate ice cream what ever I wanted.   Within a month I saw changes that I liked so I kept on with that strategy.  At six months I am free from the compulsion to drink alcohol but I still crave chocolate!  And that is an improvement. No more depression.  I have weaned myself off of the benzos that my doctor prescribed for anxiety.   The pleasures of life for me now are gardening smelling the fresh air exercise enjoying the beauty of nature.....I wish you the best of luck in your recovery and please keep coming back.   
It's good to see you posting!..I can relate in struggling to have faith that I could realize a sober life worth holding onto. It occurred to me that it wasn't purely a leap of faith: I saw others on here achieve long-term sobriety many of whom also reported improved appreciation for or quality of life. I reasoned that I'm not so different I could probably follow suit. I focused on just putting as much time as possible between me and my last drink and it took me four months to decide that my sober life was something I value and want to hold onto. My life is not perfect but it's definitely better for being freed from alcohol I value being present in it these days.
Awesome books I've read most of them. Thanks for a cheerful reply!
Yeah I need to make sure this lasts longer. At the moment I'm back into all the old mind games we all know to well bargaining and so forth. Just gotta make it through the day at this stage.
Hey u/zenostarget !  Glad you're here.  Congrats on your month!  Do you think that similar to Zenos arrow you get closer by half each time?..Help me understand if you will.  When you say "I'm going entirely on faith"; what do you mean?..Secondly when you write "I cannot imagine a life worth living"; what do you mean?..I want to understand better because these appear very important to you...Finally it sounds like you're doing all the right things.  In fact you've been able to do it for a month!..Look forward to your response...Just for to day I don't drink with you.
