-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sh0kx/long_time_lurker_first_time_poster/

I'm not super comfortable posting yet (I'm introverted even on the internet) but after a series of false-starts and relapses I think I need to take a new approach and be more vocal...So here I am a 32 yo American male in the deep south who has been trying to quit drinking for several years now. I'm high-functioning never been in trouble for drinking but it makes me a sad bloated unmotivated sack who feels like shit all the time. Yet I still struggle giving it up completely...I've had some successes this year. I went over 40 days sober a couple months ago and I've done a few smaller sober spurts since then. Unfortunately I struggle keeping the "fuck-its" at bay where I just give up caring about staying sober. ..I'm sick of the relapse cycle. I'm here to get support and make a vow to keep trying. Day 1 for me today.
----------immediate responses--------

There is great support here! Congrats on your decision. You don't have to feel like shit anymore. I pledge not to drink with you today.
Sounds clich  but stay strong. I've had a couple of those "fuck it" moments and even found myself outside a liquor store at one point cursing at the people going inside. But I had to ask myself "will this really make things better?" One thing that I had to realize was my drinking doesn't just hurt me it hurts everyone around me. You'll hear everyone say this "but it gets better". It really does. I'm just over 100 days and I couldn't be happier with life when those "fuck it" moments come now I think about how I can solve the problem rather then mask it. Have you thought about trying a meeting? They're not for everyone but it definetly helped me during my first couple months of recovery being around people in the same boat. Hang in there man it just gets better and better. 
Welcome :) We sound kinda similar - trying to quit for a longer time period high-functioning but still destroying ourselves bit by bit and not living life to our truest potential. I also had some time sober last year and it was amazing but couldn't keep on. ..I just want to wish you good luck. For me it really helps when I make an accountability post and actively participate in this subreddit (amongst others). I also pledge to not drink with you today!
You found a good place. Glad you made it :)
I do smart recovery meetings and I love it.  I even drop into an occasional AA meeting but don't drink the Kool-aid.  I just sit and listen and take the good and leave the rest.  I went from having "fuck it" moments to having "fuck that" moments.
Nice one mate lots of support being sent your way from the UK. Welcome and stay strong. Here with you staying sober and looking forward to waking up fresh again tomorrow. 
Come on let's do this!
Thanks for posting Mpr2176! I'm a fellow poster from the south (ATL) and I am 37 years old. I've also been struggling with the "fuck its" the past year. I'll get 40 days or so then say fuck it. I too considered myself "high functioning" as I never had a DUI never got fired never hurt my wife or kids etc... but also like you I was tired of feeling like shit all the time. Anyway I'm glad you are here. We've got this!!
Get aboard and keep up the great work.  
gratz. going sober one day means you can keep it up. youve got what it takes
 Lots of support here from the deep south of Connecticut! I got you. 
Btw today's quote is just for you ;)..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sfl17/tuesdays_quote/
I'm deep in the Heart of Dixie as well. Alabama to be semi-specific.
Hey there. I'm really in a similar situation as you. I feel exactly the same about my drinking. I survive it but only just. It makes me feel like absolute crap. 
