-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sjlsc/how_do_you_fight_the_urge/

I know i know probably asked a lot nonetheless I could use some guidance. For me drinking is just a thing to do...like having some crackers or sipping a glass of water it's just a habit...I can go a few days just fine but around day 3 or 4 it becomes a real crazy struggle. I feel anxious annoyed more fidgety than usual. ..What do you all do when you feel the urge creeping in?
----------immediate responses--------

I am also in this position. In the past months I have also failed several times at day four. Usually this is a thursday when I am mentally tired from work. Then the drinking starts over. I am hoping to get past it by checking in and to today not drink.
I try to figure out why I'm really having the urge. Is it because it's a habit? Well that's a terrible habit - time to go watch a movie or do just about anything else. Is it because I'm bored? So bored I'd rather poison myself to numb out all feeling and rational thought and feel like crap all day tomorrow? Assuredly I can find something better to do. So I refocus my perspective of the urge... I think of it as my little addiction monster scratching at my brain for a fresh fix. Well he can scratch all he wants. The only reason he's doing that is because I'm not feeding him. The longer he goes without being fed the more he's dying. Now he can easily be revived because he's a zombie monster but if I don't feed him he will die for now. So I laugh at him scratching because I know it just means I'm winning the war...Die little monster a long and painful death. 
&gt; What do you all do when you feel the urge creeping in?..About two years ago I finally made a decision that I was quitting no matter what and determined that although the urges are not fun or pleasant there were only two ways to get rid of them.  ..One was to drink which created its own miseries which was why I was trying to stop in the first place and drinking would only postpone such feelings to another day when I tried to quit again.  ..The second was to deal with them refuse to drink no matter how unpleasant they got and ride them out hoping that they would eventually go away.  Well I finally took the second route (after countless times of giving in and drinking) and I can say with all honesty that I have no desire to drink anything with alcohol in it at all ever.  The urges/cravings/thoughts about drinking went away completely for me a long time ago - maybe around the 60 day mark...It is definitely a habit/addiction that is very hard to break and very easy to fall back into for me as I had a couple of times I quit for a decent stretch and went back to drink and was daily again in no time as if I never stopped...Sorry for the long response but I also wanted to say that for me days 1-5 were easily the hardest (and those first five days were harder than the last year and a half combined).
[removed]
I just get in my head and really think about why I feel like drinking. Why would drinking enhance this situation? If I drink what then is the next activity? Once I think of the next activity then I think why do I need to drink to get to that next thing? What's the point? To make it more fun? You can have fun without it. It's hard to get past that idea but it's so true! I'm only 25 days in but this helped me so much!
For me it's the whole paying the tape the whole way through thing. Sure the idea of a drink is nice but the reality of it isn't. A lot of people I know use a technique called urge surfing.  ..http://www.mindfulness.org.au/urge-surfing-relapse-prevention/..
Well for me first I made a decision:  Will a Be Sober or Not?..After I decided to stop drinking then i built a support network and acquired tools and methods...Is this what you're asking?
Exercise! Personally I get out for a jog or bike ride. In the evening before bedtime  I'll read or work on a crossword puzzle.
Doing things that are incompatible with drinking helped me early on. For example I would go to an AA meeting (people don't drink alcohol much in AA meetings - it's frowned upon!) I would call my sponsor I would hang out with people who are sober I started playing tennis (playing tennis and drinking alcohol don't work well together!)
Today is my first day of stopping. The urge to drink has been crazy strong at times. I am literally taking it one hour at a time...When the urge to drink has been really bad then I tell myself that I have to wait for one hour before doing anything. I can stand anything for an hour...28 minutes left in this hour..Sober for 14 hours and 32 minutes.
You. Son. Of. A. Bitch. You just nailed this in a way I couldn't ever make sense of. Thank you and thank you stopdrinking
