-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4spthm/i_know_its_bad_but_god_i_really_want_a_drink/

I'm trying not to drink after probably 10 years of heavy drinking and it is really hard. I already had 1 relapse last week but Friday is coming and all I want to do go buy that bottle of Rum and dive into it. The next day always sucks but that night feels so good. Help
----------immediate responses--------

You obviously want to quit or else you wouldn't be here. Why do you want to quit?
No one ever wakes up the next morning wishing they drank the night before. Don't do it. You are stronger than the booze!
Who do you have IRL to help keep you accountable?
No one ever wakes up the next morning and says "You know I was too Sober last night."...You've got 2 days.  Make it 3..........Just for today I don't drink with you.
Thinking how bad the hangover will be in the morning if I drink got me through tonight. If I drink tonight I borrow health freedom and happiness from tommorow.
I'll join you tonight in not drinking. Let's do this! 
I have to walk by a bar and a (formerly favorite) brewery every day after work. Some days it's harder. I really only drank to escape and the need for escape hasn't magically lessened since I quit. Tonight I'm going to AA. That helps.
I feel ya. I won't drink tonight either!!
Oh god...that rum demon used to live inside me too. I found the best way to kill him is not to feed him. He'll scream for a while but eventually he melts away. Good luck in the battle...posting here is a good first step. Keep coming back!
What can you do to make sure you don't drink?..Maybe make plans to go out to dinner and maybe a movie?  Or a museum?  Or bowling?  Or canoeing?  Or an AA/RR (Rational Recovery) or similar type of meeting?  Or heck buy each of you your very own pint of Ben &amp; Jerry's.  :)  ..I don't know what you like to do but try to figure out something that's rewarding and interesting enough that you both like...--.You don't have to drink if you don't want to and you don't have to drink even if you *do* want to.  :)..EDIT: Maybe a picnic dinner at a park?
i know exactly what you mean. i just set up my meeting with my sponsor for fridays so i would have someone to talk with about it in case i was feeling overpowered.
Yeah I usually feel good for about 2 hours while getting my drunk on but the other 22 ain't so great.  As I aged the negatives started to increase exponentially. I wish I would have got a handle on it earlier.  
Thanks for all the great help. Make it through another night without drinking. I have be honest I had a beer when I got home but I have not touched my real problem hard liquor ( RUM) this seems to go down like water. I can't stop once I start with rum. I blame on my honeymoon to cuba. lol. Thanks again for all the support
