-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sszmr/a_newcomer_trying_to_figure_this_thing_out_or_on/

My dad was an alcoholic who stopped drinking for 20 years relapsed once for 6 months then stayed sober for the rest of his life. He went to AA meetings and never told me how he reasoned it all out and found the strength to quit so I don't know but it would've been helpful because I now realize I have a problem.  I am not sure whether his power source was God or something else. ..This is how I am breaking it down...however you label it it's all about that brief moment between stimulus and response. (Stimulus: it's five o'clock; Response: reach for the bottle opener?) ..That quick instant when you have the power to choose. Do you act like an animal on autopilot and not choose at all let your impulses or factors outside of you dominate? ..Or do you have the power to choose?  Do you believe that power is in you? Do you feel powerless yourself and instead draw power from another (higher?) source? In any case I think for me it helps to have some awareness of a source of power - for me personally that's inside and looks something like a fire or a revolutionary fist. ..And what is your decision based on? What are your values? Is it your core religious beliefs? Is it your principles of responsibility and concern for others? ..Wherever that confidence that you have a choice comes from exercising it is the next step. That requires consciousness in that brief moment between stimulus and response. For me it has been critical to..1) COMMIT to not go on autopilot and ..2) wholly BELIEVE that I have a power source to choose (for me personally that is within - I am proving to myself this power exists and is strong for another that may be a diety) ..3) DEFINE my values: what is a good life? connectedness service responsibility..4) ANTICIPATE the stimuli (triggers - "it's 5:00")..5) carefully PLAN ahead my response (I will drink ice water) ..6) REFLECT on how I am living up to my values am I making a good life?..A vital factor for me in every aspect of this is and will be the sharing in this community. It is larger than myself and has been feeding my strength clarifying my strategy. I don't feel alone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Looks like you have what you need.  As an atheist I also find the power to be internal.  What AA does is provides a group of people who share their stories and are understanding of ours; that acceptance has been helpful to me in not feeling so alone.  But SD has been critical to my success so far in making that daily decision that I will not drink today.   Identifying triggers keeps me on my toes and having backup plans if I am uncomfortable does the rest.  Good luck to you and keep coming back!
As stated in AA a higher power does not necessarily have to be "God" or anything based on religion. I don't want to be unoriginal but I definitely think you understand that it's about admitting the problem is bigger than yourself...This is not to say you cannot have the inner strength to overcome it. I just believe you also need a strong support system and an awakening. After a length of sobriety I've been able to rid the option of drinking from my brain. It's simply not an option in the sense of jumping out my window and flying is not an option. (It may sound ridiculous but I don't know how else to phrase it.)..Congratulations on your sobriety and your strength. May you maintain this velocity and overcome. No I will not drink with you today :)
Yes my animalistic brain has been known to take over.  my reward response is strong. I believe with the right training we can change these responses though.  Autopilot can mean action towards healthier rewards.  This is slowly taking place for me. It did not happen overnight.  Actually my journey began years ago with serious thoughts about my alcohol addiction.  I will keep progressing.  
I used to live without a concept of spirituality or higher power. Then one day I kind of stopped and thought about physics and pi and language and everything and I felt like there was some sort of order or direction to the universe on a whole. I also thought about whether or not I'm in charge of anything at all like what power do I have? There's always something bigger that trumps me and something bigger than that something and so on. It just makes sense to me given the evidence that I'm not the center of the universe and that I'm not in control. So it's all in my head perhaps but life is easier when I'm not striving for the impossible (control) all the time.
