-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4svz95/how_can_i_lose_the_reputation_of_being_the_on_who/

I have stressed to my friends after a deep relapse - I am done with drinking. They all laughed and just said how funny and embarrassing I am when i'm drunk and I won't be there same and it isn't a big deal - but it's different when YOURE the one being laughed at and how my bad relationship with alcohol is seen as funny. I don't WANT to be this anymore but nobody is taking me seriously and feels like it's a joke when I'm black out drunk doing things that reflect zero self respect or decency how do I transform myself in my mid twenties - is it possible or is it too late? EVERYONE I know associates me with 'pea likes a drink' and that title has become tragic now but only to me  - my 'friends' see it as something funny or amusing.
----------immediate responses--------

Time and distance? Eventually the new you will supplant the old you in their minds.
It doesn't matter what their expectations are.  What matters are your actions.  Their expectations will change in time..
.By not drinking. ..Simple doesn't mean easy though.
It took me a while to shake that reputation. I did it by being honest with my friends about my issues and telling them I was going to be taking a break from hanging out for a while. It was what I had to do so I could learn a new sober life. After a few months of me consistently showing that I was trying to make a change they started to even respect my decision. I wasn't doing it for them though. Their newfound respect for sober-me was just a side effect. 
I like the saying "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit."..What 'you' are is always in flux. If you change your behavior other people will perceive you differently for the simple fact that you have changed.
Those don't sound like friends.  They sound like drinking buddies.  There is a difference....
I know what that's like and recently my "best" friend dumped me because i was no longer the fun/funny drinking partner so.....*SHAME ON THEM*! ..sorry not to be ugly but yeah they aren't really what I would call friends; they are only using you. Like u/PgMo said "Time and distance"  from that environment and negative vibe may do the trick. You have a better future and a new sober reputation that you are developing. ..My experience is that through A.A. and other sober places i am making some new friends that truly enjoy and love the real me. and apparently i am funnier and 'more entertaining' sober than when i was wasted. ..by-the-way be proud of yourself you have *195 friction* days under your belt...you are awesome in my book!
&gt;is it too late? ..No you're in your mid-twenties. :) You still have your whole life ahead of you. You can change.
I probably still have the reputation as the girl who will get drunk sleep with you and piss your bed...But those people aren't in my life anymore...My family sees me as a sober person. My husband has never seen me drunk neither have my new friends.
After about five years sober I relinquished the village idiot mantle.
New friends.
Some friends will embrace your sobriety and all that you bring to the table as a sober person. Others won't. It sucks but some relationships don't make it out of the bar. When I stopped drinking all of my friends supported me (because they all knew I had an issue haha) and the few acquaintances I drifted away from? I don't miss them. ..I drank heavily in my 20s and stopped when I was 30. I'm 32 now. It's absolutely not too late and you don't have to spend the rest of your life being someone's funny bar story. Good for you for seeing it and for wanting to do better. ..As everyone else has said action and consistency are key.
Your life is about what  you want to do not what others have in mind. I feel free to pass this along to you because it took me decades to grasp this and it costed me the best part of my life. Including my 20's that I spent miserably trying to fight alcoholism by adding ice to my rhum... Friends don't let friends dissolve in alcohol.
I lost that reputation by stopping drinking for an extended (and continued) period of time. 
