-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4swewq/it_has_hit_the_fan_and_i_am_not_feeling_like_i/

So mostly i have talked about my marriage issues and focused on this and my no drinking.  Now things have really hit the fan for me emotionally today and i just feel like i need a vacation from life!!.My daughter is in treatment for Herrion and Meth :( she is over the age of 18 so there is very little i can do other than ensure she is on my insurance and has the help and support she needs to get clean.  My father in law has stage 4 cancer in his liver and kidneys..On Monday my husband got a call that his youngest son had gotten into legal trouble was charged with a felony and we thought we would need to hire an attorney. On Tuesday morning we got a call that my daughter was getting discharged from the inpatient treatment center due to non-compliance and they were looking for a new location for her (We put he in a treatment center out of state ). On Wednesday morning we got a call my father in law was on his way to the hospital in the back of an aid car for trying to take a whole bottle of pain medicine trying to "end the Pain".  Wednesday afternoon i got a call my daughter wanted to just leave the center she was in because her x boyfriend is getting out of jail in a few days and she wants to come back home to him but she has no means to do so (just more major drama). Thursday morning i get a call that the new location they are trying to get my daughter into will not cover her with the insurance any longer and they need to discharge her. I do not want to bring her back home or to the same state even because i know she will go find this guy and relapse I feel like if i bring her home i am signing her death certificate (i also know i cannot control that and it kills me).  .I sent a text message to my husband who is also going through his own stuff with his father dying and he responds with an "i am sorry do what you feel is best"  WHAT THE HELL?? When he told me we may need to shell out Thousands for an attorney for his son i said OK let me know how i can help.  When he said we may need to move his son here (he lives out of state with his mom) i said ok let me know how i can help.  When he told me he may need to fly out of state to be with his dad i said ok let me know how i could help. Now there is a situation with my daughter and I do not feel like i have any support from him and last night he comes home telling me he lost his wedding ring.  OMG i feel like I lost my rock.  What happend to in sickness and in health? I am not trying to justify my drinking i just cannot believe a short amount of time (1 year) negates the 11 years of dedicated time support and love we had.  I feel like he has checked out on us and is only going through the motions to stay because i provide the medical insurance for his kids and him and he needs this right now to get his teeth fixed. I am sure this is not the truth but man i am so frustrated. I feel abandond and lost.  Since we have been together he has been my solid and now i feel like that is gone and i do not deserve it.  How long does one deserve to be punished? i did not cheat on him i did not go out and blow a ton of money I do not get it.  Also he tried to be intimate on Tuesday night and i turned him down so i feel like i am getting punished for this as well.  Today i have spend most the day in tears and do not feel my shoulders are strong enough to hold anything more. Maybe i should take a hot bath and go to bed early tonight. Feedback and constructive criticism is always most welcome.....GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Give it to you straight? Go to Al-anon. 
Getting a therapist is my best suggestion. Relying on your spouse to be your "rock" can be a heavy load for him to carryespecially given his family difficulties.  I had no idea what those who loved me went through when I was drinking. He has probably felt much the same as you do now. I found a variety of resources for support. Expecting those closest to me to always be there was unrealistic and unfair to them. Going to AA and having a therapist improved family relationships. 
OMG you have a lot on your plate.  I'm so sorry you're going through this.  The good news is you're sober.  You have a lot of tough decisions to make.  It sounds as if your husband isn't being a team player/parent or stepping up to the plate.  If it were me I'd try my hardest to ignore him &amp; get on with the business &amp; decisions at hand.  Get through the crisis then figure out your life with your husband.  Be a sober example to your daughter. I can't stress that enough.  None of this will be better dealt with drunk.  I usually cringe when I hear anyone say "get a therapist" but in your case if your significant other won't listen or talk things through with you paying for that service in the form of a therapist may not be a bad idea.  Best of luck to you.
just be patient with yourself for now. and always remember that alcohol makes things worse
I know you don't want to believe me but I have walked in your shoes --almost verbatim!  As for "*GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT!!!*".....He told you a month ago he wanted a divorce  --yeah yeah I know 'the ultimatum' of you stopping drinking. But in yesterday's post as I had already suspected you finally wrote:.&gt; *He admitted that i was doing everything he wished i would have done A YEAR AGO when he originally asked me to quit*..Did you try to quit then?  As I've told you about me I'd clean up my act for awhile but the lying sneaking around and all the cover-up games always crept back.  My Prince Charming finally had enough and I had run out of chances...As a side note: After we were divorced I asked him why he bothered with marriage counseling when he already knew divorce was imminent?  He flat out told me that if friends/family asked he could genuinely say "we tried everything"...as for:  .&gt; and is only going through the motions to stay because i provide the medical insurance for his kids and him and he needs this right now to get his teeth fixed. I am sure this is not the truth........Don't kid yourself.  ..I'm sorry for sounding so pessimistic but having taken true concern in *all* of your posts I feel you're being naive.  I would be taking a proactive interest in protecting my own finances..
Folks I'm talking your advise and I am going to see a divorce attorney.  He won't even tell me if he is willing to forgive me and give me another chance. I cannot live like this!
