-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sxfdb/how_old_is_everyone_in_this_sub/

I am currently trying to conquer the bottle and im 27 and been drinking heavy basically since i was 19. im curious what everyone else's age is in here and now how long you drank until you finally stopped. I ask because i want to know because i think if i know others numbers it will give me more motivation because im really struggling right now 
----------immediate responses--------

Same! I'm 27 I've been drinking since 15 actually took some years off between 21-23 and have been a full out raging alcoholic for the last 3-4 years
about the same as you guys. started early and have been slowly growing out of it for the last few years. i recently slowly did a ween and detox and am pretty happily sober at 30..for me i had kinda lost interest and finally decided to make it official. so my situation is a bit different/easier than for many
34 drank about 17 years..good luck! keep checking in :)
27 as well. Started young like yourself. Lighter drinking from 17-19? Drinking heavily over the past 2-3 years. Have been taking weeks off and back on. This is my first weekend I've not drank basically all day and I feel totally fine. Clear mind and exhausted from riding the bike. My heartburn has stopped entirely. I don't feel bloated and groggy. I haven't made a fool of myself yet either. Feels good.
I'm 30 years old and I started drinking heavily when I was 25.  
I'm 44 drank since I was 16 or 17. Backed off it a bit in my twenties but I was just preparing myself for my 30's. After my brother was killed. I hit it hard after that for about a decade. 
Age 37. Waking up hungover on my son's 10th birthday was the proverbial straw. By far not the worst thing that's happened because of my drinking but the memory of his birth juxtaposed against the reality of the kind of mother I was being and becoming led to a switch flipping. After three or four times trying to quit over the past few years I feel like I am finally getting it right. Coming here everyday is a big part of that. I hope you come back tomorrow. I am envious that you have the self-awareness to be here at 27. I wish I would have. (But I'm here now and I'm LOVING it!!  ) 
I'm 30 started when I was 12 and took some years off from 16 - 19 but was at it pretty hard til I turned 29.
42 now. First drink was I think at 15. My brain loved it from that first taste. At 21 or 22 it dawned on me I was a mess and couldn't drink like normal people therapy and meds and I stayed sober for a few years. Picked  it up socially again some time later was OK at first didn't drink daily maybe 2 days a week but heavily when I did. Somehow frequency and amount ramped up and I eventually found myself downing scary amounts (I'd estimate my "drinks per week" total often touched 100) without ever taking a day off. ..It's good to see so many younger folks getting a handle on this earlier in life. It only gets worse and harder the longer it goes on..
I remember president Carter
28 started drinking at 20. Didn't notice a problem until I was 25. Before then I think I just participated in pretty ordinary college party drinking. It was when I started drinking at home alone and spending every night fucked up in isolation  that was when I started to worry. ..I first quit when I was 26 for 70 days. Then I went back to drinking for two years and now I'm on my third attempt at sobriety. I'm doing AA this time and it's helped me a lot. 
28 . I started drinking at age 17. At 21-23 I thought it was just the party phase. At 23-25 I thought I was just coping badly with a tragic traumatic event (I was coping badly to be sure) and now at 28 happy and healthy I'm finally realizing there IS no reason. I'm a compulsive destructive binger. Period 
I'm 28 started drinking seriously at 18.
Wow a lot of twenty-seven-year-olds around here...I'm a member of that club as well. Started trying to get sober at... I really couldn't tell you. I attended my first AA meeting in 2012 and ha tried quitting for maybe a year before that...I started at 17 was physically addicted and an all-day drunk before my 21st birthday.
55.
I'm a 26 year old female. I've been drinking at least a bottle of wine a day since I was about 21. 
28..Started drinking 19/20 it picked up heavily in college after a few deaths in the family. A harsh break up and the death of a friend led me deeper into drinking. Ended up dropping out my senior year. Held down a job for a while drinking about 5 days a week. Eventually lost the job started drinking more. Few months pass and I finally pick up a new job start drinking less for a change &amp; visit a girl I had been interested in who lived in Vegas. Visit a few times always finding reasons to drink. Then moved out here relationship didn't work out but I stayed. Started drinking pretty much every night after work then on my breaks at work. Finally at a different job during work after catching a coworker doing it. It finally dawned on me that my drinking was an issue. About 3 years into Vegas I started my journey of sobriety. Made it 1 and 2 months a few times but always picked it back up. Eventually I told everyone I was quitting and got a great response with family friends &amp; SD support I'm where I'm at today. Maybe not where I want to be but certainly very far away from where I've been.
Gosh I remember vividly Apollo 11 landing on the moon the Vietnam War Watergate and the Beatles on the Ed Sullivan Show...Ok so I'm a little long in the tooth so-to-speak lol..But never too old to learn. ..I drank when i was in the military was clean while i was having kids (6) but started to have real alcohol problems when the then husband decided to walk out after i broke my leg. Its been a long and bad relationship with booze... but..I am on the mend now :)
I'm 22 years old.
hi I'm 33. got drunk for the first time at 17 and I was immediately hooked on the feeling of total oblivion. binge drank periodically through college. then during my mid-late 20s it escalated to consistent daily drinking with frequent binges/blackouts. **enough.** grown-ass women handle their shit...*edit: I'm super impressed by everyone here young and older alike. you all inspire me.
44 here. Started when I was 15 and hit the ground running after that until 3 years ago when I quit for 3 months. It was the best 3 months I can remember in a long time until I decided I was 'okay enough' to drink again.. I didn't have the tools or the know how back then as I do now..This time feels different but it's definitely taken longer to bounce back. Starting to feel good again at last...Long live this sub it's been a lifeline...
I'm 63 - an old fart to be sure. I've had a long and not so glorious relationship with alcohol. Still here I am with just over 200 days sober and wondering why the hell didn't wake up earlier. ..So now come Rubberneck - try and keep up with the old codger and don't look back. ..
I'll be 37 this year. Have been a binge drinker for over half my life and been wanting to stop for at least 2 years. Finally feel like I'm quitting for good.
35. Was in AA by 25.. Stayed sober just over a year been drinking since.. Now ready to stop again  
I got my first drunk on in my early teens. I loved drinking. I went to my first AA meetings in my mid 20s and managed to eke out 100 days during my 2 year involvement. Went back to drinking and functioned. Started to trying to get sober in my late 30s but struggled through most of my 40s to get sober...The consequences of drinking get worse. Quitting gets harder. I wish there was a do over button. 
26! .Started about 13 as a regular enough thing. Heaviest between 24-26. Pretty horrific since I was 17 though really.
i'm 35 started drinking kind of late (where i'm from) around 16-17 instantly was the biggest drinker in my circle. had some periods where i drank less. began really drinking a lot and at home alone around 28. had about 6 months sober time when my mom suddenly passed away (from drinking) 2 days before my 31st bday. a few weeks after that my "fuck it" attitude kicked in for a couple of years. followed by another sober period of some months followed by another 2 years of mayhem. each time back to drinking is just worse and worse... and now here i am :-)
43
I am 39 started drinking at 18 when I went to university. Have been a very heavy drinker on and off since then especially during and after times of stress or when I lacked confidence. I quit 3 times while pregnant each time and went back to seriously heavy drinking 3 years ago. Another period of stress last November led to me drinking more than ever before constantly hungover pains in my abdomen constant indigestion constant diarrhea depressed and always irritable...Now I am 5 months sober and happier than ever before .
I'm 21 started drinking and using drugs when I was 14 started heavily drinking (where I considered myself an alcoholic even though I was half-joking) when I was 19. It took me until last week to realize that 5-6 drinks every night wasn't normal. Not remembering how I got home or where I was wasn't normal. ..Alcoholism knows no age. Doesn't matter if you're 15 or 55 if it negatively affects your life it's a problem. 
25
54 and loving the 50s.
27 :) My moods are all over the place at the moment still feel a sense of grief at the loss of my boozy weekends but I'm taking it a day at a time. I've been drinking heavily over the last ten years my body and mind are truly starting its healing process. 
I'm 21. Drank more than was healthy for the last couple years. It got worse in the last 6 months especially the last month or two. ..The drinking was just the most recent in a long line of maladaptive coping mechanisms though. 
I'm 38 started drinking around 17. My drinking kind of slowed down in my mid 20s work going back to school all that important life stuff. Then it skyrocketed in my 30s. I wish I quit sooner but better late than never :)
I've just turned 31 and have binge drunk heavily since I was 16 so for half my life.  ..Over the last couple of years it has changed from just weekend binging to 2 or 3 pints every weeknight with 2 midweek lunchtime sessions (3 pints as well) with weekend binge-ing (6-8 pints) added on top...It escalated without me (or anyone else) even noticing. I also reckon my own escalation has led to my friends and wife drinking more as well. That's a big motivation for me as well - I want people around me to be healthier...You are 4 years younger than me. I can count maybe 2 or 3 times in those years (when I was 27-31) where drinking really added to the experience. Apart from those 2 days I had another 1000 or so where I would have drunk and it not be worth it. Very easy sacrifice...Good luck.
48 24 years drinking towards alcoholism 9 years working towards cannabis addiction prior to that.   .It's been a pretty rough ride at times.    .Two years sober.  .Never felt better.   .Sobriety is friggin awesome. 
I'm 46. First drink was at 14. Have only stopped drinking three other times. Twice when pregnant with my boys and once back in 2008 for over a year. What was once weekend drinking when I was your age flipped to daily drinking by the time I was in my late 30's. By the time I hit 40 my daily drink became drinks. By 45 I was drinking anywhere from 3-6 drinks every night doubling it on weekends. I did everything tired and hungover and knew exactly how much I could drink and still function. My kids grew up (now 16 and 19) knowing me with a beer or glass of wine in hand. They know no different. I am so pleased to see all of these 20somethings here! Boy how I wish I had done what you are doing in my 20s. Great job!!
I'm 23. Started drinking when I was 15. Made a habit of binge drinking at 19.
30 - drank from 14/15 (heavy weekends low to nothing week) but only too much over the last 3.5 years. I think i was triggered into drinking too much just before my first little one was born and I thought after she arrived I wouldn't be able to drink much so fuck it I am going to make up for it in advance. Turns out drinking after she came was just as easy. Never been a problem for me and still isn't but I want to cut down to a normal amount if I fail to get it at normal levels now knowing what I know from this forum I am quitting. 
age doesn't matter friend it's how much is too low for some one to get up...if alcohol is someone's master then i guess motivation should be knowing rock bottoms that i have known being in alcoholic world .. 1. Health - deaths due to liver failure stomach bleeding brain hemorrhage limb amputation due to accidents severe depression suicide attempts suicide complete loss of self confidence etc. 2. Social - accidents DUI charges loss of employment social outcast loss of family domestic violence charges jail admitted to mental institutions 3. financial- loss of properties (house cars furniture etc) bankrputcy steep fall in social standing &amp; living standards  and lots more....btw i started drinking regularly at 21 (few drinks a day) and being sober now after having hit my rock bottom at 41 (1.5L of whisky a day)..this dark satan abyss ..
I am 40. I started drinking around 16 years old. I had alcohol before then but not in the same way. My family cold/flu recipe has whiskey in it and sometimes I was given a little whiskey and juice to help me sleep. Man that looks awful typed out. I promise my mom is a great mother and didn't intend any harm. The 70s and 80s were a very different time. 
28 Been drinking heavily since 17
I am 39 I have been drinking since high school I'd always be the one having more than anybody else. It wasn't until I noticed that I was sneaking shots and hiding how much I drank during the week that I wanted to stop. 
[deleted]
Age 45.  Started binge drinking at age 14.  Started drinking everyday around age 30.  Continued for a decade.........heavy abuse.
Just turned 20 and been drinking for just under 3 years. Heavy binges at least two times a week for the entirety of that.
42 stopped at 42 and 1 month and 1 day
68  got sober at 39 - don't wait til then. the 12 years between  27 and when I stopped were not happy productive or memorable - I became what I call a middle distance drinker (the marathoners get sober at 70)  I was "functional"  but I now see just how thin that veneer was. Hanging on did me absolutely no good.
41 here. Wanted to quit at 30. Took me a decade to make it happen.  I SO wish I had done it sooner!!
Quit when I was 38 after drinking for 25 years. I started at age 13. I am 56 now...I sure wish I'd quit when I was your age. God those additional 11 years were hell. Especially after the kids came. I so wish they had not had to see what happened to me. Fortunately they were little and have forgotten a lot and forgiven me.
Almost 37 been drinking for 22 years.
I'm 24 started drinking and doing drugs at 13 first AA meeting at 17. Not my first rodeo getting sober. I've learnt lessons everytime I've failed. This time I'm seeing an addictions counselor. La vie est belle. 
I am 59 and started drinking when I was 18. It got to the point that moderating was using too much mental energy so I just stopped.
Age 53; drank from 14 - 28 the last 10 years of that daily to pass out each night. 
I'm 29 been drinking off and on since I was about 16 (but I had my first drink at 12) and things started to get worse with me drinking every day no matter what about four years ago when I was 25 or so. I'm thankful I've found SD it's kept me straight and sober for almost a week now which is the longest I've gone without a drink in....I don't even know to be honest.
28
38. Never drank moderately (when I start something I do it thoroughly. Sigh.) but the times I did from 20 or so till early 30's were random--months maybe in between. Then regular weekend evening drinking started. 2 or 3 years ago I started drinking when I hit the door coming home from work. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm 32 been drinking since 13. I first admitted I had a problem at 17 after cheating on my first boyfriend in a drunken stupor. I decided to quit (this time) after wrecking my car drunk on 4th of July weekend. What should have been the final straw was falling literally face first on the concrete on Easter weekend but I guess it takes what it takes. It's been pretty easy since I'm still driving around in a rental car waiting to pick up and pay for my portion of the damages. Hopefully I can keep this momentum up after the damage is behind me. 
I'm 25. Didn't drink until college but didn't become a problem until the last year or so. I went hard and fast once I did succumb to alcoholism. Blessed to be getting clean now.
30 and started getting out of hand at 25. By out of hand I mean maintenance drinking to keep the withdrawals away. That fucken sucked but I'm headed for a week sober again :)  edit* quit now I wish I would of quit sooner. :(
Age 31.  Drinking since 19.  So far so good on my badge.  Keep up the good work.  Since we're about the same age you will really notice the differences once/if you decide to stop.
[removed]
[removed]
52
41
I'm 22 female. Started treatment and got sober on July 5th 2016. 
37 started drinking when i was 21
Just turned 38 this month. Got sober just before 35. Had a 10 year run of solidly alcoholic drinking. 
Hit the road hard first OD 45 days after my first drink (excluding my baby bottle) and kept it up for 18 years and now I've been clean and sober 7 years longer than I used!
When I got sober the internet did not exist. I didn't start drinking until my mid-20's. I've been sober a long time.
26
