-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sy5nf/nervous_ashamed_about_going_back_to_aa/

hello SD. ..I am about a week in again and I know I won't last much longer if I don't get some more support besides you guys...I've been in and out of AA a few times. Usually it was just to get a paper signed for court but my last real 2+ month stretch was for real. but I don't even need any signatures anymore I just know I can't stop on my own and I honestly miss the way AA made me feel...but on top of my usual shitty social anxiety I'm nervous to face people again that I blew off when I relapsed in April including my first real sponsor. ..ugh I know I just gotta man up sorry this is so long
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes people make use of false guilts and so they find an excuse for closing their eyes to their very real guilts. 
Are there meetings elsewhere? Discover another you feel comfortable at and everyone can piss off this is your journey not theirs. 
Nobody is going to care buddy. I've never seen anyone in aa be bothered at the fact that someone came back into the rooms after a relapse because they want to either get or stay sober. 
Wellcome u/GOBluthJr glad you're here!..For me meetings were a cornerstone of being successful in building a solid platform to first 'stop drinking' and then to evolve to Sober Living.  Congratulations on your willingness!  That in an of itself is a sure sign of success!..AA is for anyone with a desire to stop drinking.  There is nothing to be ashamed of for 'going back'.  In my experience any group that I've ever been to would embrace me if I went in and said:..&gt; I've been in and out of AA a few times. Usually it was just to get a paper signed for court but my last real 2+ month stretch was for real. but I don't even need any signatures anymore I just know I can't stop on my own and I honestly miss the way AA made me feel.  I'm nervous to face people again that I blew off when I relapsed in April including my first sponsor...So you've got the "Willingness" then if you couple that with the "Honesty" of what you just wrote then all you need is an "Open Mind" and you're GOLDEN!!..This is not long.  No apologies.  I salute you for your acknowledgement and your courage.  By writing this it's evident to me that your Heart knows what to do.  Just do what you just wrote and they'll embrace you!..Internet Hugs...Just for today I don't drink with you.
I'm always glad to see people come back after doing more "research." I can't think of anyone in my group who wouldn't be. 
I've never been to an AA meeting but I can assure you that nobody there will judge you. If it was working for you then please consider going back. There will be no recriminations.
&gt; I just know I can't stop on my own and I honestly miss the way AA made me feel...Yeah I agree you just got to go. Don't worry about feeling guilty. 
Welcome back...I did 26 months before my first relapse but I got lucky I had moved to a new city and I could find a new meeting. This time round was horrible. I really considered traveling so that I dint see everyone I felt I let down. I ended up manning up and just going back. I was blown away by the welcome I got the subsequent support. It was rather touching. . 
I am relieved to see people come back to the rooms - always. I have heard lots of people share stories of this particular fear keeping them from getting help for years after a relapse. Every one of them says that NO ONE said an unkind word to them when they came back. They were welcomed with open arms. You can be of great help to other people by being one of those people sharing that story which can pave the way for people to feel safe coming back. Good luck!
You will get hugs applause even when you announce your new daycount.  You are not the first not even in the first million to relapse and return beat up... come back we miss you.
The meetings I go to we're glad you came back we know your not dead. I try not to roll my eyes if someone says they've never had a relapse. Amazing. Keep coming.
One trick that works for me in these kind of situations is I reverse the scenario. So I would ask myself ' how would I feel and what would I do if a sponsor or a friend in AA dropped out and then came back?' I know I would have been concerned for them and just so happy that they were back. We all know that relapse is a real danger. Congratulations on getting back on the wagon.
[removed]
thanks for all the input guys really appreciate it
