-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4sz3kv/8_months_how_did_i_get_here/

Today is my 8 months sober day. It's amazing that I didn't remember at first when counting days used to be a huge priority to me. These days it is becoming second nature. I don't want to drink. The daily struggle has subsided and it's only a lingering thought. ..It's amazing to say that because for years I worked hard at my habit! I planned plotted and protected my addiction. I didn't always have money for liquor but I was a pro at getting it anyway. It was exhausting! ..I remember clearly my first post. 48 hours was a hard place to be. My first check in was a thing I did expecting to fail. SD has been a real life saver. Words can't describe how much the daily pledge has saved me. The support I get here is life changing to me! Thank you guys! I hope everyone has a great Friday!
----------immediate responses--------

That is brilliant!  You should be so proud of yourself!  Happy Friday! Hope you have a great one :D
Congratulations! You're awesome!!!..You hit the nail on the head perfectly with how scary those check-ins can be when you think you're making an empty promise. It's kept me sober and coming back every day so far though!
Congrats on 8 months!..Today is my *7* month anniversary. (I'll just hang this here. Not worth a post on its own.)..I'm with you- not drinking is second nature to me now. A pretty good place to be. And yes on the wonders of SD!
&gt;for years I worked hard at my habit! I planned plotted and protected my addiction...I was pretty good at it too or so I thought. Now I'm working hard at sobriety and finding it does get better and easier. I like your "only a lingering thought" remark. Congratulations and have a great summer. 
Congrats on **8** whole months!   The daily pledge saved me too.  Sober on friend!
Congrats on 8 months! Oh how exhausting is right! Somehow my plot always thickened! And not having money to afford the alcohol? I still wonder how I did it.
Thank you for your encouraging post! All the best!
We have the same birthday. I'm at 8 months today also. The first six months were really really hard. And then... It got easier. It feels really good to be able to go to sleep naturally wake up not hungover and have a measure of serenity throughout the day. 
Yoo hoo!  I too spent so much time scheming how/when I could drink it was amazing in retrospect.  Cheers of Lacroix to the DCI!!
Congratulations! The first days/weeks are SO hard aren't they? Thank goodness it gets a little easier.
So glad to see you still going strong! Me too! Always feel like you're my sober buddy. . .i am at 239 days!
Great job! The DCI kept me going too. 
