-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4szf7j/confession_ive_been_drunk_nearly_everyday_this/

I honestly can't even remember when I've gone more than even one day. I'm really struggling physically emotionally and financially. I'm not sure I want to stop. But I know I want to cut back. .Just looking for some advice or someone to talk to.
----------immediate responses--------

This is sort of over-simple but this comes to mind incase it can help.....I tried to monitor my thinking. I figured I drink to achieve some kind of unconsciousness. I give myself permission to pursue it for any number of (non-) reasons. If I watched those thoughts as they  rushed through my head I could see that every single one of them was bullshit...So that got me through the first couple or few days. Then I found the challenge was dealing with the 'behavioral' piece of the addiction he ritual that was my drinking. ...To deal w that I filled my time with literally any non-drinking activity that crossed my mind....I'm not saying either that I chose an activity and remained calmly focused in it. It was like doing a different thing or chore every 20 or 30 minutes sometimes. Cleaning reading push-ups...anything...Stringing together a handful of sober days mde me realize: I CAN DO IT. ..After a while it didn't feel like work. It became what I wanted.....Regular exercise is a big part of my life. At about 140 or so days even though I felt confident I started doing alcohol counseling. In retrospect that might have helped the first couple weeks a little bit less frantic. .
You can talk here.  There's a lot of support...Life improved steadily each day of not drinking...I see you write "I'm not sure I want to stop."  I see you write "I'm struggling physically emotionally and financially."..For myself and from what I see other people post here there's a relationship between the two.  What about stoppng for 30 days and seeing how things are?
If you could "cut back" or moderate you'd already be doing it. A professional addiction counselor is my best advice. Also seeing a doctor about detox helped me withdraw safely and more easily. Medication eases the body down. Alcohol withdrawal is nothing to mess with. ..&gt;When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change;..&gt;We will change. 
Hey me from 2014! *waves*..Can't really help you with the cutting back as moderation wasn't ever something I could do but I will wish you luck - good luck :) 
Paging /u/coolcrosby for his awesome first steps!
Thanks for tips everyone. I will not drink today.
