-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4t1otl/binge_eating_more_than_usual_in_sobriety_weight/

Having a fuck it moment. One of the biggest reasons for sobriety was that when black out drunk I would binge eat and I mean to massive proportions - in public or alone. This and drinking has caused me to gain a substantial amount of weight in rapid succession. I am a binge eater sober but now sans the alcohol I feel equally as helpless - my binges are not as great as when I am drunk but they are making me equally as emotionally exhausted and like a failure and making me think fuck it and to drink/ give up bettering myself. Has anyone else experience binge eating disorder with alcohol abuse Or managed to conquer both? Help greatly appreciated at this naff time. Strength to you. X
----------immediate responses--------

I think if you drink + binge eat you will have two problems to worry about. Maybe don't drink today and you can decide if you want to binge eat? 
You said your binges are not as great as when you are drunk. Maybe focus on that? .Try to keep more healthy snacks at home and not food you will regret eating. For me I tend to finish a whole pack of something when I open it so I can't buy a big bag of chips or else I know I will go through the whole thing in a day. So now I will buy a pack of dried seaweed and go through that instead at a fraction of the calories. .Or I will distract myself by getting out of the house. Stay strong
Yep many of us have that Whac-a-mole addiction dilemma.  Eating and weight gain is OK KNOWING that first things first you beat the drink issue you can always work on weight and diet with a MyFitnessPal app and /r/loseit support.  Good luck.
Yes. I started by only buying healthy foods if I felt the need to binge. If I have cookies chips breads etc available I WILL eat them. Lots of frozen veggies (cheap and easy to portion) with beans and whatever I choose to toss in. Eating a big bowl of something nutritious made me feel so much better after the fact and kept my head in a better place. I've had to buckle down but I don't feel deprived and binging has vastly decreased. 
I had both topped out at 320 pounds drunk (145kg).  Lost around 120 pounds after quitting drinking mostly through ketogenic dieting.  Keto is good for preventing binge eating I think because it doesn't cause that dopamine fix that eating lots of sugars and simple carbohydrates cause.  When most people binge it's on junk type food.  Nobody binges on steaks and chicken breasts.  .It's not for everyone but it worked for me.  ..edit: proof http://imgur.com/a/7BpF5
If I buy junk food I will eat junk food. If I don't have options at home I will go out to eat and it won't be healthy. So I try and keep plenty of healthy accessible snacks in the house to avoid temptation. I even leave my wallet in my car at work so I don't use the snack machine. 
Try to not keep an excess of food around.  That's my strategy.  I stop at the grocery store almost every day on my way home to pick up dinner for the night and lunch for the next day.  I save money this way and eat better. 
[deleted]
Id rather gain weight from eating than that gross beer belly. 
I don't know if I would call it a 'disorder' but yeah I eat like a pig when drinking...Don't know how slamming half a bottle of vodka makes me hungry enough to bust out two packs of ramen noodles and a bag of chips. So sitting in front of the computer for an hour I can easily put away 2000 calories...If we are talking strictly from the calorie perspective it *does* seem like you are still eating less than when you drank? And removing those empty calories as well.
I can totally relate. I am working on my food issues with my therapist. It's harder for me to beat than alcohol because I can't just give up food you know? Hang in there and find a good therapist if you can afford it. 
A program of recovery can address the inner issues fueling all our addictions.  We have to take care of the mood altering and immediately life threatening ones first then if we go after the core issues via therapy AA steps whatever... we can take care of the other issues too.
I'm going through this myself maybe not to the point where I want to start drinking again so I can focus on diet but I realize that I am not saying "no" to the junk food because I'm taking it easy. I do want to return to what I think is normal sustainable eating habits again... Just not sure what my "get smart" date should be regarding that. Probably yesterday ;)..ANYWAY I'm going through probably what you are though I'm still so early in the no-drinking phase that I don't have much helpful advice. Maybe therapy if you can afford it. I am considering it. Or if you feel up to it the LoseIt subreddit has a daily check-in which you can do in addition to the StopDrinking check-in. This may help you stay accountable with your behaviour though you (we?) will no longer have booze OR food to use as outlets.
Refined sugar makes me eat more and it's added to almost everything. If you can cut refined sugar it helps alot imo. The first 2 weeks though I felt depressed but after that I felt awesome. 
