-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4t2410/scared_that_ive_come_to_realize_i_have_a_problem/

I've struggled since I was in my late 20s with alcoholism. For the longest time I prided myself that I remained sober and untouched... because I came from a family of alcoholics and I saw what it can do... and it claimed my brother's life...Than at some point none of that mattered anymore... I thought I was better than that. I thought I could control it... and when things got bad I stopped... I stopped for a year or two at a time... I am now 36 turning 37... a year ago I started drinking again--on the anniversary of my brother's death... from alcohol. ..I lied to myself for a long time... the last few months I've admitted only to me that this might be a problem. About a month ago I started to see my "functional alcoholism" wasn't so... functional anymore. I've lied to my best friend to my boyfriend and to my therapist for over a year... and I've been drinking more and more... in the last two months because I know I'm wrong and letting everyone down and that I have a problem... ....and I am scared that I won't admit to my therapist or boyfriend or friends.... what's going on... and THAT fear just leads me to drink more and not tell them the truth... because all I see if the disappointment and the hatred that I lied.....I'm lost... and I don't know what to do anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Denial is one of the symptoms of the disease of alcoholism. To others it looked like I was lying but I was really in denial...trying hard to fight off the truth. ..&gt;When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change;. .&gt;We will change. 
You sound just like me. I come from a family of alcoholics my boyfriend died from it and I have seen what it can do. I was a "functional" alcoholic who by the end was not functional at all...I was secretive when I was a drinker but when I became sober I was private. Big difference. I didn't make any big announcement or make any confessions when I quit. I just quietly did it. I didn't feel that how much I was drinking or not was any one's business but my own. I am saying this only because I think getting sober is tough and this made it easier for me. (Others may feel differently.)..Finally on the topic of fearing "hatred" from your friends or boyfriend I bet you are much more loved than you realize.
well def sounds like it's time to cut the alcohol and it's good you recognize it. for me telling people was liberating and has helped me cut down and now fully commit to quitting. so for me it was a good first step..either way you can't change the past and everyone makes mistakes. you've got a good opportunity to change things and make a clean start. don't be so hard on yourself-that won't help anything. also it's not like there's a clock as to when you need to tell people. you should just start by working on your own problems..just think about yourself sober and putting all this behind you. it's doable and you'll always have support here and from those that truly love you
How about taking the issues one by one. You admitted to us you have a drinking problem. Ok we all do. And we will do anything  we can to help. Maybe you can start reading some more (the sidebar offers great links). What would be great is perhaps try a meeting. Meet recovering alcoholic in flesh and bone. Most of us don't bite ;-) Then when you have accumulated a few 24 hours and have a clearer path perhaps start sharing this around. Small steps. No drama.
Wow well you told the truth to us and that's a big start!  When I finally told my therapist the embarrassing truth I discovered that she has an eating problem. And I realized that her husband is an asshole.  So you know we're human.  The problem with alcoholics is that we feel SHAME big time.  Alcohol is your coping mechanism - does anything else help you cope with feelings of grief anger and resentment?  For me it was only alcohol that I turned to which became a huge problem for years and years and years.  You're only 36 - you can do this - stay sober today :)
I know what you feel like. But I realized that I lied to others to lie to myself. I couldn't really admit to myself I had a problem until I told others especially those closest to me and my doctors/therapists. 
Once I stopped keeping the secret I realized just how poorly I had kept it. 
For me I just had to stop drinking. I didn't need to tell anyone. 
Admitting I had a problem was a big first step toward recovery.  Like so many important changes the first step can be challenging.
