-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4t9wyr/relapsed_after_21_days_still_unsure_what_exactly/

Was feeling so good physically and mentally..Friday night came around got home from work without stopping off at the bottle shop. But there was a bottle of wine in the fridge........just waiting there for me..Needless to say I drank it a bottle of wine was a lot less than I would usually have but it was enough to get somewhat sozzled..The hangover the next day was awful though (wine hangovers tend to ruin me a lot more than liquor). And I had to work all day Saturday feeling like trash. .I don't know why I decided to drink I think I probably made up my mind well before I saw the bottle of wine to be honest. Damn my brain. I'm damn sure of one thing though - I need to not allow any booze in my house that much is clear. ..Peace out comrades!...
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I need to not allow any booze in my house that much is clear...What are some barriers preventing you from doing this?
Maybe try journalling if you don't already? Get in the habit of free writing and really examining what's going on in your mind at a given point. You may be able to pinpoint when and why the feeling came up.
[removed]
What about AA meetings? Counseling? Rehab?..I see you post on here all the time but you're very reluctant to take anyone's advice. ..If nothing changes nothing changes.
Relapsed hard recently. I don't have any advice right now but just want you to know there's a lot of people that care for you on here. Take care.
I catch myself in the exact same decision a few times a week. I remind myself that I'm probably just hungry and get to work on cooking dinner. I'm distracted and the desire to drink dissipates. In other words I mistook hunger for wanting to drink on many many many nights.
Hi I'm in a similar spot lately. I haven't actually had a drink but for the last 3 or 4 days there's been a constant "almost." I'm debating going to an AA meeting or two even though I have't gotten much from them in the past. Posting on here also helped a lot - even if I'd 'already decided' to drink. The folks on here talked me out of it. Maybe try to reach out next time even if you're sure you're already a goner. The other thing that worked for me was making a '20-minute pact.' A day is too damned long sometimes. I just made a deal with myself that I wouldn't drink for 20 minutes and that in that time I would reach out for help and then also try to solve some of the stuff that helps prevent relapses (I drank a lot of water and ate some comfort food to be sure that it wasn't just low blood sugar or dehydration) and watched a comforting trash tv show. I actually had to then repeat the pact a second time - but by the end of that one I was able to abstain. Let me know if you come up with any successful strategies! You got this!
I was off and on the wagon for 9 months before it stuck for me. Sober support and AA did the trick for me. Hang in there.
