-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tbei6/just_an_update_tw_suicidal_thoughts/

Hey guys ..I just wanted to post here to show that I'm alive and sober...I don't work regularly in the summers and it's taking a toll on my mental health. I have horrible anxiety and depression and sobriety is exacerbating that in the sense that I don't have that option for fleeting and ultimately unhelpful escape. This is around the number of days I had when I relapsed last year. I'm having a lot of suicidal thoughts too. I'm trying to go through the motions of self-care but it feels a little bit like tending to a statue or a corpse. It's just not doing anything...I don't know if anybody here watches Orange is the New Black but in the latest season a character who is an addict says "I worry that even if I get all this drug stuff sorted out I'll still be rotten" and that's basically how I feel. I feel like a bad person because of the things I've done in the past and the things I don't share even though I don't feel like that person anymore and I try my best to be good and do good now. I feel like I'm a burden on everyone I know. I want to erase myself. I'm having trouble seeing the point of staying sober but I am holding on...It's been a while since I've been in therapy and I made an appointment that's on Thursday morning so I'm just trying to hold on until then. I've been to a lot of therapists and every time I go to a new one I still get so nervous. I'm just such a wreck right now...Thank you guys for having this space as always.
----------immediate responses--------

I was having suicidal thoughts after being weened off my medication last October. It was a difficult time for me. Suicidal thoughts are quite scary for me. I am sorry this is happening to you. Thanks for posting. 
You are definitely not alone in this struggle. I think seeing a therapist is a good call! 
You are definitely not alone. I relate to a lot of your post. Keep posting and stay focused on starting therapy on Thursday- I think that's a great move 
One of my friends from rehab posted something similar today. Addiction really wears you down. You aren't alone and I believe your depression is lying to you...I wound up inpatient for 2 suicide attempts this past year. They were both alcohol fueled. I struggle with PTSD anxiety and depression- alcohol exacerbates all three. ..My therapist said that sometimes a suicide attempt is more about needing everything to stop. The pain life being overwhelmed- you just can't take anymore. I relate strongly to that. ..I've called the suicide hotline a couple of times. I recommend it if you feel like it's something you could do. 
I'm so glad you posted. And good on you for booking with a therapist!..It's taken me time to separate drinking me from real me. Therapy definitely helped.
