-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tgxts/i_got_sober_by_leaning_into_the_discomfort/

Leaning into the discomfort meant.....Going to therapy...Challenging my brain to stop the myth of moderation...Being truthful with my doctor...Sober people and sober places...Stopping relapses a week before they happened...Being painfully honest...Pushing myself to work recovery even when I didn't feel like it...Going to meetings even though I was too tired frustrated atheist just wanted to stay in bed...Experimenting with being gentle with myself...Recognizing that I am more than my drunken actions...Stopping talking about change and actually making change...
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Stopping relapses a week before they happened..&gt;Experimenting with being gentle with myself..Can you give me more details on this? I think it's extremely important and would like to know how you did it what you were thinking and where you were in your own mind when you did it.
[removed]
Lots of wisdom here /u/deedeethecat!
i love this /u/deedeethecat and relate heavily to all these comments .. thank you for sharing your thoughts.
This is a really really good post.
I &lt;3 this. I totally should've gotten a therapist when I first got sober. Whatever year/ decade I stop constantly dropping $$$ on medical doctors I found a Somantic Experiencing therapist near me I want to hit up. Rock on you.
This is al so good!!! Excellent post!
What a great post deedee! I can resonate with all of this but what really makes me think is pushing myself to work recovery even when I'm not in the mood feeling down on myself etc.. So thanks for the reminder I needed this :)
You have made such great progress...fantastic post DeeDee!
Wow inspiring. Thanks 
Distilled Sobriety right here! : )
Awesome! I need to do more of those things on that list 
&gt; Stopping relapses a week before they happened. ..This is some golden advice.
Wow!  Great Truths Here !
Good post. ..I've found that when I'm comfortable I'm not growing. When I'm pushing myself and expanding my comfort zone by being uncomfortable I feel a greater confidence and less anxiety in general.
"lean in" - it's a small snippet of all the wisdom here but that's a powerful motto. When things get tough fuck it - lean in. I'll remember this. Thank you!
Be gentle with yourself.  This was my mantra for a long time.  Give yourself the care and compassion that you would gladly give a sick friend.  .
This is very much in line with acceptance and commitment therapy. ACT. Learning that negative feelings in life are normal and learning to accept them.
This is so great I really needed it today thanks!
So where do you find sober people and sober places without them being crabby/ boring?  Looking for a list here.
"I'm trying to reach for progress not perfection" i love that that is something i will be striving for as well! that and not being so hard on myself. inspiring post deedee!
I saved this...worth looking over from time to time. A sure-fire plan to get sober and stay that way. Shooweee - almost 500 days nice one.  
&gt;Challenging my brain to stop the myth of moderation...This was my biggest catalyst. Despite the fact that I had dramatically reduced my consumption I was still drinking way too much. Even though it was weekends *only* far too many of those weekends were drunk from Friday night through roughly Sunday evening.
&gt;Stopping relapses a week before they happened...I think after a year you really do have at least a week to stop a relapse in most cases. I have had the wheels of relapse start turning well after 2 years and I could feel the pull of a relapse. Illogical thinking about the cardiovascular benefits of moderate drinking seemed like I was giving up my lifespan by staying sober. Surely I wanted cardiovascular benefits. I should start moderate drinking immediately! ..Well I know that sounds stupid but that's how it went down. I stopped myself by just saying well its not like I need to start drinking this instance I can definitely wait until the fall and think it through some more. Extra time is all I needed to figure out how stupid drinking would be. ..Time is a really good weapon against a relapse. Delay delay delay. 
Great post - thanks for sharing. 
How did you stop relapses a week before they happen?
