-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ti1y8/monday_rambles_and_upcoming_triggers/

I made it through the weekend! It was hard. I made good money this week and had a significant amount of cash and easy access to alcohol. And it was constantly in my face as my SO drank beer all weekend. But I spent about $60 on sparkling waters and made some homemade watermelon mint juice (blended watermelon with fresh mint then later I add some sparkling water and a splash lime holy cow you have to try it) and I've been chugging that and eating my feelings. Monday's are usually a trigger for me. They're pretty rough days at work (I'm a server). We're pretty busy and generally bad tips. After work I had to go pay some fees to get a hold lifted from my account at my old University to get my transcripts transferred to my new school and while I was there I got a parking ticket. Damn University cops. Also I don't normally work Tuesday's so I use that as an excuse to get completely shitfaced since I don't have to get up for anything the next day. On days off I always make plans the day before to wake up at a decent time go lay by the pool do my nails hair treatments just girly spa day stuff. But I always get so drunk that I spend the whole day off in bed and still feel like the floor of a taxi cab 2-3 days later. I'm on day 10 and I have my plans to treat my body to some vitamin D and R&R tomorrow and I *know* that I will be able to wake up and actually follow through! I really really want to drink today. This is usually about the time I relapse. But I'm not going to do it. I can't keep that cycle going anymore. It's exhausting. It kills me physically mentally emotionally and spiritually. I still feel broken but I know drinking will just make it worse. ..My boyfriend has 4 days off this week and is planning on going home to visit his family. I have to work so hopefully that'll keep me out of trouble. Visiting his family is of a catch 22 for me right now. I would like to go but I know I would be surrounded by a massive amount of drinking and celebrating and if I was even strong enough to turn it down there would be a lot of never ending questions. However being alone makes me justify drinking more. I have nothing holding me accountable. Whenever he goes without me I would use that as an excuse to binge drink because well he wasn't here to comment on how fucked up I got how lazy I am for staying in bed for a solid 48 hours how I drank every last drop of alcohol in the house or how I called out of work because I was too hungover. He wouldn't know about any of it. As I already mentioned this is about the time I revert back to old habits. I start to think "one night won't hurt I'll just get drunk tonight and then not drink at all for another week or 2 and that's okay". Thing is I'll drink about a months worth of alcohol in one night and odds are it won't just be the one night. It'll turn into another binge and then something will happen to make me desire sobriety again. And repeat. So I am a little worried about him leaving. I feel like him drinking in front of me is more manageable than being alone. It doesn't make sense but in my messed up brain it does...I don't really know what the point of this post was. I'm a little all over the place. It's been a long day cravings are setting in and looking too far into the week isn't helping. I guess I just wanted to put this out there for a little accountability come Thursday/Friday when my SO leaves. Thanks for being here and letting me get my scatter brained thoughts out. I hope everyone's having a great day and I won't drink with you tonight!
----------immediate responses--------

I love this post--keep rambling on.  ..So AA meetings kept me out of a lot of uncomfortable spots in early sobriety and helped me acquire some tools to deal with situations.
You're doing GREAT!! So happy and proud for you. And when your boyfriend is gone for 4 days? Come hang out here on SD! I do it so often now it's my go-to my lifeline. Oh and fantastic job on 9 days! Woohoo :)
Thanks for sharing!  I too tended to drink the most at the beginning of the week...hence quiting on a thursday.  Hah.  You got this!  I will not drink with you today. ..Edited to add: love the watermelon mint idea.  Totally gonna steal it.
