-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tit34/raw_emotions_are_making_me_miserable/

I'm a little over six weeks sober and I feel great in many ways. Better sleep more energy bright skin improved job performance. But my moods are all over the place. I go from being anxious to angry to depressed to hopeful to exhausted within an hour. Unfortunately very few positive emotions are thrown into that mix...I'm being careful to sleep enough eat right and get exercise. I don't have many relationships so I suppose that area could be lacking. I don't think I need a mood stabilizer/anti-depressant. I've heard that emotions are intense in early sobriety due to numbing them for so long but I honestly feel like these are a little too intense for me. I'm ashamed to admit this but I've even had some suicidal thoughts (just thoughts no plans whatsoever. Will certainly seek help ASAP if that changes.) Sobriety definitely has its benefits but I'm fairly miserable. I'm worried that if this continues I'll end up relapsing...I know there are things I can be doing to feel better like reaching out more being more active etc. But I feel like I'm too much of an emotional wreck to even start. ..Any advice for intense emotions in early sobriety?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in the very early stages so I guess I'm not the best for advice for the long haul just yet. But I've been looking at myself in the mirror (literally) when intense emotions begin to overtake me. I say aloud to myself "these feelings will not last long. If you drink today they will get worse and last infinitely longer. Feel it then let go of it." It sounds crazy but it has worked for me. I realize this might not help but I wanted you to know that I understand what you feel and that .We are all here for you. :)
I had what I call my rollercoaster period early in sobriety.  It did get better. You've answered your own question though on what to do. ..Get a bit active if you're not currently. Even if it's just a half hour walk get out and do it. Do something more vigorous if you can. There's nothing like some exercise to shake up your mind. I do biking...AA might not be for you but it's a great place to just be with people who may be facing problems like yours. You don't need to share if you're too anxious. Go until you're less anxious.
What worked for me was therapy and AA.
