-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tjpla/getting_up_and_dusting_off/

so here i am again. Just turned 2 days *again*. I did okay for a bit then fell down in the muck again. One night of binge drinking because of crappy circumstances and crappy feelings and then the typical crappy shame guilt and frustration WITH the crappy hangover and withdrawals. but *I AM NOT* going to let alcohol win. I am going to clean up and get back up on my horse 'til it don't buck no more...Alcohol did not change the circumstances or my feelings yet even tonight i had really strong cravings and the intense desire to run away from it all by drinking...*But I didn't*...I went to an AA meeting...Yes i was extremely anxious being brand new to this particular group; the crowd was big and it was difficult because of my social anxiety issues. But it helped to go and hear other peoples stories. ..Yes I am still struggling with very bad depression. (I do see a counselor.) But I am working toward progress. Each time i learn something valuable. Each time the time between the trigger and the behavior to drink gets a little bit longer...I am hoping for better future outcomes but focusing on the here and now...Fellow SDers you are the best. I know i can come here and be myself this gives me great comfort and even joy...Thanks friends!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on day two! Getting back on the horse so to speak is an accomplishment. And that's awesome that you're seeing a counselor and hitting meetings.
Long term alcoholic two years sober here. .You're so similar to me.   .You never need to look hard at all there's always a reason to drink: bad day  good day  stressed  anxious depressed too hot too cold lonely with friends it's the weekend it's nearly the weekend and on &amp; on &amp; on it goes.   .Your trying you can do it.   .Never give up on giving up. .
The important thing is that you're back and continuing to fight. I'd rather tread water than just give up and drown!..I will not drink with you today my friend!
