-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tlvzr/its_been_one_year_since_ive_had_a_drink/

I wish I had more time today to elaborate on everything this last year has been for me. Suffice to say this has probably been the best year of my adult life...I've lost 25 pounds drastically improved my financial situation acquired mental and emotional stability and I've gained the courage to dare to look at the future with hope instead of dread.  ..Today I'm thankful for this community. I mostly posted under a throwaway account at the beginning of my sobriety (I'm not sure why - I think part of me was still afraid to fully own the depth and ugliness of my struggle) but I know that this place played an important role in keeping me sane and headed in the right direction. ..So thank you. ..And for those who are just beginning remember that it really does get better day by day. Even now I still find ways in which my life is incrementally improving. Keep going.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome and inspiring! Great job on 365!
Awesome - I have heard from several people that their year sober was their BEST year I can't wait to experience myself.  Congratulations! 
That is awesome! Keep up the great living!
Yeah! Nice Work friend. Looking forward to being where you are.
Congratulations! This makes me want to keep going.
Good work!
Congratulations! I think I found your 25 pounds but I will take weight gain over drinking any day.
Kudos! 
I will gladly not drink with you today!   Congrats! 
[deleted]
Great job! 
Fantastic! Take a screen shot of that smiling star with the 365 days. I have dreamed of hitting one of those milestones in life so that is an inspiration!
Congratulations! These stories really do help the beginners glad to have something to look forward to.
Congratulations on 1 year!
This is just a great post and congrats on making it to a year!  I'm right on your heels but the list of things that has improved gets bigger by the day.  Keep up the great work and congrats again!
Congratulations!!! 
I'm proud of you. I've lost so many of the people I love to alcoholism and drug abuse. It really does heal me a little every time I see a post about someone hitting a sobriety birthday. Hugs and congratulations.
Congrats! This is inspiring to read!
Congrats!
Thanks for the encouraging words.......and congrats!
That's amazing. I can't wait to be where you are.
This is so awesome. Can't wait to be at 365. Way to go!!!    
[removed]
It's amazing to think that so many of us approaching the one year mark or there already were only a short while ago on this sub expressing our fears and insecurities about quitting..Now look at us! Full of confidence and success.
Congrats a year is a great achievement! 
That's great! You are inspiring x
Congratulations in your first year of sobriety!  Way to go. Strong handshake  and let's keep moving forward  day by day. 
Congratulations on 1 year!
Congrats on such a huge accomplishment! Thanks for sharing encouraging words for the newcomers. :)
