-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tniad/do_you_have_a_visual_image_of_your/

For me it is a really fierce body builder who is ALWAYS working out and getting stronger. Ever ready to pounce on me if i'm left "alone".  By alone i mean without being in touch with my "higher power" which is the only super power tough enough to take him on and win.  ..This nasty guy tells me things like "you really haven't gotten anything from being sober.  you haven't lost weight! your skin isn't any better! you deserve a drink!" ..This image became clearer to me after I gave myself a "hall pass" after 6 months of sobriety and discovered that my addiction came back instantly even more intense then when i left it the first time.  I really thought that it/he would have weakened - but in fact the exact opposite was true.  Anyway today i will not get jumped in the dark alley that is my own mind. Today I will not drink.  
----------immediate responses--------

The memory of the student(straight A kid always said my class was their favorite) coming into my office and telling me she was really concerned about my health and didn't want to take a class with me again because she felt my stress was being given off to the students. That's pretty much the only motivation I need. 
A skinny little drunk fairy. Follows me around tells me I am not good enough that I am fat and ugly I'll never amount to nothing. Basically drunk Tinkerbell.
I really like the 800 lb. gorilla image. I don't know who came up with it - but it pretty aptly describes my relationship with alcohol. Drinking for me is like getting into a cage match with an 800 lb. gorilla. It really doesn't matter what my strategy is the outcome will be the same - the gorilla will kick my ass. The only winning strategy is getting out of the ring.
All the stressful things in my life I associate with the ocean. I'm buried in student debt most with incredibly high interest (woo recession of '07 thanks housing industry) and between being trapped in a cycle of debt of minimum payments and paycheck-to-paycheck feeling as though I'm stranded in a large body of water just treading water and struggling to keep my head up. When people ask how much in total I owe or what the pay off dates are or what the interest is I respond with "when you're treading water in a large body of water with no hope of rescue...do you REALLY want to know if it's a  lake or the ocean? does it matter?". If I know its an ocean then I know there really *is* no hope ... and no point.   ..Going through an abortion subsequent breakup and years of ptsd and reconstructing my self image I envisioned my life has having been a boat that had been smashed apart by a storm and somehow washing up on a shore all strewn to hell and breakfast but at least still alive.  I'd been sitting on that shore surrounded by the wreckage of my past and I'd often binge drink and get too drunk and I'd think "I survived. I made it through against *all* odds. if I get a little drunk occasionally whats the harm? I'm not lashing out (...anymore) so its not so bad." It was this complacent "leave me alone I've done enough" attitude. I realized recently that no its not enough to sit on the shore among the trash of your past. You have to get up. You have to see if anything's salvageable and if it is use it if not leave it. You have to move on and see what else is out there beyond that shitty rocky beach.
A sleazy con man with a pencil thin mustache.  He stands by the beer section in the supermarket in a baggy cheap suit with a fedora and pointy alligator skin shoes and grins at me hoping that he can raid my wallet and soul - "just a couple.  just for today" he mouths to me as he nods toward the stacks of liquid misery but he knows that the con goes on forever.  Just for today I flip him off and head for the ice cream.
An intruder in my own house. Trying to take everything I have worked for. Ready to take the food off my table. It's as if I have my foot on his throat but if I let off even a little he will prevail. 
Mine is like an abusive ex-lover that won't stop calling and every now and then I really want to give in and answer the phone. 
The Chinese Buddhist drawings of the "hungry ghost" which to me looks like a skinny horrible demon.  
