-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4tppbr/first_postthird_night_going_to_sleep_sober/

Also today is the first day I feel the benefits coming. The past two days I felt sad anxious and unfocussed. I knew I had good reasons for wanting to quit for a few weeks and had been planning it for a long time but I wasn't feeling good about it. ..But today with my head clearing I'm starting to realize I really want to quit forever. I'm actually feeling the benefits I knew I would (why I wanted to quit for a few weeks) the benefits I've felt the two other times I quit for an extended period of time. My mental health and motivation is the main thing I'm feeling at this point. When I'm drinking regularly I feel flat and anxious unless I'm buzzed or drunk. I feel little motivation and sometimes just feel like everything sucks and there's no point in trying. I'd still push myself to try and do things I know matter but it's a bigger struggle and it's hard to feel joy except when I'm buzzed or drunk. ..Today reminded me that when I'm not drinking at all that flatness goes away and I'm able to have fun and do things I really care about and connect with people. And I don't have to be drunk to feel good. ..I was trying to explain this to my friend and said how it seems like a rebound effect result of a chemical dependency in my brain and she was confused and asked it was a withdrawal thing. I wasn't sure if there's a distinction between rebound effect and withdrawal so I googled symptoms if alcohol withdrawal and saw the shaking...remembered how on Sunday afternoon I couldn't stop my hands from shaking for a while. Even my legs at one point. I kept drinking water thinking it was dehydration or low blood sugar and tried eating something but neither helped. Then I thought about months earlier how  a few Mondays at work I felt shaky like that with no real explanation. ..Then I was thinking to how far back my problems with alcohol go. My first time drinking (other than a sip of wine from a relatives glass here and there) I was 13 figured I'd have one or two drinks max (I didn't want to get drunk!) and ended up super drunk drinking more and more. From there I always drank whenever possible (mostly every weekend). Once I was 19 and old enough to buy alcohol (though people were selling it to me before that) I immediately started drinking every day...and though I did cut down a lot from 24-28 (where I am now) I still can't trust myself to ever stop at 1-2 drinks or stop at all (until all the alcohol I can access is gone). I can't trust myself to not to pretty stupid shit (though I've never seriously hurt myself or anyone else or been in legal trouble). But the thing is I can't trust *drunk me*. So really I cant trust alcohol. ..But I feel like I can trust sober me this me to remember not to trust alcohol or drunk me AT ALL. And remember how long it takes me to really sober up...because asside from leading to binge drinking drinking one day for me makes me waaaaay more likely to drink the next...and then the next even if there are very very good reasons not to. ..But on a day like today with my brain finally clearing up...the craving is still there now but accompanied with a lot more "fuck that fucking bullshit" anger at it....Holy shit that was long. ..Tl:dr I've been planning for weeks to quit on Sunday for a month or two stuck to it though I didn't want to and now things are clearing I feel like I need to commit to quitting for life. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on making it through those first couple. It gets better. I'm on Day 10/11 and honestly truly honestly I haven't felt this happy for as long as I can remember or maybe ever. Something just clicked. I hope it happens for you. I'm sure it will. Just give it time. ..There's a sense of pride and power when you commit and follow through on something that can be very hard. Relish that feeling and let it drive you through in every aspect of your life. If you can conquer/control this there's nothing you can't do...See you on Day 4!
Welcome and well done. Go get yourself a badge. ..You seem to have a good handle on what you are doing why and going trough here. Use the positive clear state to your advantage by adding tools to cope when the bad days do come. SD has really helped me with that. There is a lot of self assessment during this process and I urge you to keep celebrating your victories in balance with the confrontation on "drunk you" stay positive and ask for help when you are not. ..Congratulations on making the commitment its really takes balls to admit to it. .Wishing you well :)   ..
your drinking pattern sounds just like mine and I also have never been in trouble or abusive to anyone but I just cant have one or two  have to drink till all gone. The little voice in the head would send me to buy booze even though i had woke that morning pissed off with my self for drinking yet again the night before! For me its easier to just think today  not forever otherwise  I start thinking about the future without booze.I found Allen Carrs Easyway to control Alcohol really turned the way my brain thinks about alcohol and now I just think of it as an addictive poison that millions of people are struggling to stop using even if they dont realise it..The idea of having a drink doesnt  enter my head very often and if it does it goes away pretty quickly when I tell myself I am not drinking for today.  Hope you continue on your new journey and remember how many of us are here for you and not drinking with you.
hi..welcome to day four :)
