-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4twy6r/to_love_a_person_or_to_drink/

It might sound weird but at this point in my sobriety I miss having someone to love. I have good friends and they mean a lot to me but I feel myself getting lonely at times...Although the last time I got sober I remember I got into a relationship and the girl didn't understand I was an alcoholic and it led to a relapse. She kept partying and i felt seduced by it and fell back into stupid alcohols arms...So I realize maybe i'm not ready for another relationship. Maybe I never will be. Maybe it shouldn't matter but to me it does. I think about it sometimes and I realize if I met someone who I thought was my soulmate and they were an active alcoholic I would go back to drinking without a single thought. Talk about codependency like no other. If I had to choose to be alone or not to drink I would choose not to be alone. ..I am sober for myself but I won't lie I am hoping it attracts someone of a better kind eventually. The relationships I had drunk were awful and I don't want any of those anymore. So here's hoping I don't meet just the right disaster- cause all my days will be gone just like that. Sigh. 
----------immediate responses--------

My most absolute god awful train wreck of a relationship was when we were both drinking. Originally I THOUGHT it was a good thing giving us something to bond over. ..Years later in hindsight it was horrid. We fought we were bad people to each other at least. ..However  I've moved on to a very healthy relationship. While she does drink she averages about 2 to 3 drinks a MONTH and that is not a threat to my sobriety at all. And even those she is only 'meh' on...Fortunately I feel you can find out a person's drinking /partying habits pretty early on in dating.
There are tons of people out there specifically looking for people who drink very little or none at all. This only grows as people age. From the long term perspective people are generally looking for others who can provide a good satisfying life; not people who love to get wasted on a date. The younger you are though the worse this can be.
Learning to love myself was an important goal in the first year of my recovery. Until I was a whole fulfilled happy person I had little to offer someone else. Therapy and AA helped me be a better person.
&gt;So here's hoping I don't meet just the right disaster- cause all my days will be gone just like that. Sigh...Sounds like you are giving up. Hope isn't a plan. There are plenty of women who dont drink or drink super light. The awesome thing is these girls are the good ones! 
You can have both give yourself time. As someone addicted to alcohol it is very easy for me to believe my lizard brains' statement that everyone drinks - yes yes very convenient for it however it's an outright lie! Lots and lots and lots of people don't drink.........
