-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4txewl/not_a_craving_but_something_deeper/

This is always the point in sobriety where my brain thinks "Ok this has been fun but seriously where is my drug?"..It's not a physical craving. It's emotional. I just miss alcohol. As though I am grieving its absence in my life. It's not even a desire to try to drink normally or to have just one drink. I miss abusing alcohol. I miss abusing myself. I miss the feeling of being drunk of giving up on life of running away. ..This is definitely a case of my addiction "doing pushups in the hallway" as I'm in the rooms working on sobriety. I know that if I relapsed now it wouldn't be like past relapses where I only had three or so drinks. I have a gut feeling I'd go on the biggest binge ever. Sadly my addict brain longs for it. ..I will not drink today. Thankfully it is not a raw burning desire to drink. I will be fine today and I can always call my sponsor if it gets worse. It's like the sadness you get after a breakup and all you want to do is run back to your ex-lover. I'm monitoring my stress levels and using my tools and taking it seriously. I love sobriety more than I ever loved alcohol - which is saying a lot. ..Thanks for listening. Has anyone else had this feeling? Once the withdrawals and physical cravings and pink cloud have gone away - you just get this feeling of emotionally grieving the loss of your addiction? 
----------immediate responses--------

I totally get what you mean. I very often feel a deep yearning. Because alcohol can soothe this I sometimes mistake it for a craving but it's not. It's a yearning for something deeper. Denis Johnson I writer I really admire who got sober wrote the following:..&gt; When he was dry he believed it was alcohol he needed but when he had a few drinks in him he knew it was something else possibly a woman; and when he had it all -- cash booze and a wife -- he couldn't be distracted from the great emptiness that was always falling through him and never hit the ground.  ..I feel that my challenge in sobriety is to learn how to soothe this feeling without alcohol or to learn to live with it as comfortably as I can.
I absolutely agree. A counselor told me that I would go through a grieving process as a part of sobriety; that she didn't know how or what form it would take but in her experience there is almost always some grief to be faced...It was one of the most profound things I've heard about sobriety and it completely changed my perspective. Alcohol has been a part of my life that I had made it a part of who I was. To move forward I've had to let go of a part of my identity. There's a bit of grief there but it's ok. I'm slowly replacing that part of me with a part that of which I'm much more proud.
Absolutely.  I grieve the perceived loss of the "ritual" of alcohol the "taste" of certain kinds of alcohol and the "social aspect" of alcohol.  My antidote to this grief is primarily to do what I have learned here -- *play the tape forward* -- then I realize that if I give in to my perceived grief then I will grieve a whole lot of other things I give up when I'm drinking probably more.  Pay-offs and consequences. 
&gt;I miss abusing myself...oh my friend I know this feel. it has taken me a lot of work in therapy to understand and move past the desire to seriously fuck myself up. I'm a recovered bulimic cutter and addict. we *can* learn to love ourselves. it starts with believing deep down with unwavering conviction that we are worthy of love and good health. I couldn't do that without professional help. 
I too just want to get fucked up sometimes. In my addiction I thought of this as 'cutting loose.' When I play the tape forward I realize that this is when I would get blackout drunk and do something seriously regretful. It's really not about alcohol rather it's quite literally getting FUCKED UP. It's a self-destructive tendency that I am better off starving until I truly believe I am worthy of taking care of myself.
Oh one hundred times yes. I was and often still am exactly the same way. I thought it was beautiful fun romantic and enjoyable to embrace the abyss. When I went out for a night of drinking I often knew exactly how it would end up and would look forward to waking up in a strange place with half remembered memories of fucking everything up. I thought it was just great. It felt like I was one of those "cool" drunks in movies books and art. I remember telling a bunch of friends that I really wanted to wake up on a golf course one day and have no idea how or why I was there. I thought that sounded like a good idea. ..I've had to have a serious overhaul of my beliefs and values during this journey I've found that while a lot of that shit was in part fun the negative consequences always outweighed that fun. Also that line of thinking kept me from doing the things I actually wanted/dreamed of doing. Succeeding at work or with friends/family. Starting new hobbies (tennis dungeons and dragons reading have been some of mine) and just generally dragging me further into my self destructive depression. I'm really thankful for where I am now but the thoughts you've described have been a big struggle for me that I'm still coming to terms with. Cheers I'll raise my mug of coffee to you and the next 24 hours.
I'm currently reading - Drinking: A Love Story and I see the irony. The addiction the so-called love...hmmmm. Can't wait to finish this book now :)
