-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4u43oy/relapse_immediately_after_detox/

Hello. I'm a loved one looking for some insight from this community. My boyfriend detoxed at the hospital on Monday after about a month of serious drinking (he's been at it many many years but I'm newer to this). He was given Librium to take for a few days and we went home. I was able to stay with him through to the the next afternoon when I had to go to work. He lives with someone he met in recovery the idea being that they'd 'keep an eye on each other'. I spoke with this roommate about leaving my boyfriend in his care for a few days (I work live-in shifts 2x/wk). He seemed like he'd mostly be around and having been a former addict I assumed he'd be pretty on top of things...Well he wasn't. He was gone for hours at a time and even left $ so my boyfriend could 'get out of the house go get some food'. It isn't surprising what happened next straight back to drinking. He took off the next morning (yesterday) and aside from a few texts no word and no idea where or how he is. ..So my question: I'm feeling pretty angry towards this roommate and I want to understand if my anger is justified. I do understand that drinking is ultimately a choice but considering these particular circumstances I really don't think my boyfriend was capable of making decisions at this very vulnerable time. He was sober for a day day and a half maybe if it counts while he was on Librium. The day he started drinking perhaps the moment was when he ran out of Librium and to my mind faced with the returning anxiety and the long-lasting fog of his last drinking binge I don't at this point believe he should be held particularly accountable for his 'decision making' (at that point it seems more like a physical impulse)...As a recovered addict I really thought his roommate would be there for him would understand the particular vulnerability of that space and would keep a hawk eye on him until I got back and we got him into a meeting and all the other supports we had planned. I don't feel like I'm angry just for the huge existential sake of it I feel angry very directly towards this person who in my opinion really fucked up. When he called me Thursday afternoon finally he told me what had happened and said 'could you please not contact him for a bit so hopefully he can keep it together and get his paycheck and bring me the rent. I don't want him to get worked up'. The rent! So fucking important! This is a man who has been hospitalized for a suicide attempt in the past and numerous times for near-lethal drinking. He was near-lethal when we got him in Monday and that was before he assumed as I'm sure he does now that he's lost me his home and his job...Please help me understand if my anger is misplaced. At the end of the day blame does not help anything but looking honestly at a situation can at least teach us all something. I know you all have a much better understanding of that specific space between detox and getting supports in place and I'm really curious about accountability at that time. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Nobody can get a drunk sober and definitely nobody can keep them sober. If functioning adult wants to drink there's nothing to stop him. Personally I think the roommate made a huge mistake - he should not have put himself in the position of relying on an alcoholic for rent. Other than that he didn't do a single thing wrong. He's not a security guard and it's not his job to keep anyone but himself sober. I can only imagine how difficult that might be given his living situation...Adding: I get that this is a frustrating situation and that more than anything else you want to understand. But blame-shifting doesn't help. I think I sounded like a dick above and I'm sorry about that. Addiction is the dick; it makes people unrecognizable.
You can't expect anyone to babysit your SO. I literally have no one "watching" me. I am pretty much only accountable to myself. It sounds like you guys might be struggling with some accountability issues. Your SO is responsible for his own behavior- don't be upset at the roommate. ..Have you checked out Alanon? 
Your anger is misplaced. To expect one adult to babysit another is silly unless there is some legal ramification that makes it necessary. If I wanted to go drink no one could stop me. ..It sounds like your boyfriend really needs inpatient treatment. If he has the opportunity take it. It was a positive experience for me; one of my best decisions. ..Check out /r/Alanon a support group for friends and family of alcoholics. That's support for you!   .And rehab for your boyfriend!
Here is my personal experience with detox: it can be extremely disinhibiting the exact same way that alcohol is for some.  Each time I've detoxed I have had trouble with this.  One time I cut in detox because I was profoundly upset by a meeting.  This most recent time I walked out only to go home and drink prepare for suicide and slingshot back.  It's always been Ativan to Librium for me and in the latter case I had Librium on board...Keep in mind two things: 1.  Librium is given because it has an extremely long half-life.  The moment he ran out of Librium was NOT the moment the Librium was out of his body.  2.  Of course he must choose to stop drinking himself.  And no one has any obligation to another person to prevent them from doing what they are going to do or even much power....Inpatient detox might be something for your guy to consider until his brain can reach some semblance of equilibrium again.  Either that or inpatient psych.  Around here they don't even do outpatient detox of any kind.  ..The change of environment and meeting/group offerings alone can be helpful.  Sitting on your hands at home is really hard.
My boyfriend with whom I had lived for 3 years died because he could not stop drinking. I was devastated. I went into Alanon for a while and discovered that despite what I thought I could not stop him from drinking. Only he could stop himself from drinking. It is heartbreaking to have a love one whose life is spinning out of control with addiction but I urge you to take care of yourself first. Best wishes to you.
I think you've gotten really good feedback I just wanted to add something from my recent experience. I also started drinking shortly after detoxing. I am now sober but I needed to NOT go home immediately after detox and get stabilized in an inpatient environment. This was what worked for me. I knew that if I went home immediately after detox that I would be screwed and that I couldn't trust myself...I certainly can't speak for your boyfriend but I know for myself that I truly WANT to be sober. That helps. We ultimately have to want it for ourselves. Oftentimes the bottom can come up to hit us through the love and desires of those we love - but lasting sobriety usually takes place when we really want it ourselves...As far as anger it's understandable but as you seem to already know blaming someone else for these circumstances won't help. It certainly isn't the roommate's fault - and even the most diligent friend or family member cannot keep a determined alcoholic from drinking. ..Wishing you and your boyfriend the very best - I hope he lands in a longer treatment situation and that this episode turns out to be the wake up call needed. Don't be afraid to check out Al-Anon (not a magic bullet by any means but it can help) and get support for yourself. It's so easy to get sucked in to the drama!
/r/alanon might be helpful for you. This is neither the roommates nor your fault.
