-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4u6igz/alcohol_free_for_12_days_really_struggling/

Hi. I'm off booze for 12 days now (again) and working to make this the time it sticks. My marriage isn't going to survive much more so there's that. I live 4000 miles away from my parents but I'll be seeing them tomorrow for a family event. I'm going crazy. I've taken a long walk I've watched TV I've eating my body weight in ice cream and all I want is to drink. I don't know how to do this and I'm scared I can't. I have to see them sober (they'll be drunk) and I don't know how to cope. Sorry to vomit this on everyone. ..ETA: Thank you all so much for your support. I didn't drink. I'm still not drinking. It was terrible but not because I wasn't drinking; it was terrible because being around them is always terrible and the next day when everyone was suffering from their hangovers I allowed myself feel a tiny bit smug and superior. That part wasn't so terrible!
----------immediate responses--------

Ice cream was all I wanted for the first three weeks. It's weird how that works. ..Something I've seen work when it gets to be too much is to try not drinking one hour at a time one minute at a time if necessary. And posting/reading here. We're not drinking together. We have your back. You can do this. 
Hey! Mindful meditation helps me stay in the moment and not worry about what is in the near or distant future.  There are plenty of guided meditations on youtube.  Take it minute by minute if needed.  You can do this!  I'm not drinking with you tonight!
You can do this! Don't give in because it's easier. Prove to yourself how strong you can be take that control back. 
This is something I did: I told myself - I can drink. I'm a grown-up I can do whatever I want. I'm just going to wait... 20 minutes. Then say that again. And again. Sometimes it was 20 seconds. Sometimes it was 5 minutes. You can do this. 
[deleted]
Have you thought about getting some support? Meetings? Therapy? Treatment? This is a very difficult thing to fight alone. Most people who succeed have some outside help with their recovery. It doesn't have to be super hard...the more I asked for help the easier it became.
Hang in there there nothing that competes the the nightmare that is the first couple of weeks...Remember the worst is almost over and if you go back you'll end up repeating the cycle another time its cyclical self torture!.
You can do this. Do it for the increasing number by your name do it for your marriage do it for yourself. Have you tried any meetings yet? Or perhaps even the AlAnon subreddit? They are great when discussing boozing relations. So is SD - but always good to have more options!!
Call someone that has been sober longer than you and ask them how they got through this moment when they went through it. 
It's a small thing but it's really made a world of difference for me to realize that I don't "need" to be drunk around my drinking family since they're already doing it for me.  Whether I get awkward or quiet or shit-stupid or a fight breaks out it doesn't really matter--they're not paying nearly as much attention to me as they are to their drinks.  Even when someone has gotten confrontational with me I can pack up my shit and walk away on a dime because I'm sober and clear-headed.  By the end of the night it's forgotten...I spent years lubing my interactions with and numbing my nerves around them all.  It was one of my biggest obstacles to quitting.  They're still a bunch of assholes; I still limit my interactions.  The only difference these days is that sober I'm never the one sending out hangover apologies the next morning when we *do* get together.
[removed]
When I feel like I'm going crazy I take a few minutes just to stretch my body. Sounds wierd but it does relax me a bit and help me calm down. Hope you're Ok friend please stay with us here and let us know how you get on. We're here for you.
One day at a time. I do not drink for only one day at a time. There are days I experience hell and I have to divide the day into hour or minute increments. My mind will allow me to successfully complete the next hour without drinking. I might drink after that hour but until then I do not need to drink. When that time comes I renew my promise to not drink for another hour maybe 2 hours... depends on how I feel and what I am dealing with. My max time I need to deal with sober is one day and after a period of time living one day at a time becomes much easier to do.
I have an app on my phone that gives the amount of time I've been sober. Going on day three now. When the "well it isss Friday" itch kicks in I looked at the app. Did I want to toss those 3 days away? Do I really want to start over again...for the umpteenth time? Nope. Grabbed my jug of cucumber water and Netflix. Hang in there. You can do this. .I will not drink with you today. 
Duke it out! You can totally do it!!  :)
Don't give up. You can get through these feelings. 
I was in the same situation. Post withdrawal will take longer. Try to practice meditation eventually unpleasant feelings fade away. Then comes second phase if you can endure you will see benefits gradually through more happier life.  
Hi there! First of all congratulations on 12 days. In my experience keeping in touch with fellow problem drinkers in difficult times can really help me to stay sober. Personally I read posts from you guys and at the moment I check the SD forum every hour. It helps to take my mind off the devil's brew. I will not drink with you today and send you best wishes.
Exercise causes your body to release endorphins that calm you and make you feel good. Drinking alcohol it turns out causes your body to release many of those same endorphins.  When I was early in and was struggling I went for a run. It always helped.
If I get unbearable cravings I eat a huge meal that leaves me too full to be able to drink even one drink. 
That sounds really tough! I'm here if you need to talk good luck! 
I just keep reminding myself how good it feels to wake up not hungover. Good luck.
I found it helpful to find someone I could talk to once in a while about the journey.  Could be here could be a friend you know could be someone you find at a meeting.  I find it helps to talk...Hang in there.  We're rooting for you!
Hey Real Anne I sure hope that you made it through the night!  Yesterday was a hard day for me too. On hard days  I give myself permission to do practically anything this side of drinking.  I do know that that urge to drink does not last forever (although it seems like it does) and that every time I say "no" I am strengthening the defense against the next urge. That's how our brains work.   I also know that if I am doing something that  I like doing and that really demands my attention (riding my bike knitting real cooking) the desire fades much faster.  Sitting in front of an electronic device ruminating does not help at all!  Some people say that fear means False Evidence Appearing Real. So another thing that has worked for me: If you can go to a meeting of some recovery group and share your fear you will hear the sort of support you're getting here with human voices faces and probably hugs attached and hear how those people have faced similar situations and - huge bonus - you will not be drinking  the whole time you are there. You just have to ignore all that doesn't fit you and soak up what does.  My experience is that whatever I imagine a situation is going to be like is usually quite different from the actual experience.  May today be better than you have imagined it will be!  
You can do it.  Don't think about not drinking tomorrow or for the rest of your life.  Just don't drink now.  Don't drink for an hour or don't drink today...I believe in you.
I needed sober support and help to make it through. For me that came in AA and lots of introspection and other healthy lifestyle change. I totally should've gotten a therapist way back when. Hang in there and be kind to yourself!
Firstly congrats on two weeks.  That's awesome!!!..I know how you feel...I don't have any great advice because I'm going through much the same thing.  It just makes me feel better to know that this is part of the process and that everyone else is/has gone through the depression and cravings too.  I just remember that if I relapse I have to go through this whole thing all over again.  Reading SD every day helps a lot.
Do you have replacement drinks?  I was putting down 6-8 sparkling waters a day when I first quit helps to keep the drinking habit fulfilled without actually drinking. 
I found when life was toughest in my very early sobriety attending an AA meeting was a blessed relief. Support friendliness understanding...I always left there feeling stronger.
I used to manage my biggest urges by smoking joints. It didn't only do some good but it would calm me down. .Don't let it become another addiction though.
