-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ua7wk/1030pm_in_dublin/

Often I type a post - sometimes on the check in sometimes a stand alone post - and it says something akin to "10:30pm in Dublin and I'm struggling with..." and usually people chime in with some help. Tonight is different...I type this because this page is often a list of struggles and maybe that's discouraging to people just starting out. Yes I have bad nights but you know what I have good nights too...I'm going to have a cup of tea and head to bed. I might watch a movie. I might check in with some friends online. Maybe I'll look at places I want to travel to. I don't want to drink. I don't want to drive to the nearest bar and drive home drunk and poor 5 hours later. There's whiskey downstairs I don't care about. ..I might struggle tomorrow but you know what it's half ten in Dublin and everything is fine.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to hear it. Sleep well.
Nice to see someone in my own timezone :)  Greetings from the other side of the Irish Sea (well a fair chunk of Britain also).
Hiya. Glad you are safe and well and sober in Dublin. Best wishes to you.
Hey I remember you. I asked if it's DUB-LIN or DOOB-lin. Dub for sure. I'm really glad you're doing well out there. I'm here in  NY (...well. Hoboken NJ we want so *badly* to be part of Manhattan...) and my boyfriend just left for his parents house for the night. I elected to stay. Usually this would be prime drinking-in-secret materiel. But I didn't stay to drink alone I stayed because I just spent a whole *week* with his family on vacation and while I had a lovely time I need a *break* from his cliche Jersey Italian step mom. Christ. Her favorite adjective is "insane". So the weather today is just *insane* and the water is so *insane* and the day today is crazy it's just *insane* and I'm going to GO insane if I hear it one more time.   .....so I stayed. :) I'm gonna knit and listen to my audio book. game of thrones. Cheers!
In Northern Illinois  6:10 pm.  Getting dinner together.   Massive thunder storm just rolled through.   Dropped the temperature about 20 degrees Fahrenheit.  No beer tonight iced coffee now and cigarettes after the five-year old goes to bed.
Hey! First time seeing you post here. I'm glad you did. I'm only an hour or so drive away from yourself. Nice to hear from someone close. I'm finding the weekends alot easier although when I hear of everyone going out on the lash it gets tempting. It's more of a loneliness thing for me though. ..Glad all is well! 
Good on you lad. Would you know it- at 10.30 everything was fine up here in the northern wilds too without any drink  :)..Sleep well! 
This was nice to hear :-)
9:20PM in NY. Just had my first date sober. LOL that's why I'm home already at this time on a Saturday night! I was a nervous wreck and almost didn't go but it was one of the best things I've done in sobriety. No alcohol no pressure to drink just good ol' fashioned conversation and iced tea :). Good on you for chilling at home Dublin! It feels damn good to go to sleep sober have a restful night sweet dreams and be happy to wake up without a hangover. Sleep well!
Nice! :-)
03.15 in Waterford hang in there buddy! 
well done! it's nice to appreciate the small sober things sometimes. it's half past ten now on the east coast of the US and everything is fine as well. not drinking with you today =)
You make a good point there. We need more posts about positive stuff. Well done. Thanks. 
Fainne oir ort!
