-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ue1dn/i_need_a_badge_reset_thoughts_on_my_relapse/

I drank last night. And I didn't just have the 2 I was planning I had 4 drinks. Which was a lot considering I spent 6 months off the stuff. ..I wanted to remember what it felt like. Now I remember and it really wasn't worth it hahaha. I don't know. I was expecting something awesome. But all I got was a warm buzz. Stumbling home. It wasn't awful but I did premeditate coming back here today. ..What I really think I need to do is start going to meetings. I have been putting it off for too long. I will reach out to my mom and see if she can make the time to join me because I am just too damn shy. ..And to come completely clean I must admit even though I abstained from alcohol this year I abuse drugs almost every day. Caffeine neurontin kratom THC to name the main ones. I think I wanted to relapse so I can take a good hard look at myself and realize I never had a handle on this. Even food is a drug to me and being a diabetic it is a dangerous one... so... I need a real recovery plan. ..Not sure what I am accomplishing here other than honesty. And that's important. So there you go. :p I do know that I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. It's a good sign you came back so fast.
i just started going to meetings...so far it is good...i wish you the best; you are worth it.
A little bit of honesty open-mindedness and willingness is all it takes in my experience. Sounds like you have everything you need. Taking a look around here and figure out what others have done to lead successful lives in sobriety can't hurt. ..Meetings helped me especially in early sobriety. I have yet to drink at a meeting. Sometimes it is the only place I can be absolutely sure there will be no alcohol served. 
I'm glad you're back and holding yourself accountable...I will not drink with you today!
Doing 90 in 90 and working step 2 now with a sponsor. Seems to be working.
Reaching out to your mom sounds great.  I have a bunch of accountability partners.  I am shy too but I attend some meetings.  I see a life coach and work the steps with her.  I use everything as a drug too.  I am just learning balance.  It takes work.  I just finished my lengthy inventory and it was a huge eyeopener.  Good luck to you!!
Honesty is crucial.  Accountability is too.  Good for you for both.  "It really wasn't worth it." Surprise surprise but isn't it amazing what our minds tell us (I say FU Evil Twin Skipper)...welcome back so quickly and clearly.  I'm only one drink away from being where you are so I won't drink with you today.
You're still awesome and still strong. Bummer about the reset but it's just a badge; what's important is that you're even more determined. 
If you are back here today I would call that a lapse and not a relapse. (My own nuance of the words) Sounds like there are some other things in play. (I had to look up what neurontin and kratom were) The meetings are a positive idea. Listening and sharing. Find a group or two that you connect with somehow. I found that having some emotional outpouring (I cried a bunch) helped me figure out why I was otherwise emotionally numb. (That's me)..Honesty with yourself and others is the best policy...welcome back onto the wagon we saved your spot.
Oh man the bit about wanting to relapse to really see where you are with everything. Just went through that EXACT same thing. I have a lot of enablers in my social sphere and in many years of my drinking no one ever told me they thought I had a problem. My anxiety has been really bad this month and I relapsed HARD in part I think because I really need to see just how fucked up things get for me when I drink. Gonna get a badge reset and recommit. Good luck to you!.
Welcome back and congrats on the quick return! My fear is if I drank I'd go balls to the wall until I ended up dead or in jail. But we have lived with our shame too long during using no sense of doing it to ourselves when sober.
