-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uepuc/what_would_you_reset_for/

Hi guys!..47 days in here and I had a bit of an "incident" last night that I wanted ya'll to weigh in on. I was at a birthday party for an old friend drinking La Croix while everyone else had margaritas and beer. A few hours into the party one of my friends broke out a special edition beer he's been saving for several years and poured it out into 8 taster glasses. I should have passed but for whatever reason I didn't. I ended up drinking the taster - about 2oz of dark beer...I didn't get drunk crave another drink or even feel particularly guilty but I felt a little funny about having the beer. Is leaving my badge as-is dishonest if I did partake in a few oz of alcohol? My biggest worry is that this might be a slippery slope. If I decide that a few ounces "just to taste" is alright how long until I decide that a single drink is ok? I've made the decision already that moderation is a no-go and that I won't be trying it. But does that mean that complete and utter abstinence is the key and that a taste of alcohol counts as a relapse or a slip-up? I'm not sure where the line should be drawn or if absolute zero is the only way...My husband my biggest supporter in all this thinks that I should do a "soft reset." Don't reset my badge but make a note of the date I had a few ounces of beer and begin counting after that date as truly "drink free." I'm still on the fence about not caring about this incident doing as he said or just resetting completely. ..What would you guys do? At what point would you reset your badges? A taste/sip a full drink or getting drunk? Any other boundaries you've set for yourselves? I'm interested to know.
----------immediate responses--------

Your badge is for you to use as you see fit so I can't tell you how to decide this. ..It does seem you have done a lot of thinking about the potential for sliding down further. That is great! I slid several times in ways that were very similiar. I would have just one small special drink on a super special ocasion. Oh I was generally fine for a day or two but the seed was always planted. Within days another special time would magically appear. Then another and within weeks it was back to every day is special. ..Keep up the great thinking. You can do this.
The number is not a score.  This isn't a game.  There aren't rules.  It's your number do use as you wish...What matters to me is I'm sober today and if I were to drink today I'd probably never be sober again.
Personally I would NOT reset for this...The circumstances certainly can lead to a slippery slope but your intent was not to "drink" as to "taste"...Some people treat alcohol like liquid mercury and won't ever touch a drop literally...The following things I have done and felt no guilt not resetting my badge:..--Sampled a bit of Tequila at a store while buying a gift for a tequila lover...--Poured wine into pasta dishes and have a roast recipe that calls for 1/2 bottle..--Taken Nyquil when ill..--Taken my fiber supplements. Seriously my FIBER GUMMYS have alcohol in them...--Ate a slice of rum cake willingly. Knew about the rum but after the first piece decided no more as I could feel it. ...(Though I did reset after pouring a 100ml bottle of whiskey and drinking it because the intention was to consume alcohol for alcohol's sake)..Ultimately it's up to you. I personally feel it is the *intent* to alter your mental state that causes the reset.
As others have said it's subjective and up to you but since you asked I would personally reset my badge if I knowingly and voluntarily had any alcohol. If someone handed me a drink thinking it was my water and it was vodka and I unknowingly took a sip I wouldn't count that. But if I made a conscious decision to drink alcohol to me that would nullify my badge. ..It's the slipperiest slope in the world honestly. The only way any of this works for me is if I approach it in absolutes. I spent two decades negotiating and compromising with myself about how much I could should would and wouldn't drink and what "counted" and what didn't. Now I don't drink any quantity of any alcohol ever. When I start trying to rationalize shit I know I'm in trouble. 
I don't drink alcohol at all anymore just to make sure that it's very clear to myself that it's a line I don't cross slippery slope (every time I've gone back to drinking it began with that first sip) and all that BUT in the first month after quitting I had single sips of wines my wife ordered solely for taste and considered it fine at the time.  Personally I wouldn't reset but I would consider it (for me) potentially dangerous also.
My badge indicates how many days it's been since I have consumed any alcohol. I can't imagine having a beer because I don't drink alcohol under any circumstances. Your situation makes me curious about how serious you are about sobriety. 
I agree with your husband.  I use a couple of anti inflammatory herbal tinctures in my tea that contain miniscule amounts of alcohol occasionally without any problems.   I didn't realize they enen contained alcohol until recently and since they never caused any I'll effects I will continue to use them from time to time.  I will also continue to use vanilla (and other) extracts when I bake even though they contain alcohol as well.  I will also use cold meds if I feel I need them.  To a sobriety "purist" this is probably cheating.  But I never lost control shamed myself peed myself vomited slept with a stranger or even missed work after drinking herbal tea or cough syrup or eating vanilla lemon pound cake.  I'm going to make my own judgement call when it comes to these things and let them slide.  Other than that.....I will not drink with you today! 
I would ask myself if I want to stop drinking or not?  My answer would be "Yes" in which case I would reset my sobriety date.  +/-47 days will not make any difference in a lifetime of sobriety to come.  I want my sobriety to mean I haven't taken a drink or drug since.  No astericks or "except fors" or any other qualification.  If instead I just wanted to drink on special occasions I wouldn't bother with a sobriety date.  Nothing wrong with that if you can do it.
I would reset if I intentionally or recklessly drank alcohol.  ..A deeper question implicit in your post is what would be worth resetting for--for me NOTHING.
My sober anniversary is a big thing for me 6 years down the line. For the last 6 years friends of mine have got me a cake to celebrate and 20 or so people on average sign my anniversary card - that's just what we do and it's quite a common occurrence...What if the same thing happens to you? What if your loved ones make it an annual celebration? And each year not only you but your husband knows that this is a lie and each year you go on lying to these people and each year it get's harder to tell the truth - how would you feel about that? How would your husband? How would that effect your sobriety?..As every year goes by not only you will know you are lying so will your husband and so will presumably all those 8 people you had that drink with...A big part of my recovery from alcoholism comes from the trust I have earned back from all those people I used and abused throughout my drinking. I have invested tens of thousands of hours keeping my promises doing what I said I was going to do and telling the truth about what I have been doing. But what if 8 of those people knew about that one drink that "didn't count"? How could they trust me if they knew I was lying about my sober date?.."Oh isn't it great that *regretlessly* hasn't had a drink for 6 years now" - "Yes but don't you remember though she had that drink that didn't count that time?" - "Yeah wonder how many other drinks she's had that 'didn't count'" - it's kind of hard to win back any kind of trust with people with that stuff hanging around......
I used to have a boss who lied all the time but she wouldn't admit that she'd told a lie. She'd say she told an "untruth." This is doublespeak which is (according to Wikipedia) "a euphemism meant to make the truth more palatable." In my mind saying you're doing a "soft reset" is using doublespeak...Personally (since you asked) I don't drink. At all. Period. It doesn't matter if it is a sip or a full bottle. The fact that you say "I'm still on the fence about not caring about this incident" makes me worry that you are not taking your sobriety as seriously as you could. 
If you see my badge that is how many days it has been since I ingested any alcohol or drugs. Well actually the day before  14 December  1993 I had my last drink.  I had left drugs behind a couple weeks prior.
An excellent question!  My badge is for *being sober* not being a purist.  Maybe that's because I live in wine country? 
Thanks for the responses everyone! It's really interesting for me to hear everyone's personal methods and as people have noted the process is different for everyone...I don't think I'll reset for this incident but I'm going to make a note on my calendar. I won't bar myself from future tastes but I've decided to make those a single sip and not several sips that add up to ounces...Thanks to everyone that weighed in. :) I won't drink (or even sip) with you today!
