-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ufh0x/been_lurking_forever_its_time_to_finally_put_a/

Hello all-..I'm an incredibly long-time lurker on this sub.  I'm 31 and have been aware that I've had a drinking problem since I was about 25 years old.  I'm not a daily drinker and never have been but ever so often I get completely blackout drunk and end up behaving in ways that leave me completely ashamed humiliated and depressed following.  ..Recently hasn't been any different.  I normally drink two or three nights a week--and generally only even on the weekends.  A couple months ago I started on Zoloft because I was struggling with some depression and anxiety and it's really been a game changer for me.  I feel like it pretty much cleared all of that nasty stuff up but I have encountered a very unexpected side effect. ..Although I've had a drinking problem for years I am capable of moderating my drinking probably a good 60-80% of the time.  In fact I've had numerous long stretches where drinking has not been much of a problem but eventually one way or another I always end up where I am today. ..Since starting Zoloft I've realized it is 10X more difficult to moderate my drinking and I've gotten back into the habit of blacking out nearly weekly.  I've put off quitting for an incredibly long time because I'm scared it will damage my social and dating life.  ..So do any of you have any words of encouragement or advice?  In addition what are your thoughts on quitting alcohol and any impact it has had on your social and/or romantic life?  
----------immediate responses--------

I found for the first few months on anti-depressants that they actually helped me moderate my drinking. I thought I had found the ideal combination but I abused it of course and became a daily top up drinker for the first time. Now I am sober the meds really have a chance to work and they are doing the job together with a therapist AA and this sub. Quitting alcohol has transformed my life. It hasn't really affected my social life as I just have a few close friends and they are all really glad I stopped. I'm newly seperated so not ready for romance yet but  I am now sober non smoker employed (got the job sober) and I like cats AND dogs. I think there will be someone out there. A co worker was recently complaining to me about her husband getting drunk at her son's 18th. I just said "I gave up" and she was very impressed. Doesn't sound like much but I haven't been impressing women fo a while (just ask my ex) 
Drinking and antidepressants aren't a good mix I did it for years. There's the whole 'your liver is working overtime' issue processing the meds and alcohol but also psychiatrically you're not going to get the full therapeutic benefits of the medication. I've been on A LOT of antidepressants over the years it wasn't until I got sober that I felt they actually made a real difference. You'll always feel something in the beginning with them but it can taper off just as quick as it came on especially if you're drinking frequently. Funny enough I'm on Zoloft now and it helps but a pill is not intended to fix everything. Just help chemically to put you in the right mind to want to fix things. Good luck!
When I was drinking and on Lexapro it made things worse. I needed to stop drinking and take Lexapro as prescribed for it to work properly. And today it works very well for me. Just a friendly caution - I'd be very careful about drinking while taking Zoloft. I'm not a doctor but it's just standard to not drink while taking medications. Happy to share this sober journey with you..welcome aboard!!
