-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ugbig/relapsed_feeling_pretty_ashamed/

Requested a badge reset. I don't even know what to say. I just feel bad. The boredom is what got me I think.. Sorry everyone. I'm going to try again. :(..EDIT: in case any fellow newbies were wondering this is not an easy undertaking lol. When inevitably you think "I've got this in the bag" stay vigilant.
----------immediate responses--------

What matters is that you're back! Try not to beat yourself up over it though. I think most of us have had a few goes at this before it finally sticks.
Welcome back xJT. It took a lot of courage to come back so quickly and post your honesty. It's not something you apologize to us for; rather if you feel that it was boredom that triggered you just come up with a plan and dedicate yourself to doing something other than drinking during those times. I'm always careful about Hungry Angry Lonely Tired (HALT) and boredom can fit right in there. So let's get that badge reset and pick right back up. Here are your official oars let's continue paddling shall we?? ;)
While the higher badge numbers are nicer to look at yours is still meaningful.  That 1 represents a lesson learned.  That you're not willing to give up.  I sure wish my 7 was higher because it doesn't convey that I've only drank twice in the past month.  But each time I feel myself getting stronger and maybe a wee bit wiser...Take the lesson learned and move on.  Nothing to be ashamed about.
Hey I did too. I still need to request a new badge. Boredom was definitely a trigger for me today. I can't seem to last more than a few days. But we only lose this battle if we quit trying! 
keep going pal - you only fail when you stop trying.
Happens to a lot of us. You didn't lose what you learned during your previous sober time. You're not starting back at square one. ...Keep your head up. I'm proud of you. 
I feel your pain. I relapsed as well and need to go through the withdraw symptoms again  I dont know what it is. I just keep going in circles. feel better drink feel like crap feel better drink feel like crap.. I almost had a month in this time. 
I did too. Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde in full effect as the weekend came around... But I did learn something from it. Next weekend will be a success for me - I can feel it!
I've been there. But since you are back here that means you are persistent. That is a quality that everyone must have to live sober. Welcome back and keep it up!
I'm glad you're here! Don't dwell on what you can't change. Focus on what you CAN change! :)
Agree with below.  You are back!
I  recently had my badge reset. It's a bummer. Wednesday would have been a year. I wanted that year. I didn't get wasted or anything horrible did have a hangover and anxiety.  Glad you got right back. Stay healthy my friend
Admittedly I had a really hard time staying away yesterday too don't know why. Had been flying high without even craving it and then outta nowhere the crappy feelings and boredom came around and was really tempted but didn't. What helped me was thinking about how long it had taken just to rack up the days I had and I didn't want to do it all over again. Can't let the monster in you get the better of you despite the temptation. 
I am terrified that if I relapse I will not stop relapsing for a long time. Fear keeps me sober. If I ever forget that fear I am in trouble.
