-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uh6yr/didnt_realize_this_was_a_relapse_until_now/

I have only been drunk 5 times this year. I used to brag about it because it really does sound better than saying that I've been drunk for most of the week every week.  My drinking breaks got so long that sometimes I think people asked me if I was drinking because they wanted to hear me say that I wasn't. Unfortunately this Thursday I decided that I was good at drinking again and it went as bad as expected and lasted well into Friday night. A short list of lowlights includes: blacked out driving potential drug use (not sure if I remember) injuring both of my feet unintentional starvation spilling beer on myself (or was that urine?) puke no sleep oh and finally I said yes to an offer of a threesome with a person I don't even like and her husband.   If I were sober I would have laughed at this request to partake in any kind of freaky sex shit but I was honestly to blacked out to understand what was happening. I guess for once having whiskey dick helped because I decided that I had to get up and leave as soon as things started happening. Today I decided to try out AA since avoiding booze on my own doesn't work. I did not go to the meeting tonight because I honestly was still feeling much too hung over. I do intend to go to one tomorrow or soon as I don't have this sick feeling. At this point it seems like the only thing that will help to keep me totally abstinent from booze. ..Initially I considered these previous four drunks this year just one simple mistake but with number five I realize what it really is and that is a relapse and not just a bad decision. I decided to get real help with others who really will understand my problem. ..I requested a badge reset but I'm not sure if it's working on mobile. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're back. I won't drink with you today.
[removed]
Well that was a relapse of pretty biblical proportions! As you say not one you can afford to ignore.  It's good you're going to AA asap.  Alcohol is such an addictive substance.  I'm find This Naked Mind a good read. I'll stay sober with you today.
Nice work on making the call about AA. It's a positive sign that you're learning from your mistakes and you want to do better. A big step for me was to admit to myself that (yes I have a problem) but more importantly that NO I do NOT have it under control...I'm sorry you have a huge hangover and I hope you feel better soon.
Even tho my badge is only 5 days something that as been helping me a ton as opposed to other methods was Allan Carrs Easyway to stop drinking. ..I was skeptical but it bad really helped my mindset. Went through a breakup with a wonderful girl this weekend and it gave me a much healthier perspective without me even realizing it would.
Welcome back.  It is amazing how that first bad decision (1st drink) turns into an avalanche of bad choices.  I'm glad nothing really bad happened to you.  Alcohol was my high risk hobby and I had to give it up so I could stay safe and happy.  I'm not drinking with you today.
