-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uildd/if_drinking_nonalcoholic_beer_doesnt_cause_a/

Hey guys! First off I want to thank this sub for the constant support and encouragement that is spread I have been lurking since I stopped drinking 25 days ago. I have noticed (and maybe the time of year is to blame) that I have enjoyed drinking non alcoholic beers (Clausthaler) with family and after certain things like mowing the lawn or being out in the heat. I have read others talk about how they avoid them completely because all they do is trigger cravings. But that hasn't been the case for me. They haven't made me wish I was getting inebriated or feel like they are lacking. I am well aware that it is empty calories but I honestly think they still taste enough like beer for me to enjoy without the negative aspects of intoxication. I appreciate your thoughts thank you!!
----------immediate responses--------

There many different paths to sobriety. If this works for you then by all means continue to enjoy! 
I don't want anything that tastes even remotely like the poison that almost took my life. 
To each their own. Some people realize they hated the taste of beer the entire time and didn't realize it because their brain was triggered to need it. If you truly enjoy the taste and it's not making you crave the need to get drunk then it's just like drinking a soda for you.
For me recovery was about forging new paths. That meant I wouldn't drink things that pretended to be my drug.
[removed]
A big little word "if". There may come a moment when you think "To hell with this fake pisswater I want a proper beer." I've seen it happen to people. Your choice obviously but experience advises caution.
[removed]
Whilst on holiday last week there was a day when the weather was pretty hot. I decided a NA beer would be nice (more for mouth-feel than anything)...It tasted foul. I drank the same beer in my drinking days if I was driving and used to quite like it. Maybe my taste buds are changing?...
[removed]
This is a hot button subject on stopdrinking.  But everyone is different.  That said very early in my sobriety N/A beers helped me.  When I had to attend summer family BBQ's where everyone was drinking I had these readily available as a crutch for me to not drink actual beer.  It helped me.  I'll also say that I quickly realized (I tried them all) that these all taste like a box of rocks.  Flavored seltzer is what I turned to. I've had every flavor ever created it seems and I still drink them every day.  Just my 2 cents. 
most think this is a bad idea I'm in the camp where I don't mind them from time to time. I haven't had one in probably over a year but I will get one occasionally. In early sobriety I would drink them more often but it was still pretty limited. I also enjoy the taste so it's nice to have something that has a similar taste on a hot day or special occasion. do what works for you I say.
[removed]
I happily drink NA beer often and only ever want to drink one or two it does not activate the dopamine craving cycle in my brain like alcohol does.
After two and a half years of missing sangria I recently visited a Mexican restaurant that offered a non-alcoholic sangria-flavoured soda pop in a bottle...I was SO EXCITED. I miss a few things about drinking and sangria is at the top of the list. And oh man that sangria pop was SO GOOD...But it was also scary. Because it really tasted like it had red wine in it. I started to feel uneasy as I drank the pop. About halfway through the bottle I just put it aside - I couldn't finish it it tasted so good and I was so worried that it would be a slippery slope back to booze...If you can manage to drink NA beer without relapsing then good on you I guess but it's too dangerous for me.
You ever try canned soda water (water + CO2)? I just drink the plain ones no flavor. It might taste as bad as the first beer you drank but if you keep drinking them you actually like the flavor or lack of flavor in my case. On a hot day there's nothing like cracking open a ice cold soda water and chugging it. All those bubbles down my throat and pure water so no sodium and sugar...really hydrates! Totally refreshes. Just remember the first time you drink one it will taste like crap until you get used to it.
I've posted this before - I drank NA beer when I was previously sober for 10 years. I tried one on vacation a couple of weeks ago and thought it tasted awful so I probably won't be drinking it now. But the bigger thing is why do you want it? (Understand that my question truly comes without a dog in the fight). Because it's "refreshing?" There are lots of other refreshing fluids. Because it tastes like beer?  Then you have to decide whether the weasel-piss-ness flavor of it (obviously no judgment from me there!) will entice you to want something that *really* tastes like beer. That could be a problem. Look at your motive look at your pattern look at your responses. If it mimics your "real" drinking" then that's worth noticing. 
Why have all the effort to stop drinking the alcoholic one and then risk everything for something that is even more easy to stop using?..I loved gin tonic... but I won't drink Tonic Water because I loved gin tonic... there are like 100 others sodas I can drink why risk it?
I think if it doesn't cause cravings then more power to ya. :) 
im pretty sure a lot of them still have a little alcohol like .5% or something i wouldnt
Am I the only one who has felt hung over the day after drinking a few NA's? Head ache dry mouth just not feeling as well as I do when I haven't had them.. That alone is a reason for me to not touch the NA's :).
[removed]
I think it's fine - as long as it doesn't make you want a real one. Personally I think I'd rather have a ginger beer or mock tail for a fancy drink but to each their own I don't think it's about replacing alcohol it's just nice to have something other than water sometimes. Be careful and think about what it represents to you but I say as long as you are comfortable with it rock on.
I asked something similar two or three weeks ago and got an overwhelming "no" response. At the time it didn't make sense to me because like you I knew that it wouldn't be a "trigger" and it was something I would really enjoy...But one poster asked me to really reflect on why out of 100 other possible drinks I could be having I was so fixated on a low alcoholic softdrink...And I'd ask the same. Yes its probably very low % but why are you craving a non alcoholic beer in particular? Why not any of the other drinks available? 
I drink NAs on a semi-regular basis. Typical is 01 or 2. Three NAs is a big night for me with a side of cashews. When drinking previously I would have had 2-4 high abv beers plus 1-2 bottles of wine depending on house inventory. Now I drink plenty of soda water or diet ginger ale through the day these days. So this is something different in the evening. I also drink the watery NAs on the boat so no chance of being busted by the marine patrol...My advice is to proceed with care. Any hint of a desire for a real beer and the experiment should stop immediately. Maybe you are one of the folks who can't even have Vanilla extract in your cake or maybe you are not. For me I have no plan to mess up my sobriety that I have worked so hard for. (My detox was awful and I'm not going back there.) My observation from reading r/sd is that most lapses/relapses seem to start before the actual happening so I stay vigilant to watch for any signs. ..I'm replacing the old patterns with new patterns one day at a time.
Lots of disagreement on this one but to me that very fact is proof that our experiences and solutions vary. ..For myself I would not have touched NA beer during the first few years of my sobriety. I wasn't a big beer drinker but I still thought I might be triggered by them. I do drink them now though it's pretty rare mostly when I go out for pizza. ..NA beer is far from my favorite drink though. If I'm going to have a high calorie beverage for pleasure I will have an Italian soda. Those are gooooood!
My experience:..I drink them from time to time. Where I live you can't really get much variety. In Germany for some reason they have tons of NA beer. Basically every restaurant had a few. and they were good! ..I've never had any problem with them. I think if you're honest with yourself about how they make you feel your behavior etc. then you could try it. but if you're really worried about it don't do it. not worth your sobriety. and like I said if you live in the US probably all the NA beer you can get tastes like shit anyway. .
They've helped stop me from relapsingbut I can see why some may feel 'triggered' by having one.
