-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uo6x7/suggestions_to_stop_a_relapse/

What is it about our brains that we are so ready to stop and then once we feel better we think oh I can have just a little more?  That keeps happening and I know better.  Suggestions to help stop thoughts stupid thoughts?  I want to be done for good!!! 
----------immediate responses--------

Just put it off. Find something else to do. Get out read exercise take a walk. Just take it minute by minute if that's what it takes..Tell yourself "I won't drink this (minute hour day)" whatever works for you. Call a friend. Talk about your cravings. Just talking about it can really help..It has worked for me for almost a year.
Have you read *This Naked Mind* yet? If not you should. The author spends quite a bit of time addressing this very issue...Basically this is your subconscious mind (frequently referred to on this sub as 'Monkey Brain) trying to get what it wants. And everyone struggles with this. Physical dependence diminishes fairly quickly. What's left is your *desire* to drink. Willpower alone will not last much like a muscle it gets tired and less effective. You need to cultivate some effective coping mechanisms. This is where group therapy or one on one therapy reading etc come into play.
Naltrexone and a pile of sheets? 
Ditto on This Naked Mind.  It's helping me teach or renegotiate with my monkey/lizard brain.  Its becoming less of "you don't need to drink" and more of "you don't have to drink".  It's amazing how cutting out something as harmful as alcohol causes us to think we're giving something up.  We're not losing anything we're gaining an entire world of possibilities by not drinking...Just tell yourself you don't have to drink today.  One day.  We'll do it with you.
I had to relapse several times before I truly realized I couldn't control my drinking. It used to make me feel like shit until someone mentioned relapse is part of recovery for some people. If it happens learn from it. Pick yourself back up as quick as you can analyze why it happened and move forward.
I find my relapses aren't truly sudden. I find myself hoping I'll relapse before I actually do and it's generally because some event is coming up---and Friday is an event... Or hell a whole season of the year is one too. ..For me if I really want to stay sober I have to think the event through assume I'll drink (instead of my normal half fear/half hope that I will drink) and list the pros and cons of drinking and of not drinking. This is what they call "playing it forward" I think. Then I plan how NOT to drink... Come up with good plan B's...To be honest though... I'm not sure all my thinking ahead will help me if an urge to relapse suddenly hits me on the head. If that's the case I will go with other posters' advice here which is to reach out and tell someone...
Whenever I think I may want just one or just a sip of something I play the tape forward.  I see myself taking a sip then just finishing up the one bottle then getting another one because I feel fine then keep going.  I see how disappointed my family will be I see how crappy I will feel in the morning and then I see how I struggle again getting through the detox.  Never again!  That does it for me.
You know you don't have to drink not even if you want to. Remember that when you think about it. Cravings will generally pass pretty quickly some people slow down to "five minutes/five seconds at a time." I found that kind of trite I'd just throw myself back into work but I'm a freelancer so that was pretty easy for me to do...Personally I'm at the point where the thoughts are more irritating than anything. I've been mostly sober for over a year though and I basically torched everything I built in May. Never had much to lose before and nearly lost everything which gave me a different perspective.
The Naked Mind definitely helped me as does playing the tape forward. I got my new mantra from a post here on SD: "A little bit is worse than none at all." I've got plenty of relapse experience to prove this and keep me from drinking today.
