-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uohn1/checking_in_picking_up_the_pieces_so_much_easier/

Hey SD this is my 3rd post in the last 6 days but I just wanted to check in with those of you like me still struggling in the first week and those of you who have a lot of time and security/sobriety under your belt. ..In the last 6 days I've called my parents and told them everything I've gotten a cool sponsor who's this funny old black dude with great advice I've ended a toxic relationship for good I've cleaned my apartment like crazy and I'm making a comeback at work. The self-pity is just starting to die away and it's so strange to think just how much booze was affecting the constant depressive state of mind I thought was simply part of who I am. ..There's still a lot of fear but it's getting better. Financial fear relationship anxiety just general uncertainty -- it's so much easier to handle without having a near consistent buzz going all the time. Going to an AA meeting tonight around 5:30 after work and then trying to find new housing for September. Those things make me a little nervous but if I was drinking I would be petrified by change and probably not do anything about it until the absolute last minute. ..Hang in there everyone! Today is a new day and we can decide how we want to work it. One love to this incredibly supportive network of people trying to make an incredibly positive change in their lives :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Life looks a lot better without the fog of alcohol eh?? Congrats sounds like you're on the right track!
Funny to think I was drinking because i was depressed only to realized I was depressed because I was drinking.
Congrats on a week! I'm glad you're here and on the right path. The beginning is very difficult but kudos to you for feeling better going to meetings being more productive. It takes a lot to do that! Keep doing what you're doing..we're here to support you :).
Great job! Sounds like you're powering through the hard stuff!  I found taking action in a positive way in my first days of sobriety really helped me keep moving forward.  It's hard to deny it's working when you're getting good results.  Keep it up and congrats on 6 days!.
