-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uu5lb/struggling/

I have been on and off sober for the past year the longest being about 4 months.  I use AA as my support and have a great sponsor and network of people that I use.  My typical behavior is once I start feeling well again my ego takes over and all I want to do is drink and I quit following all suggestions and pick up.  For some reason I can't picture my life without alcohol although all it has caused me is pain.  Luckily I haven't lost anything but if I keep going down the road I'm on I will.  I finally reached back out to my sponsor last night and he put it as simple as this- "do you want to live or do you want to die if you want to live you have to change."  I had a rough night last night but after speaking to him I felt some sort of relief.  I do want to change.  I feel like the more I talk about my issues the better it makes me feel.  Thanks for the support on this sub it helped get through 3 weeks without posting but I feel a venting post once in a while won't hurt.
----------immediate responses--------

you feel good so you drink again I so get that...You know drinking again will destroy what you have left what drinking hasn't ruined. In sobriety you can get those things back. From AA you know that God's plan for you is better than what you can imagine and that the promises will come true (guessing this may be part of the reason you start to feel better)...when our asses are on fire and we go to AA we will listen to anything. I've had to learn that I have to continue to listen and participate even when Things are good. Fortunately I only have to do it for today.
Sometimes putting things into written words helps me too. Seeing the words on front of me helps keep things real I am glad this helps you too...Change is difficult and change around quitting very addictive drugs like alcohol even more so. Like yourself it was the stark realization that keeping on the same path was almost certainly going to end poorly for me that kickstarted the change. The good part for me was that several months in I began to clearly see that I liked being sober and life was better lived with a clear mind. I hope this change helps you see things this way too...Take good care of yourself.
You're on the right track.  Congratulations on reaching out!  ..I've only been sober for 16 months and it's weird to picture the rest of my life without alcohol.  Getting through a whole year (my birthday the holidays beautiful summer days that cried out for a gin and soda) gave me some perspective:  Not one day has been bad because I wasn't drinking.  ..This might sound a little self pitying for the AA crowd but it is a shame I can't enjoy a drink the way non alcoholics can.  Life changes can be scary and difficult even if they are positive.
Make that ego work for you. Reward yourself with a sweet car part or a new video game or something. I used my ego to justify drinking and then I just freaked out on myself and flipped that shit over into sobriety fuel. Be a badass mofo because you don't drink. Reward yourself. Don't drink because you're looking forward to a goal. Life long sobriety should be a side effect of your striving to be the most badass motherfucker that lives in your bubble. 
[removed]
Everyone I know in recovery has felt EXACTLY this at some point. Just remember that you don't have control over that first thought to pick up. Surrender to that fact. You DO have control over that next thought and that next action. For me the hardest thing recovery is forcing myself to do things that don't come naturally when I am feeling uncomfortable - reaching out to a sponsor sharing at a meeting etc - but it's exactly those things that keep people sober long term. ..I know it sucks. Early sobriety really sucks. But what a relief it can be! The freedom it brings.....Good luck!
You have got to give yourself time to see the full effect...I am doing so much more now that I don't sit at home and drink after I get out of work. I get about 3 miles in a day disc golfing and I have strengthened relationships between myself and my father girlfriend and everyone else. And have made new ones!..I physically feel stronger. My diet is normal and not filled with junk. I can also feel my pants aren't as tight anymore and I'm losing the mini-beer belly I had. Again I'm not going t the gym or anything I simply cut out drinking started eating healthy and went out and I'm doing things like hiking and disc golfing. Also NSFW my boners are so much bigger and harder. ..I'm starting to pick up old hobbies like reading again as well as sparking long-term professional goals like opening up my own insurance agency (I'm an insurance agent). I am also so much more focused at work. None of that "I feel like shit today gonna push everything off till tomorrow except the bare minimum" only to say that the next day too...The finances. Wow. I drank Budweiser. I was spending at minimum $13 every 2 days. Sometimes I'd polish a 15 pack off sometimes I'd only do 8-9 minimum. I have so much money now. On top of that I'm not spending it on junk food like Taco bell because I'm not tired / too drunk to make a proper meal...And personally I think it's counterproductive to see drinking vs non-drinking as death vs life. It's really a matter of being alive vs LIVING. I know this sounds weird but when I quit drinking slowly but surely the grass started to seem a little bit greener the sunset a little bit more beautiful. I seem to cherish and embrace my friends and family as well as my dorky hobbies so much better. My mind doesn't feel like jello anymore. I am starting to be able to have deep dreams again. I am starting to focus on my physical appearance. No I'm not at the gym but I walk 3 miles a day (discing usually) I shave more often just overall try to improve myself which I never did drinking because I just didn't care. Sobriety opens up a whole new world my friend. 
