-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uu6lj/ive_been_trying_for_the_past_few_months_to_quit/

Well here I go again...I made it about 20 days before I told myself "look I went to parties without drinking" "look I almost went a month I can have some drinks." And then I was doing well not getting crazy with my drinking until this past weekend. There was a music festival in town and I just decided hey lets get drunk and take drugs for four days straight. The weekend went by in a blur and I did some hurtful things to a friend that I feel horrible about. And I just feel so ashamed and stupid for everything I did even when I was having fun I hate that I can barely remember half of it...I'm finally ready to admit I am a problem drinker. My last relationship was marred by drunken fights. Literally the only time we would have real fights and we actually broke up while we were drunk and it was ugly. And I realize it was the same for relationships before that. I am completely different person when I am sober and am appalled by what I can do and say when I'm drunk. I don't want to be like that anymore...I think the biggest part stems from my insecurity and lack of confidence. As we all know alcohol gives you that confidence to talk to new people and do whatever you want basically. I don't know why I lack confidence. I'm not bad looking by any means I've almost always had a girlfriend I am a musician in a band and I am always told positive things about my talents. I don't know what it is but I need to find a solution to it that isn't drinking...I think one of the hardest things about admitting you have a drinking problem is the way the "alcoholic" is portrayed in movies and media. You say "oh I'm not like that so I must be fine." And on top of that just the way drinking in general is promoted in Western culture. You have TV shows and movies that make binge drinking look fun and hilarious. It's all just fucked up...Anyways I need to get to work. I just wanted to make this post. I already woke up with doubtful thoughts in my head telling me "no you don't have a problem." But I do. And it's time for me to stop this. ..I will visit this sub more often this time. Reading your stories gives me courage and inspiration and I hope I can eventually do the same for others here..
----------immediate responses--------

Last week is the first time I admitted to myself I have a problem and it's crazy to me how much I've noticed about our culture. Almost every movie tv show etc. shows heavy drinking as "fun" and "normal". "I've had such a long day I need a drink!" ... "This situation is making me sad I'm going to get really drunk".I honestly don't know how I never noticed it before. It sucks we live in a culture that is so obsessed with alcohol and a lot of people can control how much they drink but a lot of people are not handling alcohol well either. A lot of people wake up regretting what they did when they were drunk. I'm really happy I finally admitted I'm not happy with this never ending cycle and I have the power to change it. This is all new to me so I don't have any great advice but I wanted to tell you I know how you feel. You are not alone. Take it one day at a time. 
Glad that you didn't believe the subversive voice. Welcome to this incredibly supportive group! I'll not drink with you today. 
&gt;I think one of the hardest things about admitting you have a drinking problem is the way the "alcoholic" is portrayed in movies and media. You say "oh I'm not like that so I must be fine." And on top of that just the way drinking in general is promoted in Western culture. You have TV shows and movies that make binge drinking look fun and hilarious. It's all just fucked up...This is one thing that is so obvious yet we're oblivious to it. I remember hearing recently that Americans now drink more than Russians. Sure the Russians still have their old men that are the stereotypical vodka-guzzling buffoons falling down in the streets. The reality is a lot of those people have died off and the younger generation is becoming more responsible. America on the other hand is heading down a dangerous path of drinking too much...I have found myself to become one of those people. I wouldn't consider myself to be a "victim" because I don't want that mentality. It's not like someone came from out of nowhere and put a gun to my head and forced me to drink. I was the one who decided to buy a bottle and put the poison in my body. That helps me not live in fear that I can't avoid sobriety. ..Good luck to you and I hope you're not drinking with me today.
