-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uus1q/why_did_you_stop_she_asked/

My answer to a friend of mine this morning was " It was a personal choice my life has improved beyond measure...I know I made a good choice".  I felt so good after I said this.  In early sobriety I would sometimes struggle with the "whys" but I felt really confident in my answer this morning.  Happy Sober Wednesday everyone!..Edit: I'm losing my everloving mind and cant keep days of the week straight :)
----------immediate responses--------

Love it. ..And is it Monday where you are? Time zones are weird..
I have taken my attempt strategy this time to get healthy vs. not drinking and the feedback I have been getting is very helpful. Discussions have not been based solely on past suffering but the here and now. Joining forces with people who want to be both physically and mentally stronger is amazing. So many folks working on self improvement that it is easy to share and be pleasently engaged in the common good fight vs. Wallering in the past. I'm finding that lots of the millenials are straight up not dealing with life's anxieties and depression and are openly fighting it at their young age. That is very cool. How far we gave come from the early Betty Ford clinics of coming out of hiding to actively fighting issues collectively.
I thought you quit because you had to come save me? I like my new and improved sober twin.
I feel like I'm the only one who thinks that question is as rude as asking how much money I make. *sigh*. I think because my reasons are deeply personal and I'm absolutely not discussing them casually at dinner just because you're (not YOU op you're marvelous darling) curious.   ..I like your response though. It's so empowering :) 
Great answer GOT I like it! And hey - nice work on 36 days :)
Great answer! That's where I stand with mine as well. I quit to be more bad ass. And now I am. 
Love that! I'll have to use something similar next time!
Looking forward to reaching this point!
