-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4uzf8e/annoyed_like_everyone_else/

My wife reminded me that I'm going to a party tomorrow and that people will be drinking and that they will probably try to pressure me into drinking. This bugged me to no end! Of course I know but I'm maintaining my "on a break" strategy and have shown that I can say "no." ..I want this to be my decision not feel like I am having to report to her nor feel like every moment is going to be a nail biting struggle. Yes I understand that I can be tempted to drink especially only 40 days in but it feels like I'm being watched. Also yes my sobriety effects her and I will inform her well in advance if I decide to break my "on a break" streak so I left it at essentially "let me run my race and you'll be the first to know the race has changed."..Am I being unreasonable? Am I being too controlling? Am I scapegoating her for my own anger that I'm even in this position? Am I the only one who has felt like this? 
----------immediate responses--------

I've never dealt with the spouse dynamic while getting sober but I had a few close friends that got a little over-protective of me early on because they cared for me. It did start to annoy me at times. ..They were going out of their way to try and make sure I wouldn't be around alcohol to the point of telling a server at a sit-down restaurant that if they served me they'd report them to the manager(I was mortified and embarrassed beyond belief). I had to tell my friends to tone it down. They got the message but it was nice to know that I had people in my corner looking out for me in this. But respectful boundaries were important to set. 
I've always found that clear communication about what I want spoken from the "I" delivered with courtesy and respect is the most effective approach and concomitantly all I can do...So there's 3 things there...Clear about what I want.  From the "I".  Courtesy and Respect...The most difficult is from the I.  The word "you" must be eliminated.  It's harder than it sounds.  I teach workshops on this in clinical team settings and they struggle with this...Here's how I might do it..."Dear I want your support.  I need and appreciate it.  Sometimes I sense that my every move assiciated with my sober journey is being examined very closely.  When I perceive that my mind tells me that I'm not trusted by people in my life.  Here's what I want and I hope there's willingness to give it to me:  patience love and trust.  For me that means not having reminders or expressions of concern about hiw I'm doing.  Here's what I want:  allow me to reach out if I need support.  Don't check in for me and don't think about hiw environments will affect me.  Let me do it.  I'll reach out if I need help.  I value your support.  I need your support.  And I have to do this my way.  I hope that's OK."..It's hard to not employ "you"...
Personally I wouldn't be happy if my missus tried to subtly control me with patronising little reminders like that. But then I have never given my missus a need to so I guess that would be the most important factor. Thus far my missus is unaware of my intent to quit just that I am on a health kick she never saw it as a problem so I didn't see the need to give her ( a worrier) something to worry about. ..I guess the sensible person in me says communicate it to her in a nice way rather than bottling it up and exploding about it later. Especially if you did ever give in to temptation you would blame her to an extend (or I would). 
