-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4v0vy3/new_to_the_group/

For the past couple of years I have realized I do have a dependence on alcohol.  I make it to work every day even if I'm feeling hungover over for the over indulgence from the night before.  Then by midday I start to feel better and look forward to coming home so I can just do it all over again.  A never ending cycle.  My only real hobby is drinking.  I can't just have one drink.  I have tried to give myself a three drink limit but after that third drink I have a pretty good buzz and it's game on.  ..There is a large history of alcoholism in my family.  I've seen the struggle first hand with my father and the depression he went through.  I'm proud to say that he has been sober for over a year now...I have quit drinking for a month one time.  I was proud of that accomplishment.  I ate better lost weight had more energy and much more motivated.  After that I told myself I would only drink on the weekends.  Soon after that I started adding another day he and there and before I knew it I was completely back into my old routine. ..I have been sober since Sunday.  Yesterday I almost fell back into my routine but I told myself no and I didn't.  I felt that was a pretty big step for me considering how easy it has always been to get back into it.  I need to take this one day at a time.  Writing this post will help me stay strong today.  I know alcohol is holding me back and I can be a better me.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome Mike. I'm only a week into this myself but congrats for making a tough but smart choice. You're in the right place and should be proud of yourself. ..Gret.
Welcome! I will not drink with you today! 
Welcome! I'm so glad that you found us! Lots of support and supportive people here to help when your willpower is lagging! I have made it a habit to check in every morning and commit to not drinking for the day...Over in the sidebar you'll find some really awesome resources! Check out /u/coolcrosby's baby steps. I also can't recommend *This Naked Mind* highly enough! Great book and it's available to members here for free...I look forward to seeing you around! I will not drink with you today!
Welcome and congrats! I also will not drink with you today!  
Way to recognize the pattern! I used to do the same thing with "only three drinks" but for me it was just awful to stop once I had that kind of buzz going...Glad you're here. Stick around it's a really helpful and interesting place.
