-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4v264p/my_tale_of_quiet_deception/

TL;DR.  Was sober for 2.5 years relapsed like an idiot. Just my story. (Sorry this is a long one) ..I wanted to write this story when I was sober for 2.5 years.  That was between Aug 2013 to December 2015.  A time when I was (truly) happy strong (hit the gym lost 25 lbs) excited about life proud of myself and successful.  I became a dad in that time.  I had true joy in my life and I was FREE. I finally beat this demon that held on to me for so long.  I no longer read self-help books and listened to hypnosis tapes to help me stop drinking and I stopped being utterly depressed because of what I had done to myself.  I really wanted to tell you all my story when it was a good one.  Maybe to hopefully motivate some people to keep up their sobriety because I was a success story and wanted to share my happiness and love and strength...But this story is not about success.  It's about self-denial and self-deception.  Which all started at the end 2015. A couple days before Christmas.  ..You know the one drawback of being sober is that your social life starts to suffer a bit.  Not horribly but it was enough to wear on me.  I was tired of not having "fun" with my friends. I was tired of being the guy who didn't drink at parties. Tired of being the "weirdo".  "He's not fun anymore".  "Where's the old friend I used to know?   It just got to me.  Like I couldn't be the normal one. So I decided I was going to finally start drinking again and moderate like a champ. Ha!..And so it all started with a sweet tasting christmas drink.  I couldn't believe how that one drink could hit me so hard and make me feel so horrible. Dizzy. Off balance.  Slightly ashamed but... a little free?  Because in a way sobriety felt like prison too.  And now I was out of my jail cell.  Ready to come back to the community. Hell I thought 1 drink is totally fine.  You're strong and you can be that one guy that can control this.  I can have my cake and eat it too.  ..And for a while I did moderate. I maintained.  I was able to drink some wine with my wife.  I was able to have a beer at dinner.  And of course my tolerance grew. But I was definitely in control. I totally beat this addiction for 2.5 YEARS!  I can stop any time I want to.  But really why would I?  I'm having "fun"!  Parties were awesome again. People liked having me over.  No moderation here.  How many beers do we have left?  Should we get more?  I'll just take a swig out of that wine bottle when nobody is looking.  Got to keep up that high! ..I would wake up feeling pretty horrible of course. I would think  oh crap who did I piss off last night?   I should probably just have one beer to make this pain go away.  I mean it's the weekend. It's not like I have to go to work today.  And the cycle would continue and continue.  ..I of course saw this starting to become a problem again.  And so I thought maybe I should cut back?  Maybe only drink on Friday and Saturday.  That way the rest of the days are sober living and I can "control" this again .    The problem being I would make up for all of those sober days on the 2 allowable drinking days tenfold.  CHUG CHUG CHUG Wooo-hooooo!. Vomit.  ..Last night was the final straw.  I drank too much (again).  My wife finally called me out on it.  She's a very sweet and kind person and so when she asks "How much have you had to drink tonight?"  That felt like the worst accusation I could hear from her.  I admitted it. I admitted I had too much I admitted it's a problem again.  I admitted that I have no control over it.  Then I ran to the bathroom and threw up (again).  I laid on the bathroom floor ashamed.  Truly ashamed and embarrassed.  ..When I came out of the bathroom we had "the talk .  She was upset. Scared for me. But mostly pissed that I would let this happen again.  She yelled that I shouldn't be getting shit-faced when we have a daughter together.  What would happen if there was an emergency and I couldn't help our child?  Oh god that hit me. I have NEVER wanted to be the drunk dad.  Even if I am the funniest and goofiest dad ever it's fake.  It's all fake when I'm drunk.  ..So we BOTH decided to stop drinking together.  She understood how hard it was for me to watch her drink when I was sober. So she's willing to help me with this. I don't deserve her but I am truly grateful to have her in my life...So I as of today I am ready to go back to sobriety. To find that happiness and joy again. To be healthy and go hiking and feel great in the morning.  I am looking forward to many cups of coffee but more importantly I am looking forward to being a good dad and husband again.  And donuts.  I do love donuts.  ..Well this was my (very true) story. It was a lot longer than I expected. Thanks for reading.  ..Stay sober my friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back I'm glad you're here!..I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for posting. I'm sorry you had to go through this but it is extremely helpful for me to read stories like this.
Wow thank you so much for sharing.  ..It is truly the honesty of people like you sharing your relapses after long periods of sobriety that have helped me tremendously to never think I could ever have a drink again...&gt; How many beers do we have left? Should we get more? I'll just take a swig out of that wine bottle when nobody is looking. Got to keep up that high!..Reading things like this bring me back to a place I was and never want to be again.  ..Thank you and good luck!!!
&gt;I don't deserve her but I am truly grateful to have her in my life...I feel the same about my husband.  So glad you're here so grateful you would share your story with us.  It's just such an honor to be in the company of so many brave and tenacious people.  
&gt; It's all fake when I'm drunk...That hits me hard. None of my bubbly personality interest in others fun-having party-time me was real when drunk and people knew it and got fed up with it. I couldn't just have a few beers and call them up to see how their lives were going or finally be an active animated member of my family and have them believe a single goddamn word of it. They just stopped believing it because when my bender was over I was gone until the next!..Your wife sounds lovely it's great to have a supportive SO in this process and has complicated things enormously for me when I have not in the past. Gratitude and the expression of it to that supportive SO is huge in recovering from the guilt and shame in my experience...I'm so glad you're back. It helped me to read this.
It's really helpful to read these. I see myself sliding back into the old habits just as easily as you describe. It's really quite frightening and gives me a little anxiety reading which is probably a good thing. 
Thank you. Your story is identical to what has happened to me when I stayed sober for a period of time. 
Thank you for sharing this. You have done an amazing thing coming back to sobriety. You can do it!
Welcome - glad you're back with us :). You've done this before and you'll do it again. It takes a lot of courage to share this so I appreciate it and thank you for the reminder. 
Thank you for sharing. Keep it up. 
&gt;So we BOTH decided to stop drinking together. She understood how hard it was for me to watch her drink when I was sober. So she's willing to help me with this. I don't deserve her but I am truly grateful to have her in my life...I am very jealous of this. Not for now current GF very supportive but one of the reasons my marriage failed (one not only) was my drinking...I felt very resentful of my wife harping on me constantly for my drinking. We eventually went to marriage counseling. We addressed a lot of issues but drinking was for sure up there...Finally I decided. We could quit together. We were both martial artists so we could say we quit to focus on training. ..I proposed it to our marriage counselor. He thought it was a fantastic idea...My wife refused...She said that since she didn't have the problem (and to be fair she doesn't. She drank 1/10th what I did if that) it wasn't fair she gave up something she liked...Her refusal led to two things: me saying "fuck it" about my drinking and us ceasing marriage counseling. I wasn't going to go get a therapist's opinion but not follow through AND PAY HIM FOR THAT...It wasn't what lead to the divorce but it was a pretty big nail in the coffin...I'm glad you aren't going through the same thing..
Isn't it amazing how people who alcoholics can so easily give up drinking like your wife? Like if you asked me to give up green beans. I like them but I'd hardly miss them. Good luck and welcome back!
Thanks for sharing. I heard that you can get off the elevator at any stop--you don't have to ride it all the way to the bottom. I know that I didn't want to either. I have a kind caring wife. I felt like my social life suffered too. But I had the same exact experience you did with relapse. We are not alone and we share the same malady...I decided that I needed to make friends who really cared about my sobriety and encouraged me to work through life's problems with steps instead of alcohol. This was a big step for me because I had many reservations about AA but I like it now. I met many people just like me...What are you doing this time that is different?
Thank you all so much for the support and kind words!  When I was sober I would read every post here and it would give me so much motivation to stay sober.  But I started to think I had it all beat and stopped reading so much.  But I'm definitely back.  Love you all. 
Thank you for sharing your story. It rings true with me. I don't want to be that mom but truth is I am. I just hide it from the public eye. But I know I don't moderate well and that being sober is the way o have to go
Thank you for this my friend. You have helped more than you will ever know.
Thankyou for posting. Thanks for recognising how important sober dads are! You're doing yourself your family and everyone a wonderful thing. And you know you can get back there. We all have slip ups you can fix this and you know what to do :) May everything be right in the world soon for you! 
You helped me a lot by sharing your experience and I suspect some others as well.  Thank you.  Best wishes in getting right back on track ASAP.
Welcome back.  Relapse is hard but many of us here have had lonnnng sober stretches (me 10 years) then jumped into the circus ring again.  For me being able to look back on both my period of sobriety *and* my relapse (and the pattern of how my drinking evolved within my relapse) is key to my understanding much better how to stay sober now.  I won't drink with you today.
I'm at the point where sobriety feels like prison. No social life. Nobody wants a sober chick around! I'm starting to question whether or not it's worth it. I really don't like my life right now. I'm scared to drink again because I know what will happen! But I'm scared I will be stuck in this friendless isolated crappy life if I don't. Not drinking today! That's getting me through the days for now. 
Thank you for writing your story.  I finally found sobriety over six months ago and I am loving it.  I have a wife and two daughters been married 23 years.  I stopped drinking after engaging in high risk behavior (Drunk driving but never caught) and being verbally ugly to my wife.  I was truly ashamed.  Before I stopped drinking I thought being sober would suck because I couldn't hang out with my buddies.  I was wrong....the people I drank with weren't friends just other drunks who liked drunk company.  I found the only people that really matter are my family and they became the best support system I could ask for.  I enjoy my life now and people can always depend on me.  I am making up for lost time by being present for my family 24/7 and I love it.  Welcome back and stay strong for your family.
[removed]
Thanks for sharing and welcome back to the wagon! 
Thank you so much for posting.  It was that lie that "I can control my drinking" that has caused many relapses over the years.  Deep down we all know we can't!  ..I am so glad that your wife is not going to drink because when someone has a glass or two on TV or at a dinner I really stare at the glass.  It's embarrassing how focussed I become and can't even hear the story or what people are talking about...So it's dry people and dry places for me.  Good to have you back on SD.  We'll support you.
Awesome story.
I needed to read this tonight. Thank you.
Thank you for sharing your story. It's a great reminder of why I must remain vigilant as any future drink will lead me back to the patterns I had previously and I don't want that...I'm also grateful I have a wife who rarely drinks and never in the house. So far I've taken that for granted but your post highlights how I probably couldn't have sat watching someone else drink whilst trying to get sober...I will not drink with you today.
its truly amazing how spouses come out with such support in so many cases here.when my husband said I will not hesitate one second to stop drinking altogether if that means we can both stay sober I did not understand how cool he was about it. neither your wife nor my husband have to do that but they are such wonderful people for offering it. If we switch places I may not be so kind. ..thanks for sharing your story here stay strong and stay sober. 
