-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4v61l2/relapsing_after_significant_time_sober_how_do_you/

I mean everyday sober is significant and this is so very important to keep in mind but I was coming to a year and decided to drink. My star had an 11 in it!.I went back to read old posts and one year ago today I pledged not to drink at my son's 23rd birthday. Well here he is 24 and I'm not going to drink again..I am having trouble getting past the disappointment in myself. 
----------immediate responses--------

I must admit my goal is 1 year. I'm not sure what I'm going to do when I get there. Everyone is expecting me to pick up the bottle on Jan 1 2017. I'm feeling your disappointment. Hang in there. 
Those sober days aren't waisted. That almost a year that you can remember and that mean something instead of a year ruined by booze. Focus on that positive achievement rather than the bump in the road and get back on track. You've done well don't let disappointment trick you into throwing that away. Hope this helps! 
Disappointment in yourself only leads to bad places. You should be proud of yourself for a long period of sobriety! And you can learn a lot of things from your slip up. Now get back on the horse and keep going. You can do it. 
I have a very close friend who is a master teacher. He began taking guitar lessons recently and left his first lesson saying he felt like like a two year old - humiliated by being in the position of not knowing anything of being a beginner - I asked 'why? we all need to be reminded aren't you growing everyday?' I personally find it easier to be the question asker rather than the one who is supposed to know all the answers!  Don't be disappointed be thankful everyday is a new day - you'll learn something from this! Show your son how to get back up after a fall. 
Lack of self-esteem after a relapse?  Do "esteem-able" actions.  That's what I did when I came back in 2009--I got active in recovery I shared my thoughts about my relapse with others and I didn't shy away from sharing my pain.  
Often we are co-addicted to beating ourselves up in fact I would hazard to guess it (low self esteem) could even be a core of the black hole inside us we were trying to fill with booze drugs whatever else.....This is what recovery is all about stopping drinking is really just the first step (AA or not).  Learning to love ourselves appropriately - to become comfortable in our own skin is the goal...   ..Relax. You are on the right path but what are you going to do differently this time...
For me if I focused too much on the shame I would end up on a spiral that led me back to drinking. I had to work on letting go of the disappointment in myself and focus on the now. Therapy really helped with this.
All good. At least you know you can do it. You're strong as fuck. Don't worry about it. You'll.Feel great in no time .
Here is a somewhat silly video- that inspires me nonetheless.  The end message is profound.  ..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mbp0DugfCA ..
I think the important thing to focus on here isn't the relapse but rather the events leading up to it and how you've been managing your life after it...Length of sobriety can be something to be proud of but quality of sobriety is way more important. 
But you're HERE.  Regardless of the disappointment you're not letting it stop you.  I'm proud of you for coming back.  ..How about focusing on the fact that you did have 11 months those are still there with you you haven't started all over with no resources or wisdom.  You now have greater self-knowledge to work with increasing your chances of staying sober this time around.
Yes your star had an 11 in it - I'd be so damn proud of that!! And now you're here with us cheering you on. I'm proud to be sharing this journey with you and admire you for that 11 and for being here :).
I had trouble with those very same feelings when I relapsed. I have had to change my perspective. I look at my collective sober time since I first tried to stop drinking which was back in June 2013(So by rights I should have 3 years now). I have had a few relapses along the way but my sober time outweighs my drinking time in this period. ..I had to grab the positives that's the only way I got through it...No one can take away the knowledge that you have accrued these past months. I'm with you and I am not drinking today. Stay strong friend. 
Someone posted an analogy a while back that our struggle for sobriety is like a mountain climb. Every day sober is further up that mountain. A relapse doesn't roll you back to the bottom though. A relapse is a stumble that sends us back a bit but when we're ready to climb again we still have all that positive experience from before too. We're climbing again after a fall - not starting all over again. I hope that helps. It helped me when I relapsed. Hang in there and welcome back.
I quit for a year and a couple months. Then I decided to drink. Drank for about a year and half. Now I'm going for sobriety hopefully forever...I think my relapse REALLY helped me understand my relationship with alcohol. It was a lot easier to get sober and stay sober this time around and if I start to think I can drink again after a year I can say "well nope tried that already!" ..I didn't really beat myself up about it. Just taking it from here. I still don't have all my shit together but at least I can know for sure that alcohol isn't going to be part of the picture. :)
After a recent relapse I expressed my shame and devastation to my father. His words helped me greatly and I hope they do the same for you: .."In all things choose valor and ways and intentions that are noble. Be free from the grief. I leave you with the words of Rumi ... Become the prey of God and be freed from grief. Enter your own being hurt holds you captive. Know your life throws a veil over your path. Linger with yourself and you'll grow exhausted. I wept my life away and learned that tears are prayers all stumbling dancing to the drum of these suns sound of extreme love." 
The numbers game can mess with my head. On the one hand it makes perfect sense to aspire for streaks of perfection and it provides a little motivational train to ride throughout the first few years of sobriety. It's a thing to look fwd to as time passes and I can make measurements and reflect on the improvements in my life. Counting days can also be a way to compare myself compete fit in fuel my perfection complex and act as a complete distraction from the matter at hand. This is: My self boundaries must not budge or loosen around booze. My compass needs to stay pointed at 0 drinks from every day forward because it is dangerous for me to drink. Alcohol makes my life so much worse and I'm freshly reminded of this. Source: somebody who was sober 4.5 years 3 in AA and decided to leave the community. I have a whole drawer full of chips which mean little compared to waking up in day 10 with integrity and a lucid brain and a body that isn't ailing. .I hope that helps. There is obviously enough strength within you to remove this poison from your life as you've already done so once. And you're doing well too want it all back. And you shall get it all back with lots of precious sober time in between. 
[removed]
This keeps me up at night sometimes. I'm so happy you came back so fast. I fear that if I fall off I won't be back for years.
[removed]
It's one small slip up. You have a lot more sober life to live. Think of the big picture. In a year you'll have another year. You got this. Just get back up and get it done.
You think of all the good non-using days you didn't relapse and you focus on starting back on the sober path and getting right back up on the horse. There's really no reason to blame yourself a relapse is only a failure if you don't learn anything from it. What were the triggers? Did you follow your relapse prevention plan? Did you call someone? etc.
It's helped me maintain a positive attitude by immersing myself with sober stuff. Sober people on social media sober Ted talks sober meetings books about sober being awesome AF etc. etc. SOBER SOBER SOBER. If you are filling your head with this stuff there's no more room for guilt and shame. 
I was reading the book summary of a woman who quit something like heroin and she said she tried to quit a thousand times because one time it finally stuck. People can quit in different ways. You can close the door and never look back you can quit several times and have the last one stick or you can quit a thousand times and have the last one stick. You are back on that horse!
