-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4v9swb/its_hard_to_find_support/

I applied for my SD badge today and I took the initiative to seek help in my community. I live in a 90k town and I'm a correctional officer. I was referred to the local mental health and substance abuse centre in town by a walk-in clinic doctor. I don't have a family doctor because those are few and far between in my town..I called the number that he presented me in hopes to set myself up with a counsellor to talk to about my problems with alcohol and personal issues from family and my current job. I was told I had to go in personally to set up an appointment. I didn't want to go not because I was scared I want help. I didn't want to go because at this mental health and substance abuse centre is where former clients of mine tend go as well(usually court mandated). I arrive at the office and was told to fill out a form to talk to someone I'm already anxious because I don't want to see someone I know. As I'm waiting for the counsellor to talk to me I recognize a former inmate enter the clinic foyer. At this point I'm regretting coming in. I finally get to meet with someone and he starts telling me that all counselling and substance abuse support is in a group format. For me that's out of the question including AA. I understand that these group meetings are supposed to be private and confidential but I don't want to spill my feelings out and insecurities and personal problems to former and almost guaranteed future clients of mine. Once these guys get into their reds and I'm in my blue uniform there is no privacy they will use information on me for their own gain against me. I explained this to the counsellor and he literally told me that I'm between a rock an a hard place and that I will have to seek out support in the private sector. He said that there are sessions available (he thinks)  10-12 sessions at about 120 a pop. I thanked him and told him I will just do my best to be strong...There are more variables as well my family drinks a lot my friends and co-workers drink a lot. So at this point you people at SD and my own inner strength is what I have to rely on. I will still seek support but it will take awhile I just need to concentrate on not relapsing. .That being said what I read on this subreddit helps and I know that I'm not alone..Thanks guys here's to day 6. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry that you're having so much trouble finding help. Having said that I'm only using this sub and doing lots of reading to help me quit...SMART Recovery offers online meetings. I'm on mobile so I don't know if this is the correct link but it should point you in the right direction...http://www.smartrecovery.org/community/forum.php..Congrats on your 6 Days!.
How about online and driving to another town?
I have heard that churches sometimes have lay and clergy resources for one-on-one.  Also do you know anyone who got sober who you can call and talk to?  Fortunately there are many resources on line.  Best wishes to you for finding a successful path.
I'll start by saying I have such admiration for what you do for a living. Wow - I can't even imagine what you go through every day let alone personal or family issues on top of that. Kudos to you for that :). Thank you...It outright sucks that you're actively seeking help and having such difficulty getting it; I hope you'll consider the recommendation by u/cyclefreaksix. If you ever need to vent talk whatever please login here. There will always be someone 24/7 to chat with - we're in the same boat and chances are we have been through this or we know someone that has. So try to hang in there stay strong and keep posting. I'd love to see your progress :).
i have very close friends that are COs and i can understand your dilemma. ..i only recently started going to AA and have some similar fears as you *what if i am recognized by clients that i work with?*..that is what i started out on this sub. in fact this community has been a huge help to me. i also see a therapist who specializes in addiction recovery and uses CBT and EMDR to help me on my road to full sobriety. ..best wishes on your journey friend i look forward to reading your progress and congratulations on day 6...keep sobering on :)
see if you have any resources available to you at work.  As I understand it mental and substance abuse issue are not uncommon among COs (kind of a stressful job).  I don't know if they actually provide support though.  ..Are there any nearby towns you could go to or could you afford to go to a therapist? Maybe your healthcare can cover it?  Are you unionized?  If so you may want to seek advice from them.  They may have something for you.
Way to go on 6 days! I think that inner strength and this community are two excellent tools. You never have to be alone there's always someone online to give you a friendly nudge and encouragement. :) Keep at it!
