-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vb522/nicotine_relapse_heades_caution/

I quit smoking two years ago. It was easy in the end allthough i was a heavy smoker. About a week ago I relapsed. One cig at first then three and now its 9.30 in the morning and i have three down allready. That was easy too. .So now not drinking comes easy allthough I was a heavy drinker of many years. .Lesson learnt? Relapse is easy too so keep up your guard!.And now I have to go through nicotine withdrawal all over again. ..I will though. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah this is something that makes me cautious as well.  I didn't quit nicotine but I did fully move over to vaping a few years ago.  I got really enthusiastic about it and got to the point where I honestly and truly preferred it to smoking...I even kept cigarettes in the house just to prove to myself how much I didn't need them.  And I smoked one a month to remind myself how little I liked them compared to vaping.  Which became one a week.  Which became one after getting back from work.  Then another before going to bed and another in the morning before work.  Soon I was smoking normally at home and only vaping at work which lead to the odd smoke at work and finally putting the vape away and back where I was when I started...I'm determined I'm not going to go that route with the drink!
I hear you. Two years is nothing when it comes to nicotine. But its great you did two years. That is an important step. That stuff took me literally 5 to 10 years to get out of my head. I used to chew and smoke tobacco. I would do 1 year relapse... 1 year relapse etc. And finally I got sick of relapsing. Those two years will definitely help you...Here's another good reason to quit nicotine:..[Nicotine use increases compulsive alcohol consumption](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/04/150414211929.htm)
I had some disbelief when people talked about drinking relapses quickly taking them right back to where they were before they stopped and beyond but my own experiences quitting smoking proved to me this possibility.
Drinking sucked. Smoking; that uber sucked. Good luck with the quitting again. I hope it's smooth.
