-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vbudl/different_kind_of_drinking_dream/

I was on a business trip almost two months ago and had an interesting dream I wanted to share with you guys. I planned to save this for my one year post but I'm in a pretty good mood this morning and figured I'd go ahead and share today...In this dream I was visiting my brother and his wife at their home. I can't remember the situation that led to this but I found myself with a nasty open wound on that was bleeding pretty badly. I could also feel that an organ on the left side of my abdomen had become detached or loose and was barely hanging on from breaking free completely. I seek out my brother and his wife to try to get some help and as I'm trying to explain what's going on I notice that they're looking at me like I'm insane. I start trying to show them my arm and it turns out that what I thought was a seeping wound is actually a little scratch that isn't bleeding at all. I start patting myself looking for the loose organ and notice that is has now become fully detached and has fallen down into my leg. I shake my pant leg and it turns out that my back pocket had somehow become detached and falls to the ground. I laugh with them about the situation and take a walk with my brother where we talk about our lives careers and futures...I rolled my eyes just typing that last sentence out because it sounds like such happy bullshit but I swear I wrote these notes about immediately after I woke up. Anyway I took some time that morning to think about the dream and what it might mean. I think I've always had a little bit of "self-sabotage" in me and I think the situation in my dream was my subconscious trying to show me that things are still just as fucked up as they always were. In the dream I handled it in a way that I never would have a year ago: I talked to my family and realized that the situation was not as dire as I had made it in my own mind. I still rarely talk to my brother or my parents outside of birthdays and holidays in reality. At times I have a strong desire to reach out more frequently and strengthen those bonds but another part of me is still comfortable having that buffer and wants to feel that independence...I'm not currently active in AA and haven't been in over a year but I am familiar with what they call "The Promises" and one of those was stuck in my mind that morning: "We will intuitively know how to handle situations which used to baffle us." In the dream after talking to my brother (an intuitive rational approach to what was happening to me) I realized that the chaotic situation I thought I was in was really nothing at all and that the actual situation was something that was much more manageable. Even in the real world as I woke up I found myself in a hotel room in a foreign country on a business trip by myself. On that day I had very little planned in terms of meetings and actual work I had to get done. The hypothetical business trip was one that I never thought I could get through sober. In the past I would have found a bar nearby that looked welcoming and probably would have spent the afternoon getting wasted and bullshitting with strangers. What I actually did was spent the morning walking around town and hiking up a hill to a local landmark to catch a fantastic view of the city. I rode around in cabs to a few other sites I wanted to check out visited an art/natural history museum and then grabbed a quick lunch on the way back to the hotel to prepare for project meetings the next day...I still have a lot of work to do on myself and I struggle non-stop with getting out of my own head and living in the moment. At least with sobriety I've gained confidence in myself to know that I can get through each day one-by-one without having to drink and that this allows me the clarity to make those small improvements over time.
----------immediate responses--------

