-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vc1e3/is_it_a_relapse_if_you_didnt_get_drunk/

I had 23 days I drank on Thursday at a festival. I drank in moderation I remember all the DJ's sets names of people I talked to I didn't have a hangover--I had three glasses of wine and two beers over 6 hours or so. I turned down an offer of a shot at the festival and turned down all drinks at the post-party. I haven't drunk since I left the festival at 9 pm on Thurs. Do I need to reset my badge?
----------immediate responses--------

I think resetting is a personal choice. For me personally I see my number as how many days I've abstained from alcohol completely. I am being 100 percent honest with myself this time around to stay vigilant about my sobriety because it is the single most important thing that I need to do in order to have a stable life. So if I have even one drink I feel it necessary to reset ...That being said your goals and views may be different and that's okay too. I think it all comes down to each individual. Either way I'm not drinking with you today! :)
Someone posted the other day comparing a similar question (I think it was on non-alcoholic beer) to a vegetarian. Some eat eggs some do not. Some have fish some do not. It's all in your perception of your choice and the great part is you won't be judged either way! 
This is definitely a personal matter. I've gone back and forth wondering if I would reset or not. For me I think if I had a few and nothing bad happened I remembered everything didn't have a hangover and was able to drink in moderation without the "itch" of more I would probably let it slide. If I picked up again soon after I would reset. It can be a slippery slope. I've read so many posts where people did just this (had a few and were totally fine) but then a couple weeks later it becomes "well Friday's are okay"... "Friday and Saturday is fine because I don't work"..."a few during the week to relax is okay as long as I go to work and keep my priorities straight"... then just like that they're binge drinking to mask the pain again. Like I said it's personal but just be careful if you choose not to reset.
My fear would be that it would lead me to think I'd got it licked and that I could drink in moderation and then I'd do it again with slightly less gap and then maybe let myself get properly drunk one Friday and then etc. etc.  I did exactly that with smoking so I know what I'm like.  I'd probably reset just to make a point to myself but maybe I'd hold off and only reset if I went further down that road.  Whichever I thought would motify me better I guess.
I would reset mine if I were you having five drinks in one day doesn't sound like sobriety to me...If you start to think it's ok to drink multiple drinks a day without breaking "your record" you may forget what your goals were starting out.
Yes. 
The "336 Days" on My badge is the number of *Consecutive* Days I've gone without drinking alcohol.  I'm very proud of that number by the way...If my goal was "moderation" and drinking but not getting drunk I wouldn't have a badge in the first place.  While a badge is yours to do what you want if it were me I'd reset; if for no other reason than the integrity behind the number.
If it were me I would reset.
I disagree that it's a personal matter. Either the badge means something or it doesn't. The sub is called stop drinking. ..Now I'm not advocating there be a badge police but the question was asked - it's a relapse and it's a reset. If you are looking for words like moderation then you aren't using words like relapse so I disagree with the 'to each his own goals' concept here. ..By the way relapses often won't be as intense because your tolerance is lower and you get a high from less alcohol. If your goal was to stop drinking then you absolutely did suffer a setback aka relapse here and need to own up to it. Good luck
This comes up now and again around here...The counter is a tool. How you use that tool is up to you. That number means what you want it to mean...If you're lying to yourself to keep a number you'll know better. If it's a process that really works for you you'll know that too...Your recovery is your business no one else's...For me I'd have to reset or I'd be "moderating" my way through a 12 pack every night. That's just me though.
I would say that moderation is everyones goal but the success rate seems really low ( I would have a lot of knowledge on this subject) so it would be up to you. If your goal is to drink and with no hangovers blackouts or other related issues than mission accomplished! A drink an hour sounds like moderation to me but that is coming from someone who at times had 5 drinks in an hour. This is about you and no one else. ..Whatever your goal is I hope that you get there....
no participation trophies here..you gotta want it and you gotta work extra hard for it.   
Well lol when you put it that way u/ranf_thrower it sure doesn't! I will reset--makes sense to keep the number's integrity as someone downthread mentioned. 
