-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vgel8/i_had_struggled_through_one_day_of_withdrawals/

Constantly anxious and nauseous I want this over what is your experience in getting through this?..I know people talk about tapering so maybe I softened the fall?  Was drinking 10-12 shots of liquor was sober Friday drank 6 shots yesterday..Ultimately I know only time will tell but would love some support. ..I finally reset the badge on my main account and will be posting there later today..Thanks 
----------immediate responses--------

Well yeah drinking is pretty much a step backwards in overcoming withdrawals but can be seen as a step forward in the overall recovery process...I'm a bit of an unusual case meaning that people generally "get it" quicker than I do. I went to rehab where they provide a medical detox that is far less painful and uncomfortable. Unfortunately by the time I finally got sober for the last time I had burned through all the insurance and the opportunities for nice "recovery hotels" as I used to call them and ended up at a county detox where there were no nurses and no medications to ease the withdrawals. It was cold-turkey for a day or two then I got assigned chores like vacuuming and sweeping the kitchen...Looking back knowing what I know now the way to absolutely minimize the pain and discomfort is that once I started to cross that bridge from a life of drinking to the land of sobriety that I would keep walking forward no matter what even if I was sometimes crawling because if I didn't do that and instead turned around then the full length of the bridge would just still be waiting for me. I could not a find any shortcuts to the land of sobriety without going across that bridge. For ever step I took backwards that would just add one more step I would have to take forward to get there...Looking back I feel like I made it about as hard on myself as was humanly possible. I would get as far as 90% of the way across that bridge and go and turn-around! What was I thinking?! Yet it is much harder to do than to say. I needed others. At first I ignored them. I was going to prove that I could walk across that bridge by myself just the way I was brought up to be self-reliant and solve my own problems but after many many attempts I relented. I let people help me and I made it across. Who cares if I couldn't do it myself. I almost think that those that can aren't an alcoholic/addict at the level I was. Not that I'm special--I'm not. I just went pretty far down the rabbit hole before I finally came out. ..Now I look at things differently. There are still plenty of situations in life that I can solve on my own but this was not one of them. I've come to see the help of others not as a weakness but as a huge advantage and one that I've applied to other areas of my life as well with some modicum of success...These feelings are temporary and will pass if you can plow through them to the other side. Sometimes it might feel like an eternity but that was just my brain making bargains with the "devil". These feelings are actually signs of progress so keep going--you can do it!!
You might want to consult with a doctor or a clinic they may ease it some make it safer too.
I second what /u/Slipacre said about talking to a doctor. Alcohol is physically addictive and when you have been drinking important amount of booze every single day for an extended period of time (as I had) it can be very painful and even hazardous to your health to quit cold turkey (as I did)...In my experience the horrible part of withdrawal lasted 6 days. After that the more acute withdrawal symptoms disappeared and I was left with the effects of what long-term alcohol use did to my body and brain chemistry. Now I'm trusting I'll recover in time. It's not all fun but it's a walk in the park compared to the withdrawal.
If you are physically dependant on alcohol and can't or won't go to a doctor for benzos tapering off might be one option.  ..If you cut your daily intake in half you're doing pretty good.  If you need to drink these next few days don't be ashamed to do just that just make sure you don't increase your intake...For me cold turkey hasn't been an option for a long time and detoxing with booze or benzos is the only way for me to get safely off the sauce...A successful taper or a detox with benzos should only   last two or three days before your past the danger zone of 72ish hours.
