-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vgg11/i_relapsed_3_weeks_ago_and_i_want_to_tell_you/

I resolved to stop drinking in March of 2015. I thought about all the things that were important to me and I decided to draw strength from them and stop. I set rules for myself; no alcohol in the house no going to places where alcohol would be no going out late at night. And it worked. I was able to stay completely sober through these rules and the strength of will I possess. But recently I started to break my rules. I'd go to bars I'd go to clubs; but it was ok because I was strong and I wouldn't drink. ..Until last 4th of July. I went to a beach bonfire that I had partially organised. And I saw everyone drinking around me and I figured "Hey everyone else is happy. Why not me? I have been sober so long. I can have a few. Right?" And then I drank till I blacked out...Initially I was disappointed in myself but then I played it off. I mean one black out in almost 2 years? It happens right? No. I'm an idiot...Here are all the ways I went wrong. I knew there was alcohol and temptation at that beach. And I still went. Stupid. I knew I was tempted when I got there. And I stayed. Stupid. I should have known better. [Best way to avoid punch. Not be there.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nel9hgv54e0) ..Because that is the problem of using just your willpower. No matter how strong you are there will come a point when your brain will burn out. And you'll be tired. And you'll break...It's easy to not drink when you are feeling strong. What you actually need to do during recovery is practice for the days when you won't. So don't go into the path of temptation. And if you find yourself there leave. If you're weak reach out for help. Because you don't need to be strong. You just need help when you are weak. ..Edit: Whoops I got the soberiety date wrong I stopped in March 2015 not 2016.
----------immediate responses--------

I really like what u said about willpower...the brain does tire out it's part of a flawed human system. I try to prepare myself beyond using just willpower cuz I learned from my first attempt it took more than that. But it can get confusing--am I preparing myself right? Where am I weak? Thank u for writing what can help others. And welcome back...Did u mean March 2015 for when u got sober? Cuz it said two years. Xoxo
Thank you for sharing this. I like the idea that we need to prepare ourselves for the days when we aren't feeling strong. That makes so much sense to me. In response to a question about feeling frustrated and ashamed about not being able to sustain good habits (and likewise avoid bad ones) a Buddhist teacher said "The healing is in the return." The important part of stopping drinking I think is the ability to be resilient after failure. The fact that you can communicate the lesson you learned is so valuable for the rest of us. 
Thank you for sharing this.  I feel so strong in my resolve now but you're absolutely right thinking it's mastered and I've got this is a trap.  Staying vigilant and not drinking with you today.  
[deleted]
