-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vilc5/cleaning_house_in_more_ways_than_one/

My spouse and I are packing and cleaning our place to sell it in order to move into a new place that has a much larger yard for the dogs and a lot more space for us. It's exciting and overwhelming at the same time...While cleaning I was thinking about how this is a fresh start for both of us. There are some pretty terrible memories in this house thanks to my alcoholism. And I'm excited to start a new. New house New Life. I'm not running away however. I'm working on my stuff through therapy and I find it really helpful. Even though it's really hard work...This is also an opportunity to go through all of our stuff and get rid of anything that was part of my substance abuse. We have found two vodka bottle so far one empty and one with liquid. Both were tossed. It's also an opportunity to get rid of my pot supplies like bongs because for me pot numbs my feelings and makes me really anxious. I used pot in early sobriety from alcohol and I don't regret that. It was a stepping stone. But I don't want any of that in my life anymore...You'll probably hear a lot from me raving about New Beginnings. It's very exciting but I need to take my sobriety still one day at a time. I need to work my recovery through healing my past and managing my emotions in productive ways...Two years ago I never would have believed I would be here. Life was a living hell. I was fully and completely physically and psychologically addicted to alcohol. I believe I still am an addict that is but I don't use because using will destroy everything I have struggled to build...If you are on day one or coming back after relapsees I've been there. It's f****** hard. But it's worth it.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck and every blessing on this move ddc!
&gt;I was fully and completely physically and psychologically addicted to alcohol...This was me too. Isn't it unbelievable how much life can change? Enjoy your new digs. It will be so exciting to witness your new beginning..
Good luck and congratulations Dee Dee! I think most of us could use a good clean out now and again (I know I definitely could.) 
I'm so happy for you in so many ways!!
Good post!  Congratulations on the move.  Keep us posted!
This sounds so exciting for you!! Moving into a new place can bring such good energy. I'm cheering you on!
Exciting!! Good things come to those who work for it.  
