-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vj0ly/rehab_tomorrow/

I'm a 28 year old man and I've been struggling for a long time. Lost every job I've ever had lost almost all of my friends and am flat broke and in debt. I've been to 4 detoxes tons of meetings outpatient care the works. The longest I've had sober is 4 months. I relapsed one night after work after a huge craving and I've been off and on for a month or two. I've seen a therapist who thinks I'm bipolar. My insurance sends me to clinics that won't let me see a psychiatrist unless I see their counselor 4/5 times beforehand. In the meantime i feel like I am mentally drowning from this realization that I'm bipolar and I'll have it for the rest of my life. I always knew I wasn't totally normal but having a name for it and understanding that it's not something I'll ever outgrow has been difficult to wrap my head around. ..Most recently I drank for 4 days straight last week and got violently sick that morning. So bad that I went to the doctors and he thankfully gave me some Ativan to calm down. I still think I may have done some internal organ damage from the years of abuse. I don't know. ..My parents are amazing and have offered to send me to a rehab for 28 days as it's the one thing we haven't tried yet. It will cost a bit of money which I feel guilty about. But they agree that I can't go on this way. And with my health it might not be my choice soon. ..I'm freaked out about being away on lockdown for a solid month as 5 days in detox always had me crawling the walls to get out. ..Thanks for listening to my vent. SD community has been here for me so thank you for that. Any advice from people who have been through similar dual diagnosis would be appreciated. ..I will not drink with you today...Update: So I thought I'd be going either tonight or tomorrow but it turns out they won't have a bed available until the 11th. I am on their waiting list however and have a bag packed ready to go at a moments notice. AA tonight and everyday until I get the call. Thanks for the advice everyone. 
----------immediate responses--------

90 days would be better. I had to go away for 108 days and a halfway house. I had to get away from enablers and friends that wanted me to wallow in misery with them. I had to HONESTLY work my program. Which meant I had.to get involved and not sit in the back and "listen". Just listening will get.you drunk. I had to come to grips with the fact that I would die if I didn't change for good. I would embrace the 28 days and tell the truth no matter.how bad it felt or how embarrassing it can be. That's what I finally did and it changed my life. 
It is fortunate that you have the opportunity to go to rehab. I was lucky in that respect too. It was one of my best decisions. I was so grateful to be in a safe place where I could learn about myself and how to recovery from alcoholism. ..Listen. Learn. Laugh. Follow rules. Hang with people who want to get well. Read. Comply with discharge recommendations. ..That's what I did and I have been sober ever since. I wish you all the best. 
Don't worry about the bipolar until the drinking is sorted that's my best advice.  Alcohol use and withdrawal (acute and post-acute) both mimic mental illness due to your brain's impairment in functioning.  I've been told it takes a minimum of 90 days sober to begin to see what is what in terms of mental illness assuming you didn't have these symptoms or this diagnosis before the addiction took hold...Best of luck in rehab.  Seems totally reasonable to escalate your efforts if you haven't been successful so far.
I recently completed inpatient rehab and I'm very glad I decided to do it. Sit toward the front and be receptive to what they offer. For me even though you're essentially removed from regular society and all your trusty electronics it felt like a very rewarding vacation.
Good luck...I too am heading to rehab tomorrow after a week long blackout and being dropped off at the ER..Last night was the end of my 72 hour detox and I'm trying to get into a 30 day program tomorrow morning..
I went to inpatient treatment in 2009. I was really apprehensive about it but when I got there everyone was very welcoming staff and clients. It was nice to be surrounded by about 20 other people who were going through or had been through the same things I was. I made friends quickly being around other addicts 24/7. After getting done with 35 days of rehab I went to aftercare once a week for 2 years. It was one of the best decisions of my life. I was diagnosed with bipolar about a year and a half ago. I got on medication that really help evening out my moods.
