-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vk0lu/i_need_help_please/

I went 46 days without drinking back in March. 22 days into my sobriety I got a 2nd job at IHOP. During my time there I met and befriended the hostess. We've since become good friends. When we first met I told her that I didn't drink because at the time I didn't but after the 46 days I relapsed and I've been drinking more than ever. I thought that this relationship would go nowhere but even with all the secret drinking it's been going really good! We went to the observatory last night and had an amazing time. After I dropped her off around 11 I went home and drank a bottle of vodka. I'm just now waking up have work 10pm-6am and feel like shit. If I want this relationship to last I need to stop drinking. Any advice would be greatly appreciated 
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't do it alone. Professional help got me started on the road to recovery. There's help if you want it. 
Is the reason you want to stop so you can save the relationship?  I was not able to stop drinking for other people including my (ex)wife.  I had to focus on saving myself before I could create and maintain meaningful relationships with others.
I needed honesty to get sober and support. I told my husband and my close friends the truth about how much I was drinking. ..I made a commitment here to post on SD daily for the first 90 days of sobriety for accountability and I pretty much did that (I missed a couple of days I think but mostly posted every day.) I also decided to go to an AA meeting every day for 90 days. I didn't hit one every single day but it was close. I wasn't crazy about the idea of going to AA but I knew that AA was readily available didn't require an appointment or insurance and it's basically free. Also people that I know IRL who got sober all went to AA in early sobriety even if they didn't ultimately commit to it. I figured that something I could roll up to still brain-dead with a hangover that had helped other people was probably worth a shot. And I was right. I'm not saying AA is the only way to get sober or that people don't get sober without it but it's a basically free resource that's available pretty much everywhere and in my personal experience it was really helpful in navigating early sobriety...I also got started with therapy. I didn't end up sticking with the first therapist I saw and it's been an ongoing process working on my underlying issues but even just working on that stuff a little bit really helped. Seeing a psychiatrist and being prescribed antidepressants was also really important for me (part of why I drank was to self-medicate for depression and I needed to address that.) ..Good luck and keep us posted!
I always say honesty is best since you don't want to base a relationship on lies. Coming clean with her about your relapse sooner rather than later might be scary but it also might help keep you accountable. One of the worst things about this addiction business is the lying and secrets that it leads to.
I had to get to where I emotionally bought into quitting.  I finally got there when two things happened to me:. 1) I failed enough to realize that moderation wouldn't work for me 2) I got to the point where the stuff I liked about drinking was finally not worth the costs. ..After that it's been about tactics to not slip up and to deal with the withdrawal symptoms and stupid excuses to go back.  ..I'd say to go to a meeting or see a therapist.  Really think about why you drink what you get out of it and what the consequences have been.  I needed to have the argument pre-worked out so when the stupid idea to drink came back I couldn't convince myself it would be OK.  
Can you look back on your relapse and work out what caused it? Knowing that would help you recognize when that threat reappears (and it will). This will allow you to come up with a plan of action to effectively deal with it...Glad you're here friend! I will not drink with you today!
