-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vmyxe/well_i_finally_told_my_wife_that_i_stopped/

I can't blame her. Not one bit. We've been down this road before so she has no reason to believe me. ..I've been away for work for two weeks and then the day that I got home she had to leave for the funeral of her grandmother for a week. So she hasn't had to witness the struggle...But still it stung a little bit.
----------immediate responses--------

My loved one was the same way but has completely backed off now that I've shown her through how I'm living that I'm serious...Read this quote yesterday: "What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say." (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Mine didn't laugh but I'm not sure she believed me...And that was all on me...Keep on keepin' on and everything will be fine. You and she can look back and laugh about the fact that she laughed!
[deleted]
Words are never going to convince her but it sounds like you already know that...Just be careful not to overcompensate with the actions right off the bat. At least for me the temptation was totally there to go above and beyond for some of the ways I had acted in the past but as it turned out that was just a good way to give people expectations I couldn't make good on and to burn myself out by trying to be saint about everything...It's totally fair that it stung but once she starts seeing the difference she'll come around...Congratulations on the 20 days!
I know my husband didn't believe me for a minute and it didn't matter to me anyway. My words meant nothing and I knew that. Today is better on my anniversary this day--30 years of marriage with a lot of alcohol under the bridge and much work to be done on myself and the marriage. I feel human again and I can hold my head up regardless of what may or may not be expressed by my family. But I understand the sting.
No laughs from the wife here but plenty of skeptical looks and later comments of "That's what you said last time or after the time you drove our son while you were drunk". That stung.... and rightfully so. I get it.
[removed]
Yeah I had to remind myself that it's my burden alone...My wife basically gave me an ultimatum then did nothing to help.  Either I quit or she'd leave and take the kids; I couldn't do that.  Then she still made plans with our hard-drinking friends never believed that I could struggle with not drinking ('you can just go and not drink -- what's the problem?) etc.  I'll be honest it pissed me off to no end for a while...BUT -- no one ever really understands what it's like to have a drinking problem.  They really don't get why I can't stop.  So I don't know why I expect they could sympathize.  Also how many times did I downplay it just so I could keep drinking (e.g. "What's the big deal?  So we all got drunk who cares?)  Either way I sympathize with you.
Things take time you know it I know it. :) trust is a wall that takes years to build and seconds to destroy. Doesn't really seem fair. But she'll see in time. You got this. 
Don't worry about it.  My girlfriend gave me a similar response when I told her I was quitting for good.  I don't blame her.  It was probably the fourth time she's heard that.  Just focus on not drinking with me today and I'll focus on not drinking with you.  Hang in there.  You can do this. 
I wouldn't ever say the words "not drinking" to her again in your lifetime. At 1 year I'd say "one year" just offhandedly to her and never say another word. You are gonna get there. :)
My SO was angry at me. We can't expect them to have a good reaction when they lived with our shit for so long...
Actions speak louder than words...It took a while for me to tell my wife I'd stopped drinking. I suspect she probably thinks I'll start again at some point. ..Who knows she maybe right. Forever is a long time...What I do know is that I won't drink today (and probably not tomorrow either)...
Ouch. But good for you!..My husband filed for divorce while I was in detox. I'm guessing he didn't believe me either :)
