-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vppzb/no_longer_in_denial/

I will try to make this as concise yet thorough as possible. I also want to thank anyone who is taking the time to read about my relationship with alcohol. ..I feel motivated to write this post now as I've attended my first AA meeting a few days ago (on Saturday). I left thinking that it would probably be my last because I assured myself that I'm not in fact an alcoholic like the other people in the room. I told myself that I'm not as fucked up as the rest of them at the meeting. Yet while I was sitting in the meeting and listening to stories about drinking I found myself craving a drink badly. This can't be normal right?..I made it a whole 24-hours before I had my next drink. I bargained with myself and made the compromise that I would only drink once a week and I would only have 2-3 drinks. Admittedly this is basically what I'm doing now but my once a week drinking has routinely turned into 10+ hour benders. ..I know I should have stopped completely in May when my doctor told me something was irregular with my liver lab results. I was advised to stop drinking alcohol yet I didn't. I have been in denial for so long. Years of signs that I should stop--a previous DUI a plethora of embarrassing and hurtful intimate episodes (aka regretful sex) fights with my previous SO fights with friends and family missed work missed classes etc...yet here I am years later still struggling to come to terms with being an alcoholic...It's been hard to consider myself a true alcoholic I suppose because I truly am high functioning. Over the years I've gotten better at juggling my drinking life and the other aspects of who I am. Outwardly you would never know. I exercise at least 5 days a week while training for a marathon. I am typically always pulled together and am somewhat particular about my appearance. I have good relationships but I think this is in part because I'm getting good at hiding my drinking...With that I'm ready to stop. I've been so depressed and sad today that I drank yesterday. Drinking is no longer fun for me and this realization is definitely a turning point. I don't really have any questions at the moment but truly just wanted to get all of that off my chest. Thank you again for reading and I commend everyone on here for realizing their addiction and wanting to do something about it. ..PS--I've already found another meeting this coming Saturday that I am planning to attend.
----------immediate responses--------

It takes so much courage to be honest with yourself. For me I honestly feel like hopelessness is the beginning of the beginning. It's the realization that nothing will get better on its own. Taking responsibility for our actions can propel us towards more sane actions. I'm glad you found meetings and I hope you have supportive friends and family! This sub is great support as well.
Thank you for sharing your struggle. I used to be a very high functioning alcoholic as well. Great Career etc. Alcohol has a way of slowly taking those things away if one continues down that road. It is great that you are seeing all those things within yourself. You can do this! 
I'm always wanting to learn. How do you recognize a "true alcoholic"?
It's so very hard to admit that. I'm happy you have already been to an AA meeting and are here :). For me I finally accepted the problem and then stumbled through years of failed attempts to stop until very recently I finally admitted I couldn't do this alone. And now I'm here. We can do it!
I went to a meeting everyday for the first 4 years of sobriety. Once a week wouldn't have worked. I was a high functioning drunk as well. I didn't change until I got honest with everyone including myself. I was in denial for awhile and had the same thoughts about the meetings starting out. The more I went and listened the more I cracked the shell of denial. Once I got the nerve up to share at the meetings and didn't lie for the first time in my life I finally started making progress. 
I relate to the "high functioning" alcoholic in you.. I managed to get a second master's degree get certified as a Zumba instructor get a new job (big promotion) new house in a nicer neighborhood..  I thought will all that going on how could I be "just a drunk?"  I think that stigma... being "a drunk" keeps functional alcoholics away from getting help.  I mean if I can do all this I can manage my alcohol intake right?  I'm finding now that so much of that extra stuff I was doing was a way to try to control everything else while denying what really was spiraling out of control...  .My bright side of this whole thing is... wow if I can manage to accomplish these things while blacking out half of the days of the week imagine how much I can do now that I'm sober.  The best days of our lives are ahead!  Not drinking with you today.  
[removed]
