-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vv542/conversation_with_my_dad/

I had a conversation with my Dad on Sunday.  Here is how it went..."You want a beer?"..I said "Nah..." while shaking my head...Then my Dad asked "You quit drinking?"..And I said "Yeah.".."Cold turkey?".."Uh huh"  I said...He asked "How long?".."Awhile."  That's all I said..."I can tell you look good.".."Thanks!"  and that was it...He is the third person I have told.  I keep my sobriety private because I could not/cannot stand the people going around bragging about how big of addicts they were and how they are better than everyone else because of how sober they now are.  I know a lot of people like this.  ..I could tell that he was proud of me even though he didn't come out and say it.  Today though I am struggling bad.  I feel like going out and getting trashed.  I've had a rough 24 hours with my baby mama.  And on top of it I found out that I'm probably not going to able to go to school this fall because I didn't clear my background check...Here is my plan... listen to Kanye West really loud.  Laundry.  Lots of laundry.  Get a pack of cigarettes and some medicine (I'm sick on top of everything) I know the cigarettes aren't going to help with the sickness but it will help with the not drinking.  Dinner... a salad?  Not sure yet.  Some ice cream latter tonight.  Youtube videos some meditation and then bed time.  I've got six more hours until bed and today I will not drink because I want to get that six star!
----------immediate responses--------

And I will gladly not drink with you. We've got six more hours. We can hang tough for six more hours!
I'll hang out clean the house etc and not drink with you. 
I wanted to avoid ice cream tonight but solidarity   ..Congrats on making positive changes. I know it had to feel fucking awesome when you saw your dad's pride. I live for that these days. I'll gladly jam Yeezy and not drink with you today.
When I told my parents it was a similar thing. "That's really good scottydog2". I'll also add that for me those days between 160 and 180 the sobriety odometer turned extra slow in anticipation of the 6 star. Sounds like some tough stuff going on. I've got laundry spinning now but no Kanye. Just my laptop and r/sd while my wife (longtime teetotaler) is out with her girlfriends. Wish you the best. 
Love this; I can just imagine how proud I'd be right now if you were one of my kids...I wonder if you think that the two things (the praise from your father and the craving) might be related somehow.  I know that I can really turn around and shoot myself in the foot on the heels of a feel-good personal achievement.  Especially if it's a public/semi-public sort of thing.  It's some sort of self-loathing self-sabotage mechanism at work I think.
maybe call and talk to your dad.  
