-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4vvekv/i_won_the_first_battle/

I'm going to bed sober. It feels so good :)...I had a rough day: I was still feeling shame about my drunk behavior from last weekend and some things at work left me feeling sad....When I came home all I wanted to do was to drink a couple of beers and instantly feel better..I seriously wanted to postpone all this "not drinking thing". But I had made a promise to myself and I was really sick of disappointing me. ...I wrote in my journal. I started by letting my addicted voice do the talking:  you weren't that bad. Remember all the good times you had with alcohol? Remember the taste? Remember how relaxed it makes you feel? It will make all this bad feeling go away   hey ok you have problem but you can always stop next time. You are really feeling like shit now is not a god time to make such a commitment" etc etc....Then although I didn't feel like it I started writing the reasons I should not have a drink:  If you want to feel better not drinking is the right thing to do. You'll sleep better wake up feeling fresh and your self-esteem will improve   Hang tight just for today go to bed sober   If you drink today things will get even harder. You'll be reinforcing the constant relapse cycle and who knows when you'll stop for good   stop trying to postpone this. There will never be a good time to stop. Now is the time  you have to take the hard road but that's the road that leads to growing and become the person you want to be   Do you really want to go through all the shit you've done while drunk? That's what gonna happen (or worse) if you drink today   It's only been 2 days and you are already having this much of an argument with yourself. Sure you don't have a problem?    You made two promises to yourself: to not drink today and to not drink for a month. Do you really want to break this promises? How are you gonna feel after the regret kicks in? . I wrote a lot more than that. Sometimes just repeating myself. But I'm glad I did it. I also read the posts from today on SD and it helped a lot...So instead of drinking I went to dinner with a friend and told him about my decision to stop drinking for a month...Then I went home feeling peaceful. ..Thank you all for posting your stories and reading mine. This community his the most helpful resource I have to help me stay sober.
----------immediate responses--------

good job !
Thats awesome! 
Awesome post! Way to work through things!
