-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4w1pw2/anxiety_over_liver_health/

I've been waiting for MONTHS for my health insurance to be approved and in the interim have been very worried for my liver health. I'm already deep into medical debt and can't afford to just go to the doctor unless it's at the cheap clinic and they won't do ultrasounds. My labs have been okay but I know liver disease can be hard to determine with just labs...Since I first got sober in Januaru 2015 (relapsed a few  times after that) I've noticed my nails getting paper (a pale band above my lunula and below the white part you clip) both on my hands and my feet. I had pale stool for a while but that seems to have improved and sometimes I have pains over my liver. ..The guilt of what I've done to my body has been pretty overwhelming at times. I often wear nail polish to avoid obsessing until I can't be seen. ..Do you think at 27 after drinking a liter of liquor a day during binges (sporadically not every day. My longest bender/nightly alcohol habit was for 3.5 months in 2013) I could've done enough damage to cause all this? Or could it be coincidental?..The guilt and the worry over my health has done tons for keeping me sober. I don't want to die just as life is improving. And I don't  want to make any damage worse.
----------immediate responses--------

Let me preface this by saying I am in absolutely no way qualified to give any medical advice whatsoever. But I will give the following support:..If I were you I would see a physician whenever it becomes possible and discuss all of the issues you discussed here very honestly. ..I'm sorry you're feeling so poorly and wish you the best. 
I'm so sorry that you are struggling with this. I don't have enough knowledge medically to be of much use for your liver question. But I do know that the stress you're experiencing from your worrying isn't good for you. I know it's hard not to obsess about it. I think most of us here obsess over our damage and shame sometimes. ..Please know that you are making the right decisions now. You are respecting your body and yourself. Please don't let the shame and worry make you sicker. Hang in there until you can see a doctor. Stay strong. I'm here with you as are so many others!!
I'm 27 and drank 2 pints a day for... Idk at leas 9 months. Been drinking random amounts and frequencies since 17. My labs showed bad level but my ultrasound said nothing permanent! I freaked out horribly over the possibility of how much I damaged myself also. The only thing that helped me was going to the doctor and seeing my labs improve. Most of the "symptoms" I had were in my head  I mean they were real but I built them up much bigger than they were. My doctors ran my blood every so often and did one ultrasound.  Put me on potassium supplements and that was it. I'm in no way a medical professional and I do think seeing one will ease your mind until then try and focus on the positive changes since you stopped drinking. How's you energy level been? Activity level? Awareness of things going on around you? Sleep? Appetite? Interest in things?  Etc..   
