-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wb1lb/question_about_selfidentity/

Probably a question for some of you veteran SD'ers: When I was drinking it seemed like I spent a great deal of time and energy thinking about drinking and when my next opportunity to drink would be. Now that I am sober I spend a great deal of time and energy thinking about not drinking and focusing on myself as a "non-drinker." Do we ever reach a point where we no longer really need to think about drinking or not drinking but just live our lives? Or is the struggle always on-going?
----------immediate responses--------

I used to see myself as a recovering person. It was my whole identity. I don't regret or feel.embarased about that because it was obviously how things needed to be. ..Now I have many layers of personality and self. I got to this point by exploring avenues of sobriety like this subreddit and peer support initiatives that stress self discovery helping others help themselves and empowering your self...I feel like a whole person. The words I use to describe myself might include "recovering person" but they wouldn't be front and centre. 
My biggest focus now is in living my life living it with balance etc. However one of the foundations that allows this to happen is my continued abstinence and with so many years of faulty wiring I am still actively focused on recovery mostly though reading and participating on this subreddit.
I don't have a huge amount of time under my belt but it does get easier. In the beginning you are digging up your true-self and uncovering the layers drinking has buried. For me as time went on and making that vow everyday. I became content with my life and being clear headed is the best part. There will be days you'll feel unstoppable and days you feel "blah". Don't worry that is completely normal for everyone even non-addicts...Once you get more sober time clocked in. The thoughts of (not)drinking are less prevalent but you have to stay vigilant.  It's an on going battle but eventually you tame the beast and get to know it's nature. Build your armory to fight him when he shows his face and all will be good. You will find your balance good luck!..
For me the answers to your questions are yes and yes. It can be easy because I just think "I don't drink. It's not negotiable." But cravings and thoughts do creep in. Then I think how every time those craving feelings hit that later on 'future me' is ALWAYS glad I didn't.
