-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4weziv/well_hello/

Hi everyone. I've been lurking on this sub for a while now as I've definitely been struggling with alcohol. TLDR is that my family story isn't great I'm the daughter of two addicts and whilst I managed to get out early and not succumb to drugs I seem to have supplemented that with alcohol. ..I've managed to put myself through school built a great career but it's time for me to admit that my drinking has become an embarrassment I'm an embarrassment and I'm ashamed of what I've done what I'm doing. I got married a few months ago and I really did think that once I was "settled" the drinking would calm down a bit. It hasn't. ..I'm still working I'm doing well at my job my husband loves me but I'm fucking falling apart. Last week I got so drunk on a Wednesday night that I slept till nearly 11am - my work was frantic woke up to 15 missed calls as I'm normally so reliable they were concerned something had happened to me on the way to work. Awful. I cannot describe how terrible I felt making that call to tell them I was ok. Lied and said I'd had a stomach bug. I hate fucking lying. ..Today my husband left to go out with his mates and if I can be honest I couldn't wait till he left so I could start drinking again. I isolate myself then get maudlin when I'm drunk and alone and I have to stop this somehow. I feel so low. ..Thanks for listening. I'm hoping by commenting and getting involved in this sub I'm going to start seeing a way through. I can't go on like this and I seriously know I'm at risk of losing it all. ....
----------immediate responses--------

A couple years ago I could start to see the foundation of my life starting to crack but I ignored everything. Almost three weeks ago I got called out at work for smelling of booze. That pushed me into action; I sought out a counselor I began participating on /r/SD again and I started making daily pledges to myself that I wouldn't drink. I've had to come up with things to occupy my time; I have always enjoyed learning things so I focus on that now. It's amazing how much more I can remember when my brain isn't enveloped in a haze of booze. I haven't made it out of the fog into the clarity that many people talk about but it seems that visibility has increased. ..Good luck to you and I hope that you can do the things you hope to do. I had to quit digging a deeper bottom and open up to people this time around. I don't want to fail like I have before.
Help to stop drinking is all around us right now.  We don't have to live like that any more.  Best wishes to you for reaching out and asking for help before your consequences get much worse.  Watch the support flow in here on SD.
I guess I'm so disappointed in myself that I've seen my family throw away everything they had due to their addictions and I worked so hard to have a better life I really did. And now for what? That I'm an alcoholic? Jesus...honestly I cannot describe how much I hate myself for this.  
Well the alcohol *wants* you to hate yourself.  Alcohol will use that against me so I keep drinking...It's not a signal of failure to succumb to this insidious Condition.  For me my failure would be not choosing something different after the acknowledgment...People get sober here all the time.  ..We're here for you!  Ready to do it?..Just for to day I don't drink with you.
Hi and welcome! You don't have to feel like this anymore. By coming here to SD you're on the right path. There are plenty of resources in the sidebar and you can even grab a badge (there's a link) so your flair will indicate your days sober. Many of us have read "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace and found it extremely helpful so you may want to check that out (free on the sidebar also). ..SD was a life saver for me; I came to post / vent / reply / chat..I knew that I could come here 24/7 and always communicate with someone that has been where I am or knows somebody that has. We're accepting we don't judge and we're thrilled to be able to help our fellow sobernauts. ..So welcome aboard! Come hang out here more often! Glad to be sharing this journey with you :).
