-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wgbi0/want_to_share_long_post/

so  i'm not recovered. and i don't think i'll ever be. ..In February of 2016 I reached a point in my sobriety where i just felt awful. every little thing was getting to me - and i'd obsess over the bad things in life confrontations why someone was a jerk to me. I was becoming filled with shame and guilt again...I think I reverted back to that dry-drunk victim frame of mine. I did not relapse - but in retrospect i think it is this type of thinking that leads to a relapse. ..I noted that I was thinking about alcohol more. I kept telling people how "I really wanted a drink." As if alcohol would fix my mind and make everything better. That alone made me feel more guilt that I am sober and yet I have these thoughts...I trudged on trying to put these thoughts out of my head...this continued into May and probably at the end of the month I had enough. I felt depressed and i felt I was agonizing all day every day. that was a breaking point. I was sick of feeling bad letting things bring me down...so I'm jotting down a few things I changed that helped me immensely. ..First of all I want to say that video games have always been a hobby of mine playing them thinking about them etc so collecting is a hobby of mine too. in june I invested myself in the collecting part of the hobby I really began to dedicate any down time to strategizing about it thinking about it planning on organizing my collection what I want to trade what I want to buy what i'd like to play next etc etc. So outside of work and spending time with friends and family I'm researching stuff on amazon reading about this and that. Just generally dedicating my thoughts to it. ..It excites me I enjoy it. ..up until then I wasn't really dedicating myself to a hobby. I was not dedicating my thoughts to a hobby. My thoughts were still in no man's land mulling over and agonizing over my past and my unstable mind...To supplement this I adopted a mindset that my thoughts are my biggest enemy. ..We are encouraged as children to Think Think Think. Think before you act. Use critical thinking. Etc etc etc. And my theory is that we as adults think TOO much. it's a bad habit. My thoughts are not important and only serve to bring me down. ..I become obsessive. I mull and overthink one thing to the point I get angry. And I have come to terms with the fact that I cannot change all of these things and so obsessing over them is unhealthy. ..It's as if I took my energy and habit of drinking alcohol and changed it over to Thinking. This is not good...So to reiterate my thoughts are no longer important. Now I should spend two to five minutes thinking over a subject and move on. When I make a decision I stick to it. I do not second guess myself. This has proved to be an excellent choice...I take a few minutes each day and practice what I call Quiet Mind. I observe my thoughts and let them go. Like waves in the ocean. One thought is no more important than another. ..And I feel I have overcome my Dry-Drunk state of mind. I am now more positive I feel more like myself. Surely there is a natural order of the process of sobriety and I've realized that it is SO long of a process and the healing takes a very long time. ..I drank for eleven years. It's taken me this long to understand myself. Socializing has been an obstacle for me and I've made quite a bit of progress...so i want to encourage each of you. maybe you're struggling maybe you're not - but the fact is sobriety is not a straight line we are going to experience tough weeks months where we want a drink. But there was a point where I said "Fuck this enough is enough I want to be happy and peaceful." ..And I have practiced good habits of thinking for the last two months and the results are remarkable. I think it's important to remember that we can train our brain to work more efficiently. It takes work and dedication but if you practice thinking positively it will become easier over time!..Another important fact: remember that people react to your actions as well as your reactions. So you literally have power over others if you have power over yourself. If you react negatively to someone else guess what?..There will likely be a negative reaction from them...But if you react pro-actively you will probably receive a positive reaction from the other person. If you keep this in mind you can really sculpt and mold your day to be -awesome.- You just have to react to others in a way the is helpful to both you AND that person. Remember that that's important. It's like you have a tiny little bit of control over the future and how people interact with you...And i encourage each of you to keep your minds clean with positive thoughts and give your brain tasks throughout the day! Become enthralled in something that excites you. Something you are passionate about and can spend much of your downtime thinking about. Instead of worrying. ..I do hope what I've written helps some of you. Sobriety is a way of life not a goal - there is no end in sight. There is no point at which I'll be cured and life will be perfect. ..But the same goes for a life with alcohol. except as a sober individual I have an advantage in life. I can maintain my peaceful mind without interruption without being my own worst enemy. We all know addicts cause their own problems. ..
----------immediate responses--------

You and I have embraced a lot of the same things!  Learning that it's okay to acknowledge my thoughts but not give them credence has been huge for me.  I practice mindfulness meditation which is like your Quiet Mind thing...I've also been working on how I react to people but it's pretty hard for me.  I naturally don't react or under-react so then people don't react appropriately back to me and everybody loses out.  I have to force myself to react more expressively and I don't always have the energy for it.  It helps me to remember that it's *respectful* to be responsive and positive...Thanks for the post.  It's motivating.  I need to figure out the hobby part now.
Meeting last night was about how our thoughts don't matter our actions do. ..Someone shared: "three frogs are on a log one decides to jump. How many frogs are left?"
I read this thinking you were talking about relapsing. Completely happy and surprised with your advice. I think similar to you. ..I use to be all about hobbies before alcohol. Then as I became more depressed and supplemented that with alcohol and Marijuana my hobbies became hobbies in my head and I never actually did anything about it. I would be by myself for a weekend thinking oh great I have plenty of time to get to get so many hours into this game that I've been wanting to play. ..But first I'll have a drink then another and another. Then the entire day goes by and I never did one thing. I sat on my couch and fell asleep watching Netflix. Repeat that for a years and I realized I lost a lot of time. Even if it was time on a hobby it's lost...But now that I'm sober I actually am involved with my hobbies again. I'm studying again. That all leads to less guilt and shame for me...Still though I understand what you say about dry drunk. My drinking stemmed from not handling my emotions well and bottling it up. Instead of turning to the bottle I just think. ..I don't stew in my head but I think and I do whatever I am capable of at the moment to help myself. This includes sitting in a dark closet by myself asking myself a million questions and now reading others stories on /stopdrinking...I really liked your post. I was having a rough morning today it helped me. Just reading and responding to your post already got me off of my negative thoughts. I feel a little more calm...Congratulations on staying sober.
Great post! Thanks for the insight. 
&gt;I do hope what I've written helps some of you. Sobriety is a way of life not a goal - there is no end in sight. There is no point at which I'll be cured and life will be perfect. ..A very helpful post for me especially the part above. It's good to know this path I've chosen may not be straight or easy but my new way of life is loads better than drunken black outs and hangovers. Thank you so much for sharing!
This was a great post! Thank you for reminding me that I overthink things. Sometimes thoughts are just thoughts that don't require a lengthy time reviewing them.
great great post thanks for sharing this. I can relate all the way. Funny thing i took up gaming and found that there is a community still playing that old game from 1999. Brings a lot of good focus to have a good hobby in your life. Took up playing music as well did a few home recordings with a musician that helped me do this. The day i quitted drinking I rented out my house and lived in a caravan for 1 year before moving into a new house. To quit drinking took all I had in me and so much effort to succeed. Still fighting a lot of battles within myself but nothing will make me give up the fight. I wanna get back to the best I can be. There is so much in OP post that gives good insight and ideas to how its possible. Again thanks very much for posting.
