-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wh2uw/first_sober_day_alone/

Today is my first day completely alone since I decided to stop drinking. No work no SO no kids. Just me and nothing to do until I pick up my daughter from her dad's house tomorrow night. Add shark week to the emotional rollercoaster I'm already riding courtesy of PAWS and my mood swings are in overdrive...One moment I'm totally fine with the idea of two days alone. In fact the thought is kind of exciting. I can catch a movie or head to the skating rink (a rediscovered hobby I haven't had the chance to enjoy without kids to help around the rink). I can sit in my pjs all day reading watching movies and playing Guitar Hero. With no one to plan around I can do whatever I want. ..Then lizard brain kicks in with its excuses and justifications. No one would know if I went out to get a bottle of Captain and spent all day finishing it. I could get sake bombs with sushi or go to one of my old favorite watering holes and binge on booze and bar food. No one would know except for me the only person that cares about my sobriety. ..I cried off and on driving home from dropping my daughter off struggling to shove a gag down that stupid voice's throat. I'm not worthless I'm not terrible at everything I'm not doomed to failure. I don't need alcohol to be happy. ..That voice that loves to put me down did not go away when I quit drinking. It's quieter than it was when I drank and it doesn't come around as often but when it does come out it's kicking and screaming trying to make me feel bad enough that I'll surrender when lizard brain chimes in with thoughts of drinking away my self loathing...Luckily not drinking helps me recognize that voice for what it is my own insecurities and doubts coming to the surface. I can't make them go away with booze. I've had to learn how to deal with the thoughts instead of hiding them in the back of my mind with another rum and coke. So here I am drinking the last of my coffee and trying to decide what to do today. Instead of getting that bottle I came here where I know I'm not alone in my fight to say no to that first drink that will lead to too many more. ..Thank you for being here SD. You've been a huge part of my recovery and I can't say thank you enough to everyone who helps create this community of sobernauts. I'm happy to have you with me reminding me I'm not really alone today. No matter what I decide to do I know it won't include booze and here's to one more day of not drinking...(Edit for spelling on mobile)
----------immediate responses--------

Hang tight to your sobriety! It did not come easy...I will not drink with you today!
This is a chance to prove that you matter - that quitting was not entirely for other people but for you primarily. No one ELSE would know but you would know and you are the most important person in your life - you are the one who you spend every single minute with  so create a loving relationship there.  Be good to yourself  these couple days! 
You're never alone we're always here with you. I always stay cognizant of HALT and my key is really keeping busy. I must drive people crazy with the amount of time I'm on SD but I love it here; I'm safe and I'm supported. So yea - hang out in your PJ's play Guitar Hero have some ice cream..enjoy the tranquility of being with YOU. Good on you for posting like this I'm glad you came here first :). 
Your depiction of what that stupid voice says to you is harrowing. Well done on posting here instead of doing something that would only make you feel regret tomorrow. Like you say you are not alone in your fight. We are all here for you...When I am by myself and choosing not to drink even though no one would know I always think of the quote from John Wooden:  The true test of a man's character is what he does when no one is watching.  ..Going skating sounds like an excellent plan. Congratulations on your 47 days..
