-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wi8ts/day_one/

Hi Everyone. I just wanted to introduce myself here. I'm a mom whose drinking has gotten out of control. What started as happy hour play dates with friends around five years ago has led to me drinking alone. Every night. At first it was a few glasses of wine... now I'm up to a magnum...I've tried stopping a few times this year on my own but haven't made it past 3 days. I think part of that is that I'm lacking a community of others (anyone!) who is trying to quit drinking. My husband is supportive but he travels a lot so I'm alone... with my drinking buddies... and relapse in a few days. Hope I can offer some help to others and get support in return. ..Anyhow... thanks for reading. I'm a little scared but also happy to say that I will not be drinking tonight with you!
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Hello and welcome! I just started as well and didn't think I could make it past a few days let alone a payday Friday and now a Saturday night!..I'm excited you're here and will enjoy not drinking with you tonight!
Welcome! I'm glad you're joining us. I will not drink with you tonight.
I am glad you are here u/HabitualAlgorithm! There is a lot of great info in the sidebar  . ..Welcome to the fork in the road. There are many different paths to brokenness and there certainly is more than one to recovery.  
u/godhelpuifuraphoenix just posted something similar to this. Well in the sense your both new and both moms  it helps me a lot to find someone with things in common and check on each other... actually we became pin pals. Anyway welcome to SD! It's a great community there's a chat on the side bar that always has people in it if that seems like something that would help you too. I like it for when I'm having a really really rough moment and just to be social since I'm pretty much a hermit these days lol...High five for your first post!
Welcome! Glad that you are going to be sober with those of us on /stopdrinking tonight! You can do this!
Glad you're here.
Wow. Thanks to everyone who responded. I feel very welcomed.
