-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wii03/is_drinking_immoral_in_your_mind/

I've been thinking about this a lot lately. Whenever I play the tape forward to keep myself from drinking the thing that seems to stop me is how much I think I'll hate myself when I sober up. When I imagine the way I'll feel I equate it with how I'd feel if I'd done something knowingly hurtful or manipulative or just plain vicious to someone. What's weird to me is I never felt this way when drinking. I always knew alcohol was unhealthy and could lead to self- destruction but I never considered it "wrong". It was just a bad choice like eating a tub of ice cream in one sitting or going to McDonald's every night for dinner. ..I also find myself feeling smugly superior for not drinking which is especially dumb since I could relapse at any time. I just don't know where this attitude came from but I don't like it. It actually makes me worry about how I'll react to myself if I do relapse since I've built it up to be a horrible thing to do. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have an interesting comparison so I'll share it with you:..This summer I worked in the bush with a vegan. Just the two of us camping it out all summer so naturally I adopted her diet. It was just easier to cook meals together and I didn't want to bother with the hassle of cooking my meat on the side. Now I've always been a big meat eater. Like meat at every dinner every day. I thought being a vegan would be difficult but it really wasn't. I quite enjoyed it actually. However whenever we went into town to get groceries and I saw people buying meat I felt myself getting up on my high-horse and judging them. As if buying and eating meat was immoral or that I was better than them because I wasn't eating meat...It took me some time to realize that I was partly envious that they got to eat meat but also partly frustrated because watching them buy meat made me feel bad for myself for not being able to eat it. Those thoughts were not constructive or healthy so I did my best to purge them...Now I'm finding myself thinking the same thing when I see people walk into a liquor store or order a beer at a restaurant. I judge them as if them drinking is immoral. But really what is happening is our brains are being triggered by seeing people drinking. So we feel superior as if to justify our decision to not drink. We pity them because they're drinking their lives away. We project our own struggles onto them when in actuality they might not be struggling at all and they might be happily consuming their alcohol without the alcoholism...So to summarize I know exactly the feeling you're going through. Our brains aren't perfect and sometimes we've gotta stop and say "hey I don't like the way I'm thinking about this situation right now." ..Drinking isn't immoral. It's just not healthy for *us*.  
I'm a Buddhist and my teaching has been that it's very bad for us because it changes our perception. That obviously didn't keep me from becoming an alcoholic which is simply insane. That being said nothing anyone ever said made me think it was immoral. I am just not wired that way. For whatever reason I find judging others decisions very VERY difficult unless it directly affects me. This likely helped me to rationalize my addiction for a long time. ..Even today I don't think it's immoral. I think for ME it's a vile thing that I shouldn't do because it makes my life a big mess. I've actually wished I could be more judgmental about it because I think it would make it easier for me to hate it. I don't know if this makes any sense but it's how I feel!
I don't believe use of any drug is immoral in itself. Some things I did while under the influence were though.
our alcoholism makes us abandon our morals a little at time until we're doing the things we'd "never" do.
Alcohol is a known carcinogen for the past 30 years and causes many other health problems.  Any perceived benefits from drinking alcohol (even in moderation) have long since been debunked.  So is doing something that is only bad for me immoral?  Much like smoking cigarettes (perhaps less gross) I guess it depends on one's view about free will.  Are we free to kill ourselves in violation of the most basic human instinct or is this a moral violation.  Hard for me to see how it could be "good".
I've been taught that intoxication is immoral. 
