-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wkx31/approaching_one_month/

Around 20 to 30 days sober has usually been difficult for me and led to relapsing - thankfully during the last few months they've only been short ones. This is hugely thanks to this sub and all of your stories and input each and every one I've read (and I've read a lot during the past few days). However as this thing called recovery can be a very slippery slope and next week will be challenging at work I'll write down some of the positive things I've noticed during this summer - and try to stretch out possible scenarios where a relapse is more than possible:..I've lost 6 to 7 kilograms and to my surprise look almost as young (I'm 34) even though I haven't really paid that much attention to my eating habits and my excercise has been quite minimal..I dream again and remember my dreams. They aren't always pleasant though and sleep is still an issue but it's so much better than it was in Spring..I've realized that many of the things I used to like don't appeal to me at all anymore or at the moment. I've also found my long lost love for gaming and really listening and appreciating music. ..I always kinda knew I was a very sensitive person and used alcohol as a means to blend in to be like "normal" people. I don't think there are normal people anymore and I don't want to blend in anymore. I've also realized and am starting to accept that being sociable takes a very high toll for me and I need time to recharge after work etc. This is not a flaw but a personality trait...Everything smells and tastes 10x ...more. For better and for worse :D ..Things I need to avoid / take into account relapse-wise:..Dry people and dry places. I don't want to risk it even though I survived and at times enjoyed a music festival sober two weeks ago..Sleep and a steady rhythm. Coffee is off the table for now...This is not the right time for me to taper off my meds. I tried it for two days whilst on sick leave and got moderate cravings...My resolve to not drink is priority #1. If something is causing me stress I will make a conscious effort to find out what is happening in my thought processes. If that fails I'll avoid it until I have better tools for handling it...I will make an appointment for an addiction counselor next week...Last but not least I'll try to remember that not picking up that first drink is enough. I don't have to accomplish anything else...Take it easy and have a great week fellow sobernauts!
----------immediate responses--------

you're gonna look so good with that shiny star :)
Thanks for the post. I love these kinds of lists. The dreaming one is interesting.
Congratulations!! The only thing I really can't do is take coffee or tea off the table. Although I've slowed down a lot with the caffeine I got pretty obsessed with it in the very beginning. But hey I'll take coffee over wine any day now! :)
