-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wn73v/sober_best_man_experience/

Just finished a wedding where I was the best man for my best friend of 2 decades. Heavy drinking planned for everyone plus most of my closest friends who I hadn't seen for years (and had a huge drinking history with) were going to be there none of whom knew about my sobriety yet. Needless to say I was nervous as shit about how it would go...Surprisingly enough when I let them know I wouldn't be drinking they just didn't seem to care. It helped with the wedding that someone on the official party was clear headed enough to keep everyone on track and when it came time for me to give my toast I simply accepted a glass of sparkling cider from the guy who was pouring the champagne (a great feature to have). No one else knew what was in the glass and they were all too drunk to care by that point...On top of all that during the downtime I was able to catch up with my old friends and fill them in on details. They were overwhelmingly supportive of my past struggles and offered their support of me in the future. Plus I was clear headed enough to remember everything and able to wake up the next morning without feeling like death while everyone else filed in for breakfast holding their heads...I guess my main point is that even though I worried beforehand my sobriety had exactly zero negative impacts on everyone else. While this sub is full of many unfortunate stories of friends who couldn't accept or support friends who gave up drinking this weekend was a good reminder that the good ones will want what's best for you. And fuck all the others. They aren't worth your time and energy. Thanks for reading and stay sober everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

How wonderful that you got to take some time to share with them. I'm sure it strengthened your resolve even more! 
Outstanding! Great job. Each time I go through something like this and it goes well I feel more confident for the next time.
This is awesome.  I've got a sober groomsmen experience coming up in the fall and am already getting nervous about it.  
As a guy getting married in 3 weeks I still have to decide how to tell my groomsmen that I won't be drinking at the bachelor party. That should be fun.
I'm glad you shared your experience. My son is getting married in September. I'll be sure to arrange for sparkling cider. I was wondering what to do instead of champagne. Now I know. Thanks!
This is great for me to read. I've been having a really tough time with my drinking lately and an even tougher time making the decision not to drink. One of things that was worrying me was one of my best friends wedding next month. Its a destination wedding and we have all been looking forward to 'the party' for a long time...On one hand I've been worrying about actually drinking and ruining things somehow (this is happening more and more lately probably  more than I want to admit and honestly more than I even remember the next day) on the day fucking up again...On the other I've been thinking that if I dont drink everyone is going to notice and I'm somehow going to ruin everyones good time by being sober. ..Its nice to be able to read about your experience. Thank you...
Congrats on a great NDV! I'm sure your best friend and the entire wedding party appreciated your level and clear headed thinking...I love the idea of sparkling cider instead of champagne! It would be great if this was the offering at all such affairs and venues. Takes the stress / thinking / worrying / torture out of debating about champagne. What a great way to toast :).
