-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4woreq/struggling_a_bit_today_with_a_confession/

So I have a confession. 3 days ago I drank. I was invited out to be part of an amazing beachside sand sculpture contest by the government of a small town here in Korea and it was *amazing*. They paid for the transportation hotel food...and drinks. Drinking is HUGE in Korean culture and as such there were libations flowing freely and heavily with *everyone* imbibing. I told my friend I was trying to quit but it was so easy to justify...a once in a lifetime opportunity and I'd never really been involved in a drinking party here what better time than this...usually it's just me alone with my sadness and a bottle of soju. I had a terrible hangover in the morning but sweat out most of it while out on the beach. It was a lot of fun even though it really just proved that I really don't have a "stop" button and that I NEED to quit. I drank until I shuffled back to the hotel and passed out on my futon. I really weighed whether to reset my badge and felt a LOT of shame and guilt. I haven't had a drop of alcohol since that night even though last night would have been a typical situation where i'd go and buy several bottles to drink myself to sleep. I'm proud of myself for not consuming then but today with the afternoon looming ahead and me sitting at home by myself on the computer the temptation is STRONG. It would take hardly any effort to grab my wallet and shuffle over to the nearest convenience store. I already failed once and SO EARLY! Am I really cut out for quitting? Am I really such a failure that I deserve to drink myself to an early death or disability? My mother was an alcoholic and it has resulted in her being in an accident that left her with brain damage on top of all the lifelong damages of drinking... I'm processing a lot of emotions about my drinking habits now I suppose since making the commitment to quit. I decided against resetting my badge as this experience at the beach only strengthened my resolve to quit to continue on this journey and I feel like resetting the badge would just make me feel justified in saying "I'll just start later" and go grab that bottle that I'm thinking about.      ..Anyone else here choosing not to drink tonight? I could use some positivity. 
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you tonight!
Good on you for not letting this set you back. I will not drink with you tonight my friend. 
Hey mate well done for reinforcing your resolve. Get your head down sober on your pillow and have an awesome day tomorrow!
I won't  drink with you tonight. 
