-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wsr4g/really_just_want_some_support_and_encouragement/

So I've been really struggling with getting and staying sober. This past week was horrible for me and it really set me back as far as not drinking goes. Because of this I've been so depressed. I just started a new job and the day to day routine is so mundane that all I want to do is go home and drink to feel some sort of joy. Even though it's completely artificial and literally just makes everything worse. I feel like I've lost myself completely and don't even know what life is even about anymore :(. I just want to find happiness be sober and be able to process feelings like a normal  well adjusted person...I don't have really any support IRL considering most of my family are addicts. O don't want this life for myself I know somewhere deep down inside of me is a strong and motivated person! I want more from life than this existence I've been stuck in. Sorry for the rambling.. just would love to hear some advice. I read through all of you're posts daily and it helps a lot.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry it feels so hard right now. I felt hopeless every day and alcohol was a temporary escape that kept making the problem worse. ..It helped me to take a small step and then another. My first step was to call an alcohol/addiction counselor and make an appointment. My second step was to go to the appointment. A lot of little things added up including reading and posting here. ..It can seem overwhelming--stop drinking *forever?!*--but really all we have to figure out is how to not drink today. And then do whatever it takes not to drink today or in the next hour. Really simple but really hard. What would it take for you to do that? 
Glad you're here and Sorry for your Struggles...Something that really helped me get off to a good start was going to meetings.  Meeting new people who understood what the struggle was like and had experience in living sober...Have you tried that?
I will not drink with you today. You can do this. You can find another way to feel joy after work today I know it! What do you need to do to feel alive tonight? Go for a run? Go for a walk? Sometimes even going to a local store I like and roaming the aisles help. ..Best of luck to you and stay strong. &lt;3
Stopping drinking is important but for me it was only the first half. I had to find support and tools in my daily life to learn how to live without alcohol my previous "solution"..I am sorry you're feeling bad   
You don't have to do this alone! We are here to assist and I would also recommend reaching out for help through a support group in real life. I found AA to be extremely useful in helping me to have strategies and support for getting through the early days and then helping me to create a life that I don't need to escape to find joy. Welcome aboard! There is help and there is hope! 
&gt; I just want to find happiness be sober and be able to process feelings like a normal  well adjusted person...Oh me too.  I think we're in the right place.  I'm starting therapy soon.  I was strong and motivated before in my life but lost it through physical emotional financial and family troubles.  ..You know that the drinking 'happy' is artificial that's a good realization at least it was for me.  It's all good realization.  This is a remarkable post about the mundaness of drinking.  And the battle that some of us have to continue to fight even after stopping drinking.  I was hoping for some huge improvements by now but it's just the same stuff but choosing to deal with it sober.  Thanks for sharing I hope your week gets better. Find joy in small things and be compassionate with yourself.  I'm still learning this.  ..
