-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4wu6x1/what_a_life/

Long story short my mother passed away about three weeks ago. We had a strained relationship she died from alcoholism across the country. I relapsed hard began drinking daily harder than I ever had (which was ALOT) started barely sleeping barely eating and isolated. I went to a bar one night and woke up in a hospital with no shirt. Then checked myself out walked home still drunk and got more booze. My father and sister whom I'm very close with were horrified but not surprised. They were done with it. But I just kept drinking mostly just laying in bed doing nothing. Until Thursday comes and I decide to put an end to it. I stop. Cold turkey. But I feel horrible. Everything I eat or drink is coming back up. This isn't a normal hangover. I try to brush it off but I'm getting worse. My sister came over and we hung out for a bit I almost felt a bit better. Then it hit me. Horrible panic. I didn't know what was happening. I literally thought I was going to die. I was drenched in sweat yet cold to the touch. I was totally freaking out but could barely move. My sister insisted I'm having a panic attack but I truly thought I was dying. She drove me to the hospital and I told them the extent of my drinking. They put me in a hall to make sure I didn't have a seizure (which I thought for sure I would) and I.V.'d me benzos and saline because I was so unhealthy. There I was 23 years old laying in a hospital truly thinking that I'm about to die. Fast forward to today. I'm back at home having left the next day. I woke up panicking a few times but nothing like Thursday. I'm still anxious as hell and sleep is a major chore. I have to be up kinda early to go to an outpatient program. And I'm going to AA...Damn that was a long paragraph. Strangely enough I'm not craving alcohol like the other times I quit. This time I fear it. I know if I go back I'll die. I'm also hoping I didn't develop a panic disorder from my stupidity. Not sure quite exactly how I was gonna end this. I guess I just want those that are struggling to know you can always get better no matter what you've done. But you need to work everyday towards it. Fear your next relapse. It could be your last.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck. My most recent relapse led to me being in a hospital too. It really sucks but I hope you find help. I'm 36 and my drinking got worse. It is progressive and it will kill you. Not trying to lecture you and I'm only on day one myself. Get a badge and let's do this together!
I'm sorry for your loss. My dad died suddenly last year. Like your mom he was an alcoholic and we had a strained relationship. It still sucked. I'm glad you're here and I'll join you in not drinking today.
Thank you for sharing your story.  Life is certainly throwing a lot at you right now....One day at a time my friend.  We're with you.
