-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x0ma9/planning_my_relapse/

Skip to last paragraph for TL;DR..It's been a rough ride for me so far but since I started some meds I have been feeling more hopeful and having some nice days.  ..However I've been away from my job for more than a month now.  Treatment was life or death for me - either stop drinking or kill myself.  Fortunately I fell on the side of sobriety so here I am.  Unfortunately I was in the probationary period of the job.  So no pay during this time.  And the threat of job loss due to "unreliability."..The problem is that I waited until I had health insurance so I could go to detox and get mental healthcare.  I had no doctors whatsoever - no one who could take on completely the forms to certify me for leave. And now my treatment center is refusing to complete this crucial paperwork in order to demonstrate a continuous leave from the date I was actually out until the date I return to work.  So I am at risk for losing my job.  ..Tomorrow is my last attempt to have them follow through on this.  I have made it abundantly clear from my intake appointment to the present that I WILL lose my job that I'm worried about this paperwork and that I really need it done.  Apparently I'm the only one who feels a sense of urgency about this.  ..Of course not being paid for a month has rendered me and my husband unable to pay our rent.  We have five days to come up with more than a grand.  We've tapped out our resources already so I'll be spending some of tomorrow afternoon calling around to see if we can get any kind of assistance...I'm just so done with everything.  Everything is a struggle and it never ends...**TL;DR** I already have my relapse planned if things don't go my way with the treatment center and my leave of absence paperwork.  I'll skip my morning naltrexone and cross my fingers.  If they cannot do what is needed I will walk out of the treatment center.  I will find a bar down the street.  I will have a few drinks not too many.  I will call my recently acquired therapist to cancel our next appointment.  I will Uber home - because at that point fuck it what difference is the money going to make really?  I will order alcohol delivery.  I will drink until I can't feel feelings and then drink some more.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

I know that sounds incredibly tough right now. I was going through a lot of employment stuff getting sober as well and as many times as I wanted I knew that deep down drinking was never going to improve stuff for me in the short or long term. Hang in there those feelings always passed for me. 
Life is hard sometimes. You've got several things going on all at once by the seems of things. Thanks for coming here...It's important to ask good questions. .How will drinking until you can't feel feelings improve the situation you're in?..Will the extra money you spend on booze in the short (and presumably longer term too) help you financial situation?..If you're on the probation period for your job then it's clearly a new job for you. And if you can get one job... you can get another...Don't give up on yourself.
I have compassion for your struggles...Two things:  you wrote only a day or so ago "I'm worthy of the world".  You indeed ARE!  You've got a lot of success going.  This is hard presently.  Remember that 'no matter how bad a situation is alcohol will worsen it'.  I know things are tough.  They'll only be tougher with alcohol.  There are unintended and unanticipated consequences to things and we can't predict them.  As bad as things appear they CAN get worse.  You're making great progress.  Let this obstacle add to your climb and be above it.  Accept that which is not in your control.  ..Secondly if it was me I'd go to a meeting and share what you just wrote.  There will be people there who understand who have compassion and quite possibly might have some resources support and answers for you...Let us know how things progress.  I care.  We care.
Thanks guys.  I think writing about this here and in my journal helped me vent my spleen enough that I can stick to my plan to stay sober.  
I'm so sorry that you're struggling right now. I've been there. We lost our house. Lost our cars...Lost everything...I'm here to tell you that throwing myself into a bottle only made things worse. But you know that. Maybe instead of planning for a relapse you can plan on how you're not going to relapse. Maybe call your counselor and confirm that appointment...
