-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x159q/story_of_a_24_year_old_alcoholfree_guy/

I was a happy kid once. It occurs to me it was long back. About a year from now I was trying so hard to just kill myself. Depression can simply be so life-threatening. It was about time that I realised that. Even a simple problem can appear so huge. Normal everyday setbacks feel like catastrophes. Death feels like a lover yearning to consummate your newly formed relationship...It all started when my mother passed away. I never tried to feel the loss the pain because the sheer thought of feeling the pain was painful. It took me months to finally let go. It tore me off. Literally. I could never look at life the same way. Then something happened...I was at a party where I got drunk for the first time. I was 18 by then. It felt as if all that negativity had simply vanished. Before I realised I started drinking heavily. My grades started getting worse every semester. I was turning into an alcoholic and I was just 19. During these days I met someone. I liked her since the very first semester and it turned out that even she liked me back...Alcoholism was still a problem. I preferred staying back at my place and drinking rather than asking her out. Eventually we got together (thanks to her) but because of my alcoholism she left me for another guy. The whole thing ended in possibly the worst way it could have ever ended. The depression worsened and so did my drinking...The whole thing continued to the point where I was the only person from my batch who was this stuck. A friend of mine gave me a reality check and I started over...The first few weeks off alcohol were terrible. In fact I became suicidal to the extreme. I started smoking to deal with the extreme mood swings. It helped but I turned into a smoker. A light smoker though. Smoking not more than 2 cigarettes a day...After a year or so I'm alcohol-free now. Except I relapsed on my birthday. But that was the only occasion. Meditation practices have helped me deal with my depression. I still smoke but I'm sure I'll quit soon. Life isn't rosy but it isn't that bad either. Here's to life and to everyone who has ever dealt with depression...
----------immediate responses--------

This really resonates with me. Beautiful story! I've always struggled with depression ever since I was young. I lost my mother when I was 16. It's such a struggle to come to accept. Alcohol became my coping mechanism. But it's also been a major contributing factor of why I almost lost everything. Especially times when I just wanted to join her and been self destructive. But I like to feel that she is always watching over me. It's her that's kept me alive. I'm so glad that you have had people pull you up out of the hole of depression. It's nothing something that we can really do alone. Thank you for sharing this. Your story is an inspiration. Continue to put up a good fight my friend
just remember you are not alone.
Sober and 23 here! We have a long amazing life to look chase after out there!
