-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x1iyu/sometimes_bad_people_just_win_out/

I have been having some struggles at work that would have had me reaching for a glass or five of wine upon returning home. I am trying and have been trying to deal with a difficult person at work. I have tried to find the good in this person but then she will do or say something so mean spirited or detrimental to another person yet others accept this. I have voicef myself several times in opposition so we are on the outs. Now I think she is set for a promotion. I am remaining sober but this is so frustrating and not right.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you work out? When I started running I basically forgot about people like this. They would still be annoying in the moment but as soon as they were out of earshot their behavior left my brain *almost* never to return again. I'm remembering one such negative person right now since I'm on the topic. I have no emotional reaction to the memory and I'm sure that when I hit save I'll forget completely again...Working out is one of the few things that can "turn off" rumination even better than drinking. I think that's one reason I've been screwing up so much lately I can't seem to get myself into the habit.
Wow that's tough. Good for you though for staying strong and keeping yourself healthy!..Is this something maybe an HR person could help with? Especially if it's affecting not just you but many employees? :(..Whatever happens I'm sending you strength! :)
I try to keep in mind that drinking won't make her her promotion or her attitude go away. likely it'll just make dealing with her the next day even worse. :( I recommend running or some other kind of work out to relieve the frustration. whenever I feel trapped/overwhelmed/frustrated a good run helps to clear my mind. stay well my friend
I'm so glad you posted this! I am in a similar situation and know how you feel. It's comforting to hear it from another person...I've been throwing that energy in to my workouts. It helps a lot. And sometimes my brain has some fun with it like "Grrr he's not in great shape but you will be / are. Grrr.." And then pump some more iron :)
That just sucks. Whatever path they are on is going to have some rough patches eventually and she may not fair so well without having sowed some good will now. It's hard to leave those annoying interactions at work but I try very hard to remember that work is only one part of my life and not even the part that gives my life the most meaning. It's not worth drinking or even thinking about troublesome colleagues when I'm not on the clock. I hope it gets better for you. That does suck to see jerks "getting ahead."
For now. Give it time. I have work battles that would make your hair turn white just keep doing the right thing. 
Man this really hit the nail on the head for me. I'll be trying these tricks and not drinking right along with you. 
Just because I'm Sober doesn't mean that evil manipulative schemers all retired.  Many times they go on to become elected officials!
