-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x3f93/im_having_a_terrible_day_and_want_to_drink_to/

Hi all. I've been lurking here for a while and it's been incredibly helpful to read through the posts to see both other people feeling weak being strong the support and advice. I've been able to drink substantially less than even half a year ago and while difficult avoiding alcohol has had so many benefits. Unfortunately I also struggle with depression and some times it's easier to just get to the next day by getting drunk. It's an easy escape for me and helps push a lot of negative or persistent thoughts out for a while. I hate that I use alcohol as a temporary escape rather than deal with things in a healthy way but I do. It used to be a tool for me on a daily basis and with a lot of work I drink much less and much less frequently....Today I feel like I need it again. I slept poorly last night I had a horrible and stressful commute this morning I got drenched walking in to work because of torrential rain I have a lot of stress from work because I forgot something a little while back and it caught up to pile on to an already heavy workload. I like to go on reddit while I eat lunch and for some reason I looked at that thread in askreddit about the disturbing real footage. I don't know why I know these terrible things exist and I avoid them but I guess it was morbid curiosity to read the thread. I didn't really click any of the links reading through them was enough to disturb me. And I guess because of everything else it got to me more. Now on top of everything else that sucked today I'm also upset thinking about how awful things can be how so many evil and terrible people exist how so many random things can happen and destroy a life. It's a bad place for my mind to be and it just makes me sad and scared honestly. I still have the rest of my work day but all I can think about is how much I want to run out of here and buy hard alcohol to take me away from my active and anxious mind. I really want to get drunk and pass out move on to tomorrow purely because of how bad today is and how upset I am (unfortunately mostly from my own fault)....I know rationally that I really don't want to drink. I don't want to deal with feeling sick and ill all tomorrow. I don't want to potentially make bad choices. I don't want to throw away the rest of my day because I still have so much I need to do and other responsibilities. But I don't know what else to do and I don't like feeling like this. I'm hoping just posting this can be cathartic and help me deal with what I know is just a really bad day but I'm also scared I'll cave in and stop at the store. I just feel really overwhelmed....Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you. Yesterday (my birthday) I got a call from my doc telling me that all my biopsies came back positive. "Great" I thought now what? I guess it's too late to stop drinking to avoid getting cancer even though I did. I mean I kinda figured something like this was gonna happen as soon as I get my life together something was bound to tear it apart because I just can't catch a break. I feel like giving up throwing in the towel quitting my job and just getting smashed until I can't feel anything anymore. .I'm not going to do that though and at this point I don't really know why. It's so easy to justify it especially now. .What I do know is that when I look at myself from the outside I don't want to be that guy that wallows in self pity and drinks the pain away. That's a cheap and easy way out of dealing with problems in life and I am not cheap or easy. I am not a coward. I am stronger than anyone thinks including myself and I'm not giving in without a fight.
I can't think of anything bad (including feelings) in my life not made worse by adding alcohol.  
Hi there. I'm sorry to hear your day isn't going very well. Up until about a month ago I did the same as you - I used alcohol as a temporary escape and a means to put things on hold until I could get through the evening.  I won't lie cutting out that behavior.. it sucked a lot at first.  I was stuck in an abusive relationship and drinking was the only thing (or so I thought) that could help me.  But it does get easier and it does get better.  My brain calmed down a lot and I was able to think better and start confronting problems.  You don't need to take on everything at once; starting slow is totally okay.  ..That voice that's telling you you really don't want to drink?  Listen to it.  As someone who relapsed after a month recently that voice was in my head too.  All I could think of while I was doing it was how much I didn't want to be.  So why was I?  Fear anxiety coping.  But my body was trying to tell me that it wants other ways to cope now.  When my brain is overpoweringly active and I can't shut off maybe my body knows the best and simplest action that would benefit the most: not drinking...You're right that there are a lot of terrible things out in the world and personally I think that is very kind and generous of you to feel upset that they exist and show empathy for those suffering because of it. But right now I think it's ok to be a little "selfish" for lack of a better word because this is your time you are taking to heal.  Bad stuff in life will always exist; it's ok to use your energy for yourself for a few days to get better...I think it's possible to choose now to have a better day to not drink and to focus on the positive things around you.  We all have the power to choose not to poison yourself because of others.  Drinking is only going to hurt us in the end.  I hope things get better for you.  Internet hugs (if you want them).
Drinking would make this worse. When I have a tough day I distract myself keeping busy. It sounds like you've got a lot going on at work so maybe that will help in a way? I usually settle down in the evening get on to SD sip a warm cup of Sleepy Time tea throw on some tunes..wind down and try to sleep through the night. Things usually seem better the next day :).
I understand that feeling completely. I've been having a rough couple of weeks and I've had many days where I feel that desire to hide my head in the sand and/or run away. It's one of the main things that in the past would lead to me drinking. ..What's different now is that I know that drinking just isn't the answer for me. I know that drinking offers temporary relief with added costs of more anxiety more depression and more problems. I know that my feelings will change anyway without alcohol that I can ride through my rough patch and things will get better. I've started therapy which is one of the ways I have to get help and support. (Posting on SD is another great way too!) ..I also know that I can do other healthier things to deal with stress. I can take a walk outside talk to a friend exercise meditate or just chill out by watching a movie or reading. I know that it's okay to not think about my problems every waking hour - I can take time out to have fun and relax without alcohol. ..I also know now that it's okay that I'm still working on things. I still probably avoid stressful situations more than I should and I have room to grow in terms of working on healthy habits and thinking patterns. Getting sober didn't instantly solve all of my problems and it didn't instantly fix me. But that's okay - I'm a work in progress. I'm getting better at asking for help and dealing with life. It's been a slower process than I would have liked and it takes work and involves being uncomfortable some of the time but it's something I'm really really proud of and I've been able to do it because I'm not drinking.
