-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x7gzz/i_think_i_will_pick_up_my_6_month_chip_when_the/

I want that one. I never made it to six months before. Ever. In my entire life. I have gotten up to this many months I think before but not that far. I think I'm going to go check out AA again and just hopefully that will help my depression...I never felt one with the rooms nor am I sure i ever will since I never felt one with this world in general. I walk alone and always have. I hope one day to find someone to love but I am beginning to accept that may never happen. If worst comes to worst I'll relapse in my late 40s and die...Anyways I'm going to quit one of my jobs ease the work load and focus on my mental health. I'm going back to my therapist again and its helping a lot. I missed her. It might sound stupid but having a female opinion in my life is really valuable; ever since my mom was shipped halfway across the country I haven't had that. My mom was my best friend and my only true parent in my eyes and I seek female attention desperately I feel because of it. Yay for being a fucked up alcoholic!
----------immediate responses--------

Yay for being fucked up sober alcoholics!..I have never felt one with this world I have this feeling like I'm not supposed to be here. .I also never felt part of AA I did a 6.5 month sober streak with them. This time round is very different as I am doing AA I have thrown myself in to the program mindlessly. ..I have very bad depression and I cant control it without my meds I am better on my SSRI's than not. Have you considered that as an option? ..I get the female opinion on my life my mother passed away unfortunately but I have a GF and daughter who are just full of opinions. I'm glad you gave up on finding love in my experience that's when it finds you. ..Keep on keeping on get the 6m chip I wish you well. ..   ..
I think your plan of getting a chip and going back to see the therapist will be helpful. Also cutting back on work can be great for mental health. As long as you're not drinking one day at a time you're headed somewhere. ..I will not drink with you today.
Good job on the 148 days!  ..On depression: This is so common with our community. I suffered/suffer from it and found counseling to be very helpful. In fact I'd not have had the ability to start getting sober without starting to get a handle on the depression.  Get that downward spiral and turn it around. 
[removed]
