-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x7wsl/thinking_back_on_my_struggles_in_lieu_of_prison/

am on vacation so no prison meeting to report but as I am approaching a sober anniversary I have been thinking about what it was like...I have said in many comments I made getting sober harder than it had to be and while that is true it's also true that changing course meant dealing with a LOT of momentum...I went to my first AA meeting in Feb or early March did not manage to stay sober until  Sept 1 when I started my current run...in the posts on this sub I see exactly where I was my inner addict was talking to me making leaps of logic superman would be proud of.  I felt stupid and a failure every time I woke up with a hangover and realized that drinking once again did not work. I did not wake up in the life I thought I deserved.  I did not wake up with the promotion or the magically transformed wife. I did not wake up with improved self esteem or any of the other internal issues solved...The thing that saved me was **i did not give up - embarrassed or not i slunk back into the AA meetings and was hugged and accepted**..This was going to be longer but the others are ready to go kayaking...so I'll end with life gets better keep coming back to whatever road of recovery works for you -..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations.  I realize--having reset my badge last night--that despite your awesome number we still may have something in common and that is helpful to me.  Thanks.
If I woke today and with no preparation said I was going to run a marathon it would not turn out very good. This sober journey is similar...we have to take it day by day and make decisions on what we need to help support us. Taking care of me and having a plan works. It's what works for both my running and my sober journey. Having accountability helps too. For example this morning I committed to meeting a friend at 515am to run on my day off. I could have chose to sleep in and cancel but didn't because she was planning on me being there. My 'support' needed me to follow through. I am happy I did. When people ask how I do it I make sure they understand it didn't happen overnight. It took effort day by day.   ..On a different note have fun kayaking!!
Even on vacation you manage to leave us with something to ponder.  Have a great day Slip.
Got me thinking again. Thank you. Enjoy the paddle.
I think u/cdism offered a quote that resonated with me:.."If I'm persistent I will get it.  If I'm consistent I will keep it."..Your postings and examples comfort encourage and inspire.  Thanks for what you contribute!  ..Hope your vacation is great!..Just for today I don't drink with you.
I keep going too. 
