-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4x9wbq/todays_booze_brain_lie_i_cant_be_an_alcoholic/

So for about three weeks I've been constantly obsessing about alcohol visualizing relapse. Not to the point of a "burning desire" to drink but just missing alcohol. I would just over and over imagine myself doing shots of random liquor or even drinking straight from the bottle. It was torturous to not get my mind off of it. ..And then over the weekend I did some work on serenity & acceptance and felt a lot better. Consequently I haven't thought about alcohol in 4-5 days. The thought of liquor shots makes me feel sick now much like the thought of smoking a cigarette does. (I've been tobacco-free for 3 years this month - yay!!)..So of course my alcoholic brain takes this opportunity to say "Awesome!! You're not craving alcohol anymore! That means you're cured! Doesn't a beer sound good right now?!"..  ... Booze brain - can't you let me enjoy my lack of cravings in peace?! ..It's like it's telling me: "What? You haven't thought about drinking today? You're actually succeeding at being sober and independent? I can fix that."..Grr. So... Back to mindfulness and serenity work I go... 
----------immediate responses--------

You are doing great! Just keep focussing on that serenity and acceptance...acknowledge the booze brain thoughts for what they are (rationalizations) and let them go. "The secrets to change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old but on building the new."
Oh my God I know. It still happens to me from time to time. "Almost 5 years since you had a drink? CURED. Have a drink to celebrate why donchya?"
This is what made me relapse a LOT of times. That means it's a total lie the alcoholic mind creates.."3 months without drinking? C'mon! Go have 1 beer you're cured".
Yep 10 years sober that voice whispered to me..."See you're ok..." Apparently not so much...
This sounds very familiar...are you reading my journal again? ;-)..Yeah I have thoughts like this too. Very frustrating. Meditation is helping me but the struggle is real.
This is what got me at 3 months last time!
I had those "drinking shots fantasies" a few days back. Like you said it wasn't really a craving but it seemed normal in my mind. Glad I made it through. 
This is hard .
Ug! That part is super frustrating. Like hey you are in control and feel great and totally accept not drinking In your life...wouldn't it be fun to get drop down sloppy drunk at a party this weekend?..Like wtf! I read a post here about romanticisng the drinking and that really helped me keep perspective. I try to u romanticize it and focus on all the parts I hated about drunk me instead of the fun.
That's because if you are a true alcoholic the physical craving comes AFTER THE FIRST DRINK....Trust me dude I'm my 15 years of sobriety not many I have seen change from alcoholism to heavy or social drinker..
I can relate thanks for this post. I've had friends offer me drinks and they keep offering and almost seem uncomfortable by my refusal. Then I start to think "well maybe one can't hurt." I know where one gets me though so I'm not too worried. Glad to hear I'm not the only one with a brain that tries to play tricks all the time :P 
I think like this still. Then I ask myself a simple question that only I know the honest answer to: "do I just want a glass of wine or do I want to bottle?"..So far the answer is still the same. 
The tiger isn't killing me because he's in his cage. 
I'm really glad you shared this today. I have been alcohol free for a while now and been able to enjoy activities where I would normally drink. So my brain is doing the same thing: "You can control this see? You're out with your friends and each of them only had 1 or 2 beers. You can do this." Nope you asshole I can't. And why should I anyway? Sheesh! ..Great work recognizing your mind trying to rationalize drinking again and shutting that shit down.
