-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xa2zw/struggling_right_now_just_need_to_type_this_out/

Love this site and the people here. Have helped me immensely over the last year. Just wanted to type out my current situation and if anyone feels like reading and sharing their thoughts please feel free to. ..Really struggling trying to figure out what I want to do with my life. I am happy to have over 10 months sober my sobriety is one of the things I currently cherish most in my life. I am just sick of feeling like I am not living. I have wasted so much of my life being afraid to live and feeling insecure about myself. Sobriety has made me realize how silly those thoughts are and that I am capable of doing a lot if I choose to. I guess right now I am stuck between my old self and potential new self. But instead of continuing to grow I continue to just sit idle and watch life go by. I know somethings I have to do to improve my life but I am a procrastinator by nature and am having trouble motivating myself to live the life I want to live as it requires work. Anyone else have this problem and found a way to motivate them-self to change?..Part of the reason I am feeling down is I declined an invitation to my cousin's bachelor party. It sucks because I am lonely and would love the opportunity to see my cousin and hang out with other people. But at the same time I don't want to be around that amount of binge drinking. I told him the truth as to why I can't go which he did not respond with an answer. Most likely he is unsure what to say and may not have realized how serious my drinking problem is. Not really sure what my family knows outside a select few members. I just know they have not seen me drink at the last few family gatherings. Just feels like this weekend is going to be awkward as I am supposed to go to his couples shower? (didn't know that was a thing). So not only will my family most likely hear I declined an invitation to his party but I will also be surrounded by people binge drinking as my family loves drinking. Then of course his wedding is in a few weeks where I will meet his friends and hear all about the party I missed and have to live through another celebration sober while everyone else getting wasted. I am also single and will be surrounded by other cousins who will be there with their spouses/girlfriends/dates. I know I am probably building it up to be a bigger deal than it is but it is bothering me. ..I know sobriety is the most important thing to me and at least I am no longer afraid to admit that to people. I used to always think of the term alcoholic as a degrading word but I now realize its just a fact about myself. No use in fighting the truth. I can't drink because I can't stop once I start and it makes me feel miserable. Its a fact why hide from it?..Thanks again for all your help.
----------immediate responses--------

I can totally identify with being stuck between the old self and the potential new self.  I too am a procrastinator.  I don't have much advice other than I work to take one little step every day if I can.  Even something as small as putting away my clothes or paying a bill.  It helps fuel a continuing sense of movement being in charge of my life.  I said the other day that this discipline to effect change in my life is a muscle I let atrophy when I became a serious drinker.  I think it takes some time and a willingness to not beat ourselves up over it.  Just try to do one tiny thing every day and see what happens.  My two cents!  You're not alone in this friend.
well all this is temporary right? .you're making the decision you need to make at 10 months to stay sober.  in a few months or next year who knows what you'll feel comfortable doing...what things have you accomished in life since sober? what parts of your life has sobriety already changed for the better?
I have to keep reminding myself that everyday I go to sleep sober I am moving forward and growing. ..I'm glad you posted too. I don't have anything super poignant to say but it's always important to be compassionate to yourself and your journey. ..I can't really say that in an "I" or "me" sort of way; it's actually what my therapist and I are working right now...showing more compassion to myself. It's so hard but when I remember to it allows me a chance to step back and see that I truly am making progress.
As I read your post I am struck as to how far you have come. You can identify the booze brain jive from the sober brain clarity. Great accomplishment. Regarding the upcoming events it is cool that you nixed the bachelor party because you are in touch with your healthy boundaries. Another win. Could just go to the ceremony and skip the reception. If not it is kinda a target rich environment in that those that know know those that do not will and those that truly love you and want the best for you will be good with you choice. Those that are not says more about them then you. Sorry if I got too too. Good luck with it. Here's to not drinking today.
I felt like that the last few days.  "My kid is passing me by" kinda attitude.  When I first got sober  in January my therapist and I talked about it a lot &amp; it went away and I felt like fresh out if high school/ the world is my oyster again.  Since relapsing and getting diver a second time the feeling is back.... being an army wife I feel like my schedule has to go around my husband schedule plus the armys schedule so school is difficult when I know I will just have to transfer soon same with work so therefore I feel like I'm not fulfilling what I want out of life or being productive  or have much of a purpose  and at the same time idk what I want out if life or to do or what options I even have. ...Feel better my friend the boat of uncertainty has to hit shore at some point.     
I think you made the right choice about the bachelor party. I will certainly decline any outings that involve bar hopping or clubbing. ..At the reception will there be a family member you can hang with who won't get drunk or be pushy? Even if it's great uncle Sal maybe you could listen to some cool stories and learn some family history. And then bounce when you feel like it. I wouldn't want to be stuck needing a ride or giving anyone else a ride at the end of the night. .. My big family get-togethers are usually stone cold sober and there's still enough covert drama to make me prefer the company of the small children.  
10 months feels like a really long time (and it is!)...but be kind to yourself and know that 10 months is just the beginning.  It's said that for the first year the only thing you need to worry about is not drinking. You are doing a miraculous thing for yourself.  Change happens slowly...you ARE improving your life all the time every day. Give yourself until you're past a year before you start focusing on making big changes.  It's okay to formulate them now...think about what you want to do but don't beat yourself up for not doing them yet. You have so much time ahead of you!  Life has a way of working itself out. This is infinitely more true if you keep not drinking.
