-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xilby/sober_vacation_i_can_do_this_right/

Well we pack the car up within the hour for a 6 hour drive to the mountains of PA. I'm up early contemplating how I'm going to get through this week without the evening cocktails...I've already been very tempted lately to try moderation. I know all the reasons NOT to try this but it's been an everyday struggle for me when my SO pours a drink (or four) every evening. This vacation is also with old college friends who also drink but not to the extent I used to. I know they'll be supportive but they're also going to want to have some drinks on vacation. I know I'll feel the pull to join them. ..This is my accountability post. I don't want to drink again. I don't want to fire up the old neural networks that equated relaxation with drinking. ..I don't want to drink again. I want to show my teen daughter that you don't NEED alcohol to have a good time...I really don't want to drink again and waste half of my vacation mornings feeling like crap...I don't want to drink and have to reset my badge!! I'm proud of how far I've come and I don't want to write the relapse post and start the badge over at 1...So what's my plan? ..* Journaling.* hopefully SD (unsure of internet access).* Lots of good books to read and a knitting project to do.* **This Naked Mind** is still on my kindle.* Exercise! Walks runs swimming and paddling are all other to keep me moving.* Lots of seltzer water on hand and maybe smoothie ingredients.* If it gets bad for me I bet there are meetings somewhere nearby..I not only want to stay sober I want to relax and have a good time without drinking. I need to know the two are not mutually exclusive. No not "know" but FEEL it. ..Well here I go.......
----------immediate responses--------

Let us know how it goes! I just came home from a camping trip and spent my evenings around the campfire drinking ginger ale and eating copious amounts of smores. No room for alcohol in this belly.
It sounds like a strong plan you've got in place. I've had two vacations since I stopped drinking and I've had so much fun. Hope you do too! Also my teen daughter is a huge motivation for me as well. A sober parent is a wonderful gift...Have fun!
I've just come back from a holiday with extended family.  Lots of moderate drinkers so alcohol at meals and in the evenings and I was concerned that I was going to have trouble - not that I'd drink since everyone knew I'd recently stopped but that it would be torture...Turned out to be much easier than I feared.  Once I got started on soft drinks when other people were going for wine I stopped thinking about it almost entirely.  Turns out alcohol was lying to me about how I needed it to relax.  A glass filled with fizzy water or lemonade worked just fine and I spent less time thinking about drinking than I would have done if I was watching people's glasses and trying to sneak extras without making it obvious.  Really nice not to wake up each morning wondering if I'd made a fool of myself the night before too.....One bad moment when I went out to clear a table on my own and there were two full glasses of red wine abandoned on it (how do people do that??).  But I got passed that and just took the plates.
As a former PA native I found walking in the woods with a camera very rewarding -- so many fabulous native plants good birding and the views from mountaintops.   Also many of the forests have streams large enough for wading.   This is making me nostalgic!   Have a great time knowing you are prepared.   
I took a 10 day vacation to the beach with my family and with their support and this sub I made it. I didn't relapse until I got back home. You can do this. I was sober for 3 days before we left. I'm back to day 4 now. I'm certainly not an expert but I will not drink with you today.
Looks like a fantastic plan. You'll do great! I went on vacation recently and at one point it hit me like a ton of bricks: I'm having way more fun sober than I would be having drunk. Enjoy!
That looks like a great plan...I recently went on a family vacation and was worried it 'wouldn't be a proper holiday' without booze. ..Turns out I had a ball. I was a lot more present for everybody got involved in way more activities than I would have in my drinking days and came back refreshed and relaxed...I'm sure you got this enjoy yourself!
I hope you have an awesome vacation! Relax and enjoy! I'll send positive vibes your way that you remain sober and soak up all the down time. I've had one only one sober vacation and the memories of it are wonderful. Best family vacation we ever had! I hope your vacation becomes that too! Enjoy!
One day at a time this. .. even one evening if you need to. If you really want to drink around the fire at night tell yourself just not tonight. You can in the morning if you want to... you won't want to in the morning. Excuse yourself and go look at the stars. Clean up the site. Call a sober friend. You can do this if you want to
Ironically I'm on a vacation to get away from the mountains on PA. It's great that you have a plan for not drinking. That's an important first step. It's hard when everyone is drinking around you but you can do it. It's going to be great when you can remember your vacation.
