-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xtp1j/almost_6_weeks_still_struggling/

First week or so was awful. Felt ALOT better for about 4 weeks now I'm back to feeling almost as bad as I did when I first came in. ..I'm beginning to realize my character defects seeing how judgmental I was angry resentful etc. I've had a few experiences since then that have really made me begin to believe in a higher power. However this has caused me a lot of distress. I was raised catholic and the amount of guilt I'm experiencing is driving me nuts. I'm depressed anxious. Nearly as bad as it was when I was withdrawing. My sponsor says it's possible I"m still emotionally/mentally withdrawing and that sometimes this can take months to clear up. ..I'm just constantly thinking I can't get out of my own head/self. It's almost like OCD. I'm really starting to wonder if I had some mental health problems (depression anxiety Obsessive thinking) that I was self-medicating for. In fact I almost know it. ..I'm constantly wondering about if I'm going to hell feel guilty about anything I do sexually even though I'm in a committed loving relationship and never cheat constantly wondering if God is real and if not what does that imply about our morals? Are we just animals dropped out into the void destined to purposelessness and using each other? I don't want to live in this fashion. I'm realizing that I drank to keep this sort of hopelessness/nihilistic thinking away. Feeling slightly better as I write this out but it was a tough weekend for sobriety. ..Gf is normally super supportive but I think she underestimates my alcoholism. We had plans to go to friends concert. I told her I don't mind if she has a few drinks I just asked her not to get trashed if she wouldn't mind because I couldn't handle that-not that it's wrong for normies to do every now and then I just can't be around it right now. ..Anyways she hasn't been drinking much since I stopped drinking and I think she lost her tolerance. She got drunk mopey self-abusive and said some pretty rude things. I was crawling in my skin. I wasn't angry but I wanted to drink so bad. We eventually had to leave the concert early because of this. It was awful I thought I was ready to go back out into society-I can handle restaurants but I guess i know my limits now. ..Gf was incredibly apologetic the next day and felt terrible. She's been like this before but I was drinking then and just chalked it up as both of us being drunk. She asked me if I think she has a problem. I told her it's not my place to say-it's a personal decision and if it's negatively impacting your life than that's enough. She promised not to get like this in front of me again and I trust her in that regard. ..Looking forward to my meeting tonight. Gonna need it. Any advice/words of wisdom would be greatly appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

Your brain is doing mental gymnastics. What calmed mine was working the steps with a sponsor. 
Awesome that with all of that happening you chose not to drink.  .
Try to celebrate the amazing strength you've shown thus far to make it to 41 days - that is HUGE!..Be proud of the fact that you are a forgiving &amp; understanding person towards your GF and you can still feel trust towards her and you didn't use the incident at the concert as an excuse to start drinking again.  That is AMAZING!..Give yourself a pat on the back for making it through the weekend sober. That is an ACCOMPLISHMENT in itself. ..You got this. 
Congrats on making it through the weekend sober! I agree with u/SOmuch2learn; the mental gymnastics are in play right now. I found that I was self-medicating my depression issues and when I got sober I realized a lot of things that were masked by alcohol. I am grateful that I went to therapy and got sober.
