-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xuapf/6_months/

Hello My Dear Friends of SD! I wanted to post this on Saturday and include before / after pic's but it didn't happen (I promise the pic's will be posted soon though!)...For some odd reason I got somewhat depressed..in a funk that I just can't explain. Perhaps there's something about hitting the half-year-mark?? Anyway I'm alive well healthy happy..and finally out of my funk. It only lasted a few days. However I have still been here reading every post and reply keeping up with all of you as always :). ..Sobriety is wonderful. Health wise my BP thyroid and cholesterol have all stabilized. I went from a size 14 to a 6. My depression and anxiety are amazingly better. I have patience now; I have tolerance; I'm a kinder person overall. I believe in and stick to sober people / sober places. Although my lifestyle has changed dramatically (I don't go out much my old drinking buddies have been out of my life for about 8 months) I still have things to work on. I firmly believe that once we achieve sobriety regardless of the amount of time it is so precious - it must be nurtured and maintained...I must sincerely thank SD; without you all I do not believe I would have made it this far. I read reply post chat all the time sometimes several times a day. Your posts and replies have brought me smiles laughs tears and fond memories. ..It's amazing how SD has come to feel like family to me. In fact all it took to help me get out of my funk and finally post this was a message from a very dear SD friend that was checking in on me. I had been posting checking in and replying a lot during the past several weeks and she noticed that I haven't been around. Well I'm thrilled and very proud to say I'm here!! THANK YOU dear friend ;)...To all of our mods: Thank you for keeping SD safe and peaceful and for your kind guidance...To all of our members that have been here for a significant amount of time: Thank you for your wisdom encouragement leadership stories of how you achieved your amazing success in sobriety and life in general...To all of our SDers both new and concurrent: This is all worth it!! I love seeing someone post for the first time - I want to hug them and say "Good for you!! Get on board we'll pull you through!!". And similarly when I read a post about a relapse I want to say "It's OK come back to us and let's do this together!". ..There have been many times late at night or even on a lonely boring day that I've gone into the IRC (RSGirl lol) and chatted away - my trials and tribulations fears etc.. ;addpoint. Every single time whether in posts or chats I know that there is always someone here to help me through..and I'm here for you too :)...So thank you once again..I love you all and I couldn't be more grateful for your friendship and our sobriety...Much Love and Appreciation.Lisa xoxoxo
----------immediate responses--------

congratulations! So happy for you and am really happy you're here to share your positive attitude with everyone.  :) take care
Nice! 
So happy for you Lee. Thank you for all your support and good wishes. You rock!!! I will not drink with you today. 
Congratulations! And thanks for the much appreciated advice you've given me on a consistent basis here. Life can still be tough without drinking but I know I'll still have problems I have to deal with I also know they will be infinitely easier to address without the toxic insidious effects of alcohol constantly weighing me down whist I'm trying to swim. 
yaaaaaaas bitch!!..love you. Congrats
Congrats!  What a huge milestone.
Congratulations! Your post gave me a lot of hope thank you for sharing! 
Lisa you are such an asset to the SD community. Congratulations on the 6 months. That is such a huge milestone. I know that you will keep fighting the good fight and keep brightening the lives of other sobernauts.
Thank YOU /u/Lee_in_NY!..And congratulations on 6 months! I really appreciate your posts and comments on here - you're showing the way for those like me :) Hope you have an excellent day today...
Six months is a huge deal [Congratulations!](http://i.imgur.com/ky2G0X7.gif)
Congratulations on your 6 month Soberversary Lee!  Thank you for all your kind and inspirational posts - especially the one where you fled from the bar and your old drinking friends in that fabulous dress and heels :D.  Looking forward to sobering on with you Dear Lady I'll gladly not drink alcohol with you today.
Beautiful Lee.  Congrats on your six months.
So happy for you my friend! You've come so far and each day you are adding to that wonderful soberness! Congrats again on 6 months and LETS GO HAVE ICE CREAM! Just kidding I'll go have ice cream...last time you blamed the need for a mumu on me. Lol!   
This was a wonderfully warm and [something else lovely for which the actual word escapes me]. Congrats on 6 months and all of the work you are doing to seize the day -- it's inspiring.
