-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xw05f/cooking_with_wine_yay_or_nay/

I can't  imagine cooking clams without my white wine reduced butter and  garlic sauce. It's heaven. Also a trigger remembering the shame I felt chugging the 3/4ths of the good bottle of white wine that remained knowing I hated white wine but drank it anyways because it was there. ... But... But.. The sauce is so divine.. Oy vay (as they say) the struggle is real. Interested in others thoughts. Sometimes I feel I have so many days sober I'm in the clear then I realize what a babe in the woods I am when I get tripped up over culinary debacles. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't cook with wine because I don't want to have an open bottle of wine in my apartment...I don't necessarily have an issue with eating food cooked with alcohol I'm very very lactose intolerant so usually at italian restaurants the best thing on the menu I can have is things cooked in white wine sauce. ..But I say just save those meals for out at restaurants or something like that. You've made it 7+ months without cooking this exact meal why tempt fate?..
I found I couldn't do it. I have no problem with the idea of a splash of wine in food...but my body does.  Took me a while to work out why I suddenly didn't like pate but the penny finally dropped.
IMO I think it's fine.  I've got alcohol in the house for when friends come over and I don't touch it.  Time will tell thought but I haven't had a desire to touch it for well over two weeks now.
I wouldn't - no sense in complicating your sobriety IMO. If you must have clams in white wine sauce (can't blame the craving) go out for them. It's just a lot easier! That's what I do when I crave anything alcohol based anyway. 
its one of those things that absolutely varies person to person. I like to think of us all on a spectrum. Some of us would have zero problem cooking with wine or eating something that has alcohol in it because logically they know the actual ethanol has been largely cooked off and they aren't eating it in order to catch a buzz (because you'd have to chug roughly a gallon of your white wine reduced butter and garlic sauce and you're more likely to vomit explosively than you are get drunk off it. Others however feel wildly uncomfortable even having the alcohol near at hand *in* their hands as they pour it into the pan or what have you and the fear of an unclosed bottle mocking/tempting them proves to be more stress than its worth. Then there are those that have such a traumatic relationship with booze that the idea of having any inside them at all even in harmless forms as cooked down wine sauce to be an offense to the sanctity of their sobriety.  ..No one's wrong or right. It's just...how each person feels personally on the matter. Me I don't mind eating it or cooking with it. If you can honestly look into yourself and be confident you will not chug that remaining wine nor are you looking to get high off your sauce (its impossible don't bother you'll puke first) then go for it. But be honest with yourself on that regard or you may be back here tomorrow shamefaced with a story about a wine sauce. :) 
I say go ahead...Me personally I refuse to treat alcohol like plutonium where it just being near me is lethal. Obviously you don't want to eat that much pasta to get drunk...Also you CAN buy single serving bottles of wine for a recipe (I've done this a few times) and not have to worry about keeping more in the house.
I cook with cooking wine which kind of sucks but I don;t like wine in my house bc that was my drink of choice...I eat food at restaurants cooked with wine pretty regularly.  It has not been a problem for me to date.  But seriously there is a huge divide on this issue.
