-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xww6s/stupid_stuff_my_brain_has_said/

* It's almost been 2 weeks. How addicted could you REALLY have been?.* There's tons of people who relapse on /r/stopdrinking and it seems like no big deal - so let's have a little relapse!.* We'll drink but NOT get drunk..* That was a TON of stress at work this week. Nobody deserves this more than you!.* One beer isn't a relapse! You won't even need to ask to have your badge reset!.* 3.2% I mean. Come on man!.* The people at the liquor store are probably worried. You should at LEAST go in and say 'hi'..* You're getting fat from all the eating. This isn't healthy for you..* You're very boring now..* Seriously? Like NEVER again? Little breaks here and there are good but NEVER again?..My brain is an idiot. ;) 
----------immediate responses--------

My brain is stupid all of the time too but that doesn't mean I listen to it.  You can do it.  Stay strong. 
Early in my sobriety I found myself in all seriousness saying the sentence "Go fuck yourself brain" and then just laughing out loud...Our brains like habits both of action and of thought. Hang in there and you'll find yourself thinking less and less stupid thoughts. (I wish I could say stupid thoughts go away entirely but alas! At least for me that has certainly not been the case.)
One of the things that scares me is that supposedly the withdrawals become worse after each relapse.  I'd rather not find that out firsthand.
I feel like I've had all of these thoughts. Thanks for writing this! Feeling a bit lonely and reading these made me smile.
Don't believe everything you think. 
My brain tried to convince me that a drink wouldn't hurt today too. Wtf! I played it forward outloud to myself in my car. Talking it through made me realize what a scumbag my brain was being!
yeah it was funny in the 'if you don't laugh you'll cry' kinda way.  Great attitude valuable post keep it up we can win.  
This is awesome.
'The people at the liquor store are probably worried. You should at LEAST go in and say 'hi'...I can't believe I once had this thought. It crossed my mind that this might actually be true that is until I realized it was just another sneaky trick to get me in the goddamned place......Like they'd give a flying crap...Thanks for the laugh..
our brains must belong to some sort of stupid club together. mine is worried about our bartender "friends" along with echoing so many more of those. 
[deleted]
This is perfect. Thank you for the reminder. I definitely still have thoughts like these sometimes but they are not nearly as prevalent...Now they're more like realizing you forgot your keys when you go to get in your car. It doesn't happen too often and when it does it is a minor annoyance and resolves itself quickly...Keep it up. I won't drink with you today.
That voice in our head that does the stinkin thinkin needs to be shut down. My brain is an idiot at times too! It kept me awake almost all night Sunday with irrational thoughts. Sheesh!
The weight thing is on auto-constant-play in my mind a lot. I decided not to diet or go crazy on exercise until I have a month sober. I've been enjoying everything I've restricted (unless I was binging after a bender). I've found what really helps is to allow the thoughts not engage with them and let them dissipate. They're just thoughts after all. 
Was that your brain or my brain? Do we share a brain? Let's not drink together today. 
I can confirm that my scumbag-booze brain said many things like that early on. Stay strong friend! 
What's funny is after a while "all the stress at work" becomes so much more manageable when I'm sober. 
"The people at the liquor store are probably worried"  this is my favorite.  Great post- good job listening to the the insanity while remembering it's insane.  I can relate!
Sometimes [Homer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Mc4iaN-_RQ) says it best.
Folding this laundry would be so much more fun with a glass of wine..My ideas (for writing assignment) would be so much more original if I was a little buzzed..I could fall asleep/ eat more/ clean faster/ get more done if I had a cocktail...All lies.  My brain is a dirty liar and NOT my friend right now.  I think the reason I (and maybe a lot of us) feel so alone early on is that we realize we don't even have ourselves anymore.  I am not to be trusted.  I'm okay with that.  :)
Awesome post. Just love it. Congratulations on 14 days. What a star ;-)
I have thought almost every one of these things.  you are stronger than you think.  .I like others here have told my brain to go fuck itself.  .you can do this!!
I just have to add this. If my brain was a disease it wouldn't get a doctor's note ;-)
