-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4xz9d3/i_think_this_is_my_bottom/

So I have posted before here a few times about my struggles with drinking and how I have been determined to get sober but each time I will have a few good days and then I will relapse. Or I will think I can handle myself and have just a few and I binge and fall back into the same patterns. At the beginning of the week I will start out on track and so positive and then it has turned to shit by the weekend. And I think after relapsing and binging this weekend I've cost myself my relationship. I think this is my bottom. And it fucking sucks..I don't want to go into a lot of detail but my drinking has been a major issue in my relationship and after this last weekend I think I finally did something that may have completely ended the relationship. He still won't talk to me and when he has it has been very blunt and not very nice. Not that I blame him. Everything he has said about me is true and I am terrible. He has every right to be angry and want to leave if that's what he chooses. I have bpd so I am trying to deal with my emotions and look at myself honestly and my choices which is hard when your emotions are intense and overwhelming and can often blind you from being rational and doing anything except trying to stop the pain and keep people from leaving. I relapsed and self harmed because everything hurts. I can't keep doing this anymore. I work in a bar and it is a huge trigger for me and I have shown time and again I can't be sober there so I am going to have to look for a new job that I can still support myself on which is stressful and a trigger. I have two young kids and I've talked to my mom and she has offered to help me with them so I can get to meetings and such. I'm just so depressed and humiliated. I miss him so much and having to take a good hard look and realize I may have messed up for good this time hurts so much. I have beer in my fridge and I have work tonight and I just don't know what to do. I want to get better I have to but I am having such a hard time letting go of my old life and moving on. I have to get better with or without him in my life  for my own sake and for my kids. It just hurts. I just wanted to vent because you guys are great...thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

"I am terrible" no you're not and you never have to feel this way again. ..dump out that GD beer TAKE the help your mother is offering with the kids get to a meeting...time to be the person you can be and the mother your kids deserve..we're not drinking today. ..good luck    you're stronger than you know. I promise
Please don't beat yourself up like this? I don't know you but I feel confident in saying that you are not in fact "terrible". ..Maybe you + alcohol = terrible (that equation is true for me!) but you are a person who is trying to get better to make better choices etc. ..Most of us had several unsuccessful attempts in the beginning. Most of us have done things we highly regret. ..Please be kind to yourself at the same moment that you learn from a mistake. ..I'm very thankful that your mom is there for you. Lean on her a bit. Think about the job thing (I agree if it's a trigger you should be considering finding something else). Concentrate on your plan whatever it is. Maybe you're very close to finding out what you need to do to stay sober. ..But at some point it probably starts with forgiveness ... of yourself. ..I don't think you're terrible at all and I wish you much peace and comfort in this time. ..Best Punnyboy 
you are a good person with a terrible disease never forget that.  You're sick and hurting right now and have received some excellent advice.  Sending you lots of love.
As someone who just left the beer business you've made a big step in realizing that has to go. There are other healthier environments to put yourself in that don't present 8 hours of high pressure surrounded by people enjoying the thing you're trying to quit...If you've been working bar service for a while you already have the skills needed in a coffeeshop or other service environment. And coffee snobs are their own thing! I know a lot of cafes that would accept "I left because I don't want to be surrounded by alcohol anymore" as a great reason and a sign of personal growth. Look for one that doesn't serve alcohol and apply there. Dry places help me a ton...You sound like you're panicking. Take a deep breath and take 10 minutes to yourself and write down some of the things you want to be as personal goals. I find looking at my future and what I want from it can break the panic cycle...You can do this you'll be OK.  
You can do this! Trying meetings is a good idea - I would have relapsed (again) by now without AA. ..Food &amp; beverage is a hard industry to work in. Even if the place itself doesn't serve alcohol the employees are often big into drinking and drugs. Just got out of the restaurant biz myself 2 years ago. I second the coffeeshop idea that might be a good move. 
Big huge internet hugs. ...I left my bartending job 7 months ago. It's been my main source of income for over a decade. I've supported my family on it and I thought it was where my friends were. It was the best and one of the hardest decisions I've ever made. Thankfully you have the support of your mom which is so friggin important when you have kids and need some support during major life changes. I have a 2 year old and without my dads help I don't know if I'd be so well off! I took a few side jobs while I went to school. I've been very poor as far as money but girl let me tell you my soul feels so rich. The relationships you will have with your kids when you get sober will blow your mind. The relationship you will have with yourself will be so rewarding. I don't know what will happen with your guy. With time and healing anything is possible but like you acknowledged you have to do it for yourself! More hugs. I was in your boat not too long ago and remember that desperate sinking feeling. IT GETS BETTER. Promise yourself today. Today you won't drink. I won't drink with you either.
Is there anyway you can make a meeting today or tomorrow? ..Are you willing to pour that beer in the fridge down the sink? ..When I'm feeling the way you do right now and trust me I've been there I try to focus on what's right in front of me the things I have to do in the next hour. Try not to worry about the future right now. Focusing on doing what you have to do and staying sober tonight. Good luck my friend.
I needed to read this so thank you for posting! I have been in a similar struggle lately- flirting with moderation just for a sense of normalcy and all it does is flip my shit upside down. I'm also in a new relationship and while I can drink and not embarrass myself the anxiety that comes with drinking is "worrysome" for my dude and I'm just not willing to let drinking destroy me or this relationship. ..I hope you take it easy on yourself today and that you care for yourself the same way you would your best friend. This is all about discovery and sometimes we fall. We just have to get back up and keep going! I will not drink with you today!
