-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y06of/very_self_conscious_of_myself_and_performance_at/

Hello everyone I was just hoping you out there in /r/stopdrinking could help answer my question. ..After realizing that I was indeed NOT someone who can quit drinking then just have "one or two" I have finally decided to quit drinking for good this time. I feel really great aside from one little thing. I feel very self conscious and insecure about not only myself but the work/job I am doing at my new job. Making PIZZA. Sounds simple yes?  Confidence has been something I have struggled with in my life but I feel like the five years I drank heavily made it so I was living under a rock and now my brain doesn't know what to do with sobriety. For what ever reason my brain is constantly telling me I am doing something too slowly or not well enough and I am constantly listening back to hear if anyone is saying anything negative about me. I have never been a self centered person but I do tend to personalize things often. I am 25 years old and am older than a lot of people at my job I have had the longest. I just wish I could feel that same confident attitude that I used to when I drank (not going to drink to get it though) and I am very frustrated with myself. .I am hoping once I hit a month sobriety my confidence will be bolstered a little more....Also checked in today and realized it had been five days! I thought it had only been three! Yay!
----------immediate responses--------

in my experience the whole fake confidence thing kind of held me back. In times I've been able to be sober I was able to really improve myself in ways that gave me a lasting confidence. It's a pretty miserable feeling at first but it's just part of the emotional hell you go through in the first few weeks of being sober.
Yeah tell me about. I got ridiculously self conscious the other day because my shirt had a crease in it from being bunched up in the closet. I was so sure everybody was starring at it and talking about it. I'm not that far into sober living but I'm assuming my brain is starting to nitpick the little things with all the extra processing power it has now. In reality the little things like that shouldn't matter but instead of teaching myself how to think that way how to handle even the most minor amount of stress I just shut the whole process down with alcohol and ignored the problem. These days I just tell myself 'don't panic move along' and in a couple of weeks I'll be able to afford a wardrobe upgrade or deal with scratch on my car or learn how to do this task abit better or whatever tiny thing needs to be done. When I get worried people are talking about me I tell myself I'm just not that important to these people- which seems counter intuitive but I find it helps with the social anxiety. 
Confidence comes with success. There's a bit of a chicken and egg problem to it though: without confidence achieving success seems impossible. But that's just your brain lying to you filling you with doubt. There are ways to combat this...Take a look at what you're doing right here:..&gt; Also checked in today and realized it had been five days! I thought it had only been three! Yay!..This is the right thing to do. Keep doing this. Give yourself credit for every goal that you achieve. Celebrate your accomplishments no matter how small they may seem. Post to the board and let us celebrate with you. You're looking at a snowball effect here. You've got the ball rolling and it's only going to get bigger over time...You can't turn off self-doubt overnight -- but you _can_ change that internal narrative the story that you are telling yourself. It takes time. When you make positive choices and follow through with them like you are doing now that voice starts to see: hey look at me. I'm doing things. I'm moving forward. Slowly it gets the message. The story changes. Your story changes...Do you know what is says about you that you're here in the first place? It says that you are trying to better yourself. So many people are incapable of recognizing the effects that alcohol has on them and on their lives. It takes hitting rock bottom so many times before that happens. And yet here you are. Here you are on the path toward happiness and peace. Self-awareness ain't nothin'...The people who walk the path toward peace and have hope they usually get to their destination one way or the other. And you're walking that path. You're talking about hitting one month sobriety. That's a great goal. But give yourself credit for today. Give yourself credit for every day. Think of every day as a mile marker on the road forward. Every day is a little better than the last in some way.
