-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y1guy/the_chain_of_thinking_that_makes_me_relapse_is_i/

Anyone had this? It's almost like I know irrevocably that my life will improve in every area except for this. ..Funny thing is part of me knows it's bullshit. I know for a fact that women that have been interested in me become quickly turned off because how much of a prick I am when intoxicated. for example I was supposed to take a girl out this week but I can't because I've spent this fort nights pay on beer. I'll just have to make up some crap. I mean who wants to be with someone who drinks 8-12 beers a night and then countless drinks on the weekend. ..The other part of me though has no idea how to confidently talk to new women or ask them out. I mean I've been using this shit since I was 16 as a social crutch (I'm 29). Probably what's making it difficult for the most part it works I never would of met the chick mentioned above if it wasn't for alcohol. I work in a corporate setting.. Plenty of opportunities to meet people but so many social events.. All riddled with alcohol. I don't know I just can't seem to fathom doing it without alcohol...I also know I should just be focusing on sobriety.. However it's hard to do that when you think it's going to severely impact an important part of your life...I'm just rambling now.. Any advice would be appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 27/f and am in a new relationship. We met on OKC. He drinks occasionally but not around me. ..I would never have dated the guy I'm with now if I was drinking. 1. because he would have broken up with me in two seconds 2. because he wouldn't have drank enough. ..You'll meet *different* girls in *different* ways than how you did when you were drinking. I've had three short term relationships since getting sober including current boyfriend. ALL of them were better than my relationships while drinking. 
As a woman I find nothing attractive about a man who abuses alcohol. The majority of the population does not over-drink and plenty of them are married or in committed relationships. When I was drinking my thinking too was skewed. A therapist treatment and AA taught me how to live a sober happy life. 
[deleted]
I think it's just about learning to flirt and facing your fear and there are plenty of resources that can help you with both of those things.  A sober person is an infinitely more attractive person than when they were drinking.  You can and will be successful it's just a matter of time. 
Dating sex relationships are a totally different thing when sober.  My experience is that I date people who have not had substance abuse problems.. and usually they are fairly impressed that I quit drinking and want to put my life and health first. 
I have found that although I still have a fear in the back of my mind about meeting people without having a few wines in me that I'm SO much more confident. I take care of myself dress nicely don't stagger or slur or get repetitive. I hold intelligent conversations and I'm not ashamed of who I am or what my career is like. A huge turn off for me? A guy that sits and drinks gets sloppy glassy eyed looks disheveled can't hold a conversation...I come from a very corporate environment and I am keenly aware of how the alcohol infested conferences / meetings / parties / seminars are detrimental to my sobriety. It's amazing how I look back and remember meeting prominent individuals at conferences where I admired the people for their work and when I saw them staggering drunk it was a whole different story. Plus it was always awkward when it came to exchanging cards - I didn't remember 9 out of 10 and I'm sure they felt the same. The one thing I won't miss about conferences is the crazy sexual encounters that happen every single night everyone so drunk that they don't even know who they wake up to in the morning. And the talk....!! I don't need or want the drama...Anyway hang in there..it's SO much better without alcohol! :)
I'm not trying to find a mate (married) but I am trying to meet new friends since I don't know many people in my city.  I was starting to look at joining stuff when I realized I was over complicating things and just signed up to walk shelter dogs at adoption events in trendy parts of the city - first gig this weekend no alcohol in sight (I hope).  Good luck!
