-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y4bj4/crushing_temptation/

.I'm on day 20 and am feeling better physically but the last 4 days have been a misery. The temptation to drink has been utterly overwhelming from about 3 to 6pm. But I've managed to resist. This afternoon my lovely friend (who is unaware of my struggle) gave me a very nice bottle of wine as a thank you gift. I just felt crushed. I was already exhausted from my fight over the last few days. After a huge internal battle and reading my long list of reasons I have to quit alcohol several times I eventually divided it up into 1 cup portions and put it in the deep freeze to use in cooking. I feel safe now but am just so so tired. I think I'm going to bed super early again. I guess this is what they call 'white knuckling' it. I long for the day these feelings will subside a bit.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on exercising your strength of will. I love the idea of freezing portions for cooking! Have you got friends with whom you may talk about your struggle? I've also found going to bed early a useful strategy; I think my body is also telling me that I've missed out on a lot of REM sleep over the years (!).
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing these thoughts here. I have been where you are. I have sat in my car on the freeway coming to a fork in the road where one way is home and the other is all my old stomping grounds. I literally did not know which way my steering wheel would turn until the last moment. For a stretch there it was turning the wrong way. I could swear I turned it left toward home but it went right anyway...It helped to have friends new ones that I knew wouldn't bring over a bottle with alcohol in it but I wasn't exactly looking to make new friends either--it just kind of happened...Sleep is a good trick to get past the white knuckling stuff for sure. I also filled the hole in my soul with a program of recovery which made it so much easier to stay sober...Hang in there my friend.
