-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y4iw0/7_years/

Today I celebrate my 7-year anniversary of sobriety.  Thank you all for being a part of the last 4 years of my recovery journey.  It has been interesting!  I have learned a lot from this community which has positively impacted my outlook in many areas of my life.  As always thanks to those who came before me and helped create /r/stopdrinking and especially thanks for the mods and regulars who helped make this forum what it is.  Finally SD is what it is because of the newcomers who out of pain and suffering make a decision to stop drinking and who have the courage to share their experiences as they struggle to stay sober.  Stay awesome.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Thank YOU for being here encouraging others and sharing words of wisdom. Have a great day!
Oh Man What a Fantastic Milestone!..Seven is a number with Gravitas!  (Also I think a symbol of luck in certain areas!)...You've meant and mean so much to me and to others in this community.  ..Congratulations CC and here's to Sobering On !!..Just for today I dont' Drink with You.
that's cool coolcrosby . people like you are motivation to us that come what may sobriety can rule for long if we let it. Kudos friend. !
Congrats CC!  Inspiring accomplishment. 
Congratulations!  
Congratulations. That's wonderful. Sending best wishes to you;-)
Congratulations CC!! Many kind thanks to you for the encouragement support wisdom and friendship. I appreciate all that you do for me and our community and I truly am very proud and happy for you. Have a wonderful day all day long in sober Cleveland! :)
Congrats CC! ..A great date to get sober as it is my soberversary as well though I did it 730 days later. 
**Bravo CC**
right ON!  Not drinking with YOU today!
Congrats!!! I know for myself I definitely look up to you and always listen when you reply or post. Thank YOU for coming here day after day and helping us newcomers.
Congratulations and thank you for being inspiring.
Congrats on your seven years and thanks for being here.  It always amazes me how you were able to overcome everything you went through and come back to sobriety after your relapse.
Amazing congrats CC!!
Oh my goodness seven years!! Congratulations and thank you for being such a wonderful ambassador for this sub for giving so much of your time to help so many including me. ..I'm going to join you to keep today sober no matter what happens good or bad!!..Have an awesome sober day CC   
You are such an inspiration to so many here (including me!) way to go!
Congrats CC!  You were my driving inspiration when I first found r/sd almost one year ago.  From the bottom of my heart thank you for being YOU!  
Congrats and well done!
Congrats CC! Thanks for everything you do!
Congratulations.  Your baby steps are making a difference to me.  Thank you! 
Congratulations CC. I will not drink with you TODAY!!!  Your comments posts and encouragements have helped newbies like me to start a wonderful sober lifestyle. 
congratulations coolcrosby on your achievement!!
Congratulations! And Thank you for staying around here and giving advice and encouragement to others.
Huzzah!! Great success! West side!!!
Congrats to you! You always have such inspiring words no matter if one is on day one or 10 years there is always something to learn from you. Thank you for being here. 
Congrats and thank you so much CC. You're an inspiration to a lot of people me included.
Congrats CC you were one of if not the first person to respond to my first post years ago. I always knew you would be  around to give me  words of encouragement when I needed it.  Happy 7 years!
[removed]
[removed]
Congratulations on your seven years. I saw this post offline on my flight home last night (from Ohio no less) so a bit of a belated reply...Thank you for all your sage advice and voice of experience. It has SO helpful to me to solidify my sobriety to longer term. Two of the most important things I've learned is not to give up and that sobriety needs to be maintained daily. Keep on being awesome.
