-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y6vyc/a_week_in_my_story_and_my_first_post_here/

Last Wednesday was my last drink and last drunk. Two days prior to that I was jumped in a bar by a couple of punks looking for a fight. Two weeks before that I almost lost my job as a branch manager for a large independent consulting/engineering firm. My drinking and the effects had been following me to work far too often. Sometimes I would leave for lunch and have a few tall boys before returning. I really thought I had everyone fooled about my problem. Even myself. I would typically drink between 12 and 18 beers a night- basically everything I had on hand minus two for the morning to soften the hangover. I was functioning.. or so I thought. .I've struggled for several years to get a handle on it and convinced myself that as long as I could abstain for a few days I was okay. I didn't have a problem. I'm a lucky one. I never got caught driving under the influence and I still have a job-though I'm under the watchful eye of my peers and regional manager. I lost the use of my company issued vehicle for personal use (one of the perks) which included insurance and gas/maintenance. I had it pretty good. In some sense I still do. I have a tall hill to climb to get out of this hole I've dug for myself. ..Some days have been easier than others of course. Yesterday I had a couple of triggers that made the desire so strong I almost bought a single beer to take the edge off. At this point in my addiction and based on my behavior over the past few weeks I realize I cannot have just one. It's just one on the first day. It's two on the second day then the guilt. Surrender comes next with the "promise" to myself that this is the last time and I go all out and make up for lost time. The cycle starts again until it begins getting in the way of daily life. ..What's different now. I've made myself accountable to people in any way I can. I bought a BAC analyzer in case there is ever any doubt. I speak with my unofficial sponsor every couple of days and alerted my immediate family about my problem. Needless to say they were not surprised. I learned of the acronym "CAGE" and realized I was the definition of someone with a serious problem. ..I'm looking at AA meetings (I've been before) but I've never felt like it was a fit for me at the locations I've been to. My Sober friend has given me other options that aren't really publicly listed. He's been a valuable resource and one I intend to take advantage of. ..So after a week I feel better. More like myself. I can think clearly and I'm able to accept the desire and move past it. I have many great things at stake that will almost certainly be lost if I continued on the path I was on. I do miss it. I miss my relationship with the people I drank with and the fun I had while drinking (bars). That sacrifice though pales in comparison to everything else I would be giving up. ..I know this is a long post. Honestly it's more for me as an outlet. I write in a journal somewhat frequently but I've always wondered what this would feel like. Someone reading my story as boring as it may be. I haven't lost what many people before me have but I do feel like I'm at "rock bottom" in terms of my self image reputation and pride. ..If you read this thank you. It feels good putting it out there. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you wrote this. I'm also glad you haven't lost as much as you could have lost. Still no need to compare. I heard a good one about that: "You hit bottom when you stop digging."..Welcome. Let's not drink today.
[removed]
hang in there.  you and i are on the same day... not drinking today together.
Good to have you with us.  Welcome aboard! ..Keep posting  it's a healthy thing to do and it will help to reach out when things get tough. ..I only posted for the first time recently.  I wish I'd done it sooner. ..We won't drink with you today! 
Congrats! You really should try and find a group you feel comfortable with. I had a kind of nasty bottom but 90 in 90 really saved me this time and it was because the group/setting was ideal. "'You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.' - Wayn Gretsky - Michael Scott"
All of our bottoms differ. But I think your own personal version of hell is your own. I certainly reached mine. It's scary. I also remember feeling that need for a drink just to deal with the anxiety. I have had those impulses though far less frequently throughout my sobriety. I get through them. You can too. Rebuilding your life is so empowering. People randomly telling you how rad you're doing feels so good. Getting your shit together is awesome. Definitely no regrets getting sober. Congrats on a week. It gets better!
Thank you all for the support. I hope to make it to a meeting sometime soon. I'm fortunate enough to have a pretty solid support system as most of my family has been through this on one side or another. Also a couple of lost friends have made it back into my life as sober people with a lot of sobriety under their belts. While I have them I know I need something else. I've been a lurker here for almost two years and have seen (read) the positive influences and the success stories attributed to this subreddit. .I made it through another day yesterday so I have one more day to be proud of. I hope you all add another day to your numbers today as I will. 
