-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y70yf/tools_blogs_and_other_journaltype_writings_to/

Hello. This sub has been so good for me. But I realize that I need to do more. Some very helpful people replied to a post I put up last night. As a result I a have decided to seek outside help and have emails out to several substance abuse counselors that employ a variety of approaches. I'm still on the fence about AA (such a long story involving familial generations in the program). I've read almost all of This Naked Mind but I'm going to start from the beginning and read with more intention and critical thought because this time I'm not welcoming a relapse. One person that replied to my post said that there are blogs where people going through the day to day of staying sober write down their experiences? I would really appreciate some help finding those. Lots of other things I'm going to do including starting a journal of my own after I am further out of this depression.  I've been taking anti-depressants for years but that's not what this one is all about. Maybe after a while sober I can think of getting off of them. Finally because I am serious this time I'm going to show my husband my past and recent posts and feedback I've gotten as well as direct him to some of the more informative posts about the inability to moderate. He is a true social drinker and cannot understand the inability not to stop. Again any advice that anyone has for both me and my husband is welcome. He has been very patient with me but we both need help for our respective issues. Thank you everyone that posts here and that wants to make their lives better. I'm not drinking today. Fuck you alcohol. You are a lying bitch. I'm over you. 
----------immediate responses--------

If you google  "list of 25 recovery blogs" you will find a recent list which would be a good start to find some blogs you might like.  Plus if you do find one they often link to dozens more in the sidebar usually under "Blogs I follow" or something like that.  
[removed]
Not exactly what you're looking for but --..When I started this journey (I tapered for a couple weeks prior to quitting) I started writing my own journal.  It's been a combination of an action plan with a sprinkling of how I feel about the results.  It's been very cathartic to say the least.  
Start with Hip Sobriety and go from there. 
