-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4y78fv/he_was_only_41/

A friend of a friend died last week. He was only 41...I didn't know him so I don't know all of the details of his addiction/recovery but here's the tl;dr: alcoholic. Goes into rehab. Sober for a year. Relapses. Tries to get into rehab again but is denied; given a prescription for benzos instead. Takes benzos continues drinking. Dies...For some reason even though we never met I can't stop thinking about him and how desperate he probably felt at the end...That fellow sobernauts is my motivation not to pick up a drink today. He was only 41.
----------immediate responses--------

I know of a couple of friends of friends who also died in their early 40s due to alcohol...As a fella once said "This shit kills"...Be careful out there folks.....I'll not drink with you today.
Thanks for sharing. This is what more of us problem drinkers need to understand. For those of us who can't control how much we drink we slowly kill ourselves.
I'm sorry this happened. This is very sad.
Ugh. My best friend's brother recently died at 37. I'm 35. This stuff is scary.
[deleted]
My best friend just died at 28 from liver failure I've been absolutely devastated from it.
I think about a friend of mine Minneapolis Max all the time He died about 4 years ago but nobody had seen him for two years before that. He was barely 40 but his liver and kidneys just gave up. He had moved back to Minn. a while before but we all met up at his favorite bar for a memorial and got wasted in his honor. I hate thinking about that now and it's not how I want people to remember me...
Sorry to hear about that. Benzos and alcohol are so dangerous 
My half-brother died at age 41 when he had a heart attack. The coroner listed alcoholism among causes of death. He had a two year old daughter that he adored. It is so unbelievably sad to think that someone with so much to live for essentially killed himself.
I'm so sorry about your friend. :(
This could easily have been me. Detoxes at 40 sober just over a year now. Grateful that you shared this so I can remind myself what could happen if I ceased doing the work that keeps me from picking up that one drink again. ..Thanks for sharing.
[deleted]
I wound up crying like a child the other night when I realized that alcohol killed a dear friend of mine a few years back.  Technically she either fell or jumped off the roof of her building but now that I'm 58 days in I had this sudden realization that she was dying regardless... Sad.  Sorry about your friends friend.
It's crazy how no body really knows how damaging alcohol can be to us...I believe it's the most dangerous drug in the world not only because of what it does to the body and mind but also how widespread and deceptive it is. 
So sorry to hear this.   ..Yes this is motivation for all of us to continue on this sober healthy journey!
OMG he is a few years younger than me. More motivation for us to stay sober. 
My sister's ex-bf died from addiction. 37. They found his lifeless body on the street in New Orleans. His parents didn't get notified until 2 months later because no one knew who he was...I'm not drinking today.
