-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4yab7w/remember_that_you_are_loved_3/

My partner lost a very good friend to depression today. She took her own life. She was 29. ..I was just sitting next to said friend at dinner less than 2 weeks ago. I hugged her. I made her laugh with some corny joke. Now she's gone. ..I know a lot of us drinkers & ex-drinkers struggle with depression. I certainly do. We also can tend to be isolated and feel lonely. ..I guess I just want to say that we're all a little family and we're all here for each other. No one here is alone or unloved. Please please please ask for help if you feel really sad. ..I want all of you to be happy and healthy and to succeed at staying sober. ..That is all. I won't drink with y'all for another 24 hours. Goodnight.   .
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry for your pain. Thank you for this post it's really helpful to hear that you are loved and someone does care. Cause like you said sometimes we feel lonely. Half to know someone is there   Much love! 
Nice****
&gt;we're all a little family and we're all here for each other..Amen to that.
thank you so much for your post. i was just struggling today and thinking where do i fit in where am i accepted. .....I am deeply saddened by your loss. 
Thank you. My condolences to you and your partner. It's so very sad.
That really helped.. I'm feeling a bit lonely tonight..Thanks!
I'm so sorry to hear this sad news. Thank you so much for reinforcing the fact that we are a little family here and we're all here for each other. I never want anyone here to feel unsupported or unloved! I'm going to make an extra effort to be as encouraging and supportive as I can be..because who knows..maybe one of my posts or replies will be just what someone here needs as a pick-me-up or just a message to let you all know that I'm here for you. ..Sending warm internet hugs to you and your partner xo.
I'm so sorry about your friend. Be well my friend and thanks for the reminder. You're loved too!
needed this today thank you.
   
I'm sorry for your loss. Also I needed to hear that I was loved today. Thank you.
I am so sorry to read this. Sending thoughts of healing your way. Thank you very much for your post.
&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
