-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ykahb/relapsed_yesterday_needing_some/

Hello unfortunately my previous confidence with sobriety came to a stuttering halt relatively quickly yesterday. As much as I regret it I can't stop thinking about drinking. And my mind is throwing me a "well what's one more day? You can quit tomorrow!" Endless loop.  I want to drink way more than I don't want to but I know that regardless of that I NEED to stop drinking. ..Anybody have some words of motivation or suggestions to keep my mind busy so that I don't make a beeline to the liquor store after work?..It'd really help me out..Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to see your back so soon.  I commend you on your honesty.  Maybe try and think of something to do after work to distract you from drinking.  Take a hike go get some dinner and a movie just stay away from alcohol at all costs.  Good luck my friend you can do this!
I needed some substitutes -- fizzy water and a lot of candy -- for alcohol the first week or two. I also needed to fill the time in the evenings (5-8pm generally) with activities to distract me. Finally it really did help me to be vocal about my intentions to stop drinking. I had someone looking out for me who was there if I needed to vent or cry. Good luck it's a white knuckle experience at first no way around that but it DOES get easier. 
I did whatever I needed to do to not drink each day in the beginning.  Like you it was an endless internal discussion about whether to drink or not and for years I played the same game where I was going to quit tomorrow so may as well drink today.   Always excusing and rationalizing my addiction.  Wake up earlier than I wanted to feeling anxious and best and hungover at worst.  I am not drinking again.  Come 3pm to 5pm hmmm do I really want to quit today?  Nah today is perfect enough so let me only have four shots tonight to get a buzz and get rid of the cravings and help me sleep so I can really quit tomorrow.  An hour later well since I am quitting tomorrow and these four feel good I may as well have some more and the cycle continued...Unfortunately the only way I worked myself through that loop was to not give in no matter what.  Joining SD was invaluable because it made me accountable to others similarly situated it educated me tremendously learning from other's experience and successes and failures and it killed time since I wasn't drinking while on here.  Eventually over time the inner dialogue went dormant and I no longer desire a drink let alone think about having one.  Oh a good resource for me for dealing with my inner dialogue was Jack Trimpey's addictive voice recognition technique (AVRT).  If you google it he has a crash course on how to use it...Good luck.
"well what's one more day?"..Exactly. I spent enough years drinking that when I tried (multiple times) to stay sober the argument that often helped me stay sober was "what's one more day" of sobriety? I spent years drinking. I won't have missed out by *not* drinking. I might get bored but I can handle that. What's one more day without regrets?  What was one more day I knew I'd get a good night sleep? One more day of sobriety when I really wanted to drink ended up being a deposit instead of a withdrawal...Like a dollar it doesn't hurt much to lose and doesn't mean much to gain. You can't do much with a dollar.  So I can throw away a dollar every day and have nothing in a year. Or I can stick a dollar away every day and forget about it and have a nice little chunk I can do something with at the end of the year.  Sobriety works a lot the same way for me. One more day of sobriety may not be what I want to do but it doesn't hurt too much to power through *just one more day*.  I can drink tomorrow if I **really** still want to. For me a year later I'm glad I have those sober days.  They are so much more valuable to me than the time I would have had drinking.  Sometimes it just takes some time to see the value accumulate.  
I would try flipping the 'You can quit tomorrow' thought into 'You can drink tomorrow' instead. ..Every one of us doesn't drink just for today. If you can manage that you might decide to do similar tomorrow morning.....I'll not drink with you today.
I was in such a desperate place when I decided to quit drinking. I was disgusted and I didn't know if sobriety would make life better but I was certain that getting drunk would keep making it worse. I just kept finding opportunities to roll the dice on losing all the good things in my life (as well as losing my actual life!) -- I knew that game had to end. ..After I quit drinking I started filling my empty evenings with AA meetings and stayed out of the house (shopping going for walks etc). Then I would come home around 9:00 with takeout dinners and ice cream and watch Netflix. That has worked for me. Going to AA has helped in several ways -- not least of which is giving me a space to clear my mind after a shitty day at work.
Stay strong!..How about going to a meeting?  There's fellowship support and tools available.  It helped get over the cravings in the early days.
The only day you can choose not to drink is today. By the time you have a choice to make tomorrow never really comes. What you call tomorrow is a theoretical today. I didn't realize that until drinking took over my life and shattered my home. ..You can do this! ..What I do with unwanted thoughts is try to notice them as just thoughts not a part of me. "Oh that's a desire to drink." Rather than fighting the thought I stop trying to control it. I sit with it. I observe it as long as it takes to pass doing breathing and visualization exercises to keep my body calm. And then when the feeling passes I go do something that will serve my values in life.
I don't want to be one of those pushy AA people but meetings are the main thing that's kept me sober this long. When I feel like drinking I have my chip to hold to remind me of how far I've come. I have my sponsor to text. And I always go to the 6:00 meeting right after work which keeps me out of the liquor store. By the time the meeting is over I feel good and I can go home to my nice dry house and crack open a can of La Croix and pet my dogs. :) ..Edit: I should add that another thought that helped me in the early days was "just get through the next 30 minutes sober." And I'd watch the clock. When those 30 minutes were up I'd say it again: "Just get through the next 30 minutes sober." And repeat until the craving had passed. Eventually I could go up to an hour. I still have to do this sometimes! 
[deleted]
