-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4yzzn9/new_to_reddit_and_to_sobriety_only_36days/

Hi guys and girls .Just wanted to post in here and try and join in on some of the discussions that are happening. As you can see by my subject I'm only new to reddit and sobriety. I have had 36days sober I don't even know what an 'alcoholic' is really defined as per say but I was drinking huge quantities 3-4 times per week. All to try and feel and fix lifes problems. I've concluded that it doesn't work :).  I have been really struggling to do this ay I didn't think it would be half as hard as I've found it - i figured one day I'd just stop drinking and well I have but it's a daily struggle!..Anyways I don't want to take up too much of people's time if you've read this far thanks it's nice to share with people with similar issues. ..:). 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing with us. Cutting alcohol out of my life was the best decision I ever made I am glad you are seeing the benefits of sobriety too!..Many people find that starting their day with the daily check in gives them an extra bit of motivation to get through those touhh days. Perhaps it will help you too. Keep up the great work!
I got to 37 days recently dipped my toe back in the pool of drinking found out it was toxic again and now am on day 3.  So if you want I agree not to drink with you today!  Onward and upward!
Take up our time! It's why we are here! And you did this very right; not to worry. Congrats on the 36! I will not drink with you today     
Wow this is great thanks for the comments and encouragement. I am getting the hang of this thing now. I'm not too technological challenged just this layout has me going a bit.  As I type this I'm not sure if it's going to go in the right place or if it's going to start a new thread so we'll see on that one :). ..Looking forward I'm glad I found this forum people have already shown how good it is I look forward to checking in and see what people have written each day. ..Blurry I must say I like your writing - reads well and I enjoy the interpreted tone I take when reading it! ..Onward and upwards! 
Well done you great to hear from you and looking forward to hearing more from you. :) 
Welcome. This is a great group and support. This community helped me to realize I'd become an alcoholic and supported/supports me in my recovery. ..Becoming sober is one of the best things I've ever done and has improved my life in so many ways.  
I wouldn't say "only" those first months were a bear for me if anything it is an exceptional 36 days ;-)
Welcome! I'm relatively new as well but I recommend you post everyday on the check-in threads. That's how I start most days and you'd be surprised how much it can help you. Best of luck! 
Keep it up! Happier Healthier Wealthier! 
Welcome!  Thank you for posting I am honored to be able to not drink with you!  You can get a badge that will show the number of sober days next to your name by following this link: http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/..This and more information is in the sidebar if you haven't read it yet.  
One day ahead of you. I'm not drinking with you today either. 
Welcome!  We're twins. :)..When I was in detox this guy with more sobriety than I have years in my life came on an AA commitment...He said this and it really stuck with me:  "Don't get wrapped up in whether or not you're an alcoholic.  Ask yourself 'Do I like what it does for me?'"..That really helped me get past that "Am I?  Or am I not?" stage.  I didn't like what it did for me so I decided to do my best to stop and stay stopped.
Welcome to this awesome Reddit community. You are definitely not alone in struggling at about a month of sobriety. Sometimes it's a daily struggle for me too. Getting sober has been the best decision of my life.
Welcome to reddit and r/stopdrinking. You can do this. 
If you're wondering if you're an alcoholic ask yourself two questions.  Am I powerless over alcohol?.Has my life become unmanageable?..I don't know how you feel about AA but if you answered yes to both questions you just completed the first AA step.  Whether or not you're labeled an alcoholic is really irrelevant if you need help.
It absolutely is a daily struggle to look at yourself in the mirror and promise you're going to live up to what you know you're capable of. I read in a book the other day that our greatest fear as humans isn't necessarily failure it's success. At least with failure you know the outcome. Success is a brand new thing you won't understand until you make it. ...I will not drink with you today. :)
Well I posted my days counter thing so I hope I've done it right - i don't know why but I'm looking forward to seeing that number up! Maybe it's the proud guy buried deep down lol. 
Welcome to reddit and the stop drinking community as a whole! Glad you're here and your posting helps keep the rest of us sober so keep up the good work.
Hang in there!
