-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4z3q7h/hello/

greetings fellow sober people. i am a lurker and relapser haven't really introduced myself but i am deeply grateful for this sub existing and have learned a lot from you in the year or so of reading here. i have been hovering all day too shy to post something but i really need to do everything differently this time so i am doing what makes me uncomfortable which in this case is reaching out to strangers on the internet for some kind of connection...i can't believe this is day 1 again. i have many thoughts about drinking relapse and things to do to make this time stick but i am very shaky and the keyboard feels like it's too small for my fingers so just this: ..my life is only manageable when i am not drinking. happiness is only possible when i am not drinking. that means no first drinks no "taking a break" from being sober no sober october or whatever short term challenge i decide on to justify starting up again just stopping today for now and then all the other days i am granted in this beautiful gift of a life.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm going through another Day 1 and I really miss the way my life was when I was sober...
Hey there I'm really glad you posted! I will not drink along side you tonight. One day at a time. I have been reading This Naked Mind and am finding it to be a very helpful and insightful book regarding my drinking. My be worth a check out.
Glad you came out of hiding. Hope you find the support that you need here. Best wishes to you on your journey to a healthier and happier life!
ooh hey there!  I lurked for a looooong time also.  I have found that going just a day at a time not drinking today has simplified it for me.  It's the one thing that's always at the top of my to do list and I cross it off every night.  ..I'm still depressed isolated avoidant and detached but now that I'm not drinking I can actually address that in therapy...So glad you're here totally not drinking with you today.
hello!..Do things different! So true and way to put it out there. ..I was just talking to my sponsor earlier about this because for me I would say: my life only has THE CHANCE of being manageable when I am not drinking. I learn from other alcoholics who have success with sobriety how to deal with life sober and the feelings that eventually come when I put the drink down. That is how/when I really become free from alcohol and my unhealthy relationship with it...Thank you for sharing and good luck! :)
Hello and welcome to SD. Look at you huh...engaging with sobernauts on here. Great start. Sending you best wishes and pledge not to drink with you today;-)
Hey and welcome out of lurkdom!! Glad you're here and looking forward to seeing you post a lot more now ;). We're here for you.
