-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4z42pd/will_the_urge_to_drink_ever_go_away/

I've been sober now for 7 months and still find myself struggling not to drink. When I was drinking it was because I loved getting drunk. I didn't drink to forget anything or anyone I drank because I simply loved to drink. I don't have any alcohol in my house. My husband even quit drinking to support me (he's the best) and I don't hang out with drinkers or go anywhere where alcohol is served. Yet I still find myself struggling not to go to the store to buy vodka.  I certainly do not miss all the hair that I would lose while drinking or the red splotches on my face that I would have to cover with make-up. I don't miss the daily self loathing. My body no longer craves alcohol but mentally it is still a struggle. I have found myself mentally trying to bargain with myself thinking "oh one time won't hurt" but I know as soon as I relapse it will be even harder to quit again. I don't want to go back to the old drunk me but it is hard to turn off that nagging voice inside my head. Does the mental struggle with alcohol get better or am I going to find myself struggling for the rest of my life?
----------immediate responses--------

My urges have completely gone away. I just /don't/ drink now. They were pretty much gone for me around 6 months but it's different for everyone. I had came to terms that my life was immensely better off with me not drinking ever again and I took comfort in similar things that you mention. ..Not having the blotchy skin(yes im a guy but it was still horrible to deal with) the shaking hands the SELF LOATHING omg the self loathing is gone and so many other things that I don't have to worry about now that I'm okay with not drinking any more. The emotional balance that came after quitting was worth it all the physical improvements were just secondary to me. ..I had to do quite a bit of emotional searching and thinking crying raging posting here but I know 100% that booze and me don't get along and that's fine with me. I used those same feelings about knowing how much harder it would be to stop again to keep me going. My own nagging voice died out after a while. Hang in there :)..It got better for me. Way way better...
No urges for years really. Therapy and working the steps of AA made all the difference for me. Something is a amiss. Perhaps you should see a doctor. Maybe it's depression. I don't know but seeing a professional might be a good idea. 
My urges have gone away for now at least. I think that I'm done with alcohol. ..Here's something from Marc Lewis' book about recovered addicts: "Having overcome their addictions by dint of hard work intense self-examination and the courage and capacity to regrow their perspectives (and their synapses) they'd rather see themselves as having developed through addiction and become stronger as a result."..I think there's an important lesson about knowing oneself (self-examination) and changing one's perspective. It goes beyond just stopping.
Yes. But they come back too.
Yes but I have found that getting and staying sober is more than just putting the drink down.
Yeah it does but I found it requires just accepting not drinking. And remember we are choosing not to drink and not being forced to. 
The urges have gone away completely for me but it took more than just not drinking for that to happen (which pissed me off to no end by the way!)..As much as I fought it and didn't want to believe it would help going to regular recovery meetings (AA for me) talking to a sponsor and working the 12 steps seemed to take away my cravings. They diminished a lot at 60 days and almost entirely by 8 months. ..Can I be sure that they wouldn't have gone away on their own after six months or a year? Definitely not. But I have seen a lot of other people who drank the way that I did not do those things and have trouble with cravings and urges. So while it's hard for me to be sure I have the evidence I need that this particular path works for me - and I plan on sticking to it.
The first time I got sober I was fighting the entire time. Eleven months of constant fighting with the urge to drink the urge to self-destruct anxiety and depression...Something changed after my bender in May. Twenty fucking days of non-stop drinking screwing up my career losing the place I was staying in five days of nasty withdrawal etc...I can't tell you what changed in me. I still don't know and I've examined it repeatedly. I was just done. The drinking was over. The first couple of weeks was a bit harder than it is right now and once in awhile I get the idea in my head but it's stupid and passes quickly...Something changed for me. I'm mostly at peace with pretty much everything for the first time in my life and it's cool as hell.
Look into Naltrexone. I've had long periods of sobriety but thought about drinking. The first day of Naltrexone felt lile somebody turned the volume way down on a noise I didn't know was there. It's completely changed my life.
[removed]
I still have urges to drink after 14 months sober. The good news is that they are less frequent and usually less powerful.  ..It gets easier. It gets much better. Hang in there. 
Thank you so much everyone for your comments. They have all helped a lot. I never thought that quitting and staying sober was more than just not drinking.  I think after reading everyone's comments my next step should be to take a close self-examination of myself. I'll be honest I'm not looking forward an emotional self-examination but I think it may be necessary. Thank you all again for your words and support. They really have meant a lot to me.
