-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4z4m6b/day_56_im_ready_to_suffer_and_im_ready_to/

Hi everyone!  I missed you.  Weekends are busy in the service industry so just getting a chance to post.  I think I'll keep it up until the week mark.  I'm confused as to what day I am on because I think my badge is suppose to say at least 5 as of this afternoon but not matter.  I'll stay in week one as long as I get to that "7".  I hear it's the hardest week anyways so the stronger I am coming out of it the better...So in my last post I updated everyone about how my first day back to work had gone well.  That was Friday.  Saturday at work went fine as well.  Sunday not so much.  I was faced with an interpersonal issue with one of my co-workers/friends.  I had been avoiding them since my kind of melt-down after my last binge and I pretty much disappeared from life.  Not to go into too much detail but my anxiety/emotions went flippin haywire when I got to work on Sunday.  I felt like running out of work and never returning which I might have in my previous life...But after two successful days back at work and my emotions being so stable from not drinking I was able to get through it.  I talked with one very close friend at work and laid everything on the table.  Previously I would have held everything in out of shame/embarrassment.  I took a few minutes and space to myself. I went on SD and read some positive feedback I had gotten.  I made an effort to eat something awesome during my break.  ..Due to being able to cope with my emotions well I was able to bounce back and actually have a fantastic rest of the shift despite it being crazy busy.  I don't feel like I would have been able to do that previously.  By the end of the shift I had a pounding headache.  I wanted to drink.  Instead I got a new cereal (special K with red berries) and double stuffed golden oreos.  I drank some of my n/a champagne.  I went to bed and slept well...I have had a couple of serious cravings the past couple of days.  While at the hairdresser's the other day I mentioned I was a bartender.  I was asked what my favorite drink to make was and the salon employees started taking about their favorite drinks.  This was my first public conversation about alcohol since starting sobriety.  When the employees talked about alcohol I got this weird sudden surge in my stomach of "I want alcohol".  It was so jolting and involuntary and then a sense of mourning knowing I can no longer drink alcohol.  Then while at my first day back to work I tended bar.  I made drinks opened wine poured beer and smelled all of it.  Being around it wasn't as bad as I imagined but desire was still there.  Then tonight I made an extra martini by mistake my favorite kind at the restaurant.  I immediately thought "oh I'll just drink that after work so it doesn't go to waste".  I had to stop myself and say to myself "no you will not be doing that.  You will be going home and drinking your n/a wine an extra drink is not your problem"...I share these things in hopes to help others struggle who read these posts.  I know they can be long but relating to these small details experiences of one another is so helpful.  Anyways like I said will keep up the posts for a couple of more days until I make that week mark...don't want to over expose myself :P  ..Shout out to all the college kids going back to school...that s*hit can be real tough.  Remember to come call on all of us at SD if you need to :)  The rest of you remember that I and the entire SD community is always thinking of you and here when you need us...The quote from my post title is from one of my all time favorite songs "Shake it Out" by Florence and the Machine. In the past I have identified "the devil" as whatever issue I was coping with at the time mainly an ex.  But listening to this song again I realize that "the devil" for me has primarily been alcohol.  Give it a listen :)..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbN0nX61rIs..Love .butt_dance
----------immediate responses--------

I love Florence and the machine! 
I still get that weird stomach lurch when I suddenly get hit with a craving. Sometime my mouth waters   lol its so gross that I would discover "mouth watering" was actually a thing but instead of craving delicious food I was craving ...booze. I get the physical symptoms I let them pass and then I look back on them later happy to get past them. Great job getting through your first week. I know how hard service industry is I tended bar until recently for years. You're doing a great job!
This song always makes me emotional!."And I am done with my graceless heart so tonight I'm gonna shut it off and then restart"....I love it so much. ..It has new meaning now!
Thanks for posting!..I don't necessarily crave alcohol rather my brain tries constantly to find a reason to drink. Find someway to lie to me about it being ok "just this once..."..Well I guess it's not my brain but rather my addiction talking...I'm so done with trying to regulate my drinking I can't do it... ..Also LOVE Florence and the Machine so good!..I won't drink with you today!
