-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zb4zz/this_week_is_turning_into_a_struggle/

I feel like I'm fighting to stay on track this week. 22 days in.  The previous longest I have gone sober in the last 25 years is 27 days. I'm getting really antsy as I approach that milestone...I deliberately haven't set a target. Just taking it one day at a time. I'm even telling myself that I can drink again but I am just choosing not too...Whether it's the weather something else I am craving a beer badly this week. Am staying over in London tonight with my partner as work engagements means we are in the same city away from home and the kids and I know that a hot evening in town will mean me wanting to grab a drink on the South Bank...Perhaps the pink cloud is fading and I can't get my head in or over the hum-drum of every day life without a drink? ..I'm loving being sober. I've started running again. I adore the feeling of waking up without a hang-over without needing to walk to work or get the bus as I won't get in the car if I think there is any risk I might be over the limit. ..And yet.....I can't shake the feeling of wanting and needing a drink...Thanks to all on this sub. Wouldn't have made it this far without reading digesting and posting on the daily check-in.
----------immediate responses--------

Ginger ale and lime (with ice!) hits a lot of the same buttons for me when it's warm and I want something satisfying. Plus it doesn't leave a sour aftertaste or mess with my perceptions. I can imagine sitting on the South Bank in the sun watching the water and the people and savouring the cool iced drink in my hand. Why see that through the filter of booze? ..You can do this!
Thank you. I love Ginger Ale.
I like that you said "I'm loving being sober." Since we can't have both sobriety and a drink we have to decide which is preferable. For me the craving usually passes and if I have trouble with it then I try to snag some junk food to help me out. ..I will not drink with you today.
How about sparkling water with a few dashes of bitters (yes it has some alcohol in it but it works for me).  Many may feel that is cheating so excuse me if it offends anybody truly.
Thanks all. Well that worked well...It was a hot sticky day in London. But I got through it...My last meeting of the day was at Waterloo with an ex-colleague and friend who I would normally have a beer with but we adjourned to have coffee or in my case a sparkling water...Then went out for dinner with my partner.  First thing to say was I was slightly worried - we ate in a place we've been going to on occasion for 15 years.  It's a pub/bistro/restaurant.  I know and get the adage of you go the barbers you end up with a haircut...Predictably as soon as we arrived the wine list was thrust towards us.  I ordered a Ginger Ale with lime a Ginger Beer with lemon turned up but I rolled with it.  My partner who is absolutely delighted to see me abstaining from alcohol ordered a lime and soda in solidarity...The food was awful. The place has gone seriously downhill. I ate very little of my main course and actually complained when they asked for feedback. Normally would have avoided that situation...We finished the sub-standard meal with a bottle of sparkling water between us and headed back to the hotel by 2030 dodging the thundery rain...Crashed watching the TV and reading. Asleep by 2200 and woke this morning refreshed and sober...Still loving being sober.  ..Next big step going to the football at the weekend with a friend down from London who will be expecting a beer or three pre-match.  ..Not drinking today.
