-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zhnj6/how_can_i_do_it/

I don't know how some of you guys do it. I know it's a struggle for all of us but for me it's the nights and mornings that get me. I can't sleep at night so I end up pounding shots until I pass out. Then I wake up not even with a hangover anymore but with this ungodly tiredness and guilt because I stayed up drinking until 5AM. This leads me to drink a bit (4 or 5 beers) to get me back to being able to feel like I can function without passing out. Sometimes I have to work at 9 in the morning and I do go to work but if I have had one of these benders the night before I just want to die the entire time I'm at work. I have a self control problem obviously. But I can't stop it. Less than a year ago I stayed up drinking 24 hours and went to work. I had a seizure on the job and went to the hospital. Nothing so extreme has happened since then but Every now and then I get the same feeling I did that day when I had the seizure a sort of light headed disoriented and disassociated feeling. I just want it to stop. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me in the very beginning it was an hour by hour commitment. Eventually I could commit to not drinking for the entire day...With a history of having had a seizure I would want to talk to my doctor. Not only as a precaution but there is medication that can help during the withdrawals...There are also programs that can help. AA Smart Recovery one on one counseling intensive outpatient...You can find a list of resources over in the sidebar. Also over there is a link to a free book called *This Naked Brain*. This book was a game changer for me and I cannot recommend it enough. Also checking in here daily has been a huge part of my recovery...I'm not drinking today. Join me?..
I had to break my patterns and habits.  I drank wine at night.  Sounds like evenings are a pattern for you...Here's what I did: went to a meeting right after work.  Exercised.  Ate dinner and went to an 8:00 pm meeting.  Came home and went to bed...Did that for the first few weeks to break my "old" patterns...I've not looked back or had a single regret...Whadda ya think?
Here is a book that I am reading right now called This Naked Mind i have found it to be pretty helpful these past 5 days. https://is.gd/tnmsd 
It can be tough. There were three things I had to really accept. The first was the basic fact that if I wanted the cycle to stop then I could not drink again ever period. Second I was not exempt from feeling the pain and discomfort involved with the quitting process. It was going to suck for a bit but every suck feeling was also a sign that I was finally healing. Third all the sucky parts were caused by the previous drinking not the current sobriety. Did I really want to keep drinking which kept me trapped in that prison? 
You CAN do it. What helped me stop drinking was reading "Stop Drinking Now" by Alan Carr but everyone has to figure out for themselves what will help them stop. Personallly I had to realize that drinking had absolutely no positive effects on my life and only negative...Be patient and compassionate with yourself and keep looking for resources to help you stop whether that be a book AA meetings therapy yoga or something else. Best of luck
I finally had to accept I was an alcoholic and had no control of my drinking. Understanding that made recovery possible. 
[deleted]
That sounds really serious...&gt;I just want to die the entire time I'm at work...I remember this feeling so well.  It's horrible....I took a 3 step approach.  I went to my Dr and was honest about my alcoholism I entered therapy and began working an AA program....That was over 3 years ago and I don't miss it at all.
