-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zjez5/rounding_the_one_week_bend_and_having_a_rough_time/

I feel really good about having almost a week under my belt.  I feel generally healthier but I'm having a really difficult time right now in general.  I met my new psychiatrist Tuesday and really didn't like her.  I moved recently which was the cause of the change.  She immediately shut me down saying she never knew a person with bipolar disorder who was able to manage with one medication (which I have for a while now except for about one month at the beginning of last year to get through a particularly difficult time).  She also prescribed me a new medication to help me sleep at night which made me feel like shit the next day all day so fuck that.  And wants to get me off of klonopin because it's addictive and you aren't supposed to take it long term blah blah.  I've been pretty well stable for a while now some breakthrough depression and anxiety which I think is hormone-related tbh.  So now with this person telling me my regimen is all wrong and stuff I feel a little uneasy and have lost some confidence.  ..Aside from that being in a new town is nice and all but I'm really bored with my job.  It pays the bills and then some.  But I'm going back to school to start over and try something different (Nursing) which is another good reason to push through and stay sober.  ..On top of school and work I'm trying to find myself a niche to build a social life.  I've been here a month and a half and still feel pretty lonely.  I've been casually dating a really amazing girl for a few weeks now.  But if you've ever had a friend working on writing their dissertation you know they don't have much time to spend in person.  I lose hope sometimes but she's so great I always convince myself it's worth it to hang in there and see how it plays out.  ..All this stress is really getting to me.  Exhausted yet bored at the same time (boredom is a huge reason why I drink) lonely and isolated and just generally trying to make a new life for myself.  I'm so new to sobriety and I'm struggling to fill the void that I used to fill with alcohol.  
----------immediate responses--------

I know how difficult it can be to find a new psychiatrist when you have a chronic condition. I have ADHD and depression. She is right about being concerned about klonopin; it is addictive and no one should be taking this long-term. ..Loneliness was one of the reasons I went to AA meetings. I met people who understood and who gave me support and guidance. I got a sponsor and made sober friends. I also volunteered in my community took square dance lessons and joined a gym. Easy does it with a new relationship. Early on the most important relationship I needed to develop was the one with myself. ..I hope you find the support you need and deserve.
[removed]
I'm having the same issue filling the void lately.. Also if you don't like your therapist you have every right to find a new one if you don't agree with what she's telling you. 
