-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4znbvm/i_know_i_have_a_problem/

I'm Chris and I'm in college. I started off and honor student that tested out of most of my first year. Fast forward 5 years later and I am barely maintaining a 2.3 and have a solid year left. I work in an environment where everyone drinks and parties. I am friends with a fraternity here and they love "how much I tank." I let the girl of my dreams go for alcohol drugs sex and a selfish lifestyle. ..I've been drinking daily for the past 6 months now. I can't tell you the last time I felt awake or loved. I can tell you that even though I'm "fun" and popular that I always feel completely alone. Like I am always just a stranger in passing someone who stopped to warm themselves by the fire...My parents won't talk to me. Not for longer than a few minutes at a time. They know I have a problem but I've already gotten clean 3 times now every time a relapse...I keep finding myself in the Undertow asking how the hell I got swept back up...I haven't touched hard drugs in a few years and I quit smoking last December. ..I was clean in January and February. ..I went to a party last night making it the 6th in the past 10 days. Move in night was last night so how I could I say no...I know euphoria. I know the promised illusion of happiness that it brings. I know myself. I know I have a problem. ..I woke up today completely foggy had some coffee and some food. I went to lay down because there was no way I could face my day feeling as guilty and weak as I was. I vomited uncontrollably for a few moments and realized I had to pay rent today but was too sick to leave my house...Tonight I am sober. I know I want to keep it this way. I want control over my demons. I want to feel alive. I want to love my life and myself. And I will I have to...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so glad you posted! Sobriety is difficult. But I found that it got easier the more supports I built and the more sober time I accomplished. One day at a time.
Hey welcome aboard mate and well done for kicking the drugs and smokes- No small task. Sobriety is such a great gift to yourself. Good to have you here!
Hey all you have to do is not drink just don't drink today. ..Then when you have strung some days together you can work on all the other stuff at your own pace. Easy does it but do it. You will find that a lot of you comes back after some sobriety and then there is parts that really need working on. Dont get overwhelmed...Keep coming back here it helps immensely. It gets worse initially and then slowly but surely gets better. ..Good luck. 
I was able to "get control" by doing some simple actions which I lay out in a post at this [link called the Baby Steps.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  I hope you find something there that is helpful to you.
Glad you're here...Environment is tough in college...There are meetings and support groups on many college campus or in the towns for just these reasons...Been to any meetings?..Been to the health clinic on campus?  You're already paying for it!
You don't have to be THAT GUY.  The one that can do the most shots.  Or slams the most beers.  You can be the guy that drives the drunks home.  Or the guy with the good grades.  Or the guy with the promising future.  Or the guy that has his shit together.  You just have to choose it.
Hi Chris - I look back and have to recall how sick I was when drinking the night time sweats the awakening @ 4 am sick as the dehydration  the headaches and the anxiety. The only time I felt ok was having those first two beers a very narrow window of time. ..Today if I woke up like that I would call a fucking doctor as that is simply not normal. It's not normal to continually poison yourself be sick and then start doing it again! ..I decided to stop it's a process however it is also my now normal and I wouldn't trade spots with that sick person even if paid.
Hey Chris...I'm a little late but wanted to comment. Thanks for sharing your story I can relate it in many ways.  I think you are a strong and courageous person for taking this step in college.  I think the social pressure in college is half the battle. You don't want to be left out and branded as "lame" so way to be. This site saved my life no exaggeration...and it's only been 8 days for me.  Check out the other awesome tools on the sidebar...the book The Naked mind free to download is fantastic.  I also really like the IRC chat which allows you to chat live with SD members around the world.  You can do this and I am not drinking with you today. Good luck!! :)
Well written. I told myself my drinking would get better after college and used being a college student as an excuse to drink all the time. Of course it was all a lie as things did not get better after college they got much worse. Getting close to a year sober and really excited about it. Its been the hardest thing I have done in my life but it is definitely worth it. ..I realized I have never really been happy with myself and used alcohol as a way to gain self confidence. I still have some mental issues to work out and my life is definitely not perfect but it is much more manageable now that I am sober. Good luck stay strong one day at a time!
Welcome Chris!..I commend you for being honest with yourself and for sharing. College is a time where binge drinking and alcohol withdrawal almost seem "normal" so this insight you have gathered about your negative habits is amazing. ..Good news is that you never have to feel alone. You have this community of people fighting the same fight and who have felt the beauty of a sober life. ..I am in very early sobriety but I can tell you that from my experience my drinking habits in undergrad did not change when I graduated a couple of years ago. They got much worse. I wish I would have known that while I was still in college. ..Check in to SD as much as you can! It has helped me so much :)
