-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zrteo/almost_relapsed_at_day_40fought_through_it/

I about called it good and bought a 24 and an 8 ..At work we could have a drink and everyone had one and I had to sit there for an hour watching it and it just was intolerable I felt sick and almost had to leave but I made it and I can't believe it ..New to the sub ..Nice to meet y'all 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome you are awesome. Way to kick ass
Way to not go under! Nice to meet you too Ophelia!.
Good on you friend!
Thank you all :)
Beautiful Non-Drinking Victory!..Welcome Ophelia..so happy to have you on board! :) Congrats on 40 days. Keep hanging out here..it's going to be awesome!!
One mountain at a time.....Good for you
Good job.  We have badges if you're interesting.   They are silly little things that have kept me from drinking many a time. 
That is called a Non-Drinking Victory! Way to go.
One day at a time.  Congrats on another 24 hours
Good job. I believe more learning and progress is made by not relapsing than relapsing. I have relapsed on drugs many times and all I learned was that I had a drug problem. Not relapsing taught me that I could resist the pull of the drug. Like resistance training for muscles you get stronger and its easier. 
I probably wouldn't advise putting yourself in that situation on a regular basis however what I've found is that now you've done it once you'll find it easier to cope with next time...I can be around people getting pissed up without it bothering me now up to the point the atmosphere changes then I'm out of there...Good NDV I'll not drink with you today.
You should be proud of yourself mate. It's not easy.
Brilliant! Congrats on conquering the temptation and on joining the sub. Welcome.
Why didnt you leave?
Good job! 
Great!!!
Welcome and great job! Waking up today sober is your reward! ;) 
Yay good job!! Way to stay strong and get through it!  Thank for the inspiration and the knowledge that is CAN be done :)
Wow I can't believe all this support ..Thank you so much everyone. I felt so angry and pathetic and now I really feel like a winner and I'm having a great sober morning doing the things I love ..Thanks again. 6 weeks sober coming up tomorrow! 
Was it "work" or "team-past-time"?
