-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zrza5/i_nearly_fd_up/

I've struggled heavily with a mood disorder ever since i hit puberty. People with my condition are highly susceptible to addiction. Addiction has been a problem with me since my early 20's (am 34). I'm also extremely introverted but when i have booze in me I'm the life of a party. I know people say that because that's how they perceive it but i'll actually be a totally different gregarious hilarious singing stand up comedian...I had friends over last weekend to my cottage the first time these friends had seen me sober. That was causing anxiety in itself but i was also going through a depression which i would otherwise easily fix with booze. So i'm hosting and totally trapped in my head i keep checking my phone to see what time the liquor store is closing because this is total bullshit i can't be like this for my guests. I wasn't able to just tell myself no and be done with it like i usually do i felt completely out of control. I'm seeing the need to have a sponsor now to avoid these hellish situations because i was thinking in ways i hadn't in nearly 8 months. Justifications like you wouldn't believe. I'm in a jittery hell trapped in my head and this isn't the life i want for myself yada yada yada. We sat around the fire and i watched them get shit faced and turn into argumentative loud idiots. I played them a few songs then went to bed. The next day those feelings were completely gone. ..How close i came to just throwing 8 months away for a couple hours of bullshit i wouldn't have enjoyed anyway. I need to remind myself that 8 months ago i was a shaky mess who couldn't even look people in the eye anymore never mind having conversation topics picked out in my head good posture confidence things i had been lacking for nearly a decade! ..I guess what i want to say is be very aware of the positives you have now every day as a result of sobriety that you once didn't think were even possible for you in this lifetime. If you're feeling down let it go and get through to another morning because these emotions we feel trapped in for a seeming eternity are as fleeting as wind carved patterns in the sand. I once used alcohol as that stopper that fixer i could always rely on when i could just use my innate human abilities to adapt to any situation and bend with the wind like those with my blood have done for thousands of years. If I'm in a shitty social situation I can always remove myself from it if I have to - that is easily explainable and to always keep a guarded thought that floats on top of all other thoughts that to choose to live is to choose not to drink and that's just a fact like any person who has to avoid certain things in order to be healthy. I used to think the alcohol had won when i quit. I don't even know how to coherently piece together that thought but i certainly did believe it to be true. It won because i'm too weak to drink it normally and moderate like everyone else. What a crock of shit. I feel like Rocky standing on the ropes bloodied to a pulp but my gloves hoisted in the air because fuck I did it I'm *doing* it. ..I was getting cocky since about 6 months. I didn't think i had as bad a problem as others do and i could just forget it ever even happened. These last few days i've been accepting the ongoing effort that is needed. Don't wait until you're tested like i was because i nearly lost it all just for a few hours of mindless anesthesia.  ..I'll be hanging out around here a lot more and wanted to really thank every person involved on this forum you're all saving so many lives you are unaware of. Every single post you make that might feel meaningless and lost in a sea of data is someone's lifeline. I decided i was going to die on the first day of this year. I read a post on here that resonated deeply with me and set me on this course. You might not love yourself today but by choosing to be sober you set in course an avalanche of life that is far more than just not picking up a drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

Very well said!  
glad you're still with us...My sponsor has helped through some moments no one else could have.
Thank you SO much for posting this. You may have just saved some of us from taking that drink!..Congratulations Mr. Balboa!! ;)
I love your phrase "emotions we feel trapped in for a seeming eternity are as fleeting as wind carved patterns in the sand." Beautiful. And so true!
