-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zv2ug/day_78_thank_you/

Hi everyone.My last daily post is titled the same as my first daily post.  I thought it only fitting as I am still eternally thankful to SD.  From that time until right now I feel like an entirely different person.  I feel like I have lived an entire year of my life.  It's not an exaggeration when I say that I feel like SD saved my life...I went from broken anxious depressed and scared to happy peaceful confident and hopeful.  I went from feeling my life slipping away from me to excitedly making plans for my future. If any one of you is doubting your self worth know that you have made a huge impact in at least one person's life...mine...I am struggling now more than ever with cravings.  Now that I am past the worst parts of withdraw my brain is conveniently trying to let fade the worst feelings and memories of my drinking days much to my annoyance.  Thanks brain.  Thanks a lot.  I am having lots of dreams where I decide to start drinking again and they are quite stressful and I wake up unsettled...I also feel like everyone on SD are the only ones in on the secrets of alcohol and that people who know I am not drinking are judging me.  And that I had to stop drinking because I am a weak person or something.  Now they have not said this out loud but ya'll know what I'm talking about.  Or they think I just am not drinking for a few days.  Nah...sorry this is for life...Also now when I'm around people that drink I have the fleeting thought of oh man I'd be so much more fun if I were drinking.  But then my brain comes back to it's senses.  No. You just think you were more fun because you were drunk.  You were probably just annoying actually.  ..I have a little trick when my brain in not cooperating or I'm hit with a bad craving.  I think of alcohol as heroine.  Alcohol is a drug and these things come up because it's a legalized drug.  In that way it is much harder to get away from but I must always remember the grave danger in abusing alcohol...Has anyone seen the movie Coraline?  You know the evil mother in the story?  As first she seems ideal and everything that the real life mom is not.  The evil mother at first is perfect and makes everything better.  Over time though the evil mother's facade begins to crack.  She begins to control Coraline and eventually is exposed for the evil dangerous monster that she is.  The evil mother is a perfect analogy to alcohol...I hope that everyone has a fantastic weekend and I am not drinking with you today.  Here are some song lyrics that sum out how I feel after a week of sobriety.  Hang in there everyone!.."You tried so hard to break me down like a fire-breathing dragon but I guess I took your crown. Cause I'm not weak I'm not broken I am bold/And the fire you put me through turned me into gold/I'm not done I'm no loser watch me take on my bright future." ~Ruth B..With lots of love..butt_dance
----------immediate responses--------

I am honored to not drink with you today
I'm glad you're here and it's posts like your's that inspire others.
I get angry with Madison Avenue and the industry that has promulgated a culture that celebrates a chemical compound that is at turns a disinfectant a cleaning agent a mild solvent a carcinogen a fuel and a poison.  I don't intend to ingest the toxic compound again!
Thanks for your post. I will not drink with you today! :)
