-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4zzb0d/so_much_free_time_and_nothing_seems_fun/

That's my biggest problem really!..I live alone with my pup and I don't have a car. I also work from home so as you can imagine I spend a LOT of time at home...Pre-alcoholism I had so many cool hobbies - I was a hobbiest game and 3d asset developer I read a ton I made loads of residual income just by doing things that I loved. Then the booze bug grabbed me for the past 5 years and now after a year of relapsing rehab losing friends cutting ties and moving states I'm finally regaining my sense of self and clarity...The problem is none of my old hobbies seem fun anymore. I often think of what I could do that day to take up my time and invariably my old hobbies come to mind. But I almost immediately dismiss them with a "nahhhh." I hate that! ..I REALLY want to take them back up again...Is there anything that I can do about it? Does it just take time? Should I force myself to start doing things I know that I used to enjoy again?..I'm trying to dive back into blogging - I have a game blog and started a personal blog and bought a camera to start blogging about my life in my new space but it has taken a back burner for now (I moved states back in January and am in a completely new area that I'm not at all familiar with though without a car exploring and doing new things is  challenging b/c no public transport). My game blog is over 2 years old now and was started in the midst of my alcoholism so while I do want to take it up again it falls into the brainspace of "meh" for me when I think about writing on it or even playing a video game...I dunno I guess I'm just curious how to go about getting back into the groove of things that I used to enjoy you know? I'd hate to think that the fun of them is lost on me forever. Is there some trick to it or should I just force myself to do it more and it'll eventually become fun again?
----------immediate responses--------

I think it takes time personally.  I'm 15 days in I still have this brain fog but it's clearing up ever so slowly.  I catch myself saying something witty and I think there's no way I could have thought that quickly a month ago.  My motivation for work is still low but it's coming back.  Walking / jogging is something I've taken up again and it's very addictive and I love it.  You can always take your puppy for a walk around town take some pictures and maybe meet a couple new people in the process.
Give it some time :) it OK to not want to do anything for a bit. Maybe this can be a time to find new hobbies
Me?  AA meetings.  I have formed so many great relationships with people in my recovery meetings--and it began with trying a lot of meetings in and around my area until I found the people I most connected with.
Good. I'm not the only one that feels this way.  Even though there are things here that I enjoyed doing a few months ago(without alcohol involved) I just can't find the motivation to pick them up right now.  
I couldn't focus on anything  didn't have the mind space to do anything yet was so bored  seriously I could barely stand myself. After just sitting down and consuming alcohol during all my free time I didn't know what to do. For a time I thought shit if this is it I might as well drown in a bottle at least I won't be bored! ..I used to enjoy reading so I tried reading a book ok so now I'm reading still bored so I thought in all the cool rehab movies I've watched they all do art therapy - I'll start oil painting so now I can read and churn out shitty oil paintings still bored! So then I started playing Pok mon - out and about in the fresh air planning places to visit to catch Pok mons. Notice my paintings not so shitty finished a book and grabbed another. ..Notice that what I chalked up to boring exchanges with others start being a little more interesting hey I've got some shit to talk about my latest oil painting based upon a cool photograph I took and how I leveled up while in the port town. ..I just started doing stuff.......
Working home can be depressing. I did it for a year and it was the darkest year of my life... even if I was not a drunk back then. I would suggest a coworking office. It can be cheap and a lot more fun. What you'll spend in money you'll gain it in productivity...I play team sports. You'll meet a lot of different people there and you'll get out of your comfort zone.
Music. Got to youtube and do some searches on kinds of music you like. Maybe even find some new stuff. Put on the headphones or crank the speakers and absorb it into your soul. ..Really works for me.
It does take some time but you will find fun in the same activities again or discover new ones. Hold on in there...Its just brain chemistry - give it time to adapt and it will build new "signal-response" mechanisms...As starters - do you exercise? Thats the easiest way in the early days to give yourself back that dopamine. ..As for hobbies - i started to like gaming and reading books again but discovered that my preferences shifted to other genres. Did you explore other things?
I'm past half a year and I still struggle with this. Haven't been able to get into video games like I used to. I get distracted too easily. 
Thanks for all the input guys! It's so nice to know I'm not alone in this. I think I'll try to incorporate exercise into my daily routine. I'm only just establishing one again so introducing something new would probably be good...I really miss gaming but can't seem to bring myself to do it! Maybe I'll try reading again first - i have TONS of books..
It may be that your brain is still fixing itself from the damage caused by drinking. It's pretty normal from what I've seen on here and experienced myself for early sobriety to feel a bit "blah" and flat. It gets better with time. I watched a lot of movies and TV in early sobriety. It passed time and gave me something to focus on. I also took up a new hobby knitting which worked really well for me. It was good to do something that I didn't associate with drinking or how I used to feel. Genuine interest in other things came back over time. Give it time - the first couple of months are a time when the body and nervous system makes huge gains in repairing damage from drinking but  repairs to the body and nervous system still happen for a couple of years after that. I noticed that I felt quite different from month to month in early sobriety.
