-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/501boq/hello_again_and_a_list_of_things_that_have/

Hi guys...I plan to jump back on to sobriety today but thought it might be useful to make a record for myself (and anyone else who might be helped by it) of what has worsened in my life in the short time since I started drinking again. I'm happy to be back but nervous again about my first dry night tonight and a little depressed at what feels like an inevitable cycle of sobriety and relapsing. Maybe not this time right?..So......I was sober for 40 days. It's now 6 weeks after I fell off. In that time:..1- the dark blue circles under my eyes have come back. ..2- My hair went back to a state of dry frizzy and limp (sober = impressively noticeable luster). ..3- I've gained 1.5 pounds..4- The house is not just untidy - it's humiliatingly gross. It looks like single college roommates live here instead of a family in their late 30s. ..5- The exhaustion that is sort of a part of my life no matter what these days is *hands down much much worse.*..6- The zombie state. I can't be bothered to do anything because I feel terrible all the time. Just keeping up with life is almost too much so when my SO wants to play a game or get up early I have zero interest. When my kid bounces and giggles at me I'm still touched but I also look for ways to distract her so that I can go back to laying on the couch "recovering"..7- The irritation. My SO and I are fighting much more. When he gets in a bad mood or criticizes me or disagrees etc I just don't have the patience and in no time things are escalating. ..8- pushing aside the issues surrounding my dad's recent death instead of dealing with them. I haven't been there for my mom nearly enough and I'm just trying to pretend that my dad is still here...I am SO looking forward to waking up tomorrow and starting to undo the damage these past 6 weeks have done to my life. Today guys I will definitely not drink with you. ..(badge reset pending)
----------immediate responses--------

Hello /u/drinkyzbrite. Thank you for making this list; it's a great reminder of what would happen to me if I went back out. I'm glad you're here with us and look forward to seeing your sober journey!
Glad you're back. I red your list - obviously good decision by you.
What a great list to keep in your back pocket as you continue your journey. I've made dozens of lists like this--they are useful tools! I eventually learned from them that not only did alcohol's negatives outweigh its positives but also that the positives were illusions and lies. Once those "benefits" of drinking disappeared so did my cravings and my daily addiction. Wishing you lots of success in your renewed commitment!
Hey good on you for picking yourself back up and doing what's best for you. There's something to be said there. That shows incredible courage and fortitude. You're a strong person - don't forget that. Good luck in your sobriety. I won't drink with you today either. 
[removed]
Do me a favor....copy-and-paste this post into a Word document. Title it "Remember Why" and save it on your desktop.
Ugh every time I feel my sobriety slipping I'm going think about this and how quickly it can come especially 6 and 4. Oh those were bad times
Thank you for posting this - I can't get enough reminders of what sort of misery awaits me the moment I allow myself to believe that I could maybe control my boozing this time around.
Thank you for sharing this reminder of why it sucks to go back out. ..Coming back too and I look and feel like a trainwreck. So does everything in my life. 
