-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/505qpo/time_to_quit_again/

Hi everyone..I posted here a while back with a different username. I found really great success with this forum quitting drinking for nearly 4 straight months and feeling about as healthy and happy as I have in a long time. ..Then I started to struggle with my anxiety again and drinking "moderately" seemed like it would be a smart solution. Obviously in the back of my mind I knew it was the absolute worst decision I could possibly make but that has never stopped me before. ..I drank moderately for all of about 2 weeks before it started becoming more and more regular. In the months that followed I have gone through pretty much all stages - i've gone on a few benders where I've literally drank every day and left work at lunch daily to have a few beers just to get through the afternoon. I've tried moderating a few times which usually means not drinking for a few days and then rewarding myself by getting extremely drunk on the days I allow myself to drink. I've also "quit" probably 30 times in these few months - lasting anywhere from 1 day up to 8 days and usually around 3 or 4 days on average. ..Technically when you look at my habits over the last few weeks they could be described as me 'successfully moderating' as the 3-4 day gaps mean I'm drinking twice per week. But OH MAN is it a struggle at every moment to make it those 3-4 days. Alcohol continues to dominate my life and thoughts even when I'm taking these breaks. I feel like shit and honestly alcohol has once again lost any pleasurable component it once had. It literally makes me anxious irritable grumpy tired lazy and sluggish almost instantly yet I can't stop getting sucked in. ..Even as I type this my brain is telling me "Don't post this yet. The labour day long weekend us coming up! You'll quit after that! (For the record I said the same thing about Canada Day and our Civic Holiday long weekend)". I know if I keep making excuses I'll never stop...So I'm here to commit. I won't drink today. I'm stocking up on San Pelligrino and I'm going to give this another go. Because I have to make this stick. Somehow. ..Thanks for listening! ..-Cormac 
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you for recommitting!  I won't drink with you today.
Welcome back. I discovered that when I stopped struggling--that's when I got sobriety.  
I committed to quitting recently as well. I won't drink with you today!
&gt;But OH MAN is it a struggle at every moment to make it those 3-4 days. Alcohol continues to dominate my life and thoughts even when I'm taking these breaks...That sounds miserable and that's *"successful"* moderation. It's a lot easier for me to not drink and leave the unhealthy obsession of pretend "moderation" behind. ..Question about your attempts to quit--what lead you back each time and can you change up something significant to avoid repeating the pattern?
Good job!  I recently re-committed to quitting smoking and someone said basically "all sober people have in common that they didn't give up quitting."  I found it really comforting and helped to alleviate some of the embarrassment I felt over all of my failed quit attempts. ..I won't drink with you today (or tomorrow!). ..You can do this!
You took the words right out of my head. I am starting again with a new job. I'll have to try the San Pelligrino.
