-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/505rhz/enjoying_nature_as_my_higher_power_why_i_needed/

100 days sober today and I am very happy about it...The short story is that I was able to achieve long-term sobriety without the help of a recovery program in 2014. I was very happy and no longer had any cravings for alcohol and the mental obsession was long gone (or so I thought). I felt great about relationships health and my career...However around 14 months I experienced a few very stressful events and the consequences of my drinking from years before started to catch up with me. I started to suffer some major setbacks at work gained some weight and picked up some bad habits. I was spending time with people who were drinking. Some new friends I made didn't even know me when I drank and thought it was just for weight-loss (because I told them so). I was ashamed of being an alcoholic and didn't want to be one. I had no defense against this situation--I eventually drank. After that relapse I couldn't stay sober for longer than a month. I hated drinking but still kept doing it for 6 months. I felt a real and acute loss of control. I was terrified. After blacking out falling on a concrete sidewalk and busting my ankle I started going to AA and got a sponsor...I needed AA and a sponsor. It was easy for me to stay sober while life was good but it was impossible for me to stay sober if life looked bad. With no one to be accountable to no recovery goals any attempt on my part would be quite futile. ..I love the program. I try to hit 4 meetings a week and talk to at least one friend in recovery everyday. I'm no model AA in the program. I prefer to sit and listen I don't share in prayer and I like to keep a small tight-knit group of friends rather than talk to everyone in the rooms. I still have to learn to be open-minded and courageous. I have to learn to stop judging people. These are things I will gain in the long-term...I'm agnostic so while everyone else is praying at meetings I meditate about maple trees. I think about any trees I've seen recently or trees I remember from my childhood: Sugar maples in Vermont Silver Maples on the Connecticut River Red Maples along the shore in Rhode Island and Striped Maples in the Berkshires. I think about the beauty of life and the grandiosity of the universe. Nature is my higher power and this makes absolute sense to me. While I can't be sure what the meaning of my life is I know that 3 billion years of evolution didn't produce me so I could drink myself to death. Nature abhors suicide. I use these truths to help me stay sober no matter what happens. I feel spirituality where there used to be skepticism...I still use hiking and communing with nature as primary tools in recovery. [I'm back on the trails of the Northeastern U.S.](http://imgur.com/uoX94U3) I found many new trails and even moved to a new town (away from my favorite bar) so I could be closer to the forest. The picture above is a short drive away from me. I share hiking with some fellows in recovery telling them where some great spots and taking others on hikes. I talk about wild mushrooms trees caterpillars and wildflowers with people. I love everything again...I hit a little hiccup around month two: I skipped out on work and lied about it. I told my boss I was on the road when I actually just sat at home all day. Sitting in the AA meetings after that I kept hearing people talk about honesty. I felt like a real asshole and thought I was a failure at recovery. I decided to do something about it. So a few days ago I told my boss that I lied to him. I said I don't want to be dishonest and admitted my mistake to his face. He accepted my apology and expressed concern that I was afraid to ask for time off when I needed it. We made amends and it improved our relationship. This response surprised me. I expected the response to be "Don't do it again." Instead we had an honest discussion. The whole exchange was not something that would have happened without me working a recovery program...Stay sober friends. And if you have the chance hug a maple tree for me. :)..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your post. I've gotten this far without AA but recognise I may need it in the future especially since my SO has started drinking again. I love your approach to the prayer sessions and will probably do similar if/when I ever attend. Being in nature is my happy place too! 
Your post speaks so much to me. Nature is a great higher power. ..I too had a few previous sobriety attempts before coming to AA. None of them worked because all I did was stop drinking. I didn't identify or change any of my character defects. I didn't identify as an alcoholic even though I was. I didn't stop being a selfish asshole - I was just a dry selfish asshole. AA forces us to own up to everything and then work to improve it. It's great and it's the only thing that's truly worked for me. 
&gt; 3 billion years of evolution didn't produce me so I could drink myself to death ..This whole post is full of inspiring goodness -- thank you for sharing your thoughts struggles and successes. The above quote resonates deeply today. ..I will notice the trees as I travel today and know that I am not alone.
[removed]
Nature is my higher power too. Or shall be again anyway. Day one here. Back to meetings tomorrow. Thanks for your post. I can't do it on my own while also being happy. I need help. Well done on your sobriety.
I went on a 9-mile hike yesterday to an alpine lake and showed my girlfriend how Ponderosa Pines smell like butterscotch.  Trees and all of nature are a huge part of what keeps me feeling intact and healthy enough to push back against the pressure to drink.
This post really spoke to me. I have been yearning to be in our cabin in the Adirondacks and have been feeling that nature was somehow tied to my sobriety but had not been sure exactly how yet. Your explanation is helping...Also it's fascinating to hear that maple trees are symbolic for serenity for you (or at least that's how I read your post) because birch trees are the same for me.
This is a great post thank you! I'm a nature person too and that is my higher power in AA or whatever lol. I discovered pantheism a while back... It works for me. I'll definitely touch a tree today because of you. Thanks have a good week friend
Fantastic post.  !!!
Congratulations on 100 days! I'd like to thank you for the fond memories that I have of all of those places..and yet the only place I actually had the maple syrup was in the Berkshires when I was skiing Jiminy Peak! I've been thinking about skiing again (haven't been up there for a good 8 years) and you've just sent me the spark of inspiration! The pic? GORGEOUS. It must be wonderful to live in such a naturally beautiful place :)...I'm so glad you're doing well! Oh and if you could keep posting pic's like this maybe I'll really start planning a ski trip this winter! ;) Thank you.
I always take note when you post u/greatmainewoods. Mostly because I love the great Maine woods and I know you went through a rough patch. Welcome back. I'm glad you're doing well.
Thanks for sharing. I prefer my AA to be low on the God quotient. 
&gt;While I can't be sure what the meaning of my life is I know that 3 billion years of evolution didn't produce me so I could drink myself to death. Nature abhors suicide...this is just *perfect.* thank you for writing this beautiful post. ..my higher power is similar - the universe out there all the stars galaxies nebulae black holes... millenia of fiery gases incomprehensible voids and magnificent explosions. I'm a tiny part of something huge and amazing. it inspires awe and keeps me curious and sober. ..I'll hug a California redwood for you :) ..(edit: grammar)
*While I can't be sure what the meaning of my life is I know that 3 billion years of evolution didn't produce me so I could drink myself to death*..Wow! This really resonates with me. Thank you :)
This is so good to hear truly a change has taken place...
Nature is the great healer. 
I'm so glad you ended up writing this. I'll hug a spruce next time I'm out on a hike. The natural world continues to inspire me and the woods are my church too. I'm glad you're doing well...Here's to more sober days full of awe and wonder!
I hugged an aspen for you today. I crashed into a couple lodgepole pines too but that was the higher power of gravity at work.
