-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50dgp6/im_on_day_23_of_my_35_day_inpatient_rehab/

August 8th is my dry date and also the date I entered a rehab facility 6+ hours away from my house. ..I drank for multiple years got sober for 7 months relapsed and 1.5 years later ended up in rehab. ..Rehab has been pretty awesome. I am extremely fortunate to be at one of the top facilities in Canada and have it paid for by insurance. I really really feel for those who want to get better but do not have the means especially those in the US. ..I'm feeling a lot better and have been following their strict schedule of waking up early eating breakfast going for a walk participating in intensive group therapy doing the homework assignments attending lectures attending recreation time which is a variety of activities to choose from as well as attending one AA NA or CA meeting a night. ..We have a lot of downtime which I normally spend reading hanging out in the TV rooms or at the gym/rec rooms. There's a library with computers and we get our phones Friday morning and hand them back in Monday morning. I'm a pretty shy/quiet/insecure person and I was pretty worried about the other people but they've all been really great. I've met a lot of great people and a few that I know I will keep in touch with outside of here. The staff have also been sweet and my designated addiction therapist is amazing. There are also doctors psychologists occupational therapists recreation therapists and social workers you can make appointments with as well as nurses you can talk to pretty much 24/7. ..The more AA meetings I attend the better I'm getting at them. I used to go sit in the back say nothing run out at the very end and wonder why they didn't work for me. The Big Book made no sense to me the first time I read it. I was shy and worried way too much about what people thought of me. I never shared I never engaged and I never really TRIED. Being in this bubble has helped me get over a lot of those things. I'm able to read and concentrate again. Theres still a ton of things I need to work on and just like a diabetic needs to do something every day for the rest of their life to stay healthy I have come to accept this is a disease that I will need to "medicate" in various ways for the rest of my life...I'm feeling really good about sobriety this time around and feel like this is something I really needed to get me started. I have something like 12 days left before going back to real life which is something I am extremely anxious about but I know what I have to do once I get out of here. ..If anyone is thinking about going to rehab and have the means/is able to do it I highly recommend it based on my experience. ..This place was one of my number one support tools when I was sober in early 2015 and I'm excited to be part of it again! .
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds amazing! Good for you. Congrats on seeking help. The facility sounds top notch. I am one of those in the US who's insurance will not cover such things. Might be worth a move to the great north!..What's your plan when you return to real life? What's going to be different this time?..Since you were sober for 7 months there's no doubt you can do it again and go much much longer. I hope this rehab is teaching you new tools and building new relationships to ensure your success...Your anxiety is totally understandable. But it sounds like the treatment you're receiving is the real deal. Congrats and best of luck!
Congratulations!  You sound happy and hopeful.  I hope you get what you want out of sobriety and life!
You are amazing.
I never did rehab and kinda wish I could go back in time and make myself do it.... y'know rehab FOMO?..You're doing great!
This update makes me happy. I hope you find the tools you to make this sobriety thing work of the long term.
Wonderful to hear this positive update from you /u/SDstrawburry!
Congrats! &amp; best of luck you sound positive and motivated. I'm happy for you :)
I remember you from early 2015! Glad to read that you are doing this &amp; that it is working out well!  :) 
Congrats! You're doing well...I'm currently wait listed for rehab but hopefully I get in soon. I'm also Canadian and if it helps anyone can get into rehab. At least in Ontario anyway...I have no idea what happens when I finally switch provinces but hopefully it works out. I think my drivers license and plates need to be changed but I'll get to that when I need too...You are doing excellent! Just keep on keeping on sobriety can be hard but it's worth it...Sending good thoughts your way  
So glad it's going well for you there! Congratulations on 23 days! Looking forward to more positive updates :).
Happy to see you're back :-)
Very very happy to see you getting so much out of the experience!!!! Keep on kickin ass. ..
Thanks for sharing the detail about rehab and your plan. It sounds like you have a great chance of succeeding when you finish up inhouse.
You deserve it Keep it up \o/
Hey! I'm on day 14 of 90 in rehab! Keep on fighting the good fight.
