-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50etvq/a_stripper_attempting_to_get_sober_again/

Hey everyone. I'm attempting for the millionth time to quit drinking and I want to quit this time for good. It's very difficult for me due to my job. I live and work in Las Vegas and am SURROUNDED by alcohol and pressured constantly by customers and other dancers to drink. ..I have been getting wasted at work since my first day on the job except for a 6 month period about 2 years ago. During these 6 months I made the most money out of my entire dancing career. I worked 4 days a week every single week and made BANK. I was on the road to paying off all my huge credit card and student loan debt (I graduated with a Bachelor's in Physics from a really good aka expensive school before I started stripping) and finally reaching financial stability. Unfortunately I relapsed after taking some time off work to attend a wedding that was in Hawaii. :( ..When I drink I can only physically muster up 2-3 days of work per week and make WAY less money and also put myself in dangerous situations. I will stay in VIP rooms with overly aggressive "rape-y" customers I will drive home drunk I will stay at work til 11am in the morning because I drank so many vodka redbulls during the night that I didn't realize how late it was. Keep in mind I work the 9pm-3am shift...staying til 11am is crazy. I also will chain smoke cigarettes when I'm drunk...I am engaged and my fiance has been sober for 3 years (he was a serious alcoholic). He is very secure in our relationship and doesn't mind me stripping but he worries about my safety when I drink. In the past while drunk I have screamed at him hit him smashed my head through the wall kicked a hole in our bathroom door while he was in there drunkenly ran away in the morning and wandered around my neighborhood until I somehow made my way back to my car and fell asleep in there. He never guilts me about these things but I know he worries about me and I know it is hard on him and very unfair.  I would never forgive myself if I ruined our relationship...Drinking takes everything away from me that makes me happy. I absolutely love working out but I feel too crappy to ever go to the gym. I love programming and math but drinking takes away all of my motivation to succeed and it literally hurts my brain to think at times now. I cannot hold a regular job due to my anxiety. I have tried.  I'm very genetically gifted and am very pretty and naturally fit but I am destroying my body (and face) with alcohol and cigarettes. It is aging me very quickly.  I also have borderline personality disorder and am on 3 psychiatric medications that help me SO MUCH but I am not supposed to be drinking with these meds (I see a psychiatrist every month). I'm very worried about both my mental and physical health...I came here to share my story because I know MANY strippers (and just people in general) who are in the same boat. I also just really need help :/ I know this was a very long post but I really appreciate anyone who reads through this entire thing and can offer me any advice or even share your story with me. How do I resist my urges to drink at work? How do I get my life together? :'(....
----------immediate responses--------

thanks for sharing all of this...Do you think it's possible to strip and not drink? At the end of the day a strip club is a bar. .can you reach out to other women in your profession in LV who are sober? ..I can tell you how I got sober:..i don't drink..I went to medical detox..I went to five weeks intensive outpatient ..I attend daily AA meetings..I do what my sponsor tells me and we work the steps..I trust God..I ask for help..good luck to you :)
[removed]
&gt;Drinking takes everything away from me that makes me happy...This really sums up how I felt by the end of my drinking "career." There was really nothing left for me at the bottom of the shot glass. All I can tell you is that life is SO MUCH better since I quit. You're in the right place; we would love to have you as part of the SD gang.
you sound a lot like my mother. she died a pretty horrible death from liver failure in her fifties despite being gifted in every way. she was bloated from water retention and looked like she was in her 70s when she passed. never made much of her abilities or anything. pretty sad..with that said i think we have to come to terms with what we really want. in that sense i had to be honest with myself. for years i thought i wanted to quit but i didnt really and continued. eventually tho after enough mistakes i decided it was time. so i started to decrease and eventually came off it. i set a date and have stuck with it..prior to that i wasn't really serious. i had to become burnt out with it all..thing that has kept me from going back is to simply remember all the crap i've brought upon myself because of alcohol and if i wanted to relive that over and over again until i died of liver failure or a car accident etc. a few hours of high isnt really worth all the trouble and physical illness it brings. but also i told people around me about it and post here. so forth. that helps..so it's hard to realize but we have to decide what we really want. inevitably we're the ones buying it putting it to our lips and drinking it. and we have to stop and think about how we want to live our lives. it's on us. at least that's how it's been for me..and i did give up a lot. ive avoided certain friends and even cut down the amount of drag (as in drag queen) i do to avoid such situations. but it's def worth it. life's so much better. in my experience you can't really have your cake and eat it too sometimes. quitting might be one..
I'm so glad you posted. What you wrote was very honest and thoughtful. For my drinking I found it helpful to take it a step at a time. The first step being just don't drink today. I come to SD daily and pledge to not drink just for the next 24 hours. The days start to build and I feel so much better. You said you had 6 months sober a couple of years ago. Fantastic! You can do this again and more! I'm sending you good thoughts and look forward to hearing more about your journey &lt;3
[removed]
Your fianc  sounds like a good guy - I'm trying really hard to stop drinking as I know it would improve my life in so many ways but she makes it sooooo freaking hard for me. Also being in the arts scene doesn't help - but I think your job trumps that! Good luck :) 
For sure! I'm just joining the chat function on here - looks quite good/helpful incase you haven't found it yet.
Sometimes I think it helps to take a post like this and distill it to the simplest possible thing. Here I see that you have done sobriety before. So working backwards from that it is clear to me you will be successful. It is a matter of when. When do you choose? I don't presume to know any more than you but I do know I got sober because I made that decision.
[deleted]
You've taken the first step. The next one will be tomorrow and I'll stay sober with you. One day at a time. We have to walk before we run and sure we may trip stumble and fall but we have to get back up and keep moving in the right direction...It sounds like you have a fantastic boyfriend who will help you through this but you have to be open about it and communicate with him. Let him know you want to stop. Let your therapist know you want to stop. Hold yourself accountable and stop in here for those little reminders on why it's such a good idea to be sober...I'm a recovering alcoholic (and believe me I never thought I'd say those words) and my journey has not been easy like many before me. I come from a broken home (my pops "went for cigarettes" when I was 7). Both of my parents are hardcore alcoholics so to me drinking was just a part of life. Then I joined the military where drinking is well... some people refer to it as the place that either teaches you to drink or kills you while trying to. And now I work in a sales office straight out of the 80's where when you hit your numbers they wheel in a cooler that's been freshly stocked you grab a drink and you go putt for cash down a corridor or have office chair "rowing" competitions (4 people/chairs facing backwards linked like a train racing down the hallways) ... all of these activities and my entire life outside of them revolved around drinking. Golfing and drinking bowling and drinking grilling/yard work and drinking dancing and drinking friends and you guessed it drinking. You get the idea. I hadn't done a single activity for 12 years(I'm 28 now) that didn't involve drinking. At my worst I was a fifth a whiskey a night drinking. Before getting sober it was 6-12 beers or about half of a 1.75liter bottle of vodka split with my fiancee a night...Now the hardest part of being sober is not knowing who I am as an individual. Everything I used to enjoy was wrapped up in drinking. So I'm rediscovering and discovering passions. And for me that's difficult because I don't know where to start I'm terrified of failure and I'm scared to invest in something I might not enjoy... but I'd rather be learning about myself than drinking to forget. Forget what a shitty person I was for drinking. Forget about my nightmarish deployment. Forget about the abuse the pain the anger...But you don't forget those things and if you drink to forget then you allow those things to fester insted of heal. And when they fester it only compounds those things that you think drinking helps... Like my crippling anxiety and depression...Long story short and sorry for the wall of text I'm happy to be scared of the unknown. I'm happy to be sober. And I'm happy that I finally feel a little bit healthier. And you will be too. One step one day at a time. I will not drink with you today. We all have our problems but together we can overcome them...One of my favorite quotes and I think it was from a redditor: "Getting drunk is like borrowing happiness from tomorrow." You pay for all that "fun" you can't even remember by being hungover and feeling like shit and just needing that hair of the dog to get back at it... then the cycle starts again and you're constantly borrowing. Borrowing time you can't afford. That's no way to live in my opinion. And this subreddit this community and my fianc e have been my saving grace...I wish you the best of luck. Keep your head up and remember you're not alone no matter how often you feel that way. We're right here and I'm sure your boyfriend will be there too..
Hiya. Welcome to SD. Sending you best wishes. Not drinking with you today:-) 
Welcome! ..Have a read of the baby steps posts also have a look around this community it's been great for me. ..Just one step not drinking today. :) 
If I were you I would ask my doctor about medications that might help me in the beginning (I'm thinking along the lines of Naltrexone or antabuse). I would want anything that might give me a bit of assistance in resisting if I had such a difficult work environment.  You may also find that arguments which appeal to your intellect such as those in This Naked Mind (see reference to the book in the sidebar) may help you. I wish you all the best.
Well I always ask myself is the money worth it. You seem like with your degree you could start building a career with a future. 
Have you considered working at a juice bar? I know it's boring as hell but staying away from clubs that serve alcohol is the only way that you can avoid being pressured to drink. ..I'm sorry you're dealing with this. I work as a stripper as well and I know how hard it is to be sober at work. We deal with so many assholes on a nightly basis and sometimes I feel like I need to be drunk in order to keep a thick skin and hustle properly. 
It is difficult way difficult particularly in an environment conducive to drinking. For me two things happened. First I got really angry with myself and then I figured out why I wanted to stop drinking. Angry because I truly know that my drinking is an unnecessary risk to health freedom (DUI) relationships etc. So now I am mad what am I going to do and how. I stopped drinking and when I got the inevitable interrogation I told anyone that I needed to loose weight up my game get off the drink-hungover-feel better-drink cycle. I have one product that is solely mine and only I control. Me. How I look how I feel how I interact. I have an end in sight as to what I want in my behaviors in sobriety: fitness no risk of incarceration clear thinking and decision making giving. It is a daily struggle and this sub is a godsend. I will not let anyone knock me off my square. Realizing that I am the one who is solely responsible added to my fervor and selfishness to succeed..As I reread this it appears that I am writing as much for myself as in response to your post. That is one of the reason I love this sub. It helps. Please comeback and much strength. I will not drink today. 
Your have quite a story and is very captivating.  I can tell you have so much potential that hasn't yet been able to see the light of day - This was my situation also.  I didn't love myself fully I didn't care for myself fully and didn't prioritize myself in situations (besides just trying to get drunk)...sound familiar?..A good buddy of mine is a DJ in Vegas and after years of blackouts and troubles w his gf he decided to stop drinking.  He said it was the hardest thing he's ever done being in Vegas where people are shoving free drinks in your face and feeling that typical hazy buzz every night.  BUT he pushed through and now a year sober he is MORE lucrative in his DJ career (top clubs) able to spin longer has better mixes so entertains better and magically found all this free time in the morning as he doesn't have hangovers...Try it out!  You know what it feels like (great).  Put yourself first.  You matter.
We are with you.  Stay strong.  Vegas is such a hard place to not drink but I know you can do it.  You have too many gifts and supportive people in your life.  Come back and post as often as you want.  We will be here.  :)
You are not alone! I don't have great advice for not drinking in your workplace when alcohol is so very available--sounds tough. I do want to say that my anxiety is SO much better since I stopped drinking. Even though I felt really tense and tired the first week I haven't had one panic attack in 51 days. That alone makes this sober life so worthwhile. 
I had a lot of bad anxiety when I was drinking. I drank more to help me feel better. When I quit drinking it was tough for a few days but I haven't needed anxiety meds since the first few days after drinking. 
Good luck! Maybe talk to the bartenders and ask if there's any fake cocktails you can order? At my club a "Malibu Sunrise" is just OJ pineapple and grenadine lol. I also try to make friends with whoever's working that night and remind them that I'm not drinking right now if I order (code name here) please make it virgin. I like getting virgin dirty martinis because the olive juice is so strong I sip on it slowly like I would with an alcoholic drink and no one accuses me of drinking just soda. ..
Also a stripper in Vegas whose biggest obstacle to sobriety is all those free drinks customers offer me! It is a unique struggle. I've had this issue for years and tried to rationalize or minimize it for a long time but I know that it's time to stay sober at work without exception. I don't see myself quitting dancing anytime soon (although I am looking to make it more of a side job) and I foresee myself staying in Vegas at least another year. If you would want to meet and talk anytime I'm open to it! You and I both know that there's a minority of women who stay sober at work so I know I'm definitely not alone but reading this post made me feel even less alone. Thank you for posting this. 
