-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50j02g/i_posted_earlier_this_year_when_my_husband_was/

I just want to say I love this sub and want to say how amazing it is to see all the transformations you are all going through and how much support you are all providing everyone through this journey. I keep trying to nudge my husband over but he won't come...I posted earlier this year when my husband was critically ill in hospital. We were told he may not make it out. In the end he was in there 3 weeks or so of which a third was in critical care. All this due to years of heavy drinking (90+ units a week and he still doesn't call himself an alcoholic...). Anyway he left hospital with a stark warning of "touch another drop and it'll kill you" having also been in a bay with another man who was in with pancreatitis who had not heeded the warning some years earlier my husband was given. Out of the two of them only my husband left hospital. ..Prior to his admission to hospital I'd been in the process of seeking a divorce and looking to move me and the kids out due to his drinking. But I stayed to support him through hospital on the proviso I leave when he is on his feet. ..Anyway I wanted to say it's been a long few months for us. A lot of soul searching and psychological crap and he's still not over the physical effects fully has massive sugar cravings (filling the alcohol hole I guess!) but he's lost a ton of weight. Skins clear. Mood is amazing. He's laughing again. He's sleeping. He's stopped snoring. He is enjoying life now. Its wonderful...It's going to be a struggle. His father is an alcoholic who drinks more than my husband and doesn't eat. Also had pancreatitis but went back on the booze. My husband says he doesn't want to end up like his dad...I'm praying he doesn't and praying I get to keep the wonderful happy smiling caring and loving man I fell in love with and whom I've been lucky enough to get back from hell. It's early days for the reboot of our marriage but it seems to be going well...Anyway not sure why im sharing but thought I would from a spouses perspective ..Edit: (in case it's not clear he's sober...Hasn't touched a drop since the day he was admitted to hospital)..Also want to say from a partners perspective we love you to bits. We try everything to help you to help the relationship and more but we have to recognise we are NOT responsible for your drinking and we are NOT responsible for your sobriety. Only when we recognise this are we able to be objective about things. Sometimes we have to walk away. Sometimes we are lucky and get a second chance because you wake up in time (or nearly die if you're my husband!) other times we have to say no and go...Either way. You need to stop for you not us. ..Wishing you all a long happy fulfilling and sober life 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow!  So he Stopped!?..That's fantastic...No matter what the future holds for you him or you both together Sober will be much better...Thanks for sharing this.
Thank you for posting I'm sure this will help people understand how their other halves maybe feeling through the changes they're going through...I'm glad to hear your husband is managing to stay off the sauce and you're all benefiting as a family.
I can't even imagine the pain and worry you have been through! That is wonderful news that he is making a comeback. Thank you for sharing.
Thank you for your post. I'm twenty three and was hospitalised too due to alcohol induced pancreatitis. I am so happy to hear you and your husband are doing so well your story really resonanted with me. I'm wishing you two all the best. We can do this :)
Thanks for telling us your story. I think your husband will find a lot of friends here and when/if he's ready then let him know he's very welcome to stop by.
Thank you for sharing what is like on the other side.  My spouse keeps everything bottled up so I'm guessing what it must be like.  Either way I hate what I put my spouse through and am changing things for the better for both of us
I appreciate you taking the time to share your story and wish you and your husband only the best in life and marriage. Take care. 
I'm stoked to hear this really I am. You're a wonderful person for doing what you've done so far and continuing to do. ..I'd also like to add that I think you're absolutely right in following through with the divorce though I was on his side of the fence years ago. It is a *huge* reality check. I sincerely hope that both of you manage to make a constructive and safe relationship even if you never "get back together." I wouldn't have the relationship with my son I do now if I was still squabbling with his mother and he's much happier because of it...One more thing... I'm guessing he knows about your posts to Reddit... do you think there's a chance he'll come by and tell his story in the future?
Thanks for sharing 
[deleted]
Happy for you!  I hope your husband knows what an incredible loving and caring spouse he has.  Lucky guy.
Great hopeful post.  Thank you.  As someone who loves an alcoholic this is inspiring.
As a pancreatitis survivor myself I can say it certainly put the fear of God in me; however as painful and humbling the experience was I would not be able to maintain abstinence were it not for some sort of program/counseling/fellowship with other alcoholics. Addiction defies logic. 
Didn't see your original post but thanks for sharing this. Wishing you and your husband all the best.
[removed]
