-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50js3o/irritated_very_easily_cant_control_my_mood/

My number is a lie. It should be 0 since I've relapsed lately. I want to get back on the wagon but I can't stand (nor can anyone around me) how irritated I get around 6pm and OK everyday. I really can't control it and it makes me physically uncomfortable I don't know how to get over this hump. I know a drink helps calm it but that only leads to several more throughout the night. Ah I don't know how to level my mood out.
----------immediate responses--------

I know it's hard. Anxiety is alcohol withdrawal. Go for a walk or run. Eating something sweet helped. You just have to bite the bullet. Push through it now and you'll never have to do it again..Good luck. 
Mood disorder sufferer here. Strict routine and exercise regimen keep me with the living and able to efficiently control my mood fluctuations and anxiety. It takes a lot of work at first until it's not work. Same things goes for recovery in general. Join me today in not drinking and you can focus on dealing with the other stuff when you're feeling stronger. 
I kept as busy as possible during witching hours. I constantly watched our for HALT and made sure I had something sweet on hand. Hanging out here on SD helped me tremendously. You can do it :).
It's withdrawal. If you're like me there's a bunch of shame fear and anger mixed in. It SUCKS and it took me almost a year of trying to cut back before I fucked up enough to find the motivation to get through the first hours days and weeks. The good news is that your mood will level out and irritation fade. It takes time without alcohol and learning new skills.
Buy a jump rope. Super simple and 10 minutes of that should help burn through momentary anxiety. Helps me anyway with similar withdrawal issues. Really any exercise (even walking) but a jump rope is quick simple cheap and surprisingly difficult and exhausting.
I understand.  ..Here are two of the tools I use.  ..The first is related to R.I.D.  Restless Irritable and Discontent.  What you describe is so prevalent that it's got an acronym...When I first stopped after work was my danger time.  It has previously when I would have the first glass of wine.  I had to change that pattern and create a new habit and eliminate the triggers...I went to a 5:30 pm meeting to break that cycle...Whenever I'm experiencing RID I know I should get to a meeting or talk to someone...The second thing I do is:  When I notice I'm having a negative emotion instead of 'wishing it away' I do something counter intuitive.  I don't repress it.  I don't deny it.  If for instance I come home and notice I'm irritable I find a quiet place close the door and *experience* the emotion.  I *expand* the emotion.  I let the irritation inside me grow and watch it with my minds eye.  I let it bloom and see what's behind it.  ..Here's something i learned that's important to me:  The more I experience a negative emotion the more it dissipates.  The more I experience a positive emotion the more it grows.  
Just now I feel like I'm getting out a stage where I was angry and anxious all the time. ..The pink cloud lifted about 2 months in and I was just in foul form and not a fun person to be around. Thankfully I didn't drink again but it was not easy going. ..It's still early days for me but the last couple of weeks have been great. I've been exercising and found myself having a lot more energy and just being a lot more fun to be around. ..Just last night I was seeing some friends and made everyone laughing around me it feels great being able to do that without having to have any alcohol. ..A recurring thought in my head was that I wasn't interesting without alcohol. I had nothing worthwhile to say and without alcohol I couldn't cut loose.  The truth is I was boring with alcohol just my bar of what constituted interesting conversation was at a record low. ..I've heard off friends that a few people have been commenting on how good I look now. I feel like I carry myself a lot better (lack of abdominal pain helps I suppose.) I'm trying not to let that get to my head but that feels good. ..So yeah sorry bit of a ramble. I know you've relapsed and that sucks you'll need to reset your clock but don't be so disheartened. You were still sober for that length of time and no one can take it away from you just get a hobby/do some exercise to keep you occupied this time. Set yourself up to succeed. Things get better if you keep abstaining I promise. 
I ate all the ice cream like an icy chocolate mountain of it. I took a thousand walks. I'd just walk around the block check in to see if I was still a total grumpy asshat and then walk around again. And I would bitch the whole way. "My husband is a stupid motherfucker (he isn't!); My kids are beastly (they're not!); I hate everything; Sobriety is stupid." etc. etc. I must have looked insane walking and talking to myself.  I started fostering a dog. We have thrown a ball 8 million times. She is more compulsive about her ball than I was about alcohol. I checked this subreddit obsessively. I showered early (like 6 pm) and got in bed to read. I have read so much these last 54 days! Good luck and I will not drink with you today. 
