-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50kg3e/oh_the_seeds_that_we_sow/

My son a week after treatment starts to relapse. Last night he was arrested for PI and assault. Of course his problems started after watching me periodically binge drink for years. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear that. I worry about the example I have shown my kids over the years too. Trying to show them a better example now. 
My heart goes out to you.
[removed]
I'll be thinking about you and hoping everything gets better for you and your family.
Oh no I'm so sorry. I too worry about what my son has seen and how it will affect him when he grows up (he's 12). I know that my dad a recovering alcoholic with 30+ years of sobriety blames himself for my drinking habits. I've told him that it isn't his fault; I'm ultimately responsible for what I put into my body. But now that I am a parent I understand how we influence our kids positively and negatively. I'm sending prayers for you and your son &lt;3
I'm sorry to hear this; however I'm glad that you're able to remain sober and be there for him. I hope everything works out!
I know the feeling. My children have seen me at my worst and I'm not sure I'll ever forgive myself.  My daughter is currently in College and worry about her drinking.  
My stepson and stepdaughter never knew me drinking and drugging.  I still have taken them both to meetings as part of their respective recoveries.  In fact I believe my recovery experience is part of the bigger purpose for me being in their lives today.  ..My Dad and his Dad were real alcoholics who never knew any recovery.  I don't blame them for my disease.  My Mother's fearful outlook on life may have had an even greater influence on my stinking thinking. They were not perfect parents and neither am I but they were still great parents and did the best they could just like I try to.  When I think about my Dad's early childhood suffering I can feel nothing but compassion.  Go easy on yourself the past is behind us and all we have is today.  If I do my best today I should have no regrets.
