-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50rz4a/making_decisions_without_a_map/

I'm coming to the end of a big trip through Europe and in a little over a week's time I'll be back home back to reality. I'm really happy with my sobriety so far though I've got a really long way to go before it starts to set roots into my life. It's just a little plant at the moment one day I hope it's a big old tree..... Needless to say I couldn't have gotten here without this sub. So first of all thanks to all of you wonderful people. ..I'm back at the crossroads. I'll have no real job to go home to no place to live. The thought of sorting out these things is a bit scary mainly because it feels like committing to life back home - I've always struggled with this and have never hesitated about packing my bags and heading OS whenever I could. As a result my life back home feels pretty shallow and committing to being there feels like giving up on so many things. (And if I'm being honest I'm probably just giving up on a fantasy idea of life that was kept alive by a lot of alcohol and faulty thinking). ..Part of me wants to fly to where my ex is. I saw her on this trip and we said goodbye for what felt like the last time. I do miss her. But the evidence tells us that we don't work together or at least I wasn't happy enough to commit (See a theme here people??)..Anyway... All of these ideas in my head about what I could do or what I should do it feels like setting out on a journey with no map. And it's always like that. You never know what's going to be right or wrong you just have to step forward as well as you can and follow the path. (***Cue the LoTR hobbit music***)..And though I may not have a map at least I'm not drinking. For me trying to live a life while drinking is like trying to walk the path blindfolded. I can do it but I fall over all the time I hurt myself I take wrong turns without knowing what I'm doing I also miss the beautiful views along the way and it's SCARY because I feel like it could all go badly at any moment. I could stub my toe or fall off a cliff... That's what it feels like...When I quit drinking I took off that blindfold. ..Today and tomorrow may we focus on putting our best foot forward not worrying about where the path may lead us not worrying about where it ends. Let's focus on making the right decisions today with our eyes open. ..Let's have another coffee :)..Lots of love and profound gratitude to this wonderful community! ..X
----------immediate responses--------

This was amazing to read! Thank you!
&gt; trying to live a life while drinking is like trying to walk the path blindfolded..This! I so appreciate the way you've expressed this truth - my truth - so well. I stumbled along the path missing life's beauty for far too long. Taking off the blindfold I realize the scenery is more beautiful the mountainous struggles are not nearly so high and the dangerous animals lurking in the forest are either the wind whispering through the leaves or a stray dog that just needs some food rest and love. ..I have a strong desire to find a image of a path through a forest and hang it in my office as a reminder of what life is without the blindfold and what it could be if I ever put the blindfold back on. ..Thank you for sharing your thoughts. I wish you great adventure and peace as you round the last bend on the journey home. 
thank you!
