-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50s10g/successfully_social_in_sobriety_this_week/

Hey folks .I was just thinking about some cool stuff I've done recently all because I invited friends to do daytime sober stuff with me. ..First thing: Friend invited me to a regularly scheduled happy hour that she hosts every month or so. I said "I can't make it but let's get coffee soon".  Coffee turned into an awesome hike we had a great time and saw some amazing birds (we hiked through an Audubon Society facility). ..Second thing: Friend is a civil engineer at a municipal facility. Gave me a tour of the facility during a slow part of her day.  Totally cool & got to see how some environmental processes happen. ..Third thing: Another daytime hike with two old co-workers to a park I've never been to before. One of them mentioned that usually they just drink so this was a good change of pace. ..Fourth thing (tomorrow): A friend has turned her yard into an 'urban farm' so we will get coffee & she will show me all her plants & things. Maybe I'll learn a thing or two!  ..TLDR: If I had been drinking all of these fun events would have just been meet-ups at bars because the initial invitation is usually "Let's get drinks" but now I say no & suggest a daylight meetup at a coffee shop (my new M.O. the ole 'coffee shop' trick).  I'm actually doing more interesting stuff and remembering how neat some parts of them were. WHO KNEW that staying out of bars could open up so many neat new places/experiences? I sure didn't.  Thanks for reading! Socializing sober has often been a struggle for me just wanted to share this as it kind of hit me earlier today how much cool stuff I've been doing lately due to my sober social strategy (SSS). :) 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;WHO KNEW that staying out of bars could open up so many neat new places/experiences?..I totally agree. Congratulations on the SSS!
That's awesome to hear!! Those things sound amazing and you sure as hell wouldn't have gone hiking (well I wouldn't have anyway) hungover. 
This is great! I need to do this. ..I have been pretty socially isolated for quite some time being a nightly solitary drinker...God! I need to get out more! sheesh!
