-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50yicd/frustrated/

I've become increasingly lonely lately. I moved out of my flat and have been living with family for a couple of weeks now. A couple of months ago my girlfriend left me and I quickly realised I had no close friends as I'd been spending so much time with her. I'm still struggling like hell with the break up. I never get invited to anything and I'm struggling to make new friends. I feel like that annoying guy that nobody messages first and that people only talk back to me to be polite. At this point in my sobriety I have for one reason or another lost a lot of motivation and feel I have started to neglect my recovery. Even simple tasks like reading a chapter of a book seem like huge obstacles. I've been sleeping a lot and spend a lot of my awake time lying in bed shutting out the world with music. I feel like the only thing that's stopped me from drinking these past couple of days has been the fact that my family will find out and because they are controlling my money and have my ID's. I know alcohol won't solve any of this yet still I want it. I want to lock myself in a room with a little bit of food and a shitload of alcohol and some good music and my guitar - I'm sure nobody bar my immediate family would notice my absence. ..Sorry that this post ended up being so depressing. I just wanted to let it out. Cheers guys. Still sober and still waiting for things to get better but not actually putting in any effort to make them get better.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol allowed me to retreat from the world and hide and sometimes in sobriety I still have that same impulse to hide and I still give into it. Real change takes time - just giving up alcohol wasn't enough to change everything for me. But it has allowed me to slowly work on making changes and becoming the person I want to be...I also struggle with depression. Working with a good psychiatrist (to prescribe medication) and a good therapist has helped me immensely and I consider being on antidepressants an integral part of how I got sober. I used alcohol to self-medicate my depression but when I took away the alcohol my depression was still there. (I was actually on antidepressants off and on when I was still drinking - they just didn't have a chance to work because the alcohol stopped them from working.) Alcohol really screwed with my brain chemistry and it takes a while for the brain to normalize itself after long periods of drinking. ..I also found adding in new hobbies super helpful - it gave me things to be interested in and get excited about. And exercise was really good for my depression and anxiety and just general outlook on life. Even just going for a walk is enough to get my head in a different place...Don't beat yourself up - you're going through some major changes and like I said real change takes time. Keep going!
I wrote a post yesterday about being depressed and blah.  I think we're at a stage in sobriety where the newness and excitement has worn off.  So now it's becoming a marathon instead of a sprint at least that's how it feels to me.  We have to figure out now how to slow down from sprinting and make sobriety a long term thing.  We can both do it one day at a time.
When I am in the frozen can't get motivated to do *anything* state I make a list and on it put the most mundane easy things like 1) shower 2) breakfast 3) do dishes 4) walk dog etc  and I often set a timer so see how much I can get done in 20 min.  I think it seems less overwhelming that way and I know I only have to 'work' for 20 minutes and then I can take a break.  Hang in there! 
