-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/50zv53/any_tips_on_spotting_and_avoiding_a_relapse/

So far this is helping:.1. Reading sobriety books (Annie Grace Jason Vale Duff McKagan...).2. So much LaCroix.3. Staying busy.4. Noticing and appreciating sober life improvements.5. Occasionally remembering what it was like when I lived in fear and guilt why I decided to stop.6. Regular visits to SD..Whenever I see a post where someone has gone 50 or 100 days then relapses I get a little freaked out. Are there any simple tips for seeing this <i>before</i> it happens? How do you guys prevent it from happening?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;How do you guys prevent it from happening?..To keep it as simple as possible I get up in the morning and decide no matter what happens I will go to bed sober. Then I do. Everyday...Ultimatey drinking is a decision and if you have weeks or months of sobriey .it is a decision you are making with a clear mind. For most of us drinking filled a hole in ourselves where self esteem is supposed to go. By spending sober time learning to like myself and better connect with people I filled some of that vacancy and learned I can like myself most days. I spent many hours that I used to drink exercising (cycling for me I highly recommend). This helped me get in shape. Feeling better made me want to drink less. I read a lot of books about sobriety. I became active in recovery groups on reddit. I spent more time walking and dedicated sober vacations to walking around actually seeing and appreciating various cities...As a person with serious alcohol addiction issues. I had to unlearn drinking as a go to response to everything both good and bad in my life.
&gt;Whenever I see a post where someone has gone 50 or 100 days then relapses I get a little freaked out...Yeah me too! I also see the 1 year 2 year 6 year 8 year and 15 year posts. I'm freaked out but maybe that's a good thing? There is nothing about my sobriety I can take for granted...To answer your question there is an acronym: HALT..Hungry Angry Tired Lonely. Those can be triggers for relapse. The idea is to fix any item in that list and then reassess how you feel.
I've never relapsed. To start I was scared for my health and wanted to put distance between me and my last drink. I used 30-day milestones to keep my goals manageable. Substitution drinks and distractions helped me through the strongest urges. I put together a cost-benefit chart and it's clear to me that the costs far outweigh the benefits for me the 'benefits' are transient and most things can be achieved in healthier ways...Things got easier for me after four months sober when I fully accepted that it's the best way for me to remain. I know that returning to drinking will land me back in the downhill hell I worked to escape from I don't need to test it. I've learned to cope sober worked to remove alcohol from my reward system. I'm embracing being a non-drinker and building a good balance of things into my life...My decision is made and I won't change my mind: I know that whatever the situation alcohol will only make it worse. I remain vigilant and disregard/dispute any thinking that doesn't align with my decision. Reading and reflecting here is useful in rewiring my thoughts. I know I only get to prioritise the things that matter by remaining sober.
Not drinking NO MATTER WHAT is one thing that helps me. In the early years of my sobriety I worked with a therapist and was involved in AA. This laid the foundation for a lifetime of recovery one day at a time. 
I had to reset recently. I can tell you that I know now how to spot it coming for myself. ..It was when I felt like I had conquered my drinking problem. A couple of days of feeling like I had done so well that I didn't have to try anymore and bam!! ..So my plan is to stay vigilant. No room for ego with me. Anyway that's how I will see it and stop it before it happens.
I've seen [this](http://hamrah.co/en/pages/steps-of-relapse/) posted here before and found it very helpful. And I agree with it - in my experience a relapse starts in my thinking and behavior way before I picked up a drink...Staying focused on my sobriety and engaging with my sober supports like SD helps me avoid the path to relapse. Being honest with myself and other people helps. Taking care of myself helps. (I keep an eye out for HALT - feeling hungry angry lonely or tired. I try to exercise regularly and take time out for relaxation and fun.)
I never have to worry about relapsing on Diet Coke because I don't like diet coke. I don't even drink cola...For alcohol I keep checking my desire level for it. If it is anywhere above a 0% desire to drink then I have work to do.
[removed]
