-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5121cf/i_did_it_update_to_refuge_recovery_question/

Earlier today I posted a question about IRL Refuge Recovery meetings as I intended to go to one this weekend.  AND I DID! It was my first in person meeting ever.  It was a very good experience and my husband did go with me and he enjoyed the meditation aspect.  ..I'll probably post a longer note about this later but this week absolutely sick of relapsing (again and again) I did the unthinkable and confessed *all* to my husband committed to doing daily meetings (most have been online thus far) and got my ass actually through the door of a IRL meeting.  Thank you SD and especially those that helped with the RR meetings details earlier. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so glad you enjoyed the experience! And yes all are welcome to the meetings. Everyone has some sort of suffering in their lives and meditation can be a real boon for all kinds of things. We have two eating disordered folks in our group for instance who have been benefitting from the RR process as well..
Thanks for posting this - I've never heard of Refuge Recovery. There's not a meeting around me but I think I'll try a phone meeting.
Thanks for posting this update and your post earlier. It got me curious about Refuge Recovery and it turns out that there's a meeting on Friday nights near me. I'm gonna go check it out next week from your description it sounds right up my alley!..Being honest with my husband about the full extent of my drinking and how I really thought/felt about it was a *huge* part of my recovery. I don't think I would have been able to stay sober without being honest with him. It was super-scary to come clean though it's been great for our relationship great for my self-esteem to finally stop lying and great to finally be honest with myself. Congratulations on everything sounds like you've had an eventful week!
Thanks so much for mentioning this!  There is only one fairly hard to get to meeting around here so I'm going to check out the phone meetings.  Awesome awesome.
