-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/515v1s/out_of_control/

I hate my job. And drinking on the job has become normal. I'm a chef so it's easy. I have no idea how I haven't been caught yet. But Friday night I left a job saying I had an emergency then drove drunk two hours home. ..Of course an ex was thrown in the mix as well. I was doing so well had stopped drinking for six months and boom the last two months has been a diabolical mess. ..Today is my first day...again. I liked the writing on the acceptance. I'm so tired of struggling. The self loathing is so indulgent and I don't know I can do so well for so long but then I crash big time...Tried AA wasn't for me. To each their own. But the lying and pretending and covering up is exhausting. ..So I'm trying again.
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone. I'll join you in not drinking and we can have a day 1 together. 
Thank you. That's so kind. Means a lot.
I'm still very new at this whole sobriety thing but I've found that something that keeps me going is remembering the regret you're feeling now. Alcohol may take the pain away for the night but tomorrow I feel that much worse. I'm not sure if there's any near you but I plan on checking out Refuge Recovery tonight as I don't think AA is for me either. Today I won't drink with you :) 
This sub is a great place to hang out. I'll not drink with you today :)
I totally understand where you are coming from. I too work in the restaurant business and I'm so thankful I never got caught either. Can't believe that I didn't!! It's by the grace of God. I also don't understand how I can make it for months and feel so great and so empowered and then BAM I think I can handle "a drink"   right!! Ok! So I totally get it. But let's do this let's break this cycle. Here's to not drinking today!  We can do this :) 
Today is a great time to start again!
I'm at day one today too after a relapse of 8 years after 12 years sober. Doesn't matter what threw me back down the bottle I'm here now. I'm with ya. 
Welcome back. Listen I've been going through a serious rough patch (job relationship death of a parent). I never felt like I got any peace anywhere I went. So I drank and fucked up even more. I stopped drinking and already I'm coping better. Nothing has changed but me. It gets better. 
