-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/515ycl/done_with_booze/

Hello everyone. This is my first post here  apart from checking in to the Daily pledge a few times. I've just requested a badge reset after drinking last night - turns out I drank all the booze I had - 6 pints of Stella after drinking during the day. I had been sober for over 3 weeks  the longest I've been sober in over 4 years (yikes!). ..I really want to stop drinking  probably done with it for good . But I can't get my head round the fact that I may never be able to drink again  or like others do (those people I see in bars laughing and having a good time - not me lol) . I also have a few other serious concerns with drinking - my father is an alcoholic and is in AA  but I think he still drinks now and again and I've been told he has the start of Korsakoff's syndrome . I don't speak to him anymore because of the abuse and neglect me and my sister suffered growing up. He still wasn't sorry about it last time we spoke  still that's another story for another day . ..A friend of mine has just drunk herself to death - leaving behind a young daughter . She was 37 or 38 at most. She struggled with it for a few years and went into rehab  unbeknownst to me  and just couldn't stop. She was a lovely girl who never said anything bad about anyone. ..So I really want to stop because I'm terrified I'll turn out like my dad or end up dead like my friend.  ..All I can think about is just getting thorough today without a drink.  I am currently on holiday and have just spent the last 24 hours in bed . Got up a few hours ago and had a nice dinner . No booze though  probably not ever again . And you know  I'm ok with it as I never really learned to moderate ( oh those lucky people who can ).  ...So what shall I do differently this time ?..Check in to the daily pledge each day . ..Finish reading 'the naked mind' as I promised myself to on my holidays..Dry people dry places ..Not sure about AA  I live in the middle of nowhere . ...Thanks for listening..Mac and cheese 45
----------immediate responses--------

Yes we are listening...One MF day at a time...or hour...or minute. Let's do this together. 
Welcome! Glad you're here. I like your plan. Be sure to read SD daily -- it certainly helps me.
Yes I think I know how you feel now. My attempts at moderation are too exhausting and occupying my everyday thoughts . It's just easier not to drink (I think )
I think taking it hour by hour day by day is a fantastic plan. Just plan each day and plan to feel good and not drink. You can start again tomorrow...thinking about the future can make it seem overwhelming and impossible. Something I have found to be helpful is making schedules for each of my days...it sounds small but is really helpful for me. It quells that anxiety of how I am going to fill my time makes me more tired makes me feel accomplished and gets me to the time when I can rest my head sleep and begin again tomorrow...just one day at a time.
I make to-do lists when I'm at work but probably should make them for when I'm off work too. On those days I had sober  every night before my head hit the pillow - I would think - yes! Made it though another day !! 
