-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51cccc/all_the_women_im_interested_in_or_are_interested/

It's sooo annoying. I can't find anyone worth a crap that doesn't have alcohol a huge part of their lifestyle...Honestly I don't think my drinking career is over because of this. It's a break right now which I am thankful for but in my opinion having a social life is impossible without alcohol. ..I am only 25. At this age from what I've discerned being sober almost 6 months all I can do is stay inside and play video games. Which is fun! I actually love it a lot I have a good guy friend or two who are really cool and we don't drink just talk shit and have fun...But I'm moving soon across the country- I will have to make completely new friends and I think the chances of them not being drinkers is little to none. ..As soon as I talk to a girl one of the first things she will bring up is drunken cooking drunken gaming or whatever. And I play it off as it is fun. I'm not assertive. it's scary to tell a 22 year old girl who has been drinking legally for just a year that you don't do it at all. It's completely stupid that is their lifestyle- most 20 somethings around here if you take out alcohol they literally have nothing to do...I know this is not special we all have these issues but I imagine it gets easier as you get older. In your late thirties or forties I imagine most stop drinking out of health...So yeah- I know if it comes to it if I am braced with having no friends or relapsing I will relapse. I need friends. Right now I am getting by with my one or two. ..I also want a girlfriend- although I am willing to try to find a sober one. I'm waiting and searching but I have come up empty handed so far in the last 3 years and each time I ignored it it led to a relapse- but let me say it was my fault. This is a trigger. Nothing makes me want to drink like that of girl saying "Come onnn!"...So I'm fucked. That's decided today. I won't drink today or tomorrow but I know I will again. God seriously fuckkkk society. 
----------immediate responses--------

My wife of 20 years popped into my life when I was not looking.  I did not run into her in a bar or anywhere else where drinking is the predominate activity.  There are PLENTY of non-drinkers in the world looking for somebody just like you. I would try to be patient.  I would not start drinking again just to hook up with somebody who did.  
I wouldn't give up on non-drinkers just yet. If you're about to move to a new city I suggest checking out meetup.com and looking at the local meetups-- you can sort them by your interests for example hiking (sober!) hangouts gaming board games whatever you're into. Meetups are a great way to make new friends and I've seen a bunch of sober meetups in my area. There might even be a sober mixer meetup or something similar near you. ..I'm a woman also 25 and I know quite a few people who don't drink and some who drink but don't have an addiction like us. They're out there don't give up! :)
Try finding a club or group that is interested in non drinking things you are. And a hint from a 20 something woman. I am far funnier and interesting sober than while drunk. When sober I love to hike and swim and run read learn about math equations and so on and so forth. When I am drinking I like to drink.
Hey brother.  Little back ground on myself.  Been drinking absuively to black out roughly for 7 years 19-26.  I can't drink casually I have to drink to black out once I start.  I dated a girl in college loved her deeply too.  Got blacked out and broke up with her back in 2012.  My drinking drove me to self harm for years still to this day fight urges.  A few failed suicide attempts while shit faced later I'm still single...I love video games.  New destiny expansion is coming and its gonna be awesome.  I picked up bodybuilding which I'm so excited to finally pursue competitively now that drinking is something out of my life.  My drinking always got in the way of really taking my physique to the next level.  Man I'm telling you focus on you.  Become the best version of yourself you can possibly be and it will attract someone that wants to be with YOU not a drunk you....Holler at me if you need anything man.
I met my boo at work. He doesn't drink often and he has one beer when he does. He also doesn't drink around me because he literally doesn't care enough about alcohol to feel like he's missing something. I've had my share of drinking and sober boyfriends in sobriety and he's the first good fit. If you would have told me a year and a half ago it would take this long to find him I would probably have been relieved to know he was coming but impatient that it would take so long. I'm glad I didn't give up over any love interests so far. As for friends I've made all of mine save co-workers at AA. For whatever it's worth to do the program having sober friends is priceless. I don't like everyone who goes to AA but the ones I do like are worth it.
[removed]
I am 28 and although I'm sure this changes depending on where you live and what sort of people you like to hang out with it was my experience that 25 was kind of the tail end of most gatherings being centered around alcohol for the majority of people I know... at some point things kind of naturally switched to board games and movies and jam sessions and coffee dates and parties are mostly chill backyard parties where everyone's driving home afterwards.  So it may get easier sooner than you think!  
Do you think that you'd make a good partner when you're active in your addiction?
[removed]
I agree with what others have said. I searched and searched and went on countless terrible first dates for three years. I met my girlfriend (of two years now) when I stopped looking...I'm 28 and I can say that the drinking culture does taper off somewhat in the late 20s. There are always groups who do continue to drink and drink and drink and they will probably be barhounds for most of their lives... but the majority of people in their late 20's I think get settled into full-time jobs and don't have the energy interest or time for partying anymore. Most of my friends now (my GF included) are the type who can order one beer and leave half of it on the table when they leave. ..Sober(ish) friends and potential partners are out there... 
Hey man I stopped drinking at 22 I'll have 5 years sober in 10 days and I'm 28 years old. I know it sucks everyone out there seems to be drinking and in actuality a lot of 20 somethings are out there drinking but you want to know something- none of that matters. What other people are doing or not doing doesn't matter at all and the most important person to you needs to be you so take care of him and I'll bet you anything a great person will come along. You have to focus on yourself...If you feel up for it try some different AA meetings the first few I tried weren't for me either and in fact the one I stuck with I only kept going to initially because they made me the designated coffee maker. A book that helped me a lot was Untethered Soul by Michael Singer I highly recommend it.
I think focus on continuing to develop and improve yourself on some goals. It might be educational fitness adventure travel artistic etc. If you like hiking plan for trails each weekend or find a hiking meet-up group. Take a class on a topic that you are truly interested in.  Join a martial arts studio. Just think about something(s) that sound interesting to you and/or skills you would like to develop. A few years from now you will be glad for the self-improvement. Along the way you will naturally meet people including single women who have shared interests with you. You will become a more interesting person in the process which makes you more attractive especially to positive grounded women who have goals of their own and don't have time for much drinking.  
