-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51e6y3/i_used_my_pain_and_hurt_as_an_excuse_to_get_blind/

The last time I used my emotional state as an excuse the relapse lasted 3 years. .It has happened again. I decided to come back within 48 hours. I wish I could say it is because I want to but the truth is that what I used alcohol for isn't working this time. No matter how much I poured it would not make me care less. So now I'm just as fucked up the hurt is amplified and I'm fucking hung over. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm here I'm hurtng too but I will not drink today. I wish I could give you a hug.
I'm so glad you are back...I'm finding that the tools I use to not take that first drink are different from those I need to use to build a sober life. My resolve not to drink becomes easier and harder with each sober day. Easier because the cravings are so few and short lived. Harder because it's easy to minimize the consequences of drinking which gives that stinkin' drinkin' thinking a bit of room to lie to me. ..Alcohol never worked for what I wanted it too -- relieve stress enhance mood kill pain -- I just believed the lie that did. I took a few falls off the wagon before I actually began to believe instead of just intellectually know that alcohol cannot does not and will not bring anything positive to my life. ..Kudos on making the decision to return even though you don't want too. I will not drink with you today. 
Hey u/barnboy...glad you came back so quickly only 48 hours. It sounds like there was some heavy emotional stuff going on...how are you doing with that?? OK so the hangover will go away - the bottom line is that you're here and I'm so damn happy that you are my friend. If you can conjure up some of that Incredible Hulk strength let's continue on...shall we?? ;) I'm here for you {hugs} xoxo
We love you man. Glad you're back! This is the place to be.
The first time I relapsed I was with a family member who drinks A LOT of wine so I joined in without a second thought. Really no rhyme or reason. The second time which was when I met you here I had some true feelings that were building up over time. My anxiety was at an all-time high by the time I chose to have the first drink. I was sad mad and hateful at that moment and chose to drink. Two bottles of wine. I learned so much from that day. I learned that alcohol didn't take my sadness away. It didn't help at all as a matter of fact. I also learned I'm human and to not beat myself up too much. ..You mentioned having a rough night last Saturday. I'm assuming that's part of what brought you to drink? I'm so happy you didn't disappear for days or years! We are here across the world to support you! Know that the feeling you are feeling will pass. ((Hugs))!!!
i hear you barnboy. there's been a lot weighing on my mind and my heart for the last month or two. and during the toughest days i really think about just guzzling some alcohol but idunno...every time I think about having a few drinks or getting drunk I'm really turned off. ..I imagine starting to drink and thinking "Now what??" ..it's like there's just nothing to do while drinking. it's like being sick. I can't / won't go out. I obviously won't be driving. ..There's nothing that I can do while drinking that I'd enjoy more than if I just remained sober. Everything I do with my life now I enjoy doing it sober.  And then you wake up the next day feeling like shit. Drinking is just paying money to get sick...My body definitely does not want alcohol.  My mind on the other hand romanticizes alcohol sometimes but the water is not so polluted these days and I can see to the bottom. There's nothing there for me anymore. ..I compare it to playing with toys when I was a kid. And I remember the stage of my childhood when toys no longer did it for me - I could no longer sit there and play pretend with my little action figures. ..Alcohol has turned into the adult version of that. 
I truly believe there is no problem alcohol does not make worse.  Welcome back and I won't drink with you today.
