-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51fiqw/if_you_replace_alcohol_with_heroin/

If you replace alcohol with heroin visually in the drinking and advertising scenarios around you it suddenly shines this huge spotlight on how absurd our acceptance of drinking is. It's a fact that alcohol is dangerous and unhealthy for our bodies. It's a fact that alcohol is an addictive substance. Imagine going to buy cheese at the store and instead of some Cabernet laying there you see a syringe and vile of heroin. Imagine going to a football game and the guy beside you straps his arm up and takes a hit of heroin then drools on himself for the next quarter. Would you laugh like you do at the drunk? Yea people claim other drugs are worse than alcohol but when it boils down to it alcohol kills way more people... and in the end it's still an addictive substance that makes you drool pass out get sick loose your shit drive erratically embarrass the HELL out of yourself and not to mention destroys your organs (to name a few). It's like saying Joe is healthier because he only eats 1 c. of busted up glass a week where Carl eats it everyday he's got  the real problem. I feel like I am suddenly waking up in a world where everyone still believes in witches and is out burning people on a cross and I'm like Woah let's think about this shit for a minute. Today marks 20 days for me and quite honestly I feel a little pissed. I'm pissed at humanity. Don't get me wrong I love the fact that humans have given me air conditioning running water and blue grass music (first shit that popped into my head). But I'm just pissed that I have been conditioned my whole life to see these images of this poisonous ass shit and been convinced it makes my life more 'relaxed' or more 'creative' or 'less mundane'. I use to identify as someone who loved a strong IPA in the back of a brewery or a shot of whiskey before ... well anything really. It's like my self identity somehow had this extra notch that included "laid back chick who likes beer blue grass and not judging people based on stupid shit". Now I think it's all such a large farce. Now I'm just a laid back chick who likes bluegrass music not judging people on stupid shit.. and who hasn't been hungover in 20 days. Good luck out there people don't be too hard on yourself for struggling with this mess. We have a huge influential believable society convincing us every day it's Great! Well it's not. Much love to ya humans. Cheers to not drinking together today! 
----------immediate responses--------

I had the same realization. It's crazy when you really think about it. But all I can do is worry about my own personal health.. not societys as a whole..With that being said is hard to not be "preachy" if you want to bring these thoughts up with others.. 
It's only once you step away from alcohol that you can really see it for what it is. It's scary not just how it's accepted but actively encouraged. "Oh go on just have one hit of heroin whats wrong with you !! Dont be boring!!"..You should burn witches at the stake though those things are dangerous..
Ha yes! This is a great post and was just what I needed to read. My brain is starting to tell me alcohol is a normal part of life when it's just normally a part of my life when things are shite. Thank you! 
Great post!  
Great post!
To be fair heroin never caused me any problems except for going overboard a few times and ending up with minor withdrawals which would always prompt me to sell the rest of my stash and ride it out. The scene around it on the other hand.....Alcohol is a hard drug absolutely but I run strongly against the neo-prohibitionist mindset. ..We can't drink. The majority of people can and demonizing alcohol does absolutely nothing to solve our problems. ..I've seen that same attitude lead to a lot of self-righteous assholes in the rooms. Focusing on our own problems is the key the 10% or so of people who are wired for alcoholism can't drink but a minority rule isn't just impractical it's also unfair to those who don't have a problem and smacks of elitism...Think like a normie for a second. They know alcohol can be addictive they also know that they don't seem to have trouble stopping. Now you have someone who used to be a problem drinker telling you that "ALCOHOL IS THE DEVIL IT'S POISON IT'S JUST LIKE HEROIN." Your reaction is most likely going to be to roll your eyes if you're confrontational you might even end up insulting them. Not in favor of the alcohol but because the person in front of you clearly lacks self control and thinks everyone else does too...The differences are what make us alcoholics and we have to handle ourselves. Focusing on the problems of society at large acceptance of alcohol use in wider society drinking culture all that is just shifting blame from ourselves to the world we live in which is counterproductive at best and downright harmful at worst...For kicks I've described my alcoholism to normies not related to me a few times. They don't get it at all. Most of them think five or six shots is a wild night while I was taking that just to quit shaking and think clearly enough I could plot out my hustle to get the next twenty or so drinks I needed to get through the day and pass out for long enough that the liquor stores would be open when I got up the next morning...I'm not saying it's not a bit weird or that it's healthy all I'm saying is that our problems rest within ourselves not within a culture created for the vast majority of people who can actually drink one or two and go home or occasionally get plastered off of a twelve pack in a night...And honestly I think the ways our brains are wired interpret the drinking culture differently than most people do anyways but I'd have to go around with a survey to actually prove that.
I had a similar discussion; I referred to a bar as a crackhouse for booze. My friend commented that bars are nicer. I replied that was because of the health code. If you could go to a crackhouse with electricity plumbing nice seats and a bunch of tv's it wouldn't seem so weird.. .EDIT; https://youtu.be/PD5yNO2jkNo
Truer words have never been uttered. To another day sober!
I totally agree. To us alcoholics booze is just like heroin. My father died from it my boyfriend died from it and I almost died from it.
Agreed this is how I still see things. Also getting addicted to alcohol should be seen as the rule not the exception. I'm still convinced that anyone who drinks regularly enough will eventually become an alcoholic but maybe my perspective is skewed...
Hello! chiming in here. To start I agree. Heroin + Xanax where my main twists. (Alcohol was always involved of course). I always think that us heroin addicts are lucky and I feel bad for the people who's drug of choice was alcohol. I live in a suburban area and there is one part of the city I need to avoid in order to avoid heroin completely. Alcoholics see alcohol everywhere they go. Thats crazy to me! If I where to go out to dinner and the waiter was to offer me a bag of dope or a bar of xanax instead of the drink they always offer me I cant say for sure I would still be here. Anyways nice post! Keep on truckin people. I got mad respect for y'all !
[deleted]
Craziest part is that alcohol withdrawal can kill. Heroin withdrawal is horrific to witness or experience but it does not kill you. I sat with a very well known addiction psych Ph.D. and he proceeded to tell me that amphetamines / inhalants were the most damaging substances to the brain. Alcohol &amp; benzos &amp; were next. Runners up were coke heroin and opiates. By golly ethanol it's an ultimately damaging and downright fatal substance for alcoholics but relatively benign for normies. Therein lies the rub. I try not to engage in the "alcohol is poison" topic to people who can legit have a glass of something &amp; walk away merrily. I don't really understand them and suspect no amount of talking will help them understand what it's like to be a complete and utter boozebag. (Albeit sober)
