-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51hrxy/for_everyone_who_doesnt_like_aa/

That's okay! One method of recovery isn't going to work for everyone. I can tell you that AA has been beneficial for me in my recovery but I've only gone about 8 times in the last 20+ months. Honestly I credit this group along with friends/family for keeping me sober. This sub has been an amazing tool for me! It's crazy how support from a bunch of strangers online can really help a sister out. After being here for a while you all feel like family. This is a whole world of people who understand me. A lot of times you feel completely alone in your addiction until you reach out to someone who has been there. It's then that you realize that you're not crazy. And that is an awesome revelation. If you need a little (or a lot of) help keep coming back here. My journey isn't over yet but I've been here long enough to trust these guys with all of my struggles concerns thoughts etc. Will you commit to not drinking with me today?
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you today.  And I agree this sub is amazing!  Would not have made two days without it.  
I'm in!
I agree this sub is the best. Mainly because there are people like you here :) Thanks for the positive post hope you're doing well out there in the world. 
I'll gladly not drink with you today :)
I like AA because I can get deeper into my issues than I do here.  Plus it helps me when I get support in person.  And the coffee isn't *that* horrible.  ..But I really like coming to this sub too.  Helps to keep me focused when I get overwhelmed. 
I would be pleased not to drink with you today! Believe it or not one of the reasons (although a pretty lame &amp; convenient one) I kept drinking was I really didn't want to go back to AA and kept trying to go it alone. I was sober for 12 years prior to the 8 years I've just spent drinking and initially went to AA for a few months which I did get benefit from. My plan is to absolutely catch a meeting if I start to feel shaky but so far this is suiting me much better! Wow.... 627 days. Can't wait to see where I am when I'm where you are at now :)
I went to AA for about 2 months when I got sober but ultimately it wasn't the right support network for me in the long-term. I will not drink with you today!
I'm with you not drinking today. And it's the kind of day I would have let drive me to drink. You and the others here are like a meeting of AA Plus that is open 24/7. Thanks all
Committed! You can do it! And so can I!
I agree &amp; I'm in. I will not drink with you today! Thanks for the post :)
I tried it and I keep coming back. Lol at my two days but it works   I'm still kinda lazy like at school
Just got back from a meeting.....and I will not drink with you today. 
I love AA because it caters to a lot of older sober alcoholics as it is all they had when they needed help. It's the only place you can see a grey haired macho quiet man cry freely with tears of sorrow or joy and all the other tough old blokes pat him on the back and give him meaningful topical advice.
I went to Aa for two weeks straight when I got sober this most recent time and it helped.  I have no problem sharing to anyone willing to listen one on one but when it came to sharing in the group I couldn't do it.  I've always hated public speaking. So far my family friends and this sub have helped a ton. 
I will not drink today and appreciate how supportive everyone is here..
I am so glad this sub exists. We all have our own path towards the same goal and we can all support each other! 
Thanks for the post. ..Its funny but SD has been a massive contributor to me realizing just how crazy I am. .I am very crazy and not in a good way. I now need to deal with the crazy without the escape of alcohol. ..I will not drink with you today. 
This sub Allen Carrs easy way to stop drinking book smart recovery and support from my family have rooted me in my sobriety. I'm sober happy and and I am never going back to the bottle.
