-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51irm3/im_not_broken/

After a conversation with my therapist I've been having some thoughts I wanted to share. After a pretty big mistake last week in which I got incredibly drunk blacked out and drove home (somehow got safely home) I have been feeling really awful about myself. This is a theme for my life - I tend to beat myself up over everything. Obviously this was NOT a small mistake and I regret everything but it does not make me a terrible person. ..I don't think I'm alone in seeing my mistakes as a reflection of who I am as a human. I have found in "recovery" people often look at themselves as broken. It is woven into the language we use - recovery addict alcoholic etc. For me I feel like this creates an atmosphere in which I become the victim powerless to this disease that keeps me consuming substances. While the resources we use to stop drinking are valuable I am glad he helped me to look at this with a different light because I was definitely going down that dark rabbit hole. ..I wanted to take the time to remember to treat myself with some kindness. I am not a terrible person. I am not broken. I make mistakes and I have the power to choose differently next time. I am able to make the choice to not drink if it isn't a healthy choice right now but I'm not less worthy because of this struggle. My genetics and upbringing predispose me to make bad decisions but don't determine my destiny. ..When I am looking at things in this way I see that I am actually strong. I can overcome my predilections to make healthier decisions. I can be creative and inspired without substances on board. I can have a great time without being altered. I am indeed good company without being intoxicated. However substances don't define me and I am so much more than just my status in sobriety...Here's a guide to countering negative self talk that he has referred me to but I haven't yet read:.http://web4.uwindsor.ca/units/edc/EDCdept/edudev.nsf/0/62c81ceba9926377852574020051a945/$FILE/Self-Talk%20session%201.doc
----------immediate responses--------

Beating oneself up never helps. Pick up and carry on.
It's good to remember that sometimes good people do bad things.  ..:::..I do think it can be very difficult to strike a balance between being too hard on oneself vs. being too soft and not holding oneself accountable. I think this is an important element to staying quit.  There's a pretty active post elsewhere on SD right now that is discussing a similar topic (how to think about relapse) that's worth a read.  .
Word! Great perspective - thank you for sharing.
Thanks for this. Helped a lot. Trying to figure out the middle ground of not talking to myself like I'm the world's biggest piece of shit while still holding myself accountable. Just glancing at the link you put here do you think you had an issue with self-talk before you realized you had a drinking problem?
