-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51ka1g/found_out_something_about_my_sponsor/

This year I found a really great sponsor and had 3 months (my longest stretch of sobriety ever!) of continuous sobriety and went on a trip to see family. During this time I really felt like my sponsor and I were becoming good friends and that we had a lot in common. I felt really comfortable talking to him and was able to confide in him that I was sexually abused as a child. I had a trip coming up where I was going to encounter my abuser and was concerned about it and almost canceled the trip but I had already paid for it so I felt I had to go. Well I ended up having a panic attack and relapsed as I didn't know any other way to cope. My sponsor was very understanding and helped immensely to get me back on track. I've known since I met him that my sponsor had been to prison and I assumed it was for a violent assault on someone when he was drunk as that was what I thought he had alluded to. But last week I asked him why he went to prison and the first thing he said was: "You're going to hate me." This caught me off-guard and I didn't know how I would possibly be angry at him for what he did to someone else. He then told me that he sexually abused children. I am now at a complete loss for words. I told him this was not a big deal and I was okay with it because he served his time but in reality I freaked out. I know I need to find a different sponsor but he regularly attends the only meetings I've ever been able to take seriously and I don't know what to do. I didn't drink over it and I'm not going to start but this whole thing has fucked me up and I now hate myself for trusting someone I didn't really know to confide in them such personal shit. I don't know how to politely back out and I really just wish that I could un-know what I heard. I do take some comfort in the fact that he turned himself in and he was honest with me when I asked and I didn't find it out from someone else but it still just sucks. We normally go out to eat after we go to the same Wednesday meeting but I don't know if I can do it now. I don't even know if I should go to the meeting.
----------immediate responses--------

fuck that. no. Deal breaker. Fire him before step four ..How can you ever see this as not a predatory dynamic/relationship? even if it's subtle. Or perhaps he is looking for redemption by helping a victim still inappropriate unless he was honest from beginning. ..I will have some actual constructive advice after some coffee this morning  but just wanted to let you know you've nothing to feel guilty or bad about in not working with him.
I feel for you.  A new sponsor can help guide you through this.  My thoughts are with you.
Yeah my friend.  Don't hate your sponsor because let's face it all sorts of people need to get sober and stay sober; but I think your sponsor's disclosure is a deal breaker in terms of the necessary requisite trust between sponsor and sponsor-ee.  
Wow eggs I'm sorry that would have me really fucked up. At least the truth is known. I don't know the best way to switch sponsors but hopefully ppl here have some good advice.
I would imagine that you are facing millions of really intense feelings right now. I am sorry this is happening to you. I am not in AA so I can't speak to that. But I can say don't worry about anything else right now but your sobriety. However you need to stay on track...find someone you can process this with...therapist friend family etc. and ask them to help you make a plan of action regarding the meetings and such. You got this and SD has your back. Also I am all for non-judgement but fuck this guy. .Edit: I just re-read your post...double fuck this guy...putting you in the position of you having to tell him "it's okay" because you didn't know what else to say. He knows 100% he shouldn't have put you in this position in the first place IMHO. Seems to me that whatever his reasons they come from a very selfish place. Edit edit: I forgot to mention how I think you are an absolute rockstar and just know you'll be able to get through all this nonsense lookin just as good if not better on the other side!!!! :):):):):) I am proud to not be drinking with you today &lt;3
It's absolutely okay to be feeling how you're feeling. It's also okay for this to be a deal-breaker. You can politely sever ties and say you can no longer be his sponsee and look for someone that is a better fit.
Not trying to defend any rapists or child abusers there but maybe ask him what happened. It could be something like he was 19 and had sex with an 15 yr old doesent that count as rape and child abuse in some countries/states? Different places have different laws regarding to this issue and i understand you really have problems with his past but maybe talk to him/her. Tell them that this is an major issue to you and maybe ask if they are willing to shead some light to it. Hell worst/best case scenario he could have been innocent...Please dont hate me for this. I wish all goes well for you.
I was also sexually abused as a child.  I would 100% not feel comfortable with a sponsor who had that in his or her past.  You are completely justified in not wanting to be around him any more and you don't need to feel guilty about cutting this person out of your life.  However you choose to handle it or how you feel about it your feelings are valid.  I don't really have anything else to add that hasn't been said other than I'm sorry about this huge bombshell you had dropped on you and huge kudos for sticking with your sobriety through all of this.
