-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51kqdi/ive_made_it_through_my_first_week/

I remember the last time I stopped drinking and made it longer than a week four years and some months ago (beggining of 2012) and I can't help but comparing what I went through then with what I'm going through now. Back then I was going to AA living with my parents in the neighbourhood where I grew up. The first few days were hard but I remember how they payed of almost immediately. Soon enough I was kind of happy (happier than I'd been before happier than I'd been in a long while) and clear-headed I had my old friends with whom I'd hang often most of them supportive of my move to quit drinking. I made some plans about my future and after a month I started drinking again ocassionally. Started out with a few beers on weekends and kept that up for a long period of time (little less than a year) before going of the rails again...But I followed through with the plans that I had made in my sobriety: I worked and studied then I found a good job working of what I was studying (programming) and moved out of my parents' home. Once I got there my checklist ended. I had no more steps on my to-do list so I just kept it up and drank my free time away..Now I'm in a small apartment in a small town that doesn't have AA meetings where I only have one or two friends. I'm not doing very well economically and I'm two months in in a 2 year contract for the place that I'm renting. This was my last gift in my drunk haziness: deciding to settle here despite the previous 8 months of living in this town which in hindsight were clear indication that I should return to the city where I was born and raised. I'm a freelancer and currently out of work though I have some money to go on for a while but need to start working soon to be able to carry on...Sobriety hasn't affected me the way it did before. I mostly lie in bed depressed sleep over 12 hours each day smoke and drink coffee. I had a dream one of these days in which I kept going back to a time in the dream and then proceeded to do different things a groundhog day situation mixed with video-game second chances it was a sort of time travelling that allowed me to correct my previous actions and start all over. When I woke up and realized that life didn't work that way I burst out in tears...After 3 years of heavy drinking and bad decisions I've got nothing. I made no progress. I'm back where I started from or even worse. My life has gone by and years have passed and nothing came out of it..All my life's been like this even before drinking became a problem about 7 years back and I can't recall a time in which I was going somewhere or being good or pure. I feel empty...I'll still won't drink today at least I kind of learned that drinking doesn't solve anything but everything is still as shitty as when I was drinking...I guess I'm posting to hear from someone who struggles with this 'cause I know the daily meetings were much help the last time around and hearing from others will help me feel a bit less lonely...I stopped drinking this time 'cause an old friend came to visit me having heard some of my drunk stories from one of the friends I made since I live here and in his trip we drunk until the last night he was staying and that last night after a few beers he told me the reason he came was to tell me that I should quit. He told me what he had heard and how he thought he'd find me half dead in a ditch puking all over myself and he told me he was worried for me and that all my friends back home were too and he came to tell me that he had my back. But that's been a week ago and days seem endless now and I'm alone again and don't feel like talking to anybody and I'm paranoid everytime I walk out to the street 'cause I don't know who I know or don't know since most of the people I met here I met while being drunk and I probably was shitty to many of them and I bought coke from some others and had a good time with some others but I don't remember most of them...Excuse my rambling and forgive my grammar mistakes english is my 2nd language...Sorry for the long post but writing this helped me a bit. I feel shitty for how pitiful I sound though but it is written as it came out...Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

All I can tell you is my experience. I got sober really young and had 12 years. Went through I really chaotic/scary time in my life and thought I was safe to have a drink or 2 and spent the next 8 years in a bottle. I think that really clarified for me that I am not someone who can moderate. It's not an option. I got sober 4 days ago and 3 days ago found out the husband I loved &amp; trusted has been cheating on me repeatedly for 4 years. I feel drinking would only make the sorrow regret fear in my life worse. For me I've decided to be my own champion instead of deciding to be a victim and I thik not drinking is helping me stay in that mindset. Making myself make contact with others and getting some exercise has helped too. I wish the best for you :) Today let's not drink!
Congrats on week one! I am a few days behind you.  I really hope I never pass you but I do look forward in following your lead today and for many days to come..Stay strong!
great work on your week of sobriety.  things will get way better.  I feel like I have discovered some long lost secret by being sober.  my family is as close as we have ever been and I am living the life I am meant to live...in an unaltered state.
