-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51nhvw/planning_another_relapse/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Have you seen any doctors about depression/anxiety?  
[removed]
Yeah alcohol will remove all possibility of positive change. I wouldn't do it. Short term removal of bad feelings while making it harder to deal with the underlying causes. This has always been my experience.....How much exercise do you do? I have found it to be vital to improving my state of mind. Have you ever heard of the rat heaven experiment? The short version is this: we need to be physically socially and mentally active and satisfied to make putting down our substance of choice easier. Working on one of these (for me physical is the most impactful) has an immediate lowering effect on my thinking about drinking. ..Anyway stay with it for today one day at a time. You can do it! It sounds like a difficult moment and it will pass. There ARE ways out of this into something better. Keep reading posting keep asking for help on this sub. It will be given gladly. ..Sending you lots of positive vibes through the keyboard here. Did they get to where you are? 
Remember the hangovers? They are always full of despair for me. I also can't sleep well for days after tying one on. Maybe grab some ice cream and watch a movie. Go for a walk. Have you tried meditation? Meditation changed my life--improving my sleep and better compulsion control and general well being. 
I did not do anything about my drinking until I was backed into a corner. I have no clue what you need to get and stay sober and address your mental health issues. I needed rehab/therapy/AA. If I were in your shoes I would be calling my doctor to have that professional look all of the stuff going on in my life and how to move forward.
That does sound tough no doubt about it. I guess the only thing I can say is that there really is no situation so bad that alcohol can't make worse. There are times in life where I think man I have messed up so much I've got nothing together at all. Whether that true or not doesn't really matter it's that mode of thinking which pushes me to want to drink (which for me was almost 100% about escaping a difficult or depressed emotional state). Recently I've been getting that feeling as well that hopeless feeling. Learning how to do deal with that feeling (damn with ANY feeling) without alcohol is my current goal in life. And to learn how to do that well that implies that I'll have to go through some pain. I'm trying to accept that pain and have faith that it serves a purpose. I know from my own and others experience of pain that it is a teacher that if we run away from it we miss it's lessons...Having said that I don't want you or me or anyone to suffer needlessly! So when I get that hopeless feeling I try to snap out of it a bit and just focus on TODAY.  What's something that I can do today that will help me move forward be it a small task like cleaning up calling a friend or family member to talk going for a walk whatever. I try and put the future out of my mind and just focus on today. ..I wish I could give more and better advice but I don't know your situation well enough and I'm not an expert. But there is always hope for change. Reaching out to those around you just to talk it out might help as well. ..In any case I know those moments you describe and I know there is a pathway out of them. ..
[removed]
Nothing you are saying sounds stupid...it's much easier to maintain sobriety when everything is going swimmingly  not so much when nothing is going well. I often drank to make unbearable feelings of anxiety and depression quiet down just w little bit because I couldn't take it so I relate a great deal.  Are there any resources for you to access that can help support you with some of the things your struggling with job etc? You can't control some things in your life but you can control not following through on this planned relapse. You are only burying your head in the sand by doing that. It's hard to wait until things get better but I believe in you &lt;3 I will not drink with you today.
I have come to learn that I need daily exercise and daily transcendental meditation to keep my stress levels low and manage my life and keep myself as happy as possible.  When I stop doing them every day I start to notice myself not feeling good and I get myself back to doing the things I need to do.  
You made it another week good on you! In my experience I was diagnosed with depression and prescribed medication. Of course I didn't stop drinking and took the medication for 2 months - did nothing for me. Once I stopped drinking and took the medication properly it worked great. I hope you can get an appointment with your doctor and straighten out the med's.
