-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51phpb/life_feeling_too_safe_for_a_26yo_the_norm_is_so/

I've been struggling for last 6 months. Self-esteem is dismal. Got out of a relationship 5 months ago (she moved to a dif city)....Being single bothers too much for my liking. I go out all the time (3-4 nights a week). I speak to girls- laugh get phone numbers went on a couple dates. But they've never lead to as much as a kiss....On the rare occasion I get attention from a girl- I'm too **inhibited** to take it anywhere with a girl....I've got a solid network of friends (including some I live with). All drink have relationships but are super respectful of my choice....Work-wise I'm run my own company. Loving the work I do. I've got some legal issues (quite stressful) with my previous business partner. This definitely is a thing....My state of mind sucks....I'm stressed out of my mind. I see friends able to switch off. I look around and wonder why I'm going against the norm. I'm struggling to justify it. A temporary escape is so appealing. I'm missing out on making mistakes. Mistakes I could learn from. I find myself asking why I'm doing this and if I'm actually missing out on sharing experiences with my peers- even things I'll regret...This place rarely fails to give me some sound advice. I waited a long time to post here after feeling bad for a while.
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you're completely normal to me. I do the same things - and I look around at other people and sometimes think why are they so normal and able to switch off and "do" this life thing so easily?..Truth is everyone struggles. Remember: the way you're feeling now will pass. Again: this will pass! A drink certainly wouldn't help my problems even though sometimes it's tempting. Would it help yours? If you're like me I don't think so...I can only give you advice based on what id do in your situation. I would try to strengthen my sobriety by writing a gratitude list each night. I would remember the past but not dwell on it. I would be thankful for all the opportunities I have now that I'm sober...Lastly: take it easy and breathe! I suffer from anxiety and I often feel overwhelmed. Sometimes a drink or a drug seems like it would just take the edge off and let me chill out. But can I drink or take drugs normally? No. So I go for a run or work out...Hang in there and remember you're awesome!
Most people congregate around the lowest common denominator. It makes it easier to socialize but it does nothing to give meaning to your life. I guarantee there are a ton of people looking at their lives wishing they could get healthy and start their own business...I could drink and bind with my neighbors but I would go crazy trading tips on how to make my lawn look perfect reminiscing about old times and wondering how to get the kids off their electronics.
After 20 years or more of heavy drinking I can tell you that you are not missing out on anything.  I wish I would have come to accept this earlier in life.  This exact feeling was a big factor in my continued drinking.  I am slowly accepting that I cannot go out and tie one on and leave it at that.  It leads to obsession.  Everybody else goes back to their normal life but I get stuck in the bottle......every night!  I have come to cherish my sober streaks and am not missing out on the misery and lies.  The problem with regrets are forgetting them and those regrets that ruin your health or end up in incarceration.  Screw regrets!  
