-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51sv27/my_sober_lows_are_harder_than_drinking_lows_this/

My drinking lows are superficial and pass quickly and without incident. I'm tired I'm hungover I'm eating too much. ..My sober lows are anxiety self-doubt and the clarity to see I've let alcohol-induced complacency put my career in bad bad place. ..I'm in a weird space right now and frankly just venting a little. It's troubling to take a real inventory of where I am at relative to where I think I should be. I've spent the better part of decade taking the path of least resistance and am now paying the price so to speak. I'm confident I can overcome all of this and I know it won't happen overnight. Rationally things are fine. I will persevere. Emotionally I'm struggling currently. Everything is raw and I'm tackling a lot at once. I feel overwhelmed. ..I don't really want to drink and I'm happy to be taking quantifiable and concrete steps to a better me. But this self-improvement business requires more effort and honesty than ignoring everything. ..Woe is me and all that. See you guys tomorrow. .
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; But this self-improvement business requires more effort and honesty than ignoring everything...Isn't that the truth!  Hang in there.  It was worth it for me.  My life got so much better for me as I took consistent action to improve it and over time it actually improved tremendously from the time and effort  I put in.
Remember there is a fine line between trying to solve actual problems and beating yourself up in the name of self-improvement.  ..For what little it's worth I made little 'to-do' lists and promised myself that if it went on the list it went out of my head.  Then I tackled the list in a calm manner (i.e. one thing per day/ work on list from 12-2).  It seems silly but sometimes little mental organizational tips can rid you  of the all over the place 'overwhelmed' feeling.
Yep. It's like ignoring your yard for a couple of years. Weeds take over bald patches appear Crab Grass pops up all over the place...Trying to get that yard looking good and healthy again require some work. A. Lot. Of. Work...But it's worth every drop of sweat. Once it's in order then it's just a matter of maintenance...
Read some zen essentials or something. Breathe in breathe out. Everything is temporary. ..Don't mind the voice in your head. Listen to the leaves in the wind.
