-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51u6yd/i_made_it_to_day_22_thanks_to_sd/

I just wanted to say a HUGE thank you - to everyone who posts comments and shares their stories and thoughts here. I came *this* close to having a drink last night but because of what I have read here what I now understand about my drinking/drinking behavour (that I hadn't even bothered to try and understand previously) because of my damn commitment to the daily pledge and my joy in seeing the numbers on my badge grow I didn't. ..The context: Something wonderful happened at work for (to?) hubby yesterday. It was the culmination of a lot of hard work and persistence on his part and he felt suitably pleased. After dinner we strayed in dangerous territory and were well on our way to talking ourselves into "just one or two just to celebrate". ..As an aside one of my 'lessons learnt' in the last few weeks is that any excuse to celebrate is a trigger for me - it seems I need to relearn how to appreciate the good in my life.....Anyway like I said well on our way to convincing ourselves that it was ok just to have one or two to toast his achievement. It was at this point in the proceedings that my lizard brain really kicked in - telling me (I am cringing as I write this..) that because hubby was really only doing this 'stop drinking' thing for me and given he had been such a good sport about it I should be able to do this one thing for him. He wants to have a few drinks together to celebrate something he feels proud of surely I don't have the right to say no to that? Wouldn't that be very selfish of me? .."But damn I'll have to reset my counter". That was the thought I answered my lizard with...Now while hubby knows I have been hanging around here we haven't spoken about it in any great detail. So I told him. I told him about the daily pledge and that I had made it earlier that afternoon (and that someone - thank you /u/Lee_in_NY - had even said congrats on making three weeks). I told him about all the other people who had said 'well done' to me and others for each and every incremental achievement. I told him about my badge and how it made me smile to see the number getting higher but mostly I told him **your** stories; of relapse and reset of struggling with moderation and what it may mean to achieving our own goals and I told him about your achievements and positive change and how inspiring I found it all. As I was talking he made us both a cup of tea and in the end we celebrated his awesome-ness by waking up this morning sober...So...THANK YOU all! Deeply and from the bottom of my sober and happy heart! :)
----------immediate responses--------

This post is amazing and inspiring thank you for sharing and thank you for the support. Congratulations from the bottom of my heart for making to day 22 :)
Hi PL! First CONGRATULATIONS on a wonderful NDV! You were close to picking up and you didn't. You came here you talked it out with your husband you thought about how happy and strong you are in your victorious 3 weeks and how you want to keep going. This is incredible; please realize how awesome it is that you had tea instead of alcohol :)...Next congratulations to your husband on his victory at work! Sounds like you both had a lot to celebrate last night and both of you remained vigilant. ..And thanks so much for the shout out. SD has been my lifeline and I try to give back as much as I can; if it weren't for you and our SD family I can honestly say that I wouldn't be sober today. Just knowing that we've made a difference for someone by saying a kind word offering congrats having virtual ice cream parties mourning losses welcome-backs from relapses...it makes a world of a difference. I'm so grateful to be a part of this world on the internet that we can truly call 'home'...You're doing fantastic so happy to be here with you my friend :). {hugs} xo
This is awesome!!  I yearn for my husband to stop drinking with me. Maybe someday. In the meantime I will congratulate those of you who are on this sober journey as a team. Last night your 'teammate' led you to a win.   ..Great job to you both!! And congrats to him on his work success!
Congrats on 22 days! What an accomplishment.
Congrats! That's such a huge accomplishment. I'm having a tea with you tonight :)
This is beautiful. Thanks for sharing :)..Surely is a fantastic bunch of peeps here :)
