-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/522drp/shakes_after_sobering/

I've sobered up multiple times. Last month I spent a time at rehab (due to a fairly short relapse after a period of being clean) and got clean again. I've also spent months clean in the past on my own. ..In withdrawals my whole body shakes.. But like now when I sober up my hands never stop. It isn't so bad when I'm not doing anything but when I drink from a glass eat or basically raise my arms for anything my hands shake. ..Does anyone experience this? It can last me months and never really shows signs of getting better. It's kind of a source of relapse for me because it makes me feel broken..I've considered it may be dehydration or maybe I'm malnourished.  But I eat well and drink over a gallon of water a day. I've also had a physical and doctors say I'm fine on this end
----------immediate responses--------

There are myriad factors at work.  Best response is see a doc...Just curious what do they say about the shakes?
Not a doctor but I will say I have seen some truly remarkable rebounds over the years in AA .  At times it took years to undo the damage we inflicted but I have seen the incoherent become intelligible.  And you aren't there...Keep at it.  Staying sober is probably the first thing....
Get your thyroid checked. Thought my shakes from withdrawal kept going for a long time and turns out I have hyperthyroidism 
I know how it was for me.  That's something I can share. ...When I got sober I was homeless and had a whole lot of nothing. ..However I was lucky enough to get into AA and I met a group of old timers who showed me how to live as well as kept me alive through the living hell of the shakes and dt's...My hands shook for a few months back then. I couldn't have a cup of coffee or water without spilling it on myself and the people around me...I also remember the last months of drinking I would be the same shaking until I got a few drinks into me....Anyway the folks who helped me get sober had me eat bananas a lot of bananas.  You would have thought I was a fecking monkey.  Also a lot of hard candy to replace the sugars I wasn't getting without the huge amounts of alcohol I had been drinking daily. ..Eventually they went away and are just a painful memory for me now. A very stark memory of one on the myriad things waiting for me with the next drink...I can't promise you that you will experience what I have  I can wish you the best on your journey of sobriety. ..Good luck. 
