-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/525eps/the_badge_is_just_a_damn_number/

Relapsed a while back but u haven't drunk since. I don't know what day it was. I almost convinced myself to have a drink a couple weeks ago to have an exact day and know exactly when I stopped drinking. Then I realized how stupid that is. Sometimes you just don't know. Like a bunch of other shit in life. No closure. Oh well. Today I won't drink for the ?th day in a row. Chairs to that. 
----------immediate responses--------

The only day that really matters is today so good for you for not drinking TODAY! The badge can be awesome but good for you not letting it inspire a case of the "fuckits".
I used to play all sorts of games with my "quitting date" and literally had dozens and dozens of "quit days".  I would say hmm let me drink today since tomorrow is 9/11 and a good day to quit since I will remember it.  Then 9/11 comes and I am like well let me quit on 9/12/16 since three divided by 9 is 3 and by 12 is 4 and I like the number 34 a lot.  It was really absurd and just a way for me to justify my drinking with nonsensical excuses.  I am glad to see that you did not convince yourself of the same.
I like my badge because every new month I'm sober I can indulge in chocolate and ice-cream lol but you're right it's just a number and today is the day that ultimately counts. Cheers to not drinking today. ..I feel like my closure is that I don't turn to alcohol when shit goes wrong anymore. My laptop got stolen on Friday and normally I would buy a bottle and drink. I feel closure cause I did not do that instead I sucked it up lol. 
Without my badge I would had that random beer (again) by now. Actually I  did just that a couple of times early on. Lost weeks of not drinking for a beer. Then I thought "well I have to reset anyway so I'll have a couple more days where I can have a beer before lunch".  Only took me one day to be ready to jump back in. So my badge sort of keeps me honest. I'm thankful for anything that helps without being overbearing. Good wishes.
Yes the badge is just a number. But a military medal is just a strip of ribbon and as my late boyfriend the Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant said "You would be amazed at what some men would do for a little bit of ribbon."
&gt;Sometimes you just don't know...I've actually tried to forget but I can't.
In a way every day is day 1 for each of us. 
