-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52696y/off_the_rails_for_about_a_month_now/

It started pretty innocently a drink after a rough call shift. That was about a month ago and I've been back in my old ways since. Drinking alone to intoxication started smoking cigarettes again. Overall a full blown relapse. I'm posting here for perspective. I think I could use some. All comments welcome particularly those that recall my previous post history. 
----------immediate responses--------

I noticed in a couple of your posts that your goal was to not quit entirely but to drink in moderation. In light of this past month is that still what you're aiming for?..Regardless I'm happy to see you reaching out. Proud to be here with you!
Welcome back..
I have been through it.  I just kept on trying.  I won't give up.  I kept adding layers to my plan which included IRL support.  As long as I keep progressing I won't be upset with myself.  I am actually coming to the realization that I can't drink without obsessing eventually.  Acceptance and surrender are paramount for me.  It has taken me too long to get to this point.  I never thought I would be happy with being sober.  I always felt like I was missing out.  I don't feel that way now. I am happy and proud of my decision to abstain from alcohol.  It only makes my life worse.  
[removed]
I recall your previous post history. I remember you saying that you don't fit the DSM definition for "alcohol use disorder". Do you think you do now?
It may have been a month but I'm glad you came back :).
I've aimed for moderation including after a full year of sobriety. Generally ends with me drinking until drunk and beyond buying cigarettes and smoking them then throwing the remainder out in the morning. Easier just to burn the 10 bucks...I can only speak for myself but I find abstinence from booze easy and manageable. When I decide I can moderate is when it's obvious I've got a problem. Handle it how you see fit but in my case with nights similar to what you're subscribing moderation just isn't really in the cards.
My last attempt at moderation landed me in the hospital with a BAC of .239%. I can't moderate. Detox was hard. But anything is better than drinking ever again. I can't moderate.
I've been in a pretty rough place for the past 3 months... decided "f- it" and got a bottle of wine after a particularly stressful day.  That progressed to me going back to drinking like a fish and smoking like a chimney.  My drinking definitely has some relation to job/school-related stress also (in a PhD program while working full time).  Somehow I found time to drink nearly every day when I got home either to celebrate a good day to unwind after a rough day to make studying tolerable or for any other reason that I could come up with.  Meanwhile I was ignoring other important things that I should have been doing... like dealing with issues head-on and maintaining some semblance of order in my surroundings.  ..So now I'm back on Day 2... in the middle of cleaning and reorganizing my environment - partly to keep my anxious mind occupied and party because drunk me tended to make messes let papers pile in the office let clothes pile up in the bedroom and not take care of my living space in general.  I can always tell my state of mind and what my drinking pattern is like based on the amount of disarray around me.  I wish that I would have posted here after a month - maybe I'd have less of a mess on my hands - but I guess my bottom needed to be a bit lower this time...Moderation is tricky business when the point of drinking is to consume enough alcohol to get the desired effect.  Occasionally I think that I'm "getting the dose just right" but that can easily escalate to 8-12 standard units QPM to "set the mood."  *Side effects may include... hangovers acute gastritis IBS poor social relationships regretting things that you may have said while intoxicated not being able to find something that you just put down a few seconds ago...*  you get the idea.  One day I realized that the risks outweigh the potential benefits for me...Anyway I hope that taking a step back and evaluating your situation helps you to get to a better place than where you are.  Best of luck man!
I know that nicotine and ethanol are addictive substances so it's impossible to moderate.  If we all moderated those companies would go out of business. So I'm trying my hardest to stop.  Easier said than done!  ..After my son has had a rough call shift he plays computer games with friends and de-stresses.  ..Moderation does not work for me.
[removed]
