-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52aq72/i_really_want_to_relapse/

TL;DR None of my go to anxiety methods are working right now. A couple of shots would really set me at ease. ..I could use some support/advice/help/personal experiences anything...I'm stuck in the middle of a "vacation" visiting my boyfriends family. He's a huge dick and basically every problem in our relationship is my own personal problem. He has a talent for making me cry in public. This whole week has been just awful and it's only half way over. ..His sister in law admitted to me that she's been depressed for over a year and after 16 years of marriage she's exhausted from having to deal with his brother...His family loves to drink and they have a full bar and tons of minis. ..I'm so depressed I don't care about having to reset my badge. I want to drink and get drunk until this "vacation" is over. .
----------immediate responses--------

Whenever I have felt this way I would tell myself I will relapse tomorrow. I'll dig deep and just shut down for the rest of today. I would say if I still feel this way when I wake up I'll go ahead and drink. And what do you know all feelings pass.
If I were in the situation you describe I wouldn't be planning a relapse I'd be planning my life post-that relationship. Don't let those people impact your chance for happiness!
I'm so sorry you're dealing with this. It sounds really hard. 
I'm sorry you're going through this. However I would never ever jeopardize my sobriety that I worked so damn hard for because of a relationship that I may not even be in soon! Nope not worth it. I'd find a place to walk or just get away from it; think about this and not with him or his family present. If you were to pick up a drink right now you'd be miserable; you'd get drunk be hungover and looking for another drink to make it even worse..right? So I would choose to stay vigilant. I'd deal with it when this is all over because in the end you'll be the sober one making rational decisions and not suffering. Please keep checking in come into the IRC whatever you need - we're here for you :).
Can you leave? I'm not sure what your options are for simply removing yourself from the situation. I wouldn't risk my sobriety for someone who was treating me that poorly...or for any other reasons really! Best wishes.
This is awful and I'm sorry you're dealing with it. Not having the support you need must be very hard. It's not much but I'm thinking of you today.
This sucks and I'm so sorry that you are going through it. I've had my SO let me down and basically throw me under the bus at times as well. No loyalty no compassion. It has made me so angry and sad that I've wanted to escape into a bottle. But then I remind myself that I don't want to give away something so important to me (my life in control and sober) because of someone being a heartless thoughtless insensitve jerk. It's not worth it. I'm sending you good thoughts and I won't drink with you!
I'm so sorry you have to deal with that! Do you have access to a vehicle? Maybe go for a drive or find a nearby attraction to enjoy solo? That situation downright sucks. I'm thinking of you and I wont drink with you tonight!
Be strong. It's never worth drinking... I should know I'm only on day 2... AGAIN. 
