-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52d5k0/my_1oz_relapse/

I had a great week last week. I had a terrible week but also a great week. I'm pretty new here but I'm not going to share much of my history in this post because it'll get long fast. I just want to share a realization I had then lost and am trying to find again right now...For the first time in a long time last week I was OK just being. I had finally reached a point in my frustration at dealing with depression - CBT habits exercise diet learning socializing sleeping 8 hours  etc. - that I was just angry. I settled into being angry and I was fine just having an angry week. I didn't try to eat my way out of being angry I didn't try to drink my way out if it I didn't jolly myself along. I was present and mad about it but very much alive. I'm having trouble describing it a bit I usually really struggle with being present but last week I just didn't. I'd given up on being happy and just sat and stewed in being me. I didn't even mind being stuck in traffic. Why hurry home so I could just continue feeling mad there?..I hung out with an old friend of mine who I've listened to through her depression and that felt good. I avoided visiting my fiance because I felt poisonous. I felt like my anger and my hurt would escape and hurt him somehow if I went to see him. Like it would leak out my eyes when I looked at him and instead of seeing love there he'd see frustration and hatred. He's somewhat used to a happier me and I've often chosen to be a drunk version of myself over an unhappy one when I'm around him. So I didn't visit. And that whole time I didn't want to drink or escape or anything I didn't even snack too much. I just existed. ..Then Friday rolled around. I had put some good projects together for the weekend and was feeling less poisonous and more presentable and was going to go visit my fiance and stay at his place until Sunday. But he texted me just before I left to see if I wanted to stop by for a beer at his new work place. I was crushed. I haven't told him about my zero drinking goal yet. He's not a problem drinker and my drinking has never caused me any noticeable social problems so it was an earnest and innocent invitation. A year ago I'd have been thrilled full stop. Six months ago I would have felt a bit guilty but gone for it with a spring in my step. Two weeks ago I would have at least looked forward to the temporary escape and a night of drinking. But Friday I felt terrible. I finally wasn't having cravings! I really wanted to help him bond with his new work mates but I knew it could slap me right out of my comfortably hungry stable anger state and into my ravenous addict state. But as the title says I made my choice. I had an oz of whiskey...I'm not the kind of person who can't moderate. I can it's just WAY harder than abstinence. It changes my priorities in ways I'm not comfortable with. So no I didn't go home and keep drinking. He'd only wanted one I stayed for one we went home and had a fire and cooked some meat and watched Star Trek and went to sleep. I didn't even drink during our fire - usually unheard of for me I've literally never done that in my adult life. But I stuck with my resolve to not get derailed (big proud self-sticker for that one)...But the switch was flipped. Instead of spending the evening present enjoying the fire enjoying the food I was thinking about beer. Could I have a beer? Was it a good time? Would I be happier just giving in to the urge? Would I be better company drunk? I wound up talking to him about how poisonous I'd felt and I had a good cry about it and as I expected he said I was still a welcome addition to his life when I was miserable and it was up to me which "me" I wanted to be around him. So that left me with the choice as to whether or not I would drink and that night I chose not to...I haven't shared much of my struggle with him yet but I'm getting there. Yesterday I got drunk with the roommates and we all played rock band. I hadn't stopped thinking about it since that 1oz on Friday.  ..But I'm not going to throw good time after bad. No alcohol today and none tomorrow. My goal is zero not "sometimes" and this weekend just went to reaffirm how much harder "sometimes" is than "never". I have my resolve back but I still feel like part of me is chasing after feeling "ok". I think I need to be OK with not being ok but it's really hard...So that's what happened this weekend and I have four days to come up with a plan to not repeat this script next weekend. Wish me luck!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting this. You perfectly illustrate why moderation doesn't work for me. It's not that I can't just have one drink. I can.....It's just what happens after is never pleasant because my instinct is to want to drink much more and then the mental gymnastics begin...Far easier to not bother in the first place.....Rather than wish you luck I'd like to say that what works for me in the situations like this is to have checked-in here first thing each day. Then if temptation comes my way I remind myself that I promised I wouldn't be drinking that day. It's so much easier to pass then...I'll not pick up the first one with you today.
This is my relationship with moderation in a nutshell. I shouldn't say I CAN'T moderate. I can. I just don't really see the point because when I drink I want to get drunk generally. I can have 2 beers and stop. But the rest of the night I'll be thinking about how much I wanted to keep going.
Experiments in moderation led me to this little nugget of wisdom: "Moderation feels like deprivation and abstinence feels like victory." I feel great when I don't drink at all. I feel deprived and anxious when I try to moderate. Your post describes the moderation thoughts perfectly.
The one thing I'm learning about the concept of moderation for myself is this: if I have only one or two drinks and it causes me to spend a couple of hours (or an entire evening) thinking about/wishing I could have more ... that's not moderation: that's simply fighting an addiction. I may be briefly triumphing over it but it's still an addiction. I know no one else around me is sitting there with a glass in their hand waging a private little war with themselves over whether or not to have another one or paying attention to how quickly everyone else is drinking or speculating on whether or not to just "give in." That's MY battle and that's not a battle that "normal" drinkers routinely have to fight. It is the battle of an addict. ..I'm also still struggling with the concept of "never" but every day I go without a drink and every time I take on a new social situation that would have once included drinking (last night I went to a concert and had club soda -- unprecedented) the closer I am to realizing I just never want to fight those battles again...Thanks for sharing and hang in there!
Thank you so much for sharing. For the longest time I thought because I could have only one or two some days it meant I was okay but I was in denial of that mental strain it took to keep it at only one or two. It always had to and will always have to be drinking until completion. Anything else was just miserable and I'm tired of feeling that misery when I "moderate" and the shame when I drink the way I do. ..One day at a time! Today is a new day and I'll gladly not drink with you today! 
