-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52elrp/any_tips_for_licensing/

I have been struggling with drinking for about 10 years now.  I have made many attempts to stop drinking completely but always come back.  ..I read Alan Carr's book a few years ago and the chapter about "licensing" really hit home... I frequently use alcohol as a reward for hard work or almost as a crutch while doing chores and housework.  ..This makes quitting especially difficult because I have trouble being productive while sober at home after a long days work. After a few days I start second guessing my decision to quit since I actually seem to get less accomplished while sober...Does anyone have any tips / suggestions for dealing with this?  Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

I have to admit that I didn't make it that far in Carr's book so I don't know what he was referring to by 'licensing.' I do know that when I quit drinking I realized that I had a hard time giving myself permission to relax and have fun. In fact I would often start a weeknight of drinking by saying that it would "help" me get things done - in sobriety I even found an old to-do list that included taking a drink interspersed between various tasks like "I'll get x and y done then have a drink then I'll do z...." Nothing was crossed off though I'm sure I managed to get drinking done that night!..However much I deluded myself that drinking was "helping" get things done it really wasn't. Usually it just made me feel okay about not doing the things that I felt I should be doing. Taking time for self-care and relaxing fun activities makes me more productive overall. I'm learning in sobriety that it's okay sometimes to not be productive and I don't need to drink to give myself permission to take time off for myself...I'm not sure if this is exactly what you're talking about but I hope it helps!
I used to drink to get stuff done too.  Since getting sober I have found that I have a new perspective and willingness to do these things.  In the drinking days I hated doing chores and cooking and running errands.  But I found out I hated that stuff only because I was so consumed by my desire to drink that anything that wasn't directly related to drinking seemed like no fun...It's weird though I actually enjoy being productive today.  And I've gotten used to feeling good and feeling proud after being productive and that has been all the motivation I need.  It's a new way of life something very different than what I was used to. And so much better than what I was used to.
I also used alcohol as a reward for a job well done. For me it's been all about finding other ways to reward myself. I find investing money in my creative projects has really helped.  I went from "I *deserve* this beer" to "I *deserve* these new brushes and this new fabric and that quick-set epoxy!" ..Maybe I'm just turning a bad drug habit into a bad shopping habit but so far I've gotten so much value out of these little projects that I have zero regrets. I have new clothes and new furniture and half a painting that I'm happy to use and wear and look at because I made them. And it's not any more expensive than drinking! In fact I think I'm saving money. ..Other times I'll splurge on an activity that I wouldn't usually let myself do because of expense or other commitments. ..I deserve to go to this concert!..I deserve to go camping even though my friend wanted to meet for dinner that day...I deserve this unusual and possibly expensive food ingredient because I'm learning a new skill! $20 on truffle oil will last me a month. $20 on beer will last me a week or less.
Mindfulness.  Paying attention to what I am doing moment to moment helps me complete unpleasant tasks.  Somehow it makes it seem that time goes by faster when I am striving to pay full attention.  It's not a quick fix and it takes work but it is helping me stay on top of things that suck...Also I listen to podcasts I like while doing chores sometimes.  This is probably the opposite of mindful but at least they are about sobriety Buddhism and only occasionally murder most foul. ;)
