-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52i7ph/benefits_of_not_drinking_i_have_found_so_far/

Remembered the entire wedding reception I went to over the weekend. Knew I didn't make an ass of myself...No more stinky uncontrollable farts and strange stomach issues I couldn't shake no matter how much pro-biotic or yogurt I consumed ..No more struggles with bloating and my pants not fitting..No more struggles with dieting to lose the last 10 lbs I can't seem to shake..Less panic attacks..Better sleep..Depressive episodes last 3 weeks instead of 3 months..easier time being present 
----------immediate responses--------

Good post.
Sober sleeping is so amazing. 
I can agree with the weird stomach issues - SO much better and plus sleeping is awesome.
Great list.   .I like "easier time being present". I didn't really notice how bad the mental obsession with drinking had become. But it was definitely stopping me from being present.
The anxiety!! Even if I didn't do anything stupid or care if I did anything stupid the anxiety the next day would be unreal! 
The top 2 for me are-..Sleep quality ..Being present..It's amazing how much better my quality of life is because of these. It's like everything else is starting to click into place.
Easier time being present is a huge one for me. I've also noticed I'm laughing more I'm more clever and am able think of quips on the fly. I'm more motivated at school and at work. Being sober is one of the best gifts I've given myself. 
It's awesome what not drinking can bring us! Keep up the great work!
Well done Justalittleconfusing keep it up!
man im glad to hear about the stomach issues going away! honestly i'm actually too embarrassed to go into detail on here but lets just say my body has been all over the place the last year or so 
To me not making an ass of myself is an important one. I still beat myself when I remember some things I've done when drunk.
Living without shame is one of sobrietys greatest gifts to me. 
My favorite is still that mind works much better. My thinking is so much clearer and I perceive so much more. ..Kudos on your weekend. 
Good for you and thanks for posting this!  These are some of my issues and it'd be wonderful to see the same benefits.  :-)
&gt;easier time being present..So much this! Being able to enjoy the moment instead of wondering if the next moment could possibly involve alcohol. ..Also pooping properly. That's nice too.
Hahaha. It almost reads as a comedy but its true. Stomach health is SUCH A BIG CHANGE no doubt about that. Depressive episodes lasting 3 weeks almost seems like would be hard to notice and seems so long but yeah way better than three months. I guess that holds true. Time before seemed to go so fast when going at it waiting for the next drunk. No it moves oh just so slow in a good way.
