-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52k0fl/cant_keep_this_up/

In the past couple of weeks I've had to reset my badge so many times that I have lost count. I've really not posted here too much though I've been a member for a while. I guess there's always been part of me that thought I could keep drinking but I'm wrong...I've struggled with being sober for the past 6 years or so putting together 1.5 years at one point and relapsing when my sponsor was killed in a car accident. Since then I've been in and out not being able to put together more than 90 days. I keep convincing myself that I can drink normally. That the consequences of my drinking are the fault of something or someone else. Putting the blame on everything else. ..I can't keep it up. Last night I'm pretty sure my girlfriend has had enough and told me she is going to find somebody else. That she can't trust me or count on me to be there for her. And that's exactly what happened with my marriage. Same scenario but not married this time. And how do I handle it? Well if you're gonna leave I'm not gonna stop drinking and just drink myself to death. That's exactly how I feel. Like why is my life worth living? I hate myself every single day so why not? But I know I can't do that. I just want this obsession to be lifted...I had a dream last night that I was on my knees in front of a big wall with the word OBSESSION on it and I was just SCREAMING for it to be lifted. I hope to god this is my white light moment I can't take it anymore. Whether my girlfriend leaves or not is beyond my control but I just don't know how to cope with anything...Anyway I apologize for the rant but I need to vent and I don't know where to turn. I feel like nobody not even my sponsor wants to listen to me anymore and who can blame them? ..I have been reading The Naked Mind I normally do go to meetings just not so much recently and I do have a network that I just don't use. So it's not like I don't have the resources I just can't think straight.
----------immediate responses--------

Let's keep things simple. Just for today I'm not drinking. Join me?
Make today the last reset. You can do this! Join me in not drinking today. 
One day at a time man. YOU ARE NOT ALONE. Lean on us. And if you don't mind the suggestion talk to a therapist and possibly a psychiatrist. You could probably really benefit from it sir.
Wow! This could be that decisive moment where you turn toward instead of away from yourself. Where you pick yourself up and decide that you really really don't want to drink anymore however difficult not drinking is.  *And that you will accept the help that really is all around you.*  It became clear to me in the moment where I saw my husband's sadness resignation and pain at my drunkenness that what I was doing could only (only!) end badly.  And that if I did not want that ending I was going to have to change my cute little routine of hiding in the white wine. My father had a stroke drunk. I found him near death holding a pint bottle of cheap vodka. He died three months later.  I am challenged to find sober ways of dealing with some very deep pain. It isn't easy but I have the example of all my friends here who show me it can be done!  In the end it isn't about external relationships.  It's about the one we have with ourselves. I so hope you turn toward the resources that you have.  Life sober is LIFE. It is not all going my way but I love being back to experience the full catastrophe!
