-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52kgr1/introducing_myself_16_days_sober/

Hi there! My story is not much different than anyone else's here.  I first found alcohol around the age of 16 liked that it made me look cool but didn't develop a serious problem until around age 20.  I began blacking out on weekends and maintained like that for about a year then weekday drinking started.  Still pretty functional but around age 22 I lost total control.  Going into work drunk drinking daily losing a lot of weight etc.  I still hadn't lost much externally though but my parents (both in recovery) took me to my first AA meeting at that point.  I managed to string together two weeks at a time for a couple of months relapsing frequently.  I just wasn't done.  In the last six months my illness has progressed in a way that completely blows my mind when I type it out.  I am 23 now and I lost my business that I built from the ground up I am now divorced couldn't hold down a job lost my apartment kicked out of my parents house extremely promiscuous behavior liver pains the list goes on. My fifth of tequila day a habit was ruining my life and I didn't know how to stop.  ..I went to treatment relapsed went to detox again and less than a week after I left detox I got my very first DUI.  This was my breaking point.  My bottom had finally come.  I was finally ready to change.  My DUI was 16 days ago and while my situation feels bleak (no car on probation for a year went to jail for 3 nights a LOT of $$) it could be SO MUCH WORSE. I am currently living in an extremely structured halfway house in a completely different city.  For me I had to change the people places and things.  ..I am posting because I am feeling like I need an additional support system (I attend AA 5x a week have a sponsor and a home group) and I just love this sub.  I have lurked here for over a year now so I'm finally joining the community! Not drinking today!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome friend! I'm sorry for your troubles but very proud that you are here and reaching out for support!..Checking in on this sub and committing to not drinking for the day had been a huge part of me staying sober...I will not drink with you today!
Welcome to SD.  I'm glad you're hear and congratulations on 16 days!  SD is extremely supportive I love this place.  And I will not drink with you today!
Honored to be able to not drink with YOU today!  Welcome!
Thanks for the story. Welcome to SD!
Keep up those meetings &amp; make your bed every day!  
Hey and welcome! Glad to be part of your additional support system. I also went to detox relapsed went to detox got out and finally stayed sober 2 months later. It can be done! See you at check-in tomorrow morning!
I'm just a day past you are right now so we're in similar situations sobriety-wise. Obviously your situation is less than optimal right now but you're making the right choice and it sounds like you've got a good start with AA...One of the things an old timer with 25 years said to me at one of my first meetings was that each morning even 25 years later he still tells himself that he knows how destructive alcohol can be for him if he picks up and that he won't pick up today. The way this guy said that struck me and I went to speak with him after the meeting. (it was a celebration meeting and he was one of the celebrants.) I was on day 2 at that point but congratulated him for the accomplishment...He told me that *he* was proud of *me* and that the work I had put in over the last two days (and upcoming months) was tougher than the work he had done any time recently. Really kind thing for him to say I thought...Keep doing the meetings let your sponsor help you and hold on every day even if by your fingernails. I know I am.
Hello and Welcome! Thanks for sharing you story.
