-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52p26k/a_full_year_sober/

So I guess today I completed an entire trip around the sun without any alcohol.  I had thought that today would be special or that I'd want to celebrate somehow but it is just sort of...normal.  My biggest fear before I quit and in the first weeks was that I wouldn't have a life.  I didn't know what I would do or how I would function without alcohol and thought that I was going to have to turn into a new person.  But I didn't.  I have the same friends (the real ones--many of the drinking buddies have faded away) I do many of the same things for fun plus more and I've gotten used to being sober.  It's just how my life is now.  That's not to say that this journey is easy or to minimize the struggle just that my experience has been that day by day little by little things fall into place.  ..I get so much from this space and I'm so thankful that you all are here.  I'm going to keep coming back and I hope you do too.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your wonderful accomplishment!
Congrats!
Congratz!
Congratulations and thank you. 
Congratulations on your SOBER orbit of the Sun!
Congratulations! I love hearing about people making a year it's so inspiring to a newbie like me. Thanks :)
Congrats! Love the smiley star :).
Nice one. I'm not far ...well 97 days behind you. I read what you have to say and I'm on the same page. 
That's Awesome!!!  Thanks for posting.  You're my hero today!!!
Great job! Congrats!
That's massive congratulations!
"it's just how my life is now." Love this. Can't wait to feel this way! 
Awesome. It's great to hear that you didn't lose your core group of friends. Congrats.
Congratulations!
Congratulations!  Here's to one more!  I will not drink with you today. 
Wow! Thats amazing. What an achievement. Well done. how amazing is it that only YOU could have achieved that. No one can hand it to you! Cant be bought. So happy for you. 
Awesome!!
You are awesome.
Fantastic-- congratulations!!! 
I too just lapped the sun.  I'm really happy for where I am and because of my sobriety I am able to see just how far off from who I want to be I was merely a year ago.  I still have a few friends non that live near me but my real friends are there for me however far away they live.  Have ditched or been ditched by my drinking buddies except one who no longer pressures me to drink but is still always sipping on budweiser no matter the hour.  He is a true friend but I still feel guilty because I cannot help him and I use his actions as a warning to myself of what I could become.  ..I work more now which means building a bank account and a secure future for me and my children I'm less moody and more able to live in the moment instead of always looking to that first drink that may be hours away.  I'm diligently working to better myself physically and mentally.  I'm trying to become more social to rebuild my failed friend network but I"m struggling in this department.  Still rather slowly acquire real friends than have drinking friends by the dozen.  I seem to have lost all ability to talk to people of the opposite sex without sounding awkward and desperate but I think/hope that time will fix that situation.??...Sorry to be so long worded but I'm in a similar situation and couldn't help but voice my thoughts.  Congratulations on a year and the many more to come.  
A year is a big deal. Congrats!
[removed]
Congratulations and thank you for posting! This is really someone I have struggled with for years in terms of drinking. The idea that everything and everyone will have to change-- and oh how scary that is!! But there is a part of me that agrees with you that finds hope in the idea that no matter what- things will fall into place slowly over time...I just keep reminding myself-- one day at a time. Hell one minute at a time if that's what it takes. Thank you again for sharing.
Congratulations on the year!
Congrats!!
you know i always get that same blas /normal feeling on my birthday too.  like leading up to it i'm all "Yay!  my birthday's coming!" and then it arrives and.... kinda... crickets.  but ya know what?  birthdays beat the hell out of the alternative and SO DOES SOBRIETY!!  happy soberversary to you dr-marple.  i applaud you!!!.
Congrats!!
Congratulations!! Great stuff!
congrats on one year!..&gt;I've gotten used to being sober...Yeah me too.
[deleted]
Congrats and thanks for sharing as it gives us all hope. I had a full 3 and 1/2 years of clean time and one night of a fuck it attitude turned into another year and half of drinking. I am here back at day one and ready to make some real changes. Best of luck and always be watchful!
awesome.  Loved the line that little by little day by day things just fall into place.
Whoo Hoo! A year :) Good on ya! I'm looking forward to getting there myself. Having gotten sober for 12 years prior to this I have had the same experience with things normalizing &amp; being used to being sober too.
This gives me hope and congratulations on a year sober must be no e waking up with no hangover and clear minded. I will not drink with you today
Congratulations.  You are such a great inspiration to all of us.
Your AWESOME!!!!! 
