-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52phv3/my_friends_all_like_to_drink_which_is_fine_i/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

If I want to inject a little levity:.."I always thought that Mattie Ross in True Grit expressed it eloquently. When offered a drink she responded 'I will not put into my mouth a thief who will steal my brains.' " I say it with a wry smile...If I want to be neutral I say: "I prefer being unimpaired. How about you?"..If someone is being a jerk: "I recognize that alcohol is a compound that at turns is a disinfectant a solvent a mild cleaning agent a carcinogen a fuel and a poison. I'll pass but can help yourself!"..What do you respond?
If you have ibs you've got an easy out here.  "I drink and it totally fucks up my stomach...  No I'm not talking about a hangover I mean like one beer." No need to delve into your inner psyche it causes you to damn near shit yourself (or whatever level of detail you need to get the extra jerky ones to shut up).  :)
I'm lucky first time I admitted to my close friends that I have mental health problems and I cant drink they all went "o thank God! here have a milkshake" ..Then when I started drinking again they all went "o God!" 
I'd stick with IBS. Like another user mentioned there's no need to delve into your mental/emotional issues and the reality is people drinking don't care about it anyway.   ..I'd get nice and graphic of they push me like "no for real though one beer and I'm shitting water for the day you ever shit water? It burns you think it wouldn't since it's water but I tell ya. Johnny Cash was onto something when he sang about the Ring of Fire." 
I can certainly relate. I am outwardly a confident professional but inside I'm still a shy insecure guy who suffers from bipolar disorder. I have trouble saying no to social drinking because I want people to like me and I am afraid they won't if I don't drink. I'm not yet there with telling certain colleauges that I don't drink. I just can't seem to get there. For now I just say no if someone offers me a drink. ..What I have realized is that no one cares and no one ever pushes back. Most decently-adjusted people will just ignore the issue when they see I don't want to give any extra info.
[deleted]
