-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52q2y7/surprised_so_many_of_you_feel_so_good_so_quickly/

Im 3.5 weeks sober and still struggling to sleep...Last time i quit i slept poorly for several months before giving in.
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone...  The first couple of weeks felt amazing for me but then the reality of actually having to live with 'myself' in sobriety hit me like a ton of bricks..  2.5 months in and just this last week things have seemed to normalize again.  Feeling good. Rocket league helped :/
Although we may feel the benefits to quitting almost immediately it can take a couple of years to get past post acute withdrawals.  That Has been my experience for the first 18 months of my journey.  However I'd say it's easier for me to recognize this retrospect.  at 18 months I realized that I feel different than when I was at a year.  before then at a year I realized I was different than at 6 months.  At 6 months well you get my drift.
I'm at 60+ days and still not feeling wonderful. I feel much better than when I was drinking myself to death though...Age may be a factor... I'm about to be 50 so no Spring Chicken. 
I couldn't digest a full meal for almost a year after I quit.. looking back there are things I would do differently.  But the truth is I was just struggling to survive and overtime I did improve. ..Everyone is different.  Something that may help- exercise and fresh air-  like getting outside and just walking.  
I'm ten days sober and I haven't slept properly yet..I hope it doesn't take several months; that sounds awful.
I had a lot of trouble for about 10 days. I'd suggest taking vitamin d during the day (always with something fatty or it does nothing. Spoonful of coconut oil is ideal). Take vitamin b6 at night and try listening to the sleepwithme podcast or use the app pzizz to help you fall asleep...Melatonin helps some people but it just made me wake up in the middle of the night even more frequently.
You should definitely look into something like melatonin to help you sleep. I take that most nights and it helps me sleep without feeling groggy in the morning. 
Every sober attempt was different for me.  There were times I'd sleep like a baby from the get-go and times when I was several months in and felt like the walking dead.  Stressing about not sleeping caused me more problems as did too much caffeine and sugar.  I discovered that if I drink coffee or even had soda after 2 p.m. my sleep was all effed up. 
I'm almost 3 weeks and my sleep is still not good.  Few hours here and there.  But although I'm very tired I still feel better than when I was drinking.  It's a different type of tired. Hang in there dude. Try some melatonin. Let's not drink today. 
Took me a while to get my brain rewired. I had some crazy synapse fires and trippy dreams while this was happening. I felt my first good day at day 53. There was a ramp up to that day but 53 was an eye opener. Felt like an aperture had opened up for me...At approx. 20 days I still had not found r/sd and was still googling "18 days sober" "19 days sober" just to see if I was on track. Sleep will come. I still remember waking up feeling "hung over" and thinking how cruel it was that I had stopped drinking and still felt that way...I exercised at the gym a lot those early months (cold here in Jan-Mar) to get tired and tried to hydrate well. I believe drinking history and general health is also going to be a factor. As we say around r/sd ymmv "your mileage may vary"...I learned that it's called "recovery" for a reason.
I think that each person is different. I know that even before drinking I had a hard time sleeping...my brain doesn't like to shut itself off. But I read somewhere that alcohol reduces the quality of your sleep so even if you're still having trouble it's likely more restful than your drunken sleep was. Other things that have helped me sleep: a walk before bed with some music and sleepy time tea...good luck!!
I think it took me a full 6 weeks to really even out my brain chemistry. I'm just now at the point where I feel like my emotions are stable! ..I'll never be able to sleep at night even sober because I'm an ADHD night owl. :) But I do STAY asleep a lot better without alcohol. :) 
