-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52wun6/day_1/

"It all starts here"  - The Goonies...Finally admitted to myself last night that I am an alcoholic. After attempting to stop drinking 3-4 times this year and relapsing every time I've come to the realization that the problem is deeper. I am an alcoholic. I don't drink hard liquor I'm mostly an IPA guy...   actually an Imperial and Double IPA Guy. I won't drink anything under 7% abv. Sometimes I say to myself "I'll just have two" at my local pub. But once I'm buzzing next thing you know I find myself at the liquor store buying a 6 pack for the 1.5 hours of alone time at home before my wife gets home from work...    not that she gets on my case or anything but I think subconsciously I know there's a problem and I'm ashamed to get shit faced in front of her. ..I'm 46 and I've gained so much weight. I was a competitive cyclist and I've stopped racing since last year because I'm ashamed of my weight and because I don't have the energy or condition to race anyway. I've distanced myself from by cycling teammates and buddies. ..It stops here. Like I've read in other posts "I'm sick and tired of feeling sick and tired" 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! You will not regret your decision my friend!..I will not drink with you today!
Welcome!.I too got sick and tired of feeling sick and tired and thankfully found SD which was one of the main keys/tools to me quitting.  Hope to see  you around.
Welcome! I experienced a similar physical problem. I used to run a lot. I ran two marathons and would run smaller races frequently. I haven't done a race in years now. I'm really excited to start training again once I feel better. After 7 days I feel like I'm almost there. I will not drink with you today!
Hey welcome!
&gt;"It all starts here" ..Sure does. I'm your age and do a bunch of trail riding on my 29er MtB. I've learned so much here on r/sd and would not be 8+ months sober without it. Best wishes.
Welcome... its a great day for a great decision.... 
