-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52y83o/my_crutches_are_falling_away/

Hi everyone!  ..I'm writing this as a reminder to myself and to help whoever it can that staying sober after years of intense alcohol abuse is not a thing that happens passively...I had a great week.  My mom surprised me with tickets for AMAZING seats at the NFL season opener.  The results of my recent biopsy came back negative.  I was told that I'm in great shape and will be discharged from my outpatient treatment program.  My probation officer informed me that the remainder of my probation will be unsupervised.....And the first thing that I thought was "I can get away with drinking again."  WHOA!  Shit.  Fuck.  I had to go to work and  suddenly at work I was resurrecting old resentments.  I knew I was in dangerous waters but I still stopped at the market on the way home.  I avoided the refrigerated aisle but it didn't mean I didn't have to go past the giant beer display in the pharmacy (really guys!? C'MON!) and think about it waaay too hard.  ..I called a friend who is a bit further into recovery than me.  They told me the story of their relapse straight out of rehab and told me straight up it's not worth it.  I handled the whole thing in a piss-poor fashion but with the help of a sober friend I did one thing right.  I didn't drink.  I won't drink today either because I love what has happened to me so far and I'm learning to love myself in spite of the part of me that hates me and wants me to fail.  ..Thanks everyone!  I hope your day has a little love and zero drinks.  It's a recipe I'm enjoying more every day.
----------immediate responses--------

I am thrilled for your wonderful progress. Congratulations! (And I have to tell you that I am recovering from a foot wound -- as I sat on my bed reading your post my crutches fell over .. I kid you not. LOL!)
This is an important reminder that old John Barleycorn will never give up. I will remember it the first time I get the thought that I can survive that first drink! 
way to tough it out...
Thank you for inspiring me today...It is Friday here and Friday nights are my danger zone...I usually work Saturday mornings but have the next few off. ..You have reminded me I need to put a plan in place for this evening. Maybe some gym or yoga with my daughter. Get groceries this morning instead of this evening and get a good movie to watch tonight...Tomorrow I will be at 3 weeks and that makes me happy :)..Best wishes to you.
Wait what ......a beer display in a pharmacy? How is that possible! .
&gt;I hope your day has a little love and zero drinks...This is great - thank you &amp; well played :)
this is inspiring! Thank You!
Here's a little love and zero drinks right back at you!  I was amazed to hear that there was a beer display in the pharmacy - that's just not right.  Alcohol is an addictive product and I think it should be labelled as such just the way cigarettes are labelled here in Australia.  Like dying of liver cancer is just as bad as dying of lung cancer. ..Anyway congratulations on 235 days :)
