-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52zpfl/when_it_rains_it_pours/

I want to drink so bad it's not funny!! Here is what's going on. My father in law passed away about 4 hours ago. I was there at his last breath and stayed until they took him away to the funeral home. 3 hours ago I got a txt from my brother that my dad had fallen was totally wasted and on the verge of getting kicked out of the senior living center he is in. 15 minutes ago I got a call from my daughter that she relapsed and is getting kicked out of the place she is in. She asked me to pay for a hotel for her it killed me but I said no. She is in another state and I felt like shit doing that. I want to just drink myself into a black out! I feel like no matter where I go this crazy shit just won't leave me alone. I feel like I'm going to explode!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that's a lot to take in all at once...but drinking won't make it any better honestly. Yes it will numb you and make you forget but all the problems will still be there when you wake up and you'll feel like shit *on top* of all that. No fun. ..If I were in your shoes I'd probably cry until my chest hurt then cry some more. Take life one second at a time and remember to *breathe*. It's such a simple concept but it helps a lot more than we realize. ..Sorry you are having to go through this right now. My heart hurts for you. ..We are given what we can handle I truly believe that. Good luck coping with all this. I'm not drinking with you today &lt;3
Damn - that is a lot to handle all at once.  Sorry you have to go through it.  We all know that drinking isn't going to help - it will just add another layer to these problems.  Just take it a minute even a second at a time.  You got this.  And I am NOT drinking with you today!!
Sorry things are rough.  Here - https://youtu.be/YqHnB6afM0Q.
It sounds like life is doing its thing. Try to remain calm and remember that the only thing that you have control over is your own actions and behaviour all else lays outside of that.You will get through this! Hang on to your sobriety a minute an hour a day at a time...Stay strong and I will stay sober with you  for the next 24 hours no matter what happens good or bad...All the best.
The good news is: I promise you won't explode:). Hang in there sweetie. You've had such a rough week and tonight was the worst! It sounds like you are making the right choices and taking every hit as it comes. You can do this. Just keep doing what you're doing!!!
Drinking won't help the situation... I promise you that. One thing at a time. One minute at a time. 
That's a lot of pressure...I have compassion for your struggles.  You're amazing in your strength!..I don't have any answers.  I can say it looks to me like you are doing a fantastic job in the face of adversity...I only know that no matter what I'm experiencing....good or bad....alcohol always makes it worse...Sober On!
Yes it does pour. You r not alone even though it feels like it. Dealing with your problems sober will be alot better than still dealing with your problems hungover
I have been reading your posts for a while you are a tough lady. I know the bazaar urge to just black out all to well. I am finding that if I stay focused on getting through things sober each time I gain a little strength.
Adding my support. That's a plate full of pain! I am so sorry you are going through all of this.
