-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53044p/really_dont_feel_like_my_head_is_in_the_right/

Hey guys and gals..Not feeling great tonight. Just need to vent. No one has to respond I just need to type it out...I'm 22 days sober and have no desire to drink. This isn't because I'm some amazing sober person. Its because I got put on a drug called lithium for my bipolar disorder. It kills alcohol cravings. So its been easy but I still feel like I might relapse some time in the future...I just don't want it bad enough. I don't hate drinking. Its really fucked up my life but it just won't stick in my skull that I should never drink again. I know I shouldn't. It has really terrible effects on my life. I feel like a dry alcoholic even though I hate the term. I'm just not drinking because I don't feel like it and I know I shouldn't...Anyway don't feel obligated to respond. Also please please no AA stuff. I tried it and it didn't work out for me.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey mega reddit sorry you're feeling low tonight. I have those moments too when I think oh it's not that bad. What's a few glasses of wine with dinner. I think at 3 weeks in I was still pretty unsteady; I'm around 4 months now and really consistently feeling the positive effects that quitting has had on my life. At 3 weeks though I was pretty proud of myself for where I had gotten (especially in contrast to where I was three weeks prior). Hope you're starting to see some of the good in yourself and loving yourself a little bit. That was the best part of quitting for me :) also I know AA helps a lot of people but I haven't tried it I'm mainly relying on this community and a couple close friends so don't stress on that part just keep on doing what works for you.
Your doing great dude just hang in there and stay humble. I bet if you give it more time it will help with your condition. 
So glad you were able to vent. I know having bi polar disorder sucks so badly!! I didn't know lithium cut cravings. I guess that's a huge bonus because seriously drinking too much with bi polar disorder would eventually become disastrous. I'm so happy you are making the decision not to drink before something horrible tells you you have ruined your life and HAVE to stop. Now you are choosing to stop because you know there is wisdom in that logic. Hang in there. It takes lithium a little while to help and with some good counseling you will honestly feel better!!
[removed]
Thanks everyone for the responses. They all helped. :)
