-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5311w4/so_heres_my_story/

Not really sure where to start and I'll probably end up rambling a bit since I haven't really laid it all out there for anyone who isn't a family member or doctor just yet...I'm 28 and I'd been a daily drinker since I turned 21. I always thought of myself as a functional alcoholic but I knew I had a problem. But whenever the thought of quitting would come up I'd just find some damn excuse to keep going - hated my job relationship wasn't going great that kind of shit. But a little over a year ago I finally went over the edge. Nothing in particular happened to precipitate it. I've tried to figure out how and why but honestly it's like looking at a color gradient and trying to figure out where the color changes from black to white. ..By last summer I was drinking over a half a gallon of liquor a day. At that point I wasn't really eating much solid food either since my one and only priority as soon I would wake up every day was to get a couple of shots in me to head off the tremors. The rest of the day was always structured around staying drunk and making sure I had enough left over after I passed out to start the next day off the same way. Trying to keep any substantial food down would leave me retching over the toilet for half an hour and eventually I would be like that even if I didn't try to eat that day. ..One day I couldn't even keep the liquor down so I wrapped myself up in bed and tried to just wait out the nausea. I didn't really have the energy to leave the apartment and I was still too scared to call someone and have to admit just how badly I'd screwed myself up. The withdrawal was bad. I don't remember a whole lot just a lot of shaking and being either too hot or two cold. I had my first seizure around the second day. I don't remember a whole lot from that either just wiping my face off and getting back in bed. The next day I walked out into my living room saw a large blood smear on the wall and pieced it together. I cleaned it up I got in the shower and called my best friend. Now if you're expecting that this was my turning point I'm sorry to say that it wasn't. ..I was still too scared to admit what was happening so all I told him was that I hadn't gotten real slept in 30 hours. That much was true. The auditory hallucinations from the sleep deprivation were also pretty bad by that point. I would hear someone knocking on a door out the hallway and the sound of the knocking would repeat over and over again for five or ten minutes after whoever it was left. My friend offered to buy me a bottle of something and make sure I fell asleep at his place OK. I came really close to saying no. But if I did he would have known that there was something else very wrong. I don't know why but the fear of shame was somehow greater than the thought that I was getting very close to killing myself with my drinking. So the drinking continued. ..In October I was visiting some friends. Since I had to drive I hadn't had anything to drink all day and I was trying like hell to hide the shaking hands sweating palms nervousness. The last thing I remember was saying I had to use the bathroom. And then I was being carried into an ambulance. All I could hear was someone saying "Hon you've had a seizure. We need to get you to the hospital." I remember being taken in for a CT scan and that was it for two days. Right when they were about to discharge me I had another seizure in the ER. When I was stabilized I was told that the doctors looked absolutely horrified. If I hadn't been in the ER when that second one hit I would have died that night. My parents made the drive as soon as my friend called them. I don't think I've ever seen them that terrified and because of the drugs it took a little while for me to even register that everyone in that room was scared for me. I'd spent those months doing my absolute best trying to hide as much as I possibly could so nobody knew how bad it had gotten. It was too much of a shock and they didn't really know the best way to deal with it. So they trusted me enough to let me go back home by myself...I made it about a month. I spent those few weeks before going back to drinking hating myself. A lot. The same thought kept on playing in my head over and over - "You're always going to be like this and nothing is going to change." It still just didn't register with me that I had people who cared and wanted to make sure I was OK but even after all of that I still just wanted to pretend like nothing was wrong and I could just go it on my own. One night I convinced myself that I could just have a drink or two. The old habits came back within a week. My next and last alcoholic seizure happened two months later. I got lucky that I wasn't alone when it happened. Again. My parents laid everything out for me in the hospital: the papers had already been drawn up to have me committed back in October. I could either move back in with them for two months after which I would enter intensive outpatient therapy or I would be institutionalized. That was January 21st and I haven't had a drop since...I'm doing better. Even my worst depressive episodes now don't feel nearly as bad as when I was drinking. I've got energy. I feel like myself again. Even a month after I had quit my friends were saying that I was my old self again. Like a completely different person. My daily run is up to 6 miles and I feel like I can put that up to 10 by Thanksgiving. ..But I also can't say that everything is magically fantastic again. Not after all of that. The worst and thankfully only cravings happened at the three month mark. I kept on telling myself over and over that there was nothing special about me and that that was when most alcoholics relapse. One night I made it almost half way to the liquor store because I'd spent all day telling myself "It's just a bottle of wine. Nobody will know." I stopped myself. I turned around and went home. Instead of repeating "Nothing is ever going to change" now I was remembering all of the hell that I'd gone through and was repeating "I'm never going back."..It'll be at least another year before my hospital bills are paid off. I can't make any concrete plans more than three months out because I don't know if I'll have enough projects to take on to justify my job. I can't stop hating myself for nearly burning my own life down for nothing. I can't stop feeling a lot of regret and resentment towards everyone I know that's built a solid life for themselves. Logically I know that's all projecting on my part. But the nagging feeling that I should have been on my way to building a stable career and family by now is really tough to shake. I hate myself for being selfish enough to not care about my own life when so many people did. I look ten years younger but I feel ten years older...So that's it. If you're still reading thanks. I'm not sure if I'll end up being a steady contributor to the sub. I just wanted to get all that off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

You're still so young. You're going to come out of this stronger. I went back to school st 42... Don't worry about the career. Everything will fall into place for you... I can feel it in my bones. I won't drink with you today. 
That was a really scary read and I'm glad you've made it this far out the other end.
Wow. You've been through hell and back and I'm amazed at your strength and your honesty sharing this with us. I too can get caught up in regret and shame for my previous years of drinking (many many years)  but there's absolutely nothing any of us can do to change our past. At 50 I consider my drinking days behind me in a "been there done that" kind of way. ..I hope you do stick around and contribute on this sub 'cause you have a perspective that us older folks may not. ..Thanks for sharing - I will not drink with you today.
Wow I'm so glad you got through!  So you have an enormous opportunity at 28 to live your full and potential life--let's do SOBER together!
Thanks for your story. I was having some cravings tonight. Not after reading that!
you've come a long way I wish you all the best on your safe and sober journey. 
Wow. Thank you so much for sharing. 
I read it twice because its a powerful example that there can be serious physical consequences even in your 20s.  I wish you the best.
Thank you for your honesty and courage. This was very moving; I can't imagine how scary the seizures were. Auditory hallucinations though?? Those were the most terrifying part for me and if I didn't get to the hospital I may have seized after that...Your post is a solid and powerful reminder for me. Thank you! :)
This caused tears to well in my eyes. I want so badly to hug you. I can't begin to imagine what that was like for you. I hope wish hope you will continue to contribute to this community. We need you here. We want you here. Thank you for sharing your life. 
Thank you for sharing your story with us. I am glad you made it back from that and I hope to see you here in the future. Take good care of yourself.
You have a lot of guts my friend. I'm proud of you. Someone on here said that recovery is like a DIY project. For some the house is burned to the ground and in need of a complete rebuild. Others maybe new foundations or fresh paint. I like to look at it that way - I liken my daily run to removing asbestos from the walls. Thank you for sharing your story and I wont drink with you today.
