-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/532lr6/skin_issues/

Hi Sobernaughts! Happy Friday!..Quick question: has anyone found sobriety to help significantly with skin issues and after how long did you see progress?..I'm 27 and I've struggled with acne for the last few years (mild to moderately-severe). I know it can be improved when I'm not feeding it tons of sugar (aka alcohol). Recently I had another rash outbreak allover my body (this has happened once before a few years ago and I quit drinking for a month until it went away). It's uncomfortable and unsightly really putting on damper on how good I otherwise feel 10 days into sobriety. ..How long did it take you all to see improvements?..Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't have acne issues but definitely had dry skin.  I thought it was just from aging or something that my skin would get super dry in the winter and often crack and bleed on my fingers which was unsightly and painful. Was researching lotions etc. one winter then I quit drinking over the summer and the last two winters I had no dry skin issues.  All related to alcohol.
I'm noticing a difference in skin &amp; hair after 10 days. When I quit drinking for several years (age 30-33) I got daily compliments on skin &amp; hair. I'm So ready to get those again! I look like a hot mess when I drink. Dry hair and dry acne skin. 
I had bad acne when I drank and I still have acne but it's definitely not as bad/noticeable. Your skin will definitely start to look better once you stop and it will get better the longer you stop for
THIS! I had pretty stubborn aggressive acne for my whole drinking career (around 10 years)....frustrating depressing painful. I tried everything to help it except admitting alcohol was probably a large contributing factor. Its been over 5 months since I've stopped drinking and my skin has improved DRAMATICALLY! It didn't change over night or anything it was an ongoing thing......so 10 days from your Sday its going be getting better 20 days from Sday its going to get better 30 Days etc...... Just be patient it will get better. Can I suggest lots of veggies fruit water exercise. By doing these things your body will get stronger healthier more immune and so on which will help your acne. I know your pain I really do. Just know that you are doing the right thing alcohol is really just a toxic injection for your body. CONGRATS ON THE 10 DAYS!
The opposite has actually happened to me. I quit drinking and have had worse acne and breakouts popping up since. Is there any reason for this? Or is my skin just being rude...
At 2 months over here.  My rosacea improved dramatically within the first few weeks.  At this point some keratosis pilaris I've had on my arms is going away.  Sadly I am losing hair and not sure why.  Since I'm a lady I feel very disturbed by the latter...I'm sad to say that for the first time in a while my skin has been breaking out a little around my period.  I use a good combo topical by a fee for service company and up to this point the formula has been working really well...Best of luck with cutaneous improvement...ETA: My period was also getting extraordinarily irregular - time between had gotten to like 50 days.  So for me the acne might be from hormones.  Because almost right away my cycle normalized.
