-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/533523/new_here_day_2/

Hey everyone!  My story isn't too thrilling but I'll tell it if nothing else just to help me begin this process.  Yesterday was my first day without a drink.  I started drinking more than just socially in about 2008 during my now-ended marriage and it gradually got worse and worse up to now.  I drank to get myself to sleep at night and to deal with the fact that I married someone who rampantly cheated on me and blew money like it was going out of style when all my life all I wanted was to not get divorced like every adult I had ever known.  "Oh well" on that front.  ...Most people in my life don't really know I drink to the extent that I do even though I don't actively try to hide it.  I just don't drink out.  I don't go to bars or anything like that.  I generally drink in my own home by myself and occasionally with family members.  Going over to my parents' house is always a boozy affair and will be hard now that I've decided to stop drinking.  Funny story from last Friday... leaving work with my boss and a coworker and we were waiting for the train.  They were on their way to a happy hour and I was going home.  They invited me and I told them "Nah I prefer to get hammered alone in the privacy of my own home."  They laughed and totally thought I was joking.  That scene was actually part of the catalyst for this sobering decision.  I don't really want to get to the point where they know I'm not joking....Today I can knock back a bottle and a half of wine a night without blinking.  I have always struggled with depression and I've been going through a bout of that lately partly because I know I drink too much I have gained weight (probably because I drink too much) I feel ugly to the point where I avoid looking at myself etc.  Outwardly my life probably looks fine.  I have a stable relationship well-behaved and smart kid great job.  Internally I guess maybe I am just never satisfied.  Like I think I should be more than I am.  ...I've tried to moderate drinking several times over the past year and I can go a week or a few days but always the voice in my head says "eh go ahead why not?" and the wheels come off in short order.  It's the very same story as many I've read here.  Have "just" one and one turns into five.  So yesterday I was out of alcohol and I just didn't get more.  Today I won't get more either.  Moderation does not work for me obviously.  I used to smoke cigarettes too long ago and despite trying to quit smoking at least 874933 times it took me getting pregnant to finally quit.  Dropped it the moment I saw the little blue line and never looked back.  I'm not getting pregnant anytime soon so I can't kick drinking that way but recalling that tells me two things about myself:  One I can in fact kick this cold turkey because I did it with another addictive beast and two I need something more important to me than myself to push me to do it.  I'm not a higher power person so I'm going to try creating some goals to look forward to that will require me to stay quit in order to effectively accomplish (like going to grad school taking up running again and completing a race etc).  I'm also going to come back to this subreddit every single day I feel like I want a drink which I'm sure will be every single day....Sorry for the long post.  It's nice to get that off my chest.  I'm glad I found this place.  I haven't used reddit before; I just found this by googling "how to stop drinking."  (File that under "you know you have a problem when...")  You all seem like great people with tons of wonderful advice.  I'm sure I'll need that even today on my Day 2 (being a damn Friday and all)....Edit:  to make less of a wall o' text.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  I'm fairly new here as well.  The daily check-in is already helping me more than I ever thought possible.  I think you will find some great support in this sub!
Hey Resto! I'm new here too and your story and habits sound very similar to mine. I have been a fairly functional drinker so I haven't had one of those rock bottom moments that have forced me to say enough is enough (although I have done plenty of things I regret because of drinking). But dealing with the little things every day has now brought me to that point where enough is enough. Things like waking up after drinking a bottle+ of wine and feeling soooo guilty starting my day every day knowing I'm not 100% seeing myself slowly turning into my parents (both of whom I despised for drinking at times) hating myself when I reach for another glass even though I know I shouldn't. I also have gained over 20 pounds definitely related to drinking and it's just obliterating my sense of self-worth. Everything else in my life seems to be going fine (for the most part) but I feel like this will always keep me down as long as I let it...The straw that finally broke the camels back for me was when my husband recently told me he hates it when I drink. He told me he didn't want me to quit just only have 1-2 drinks likes he does. Easier said than done. I was able to reduce my drinking quite a bit for a few days but last night gave in to copious amounts of wine and this morning I realized I need to consciously make a change. I need to actually try. Otherwise I'll continue to slowly kill myself and drive my husband away. Enough really is enough! ..All this to say welcome! I feel you and I'm here with you!
So I also would drink to get myself to sleep at night. I would tell myself that I was too anxious and work so hard and just need a few drinks to calm down. I deserved them after all and sleep is SO important. I rationalized it all the time. ..I am honestly quite nervous about this aspect of quitting as alcohol was basically my sleeping pill... if anyone has advice for newbies about how to deal with this I'd appreciate it!
So much in common! I started drinking alot when I got divorced 7yrs ago. I hid away at home at night and drank till I went to sleep or was good and wasted I guess. I gained weight and didnt really  like to look in the mirror. I felt like my co workers could see the hangover all over me and it was part of who I am. Just somebody who drinks alone everyday.  I started thinking if that really was how I wanted to be known as a person. Let alone develope illnesses related to not having the strength enough.to care about myself. Caring about myself seems to be the thing thats keeping me sober now. This group of people is also the best thing thats ever happen to me. Thank you everyone. Lets stay sober today!!!
Ha ha! That's how I found it too! Almost made it to my first week sober! Keep up the good work! This is a great place for support and understanding
