-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53dj4o/desperate_for_a_change/

Hello r/stopdrinking. I've been a lurker on here for a while now and have been resilient to post because of embarrassment. I'm at a point where I need to reach out to other people and not try to stop myself. I drink to get drunk and to calm my nerves because I have pretty intense anxiety. I'm a 25 year old woman and I feel so lost. I went to AA a few years ago and was sober for a month but relapsed due to high stress and anxiety. For example if I have a date or something of high importance I will drink before to calm myself down. I wish I didn't have to resort to alcohol to deal with this. I've gained weight due to drinking and every time I look in the mirror I'm fucking horrified and cry. I used to work out 6x a day and looked great. But the anxiety of "going" to the gym even gets to me and I refuse to go. I don't take any medications for my anxiety because they have never seemed to help in the past. I'm so sick of alcohol taking over my life and almost "making" decisions for me. If anyone has any suggestions advice or love to give I would completely appreciate that more than anything right now. I'm so proud of everyone's accomplishments on this sub and it made me want to post. ..A big thank you to anyone who reads / comments on this post.  
----------immediate responses--------

You sound just like me. Horrible anxiety that I tried to calm down with alcohol. It turns out I was only making things worse -- I have SO much less anxiety now. (Oh and by the way the whole crying in front of the mirror thing -- totally me.) A better life awaits you if you choose it.
[deleted]
I can also relate. Alcohol defiantly makes my anxiety worse. When I stopped drinking a while back (I am at day 2 again) I noticed my lows weren't as low &amp; my highs actually seemed higher. It also gave me a chance to work on my underlying issues with a clear head. I am also unhappy with my weight at the moment &amp; my lack of commitment to exercise &amp; am hoping both these things improve as I hopefully stay sober.  Let's do this together :)
I am trying to prepare myself. Each week I tell myself "I won't drink". Then I go and buy vodka nips and wine and drink it all in one night. It's so discouraging that I feel like I have no control over my actions. It's like my body just is on auto pilot to go to the liquor store even though my heart is telling me no......And thank you for taking the time to read my post. I appreciate it very much! 
Thank you so much for replying and also for understanding where I come from. You're right the alcohol has only been making it worse. I think covering it up with drinking has enhanced my anxiety even more. And I am trying so hard to choose a better life for me I replied to another user saying that it's like my brain is on auto pilot to drive into the liquor store parking lot while my heart is telling me no. ..
Thank you so much for your reply and your kindness!! I'm so happy to know there are people that can relate to me on this level. I lack willpower to say no and it's been so hard. Tomorrow I am going to try my hardest to go to the gym after work and not drink. I am in this with you 
You sound like me 18 years ago. My mild depression and anxiety was a prison and alcohol gave me some relief. Lexapro is a life saver for me! .My advice is to pick 5 things that are fun to do and involve yourself in them. Not including alcohol. 5 will keep you busy. Here are suggestions i like. I volunteer for veterans kids activities put together a puzzle (keeps your hands busy) get a dog! hike with the dog in new parks do a 5k and beat your last time (ive been to many where people bring their dogs!) do "i am" affirmations and prayer take a class at community college. ..Also give yourself a lot of credit and a pat on the back for the good things you have done and the biggest lesson someone told me: don't be so hard on yourself! 
Wow. Thank you SO much for this. You are so kind to share your story with me. I was thinking of new hobbies so I am so glad you brought that up!!  
