-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53gyri/its_now_time_for_me_too_italian_culture_its/

Few months ago after seven months of sobrity (it was fasting really i'am christian) and few months of moderation I wrote this post: https://me.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/400rbp/what_does_it_mean_to_be_italian_and_struggling/..I've never grabbed a badge because i've always believed that i could drink just over the meal but it wasn't like that. .Instead i've started drinking more and more during the day off and over the night...Moderation i'ts not fit to me. I admire so much the people who only need to drink zero coke and stop. Like my wife that is completely teatotaler. She simple doesn't like alcohol..Besides I was diagnosed with seborrheic dermatitis so I is not recommended alcohol and spicy food..I think it's the best way not only to stop drinking but to explain to people in an easy way without arguing too much..I've a 2 years doughter and the second one is on the way. I want to reach my full potential but the alcohol made me numb to this. ..That's why i've grabbed my badge and decided to stop....Thanks for your sharing and testimonies cause helped me a lot to make this final decision...Good happy and sober life!..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! I will not drink with you today my friend!
great to hear! welcome!
Hi glad you came back! Congratulations on your decision to stop drinking and for getting a badge; great move. You will find plenty of support and encouragement here so just keep coming back. I look forward to your posts comments and feedback - we can help each other! Also congrats on the baby on the way :). ..Welcome aboard!
Hi there welcome back and it's good to have you here!..It was really interesting to read the post you linked to. I have just returned home from a long stay in Italy and Spain which have a fairly similar drinking culture. In fact Spain was where I decided to stop drinking and all of my friends look at me like 'You stopped drinking in SPAIN??!'. I just can't drink like most people do there - some glasses of wine with the meal etc. I just want to drink more and not stop when I do that. ..In fact I really struggled to accept that I couldn't drink like those around me it didn't seem fair. When I ordered water at some big parties I basically was laughed at by huge numbers of people including friends their families and their extended families. Yep I pissed alot of people off by refusing their homemade liqour haha. ..But I didn't care after a while because by not drinking (which means for me not using a substance to cover up my emotions or avoid difficult ones) I learned to stand up for myself. I know what's important for me and I'm going to protect it no matter what anybody else says: my sobriety...I think it's great that your wife doesn't drink that should make it easier. But still this is a path you have to walk yourself though there are many on the same path as you (if that makes sense!) including me and everyone on this sub to support you. You will do fine keep coming here to post ask questions stay in touch and I'm sure you'll be able to do it ONE DAY AT A TIME :) ..Take care friend.
It's great that you're here! I will not be drinking with you today!
Bene-prego etc! :)
One thing I've noticed since I have bad eczema is that when I first gt sober I had a huge flare-up; I suppose it was the toxins clearing out of my body. Don't get discouraged if your seborrhea gets a little bit worse for a while! It's worth it in the long run...Huge congrats for taking this step!
I just reconnected with my Italian friend who lives in Milan after 20 years of no contact. (I live in Florida) I told him the other day about my problem with alcohol and he had trouble accepting that what I said was true. I believe that it definitely has to do with the strong cultural influence of alcohol in Italy. Not a bad thing I just knew he didn't "get it" because of this. Good for you. Happy for you! 
Thanks for this post. I'm glad to see you here. I tried to do moderation but moderation ended up doing me: moderation became modulation and the frequency only augmented.
