-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53mdor/its_late_and_i_need_a_drink/

...but I don't want one. I kinda do but I know I don't. Struggling right now. Could use a kind word if you have one to spare. A distraction would be nice.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know why you stopped drinking but think about that... For me the worst part about drinking is the feeling sick every morning and being like oh I should probably not drink today! As you realize its noon and you had starting drinking again 3 hours ago.
So far I've not woken up the next morning and thought *I wish I would have drunk last night.* More likely *I can't believe I thought about drinking. Yuk.* A drink is a passing fancy just a cloud on a sunny day. Let it go away and it will. On the other hand a hangover is being grounded in the fog all day. ..Hang in there. 
I'm on day 5 (for the first and please God only time) I know I will be in the situation you're in now many times both in the near and more distant future. I have promised my self to always remember the night I've just been trough when I am. It was spent contemplating wether I was about to have a seizure or not. I had all the symptoms that says: get to ER immediately! except a seizure I didn't go to the ER because my fear of the shame was slightly greater than my fear of death. Got trough it - but I will think about that every time I think I need/want/deserve a drink. Don't know if you have been trough anything similar but if it where me I think it would help to think that I don't have to go trough that again. And the only way to make completely sure is to not have that drink. (Sorry for any poor grammar I'm not a native english user)
You can do it! Hang in there and remember it's not worth it. Tomorrow you'll wish you hadn't or at least that's how I know I'd feel. We all understand what you're going through and we know you can do it...For a distraction if Reddit doesn't work try Sporcle.com. it's engaging and you can learn fun stuff.
