-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53p2dm/having_trouble_getting_started/

Exactly as the title says I'm having a hard time stopping starting and starting stopping. ..I remember a quote from some movie that I watched ages ago where a couple was fighting about substance abuse and the husband/boyfriend was trying to explain that quitting wasn't easy and the wife/girlfriend asked if he was high right then and he said no and she said "well them you've already quit just don't start again!". I'm right there at that point. I've already quit but I'm having just the hardest time sticking to it. ..Over the past couple weeks I've had several badge resets and I'm trying to be objective and nonjudgmental about what is prompting my decision to keep drinking some of the time and then stop drinking other times. I don't want to beat myself up over it bit I do want to change. One of the biggest problems I think I'm having is just not being able to say no to people...When I'm at a social event or even just at home with my roommates people I'm very comfortable with I have a really hard time saying "no" to a drink. I feel like I'm screwing up the natural order of things or something. It's not that I'm afraid I'll get flack for it kind of the opposite. If I've said "I don't want to drink I'm not drinking tonight" and someone pushes me God help that asshole because you bet I'm going to stand my ground! I don't expect pushback. It's more like I don't want to make my "occasional" drinking friends unhappy with the one glass on wine they're having this week (or make my one alcoholic roommate unhappy with his jug of cider - his life not mine). I also don't want to turn down the chance to bond with people I haven't seen in a long time. ..Some of the situations and events that have derailed me in the past two weeks:..- high school reunion .- dinner with my parents.- rock band/social night with my roommates.- beer with my fiancee while we worked on other projects (I got too stressed to deal with it and was using alcohol as a crutch)...Some of the situations that did *not* derail me in the past two weeks where I would have drank if I didn't have a badge to protect: ..- awful crippling depression day where I just cried and cried for hours. Stayed sober didn't die..- a different day and a different dinner with my parents where I avoided alcohol because I felt like I was on a roll of not drinking and didn't want to break my streak..I wound up drunk on the project day and the rock band day and I wanted to keep drinking on all of them. My biggest excuse not to? "If I do this right now (quit) I'll miss out on this social experience."..My biggest life struggle right now is with depression and low self worth. I recently quit my job and had really thought I would be able to find a new one by now but I haven't been. My relationship has suffered because of both my low mood and low self esteem right now. It's very difficult to be around a person who is constantly down on themselves and knowing that has made me even more down on myself. I am active and productive. I get my job applications out every day. I have crate projects and I have some sober friends...But drinking has made me easier for most of the people in my life to be around me because I can smile and stop crying and I find jokes funny and I can be jollied out of my funk. That being said not a single person in my life - my fianc  my roommates or my family - would rather have me be easy to be around than healthy. When I talk about quitting drinking they take my plans seriously and have expressed that they're happy to put up with me being unhappy if I feel that alcohol is an unhealthy crutch. My problem is that I don't believe them not one bit. I know how much it sucks to be around depressed people and now I am one and I don't know how to deal with it...I want so badly to belong and that results in a strong desire to do whatever everyone else is doing and if that's drinking then I just want to fit in. ..I've noticed that having a "streak" of not drinking motivates me to say "no" pretty well. I may switch from looking at this as "one day at a time" to shooting for a goal like 30 days...If anyone has any suggestions for reframing this problem dealing with not fitting in or handling depression while trying to quit alcohol I'm all ears...Otherwise thank you all for being so supportive and being the sounding board for the problems I haven't yet had the courage to bring up entirely with my close friends and family.
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck.
Well I think I needed to pay more attention to what *I* wanted than what anyone else might be comfortable with. Sobriety has an aspect to it of selfishness. But it's a healthy selfishness if that makes sense. I needed to take care of myself first before I could be there for others even if that meant going through some very moody and low days (where I know I'm a pain to be around). You can't pour from an empty vessel etc. etc. Also I've become aware that my brain will come up with the most ridiculous excuses to drink! Now I just scoff at the thoughts when they come up. Best wishes.
I was worried that if I quit drinking other people wouldn't have a good time when we went out. Huh. They're fine actually. They still politely drink one or two and enjoy their merry feelings. And I'm happy now too. Cool.
I always would get anxious if I didn't go out because you know I'll miss something.  That turned into me going out everyday. Then I'd loosen myself up with drinks before meeting the group out. It turned into a hard cycle to break. ..My turning point and by far HARDEST thing I've ever done was to be completely honest with as many people as I could. I made about 25 calls that first day and just let everyone know what was going on and how I felt.  It saved my life!!..Not a single person shut me out but the exact opposite. I was better received more respected and I wouldn't have stayed sober this long without them...I've found that if people know what exactly I'm going through and how I feel they're happy to help in any way if it keeps me sober for another day.  The ones who won't...they are the easiest ones to replace.  ..You have at least one stranger in your corner pulling for you!
