-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53qk9u/rock_bottom/

This is my first time posting. I've been a regular lurker on Reddit for about 4 years. .I guess I just wanted to put my story out there because all of your stories have helped me so much and I hope someone can relate to mine and feel even a little bit better knowing they're not alone with the struggles they go through. .I'm convinced I was hooked on alcohol ever since getting my first buzz when I was 14. Everything was so exciting and the amount of confidence it gave me made me feel like anything was possible like I'd found this key to a better happier more likeable me. Fast forward 10 years to me sitting in my home with a cask at my foot downing my umpteenth  glass of wine on a Tuesday night alone. .Alcohol became my very best friend. It kept me so comfortable and stagnant on the weekdays. It kept me so numb to anything I didn't want to feel. .Anyone close to me knows I have a drinking problem and I knew too for a very long time but never had the courage or the will-power to stop. .A lot of my life became about the next time I could get drunk sneaking alcohol hiding bottles. Last year I rejected a job and gave so many excuses to the reason why but I really know it's because I thought I wouldn't have enough time to get drunk and party if I had a full time job. I can't even believe I had that thought process. .Last week my girlfriend left me. I had been trying to manage my alcohol for a month still drinking (doctors orders) and failing miserably to know the limit like always. We went out for a friends birthday last weekend I ended up blind and we had to go home early before I passed out. She told me the next day that she didn't know me anymore she told me we are on different paths. .Next day: my absolute rock bottom. All I could think of was having a drink numbing the pain but I didn't.  I have been 8 days sober today. If I had kept drinking I think I can honestly say I'd either have ended my life or wound up in hospital trying to. .I get more clarity every single day that I don't drink. I have dreams every night that I relapse and it scares the hell out of me. I have accepted I'm an alcoholic and I will never have a normal relationship with alcohol. My heart is breaking and I miss her more than I've ever missed anything but doing this sober I know is the only thing getting me through. ..Thanks for reading. Know that alcohol is never going to get you to where you want to be. On and up from here. Lots of love to all of you. Have an awesome day. Xx
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry about your break up. Glad that you have broken up with alcohol as well though. I'm wishing you the best of luck in your struggles! 
My dads girlfriend gave him an ultimatum recently I believe he said he stopped over a month ago and then when I was visiting him last week I noticed the beer (I know the smell)...Alcohol becomes our everything when we drink. You can say anything even try to convince yourself but it's a little demon on your shoulder. No matter where you go it's there. No amount of doctors family/friends could do it for me....You have to make a life change. I know that I was at the point of rehab and when I decided to get sober it had to come from within...We have all the excuses in the world to keep drinking breakup busted foot shitty day at work bad driver road raging a promotion and the list goes on. I bottled my shit up in that poison and yes days suck sober but sober is better than any drinking day.
You've gone 8 days without drinking; this is fantastic! That's the hardest part! And you came here told your story and you're reaching out. Very courageous. ..So your journey has begun now it's time to work on a plan moving forward. In my case I went to detox in a hospital went to counseling was prescribed medications for my anxiety and depression (which is SO much better without booze) went to AA in the beginning and engaged in many various forms of alternative therapies. It was hard to sleep at night my mind was going a thousand miles an hour; I wound up becoming a big fan of herbal tea: Sleepytime Nightly Calm Bedtime Kava. I come here to SD every single day no matter. And we have a very warm and welcoming community always willing to provide support so you may want to try the IRC if you feel like chatting (link in the sidebar on the right). It's not an easy road but it is all WORTH IT. We will help you along. I applaud you for making this decision and hope to see you around here a lot more. Welcome to the family!
