-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53texx/a_melancholy_gratitude_post/

Over a decade ago during my college years I was arrested three times for various misdemeanors stemming from my alcohol use.  One was at a house party I wandered up to at night.  One was at a horse race during the afternoon.  One was a DUI on New Year's Eve.    The two drunk in public arrests I don't remember much of.  I have memories of the periods leading up to the arrests and of being in holding cells but I have no memory of interacting with the police.  I think it's probably safe to say since both arrests occurred in drinking environments that I was acting more belligerent than even common drunks.  I do remember my DUI arrest. After I was pulled over and asked to get out of the vehicle I was argumentative verbally with arresting officer.  I was drunk and 18 and trying to think on my feet and scared and wanted a way out.  It is probably fair to describe my behavior as combative....These matters are all comfortably in my rear-view mirror now.  Although I continued to struggle with alcohol for years after these incidents  I went on to build a life with a wonderful wife a job and two beautiful children.  I live in a regular subdivision and my house looks just like all those around it.  If you didn't know me then you don't know these stories from my earlier days.  And that's for good reason:  I'm not proud of them.  They're not particularly funny or interesting stories and they're just a little over the line for a light conversation about the funny things we did while drinking.  Like most lives mine has had its ups and downs.  Those three arrests are distillations of a dynamic life story into static portraits of an individual at his worst moments.  They do not tell my story.  If you ask people that know me to describe me they would not say that I am reckless dangerous or criminal; although I have been all those things.  I was all those things when I interacted with the police.  To those officers in three different counties at best I was a nuisance at worst a repulsive imminently dangerous person....After seeing the recent news out of Charlotte and Tulsa and taking those stories cumulatively with the conversation we are having in America about race and the use of force I am reminded sometimes death occurs in these encounters.  The outcome I experienced is not a given.  ...Death is never far from any recovery community.  In AA and on this board I've often seen some version of the sentiment "Why did he die and not me?"  With illness and overdose I am content to chalk these things up to the uncertainty of life.  With treatment at the hands of law enforcement in America it now seems to me that I may have been the beneficiary of certain allowances which are not available to all persons in all contexts.  So I am grateful today that those officers I interacted with could see something in me beyond what I showed them that I wasn't danger made manifest I was just a person temporarily in a dangerous state.  I'm melancholy because some never get the chances that I've had to transcend their worst moments.  ...I'm really grateful that I'm not defined by my worst moments but that mostly happened because I got the chance to pick myself up dust myself off and be the kind of man who can be a husband a dad or an employee.  I'm grateful I got that chance.  Not everyone does.  
----------immediate responses--------

I too have lived my worst drunken moments as a person quite unlike the man I really am. It is a very good thing when people are able to see past those times when we are twisted beyond recognition to the real person person trapped within. And I too feel grateful that I've had the chance to work on myself and be worthy of the titles "father" "husband" and "man."
I feel touched by your post.  Thank you for sharing.
Thank you for this.
"I'm really grateful that I'm not defined by my worst moments but that mostly happened because I got the chance to pick myself up dust myself off ..." Beautiful. Right now on day three I feel totally defined by my worst moments. Stories like yours give me hope. I'm really glad you are not drinking today and I'm happy to say I'm not drinking with you. May you continue to be the man you want to be for your family. And I appreciated your thoughtful commentary on our current social climate.
Beautifully written...I feel the gratitude :). Thank you for sharing this.
Thank you for writing this.
Thank you for your post. You express your thoughts very eloquently. I am sure we have all put ourselves in dangerous situations while drinking and have by the grace of God lived to see another day.  I appreciate the reminder that it could have turned out very differently and to live my sober life with gratitude. Hope you continue to do the same.  Enjoy the day. 
