-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53vmc3/sober_emotions/

Man I'm struggling with day 4 right now. The past two days have been especially tough because I am finally starting to come back to reality after 5 months of abusing alcohol to avoid my problems. It's finally becoming clear to me again in my sober state of mind just how much damage I've not only caused to myself but to others over that period. I finally took a long hard look at myself in the mirror just now and realized I don't even know who I've become and that completely broke me knowing how selfish I was trying to fight my problems by feeding my disease instead of getting the help I need. Granted it isn't a hangover but man do I feel like shit right now emotionally. I know I could easily deal with how I feel right now by running to the whiskey store but damnit I made a promise this morning not to have that first drink no matter what happens today good or bad. Here's to a better day five. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey good job!  Sometimes it's a struggle in the early days...You're creating new patterns and habits...It gets better!  You're doing great.
Hang in there. Four days is great.
Your doing great. I've been pretty angry with myself too. Didnt want to look in the mirror. This morning I saw the clearest blue eyes on someone who deserves ti be happy. I wont drink with you today. 
I'm right here with you. We can do this!!..There really isn't no other option is there? I suppose there is but I think sobriety is the ideal choice for life.
I definitely feel you I'm on day 12 and just keeping my eye on the two week point. You just gotta hang in there I hear it takes a while to really start to feel good but it's worth it when you get to that point (I'm not quite there myself). One thing I've done to help when I really feel like I need to go get something to drink I get a candy bar I know it sounds lame but chocolate releases feel good endorphins it helps me kind of cope a little bit. Plus exercise or meditation it's not an easy thing to overcome but it is possible and you'll find a lot of support here if you need it. I won't drink with you tonight.
It's totally normal and different because who we thought was a friend always there alcohol is the enemy trying to weasel its way back into our lives. Stay vigilant some days are still rough but not as rough as they would be drinking. When people said it gets better I didn't get it now I do and it truly does get better. Progress not perfection. Congrats to you! 
