-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53ydes/declined_going_to_a_reunion_with_friends/

23f from Scotland here :)..As soon as I unchecked 'Going' I felt overwhelming relief....It's something I've struggled with I've only put myself in one or two party situations but I never had fun and always ended up going home early excited to get home get on my pjs and watch a film with snacks....This big reunion is coming up at the end of the month at a pub in my hometown and all my friends will be there. I said yes initially because I want to see them so much but soon I became really anxious about the event. I told myself I'd have lots of fizzy juice and chat and laugh with my friends and it'd be fine. But yet I still felt uneasy. It dawned on me that if I was feeling so uncomfortable about it maybe I should listen to myself and not go. So I unchecked 'Going' and I was flooded with relief....I know I could go I could go and chat and hang out and drink my juice I could go - but now it's a question of whether I want to go. ..So much has changed in my sober life I have reconnected with my true self who is introverted loves books films with the boyfriend and family going for walks in the country watching YouTube with my dog. I like space and stillness. For years I drowned this girl out with drink and went out to clubs and pubs. I had to be out of my face before even predrinking with my friends as I was just so uncomfortable....Now I'm just me. I just let myself be. It's okay not to want to be a part of that scene anymore. I've made new friends in sobriety we go out to eat and go to game nights. I'm going to now make the same sorts of plans and see if my old friends are interested. If not I guess we're not meant to be in each other's lives anymore and that's fine. People grow. People change....Anyway sorry if that was a bit rambly haha! I am just really happy to have hit this place and have this acceptance. It's damn cool to just be yourself :)
----------immediate responses--------

Good work here 23f from Scotland!  You are demonstrating through ACTION not words--your commitment to sobriety.
That's really great to hear! I love the Itll Be attitude. Some people here get hung up on losing their old friends if they quit and it's great to see someone who can understand the bigger picture : you may lose old friends...and you'll make new ones. It's OK to grow. 
I love your attitude! You are doing what's right for you.
It is good that you are listening to yourself and understanding your wants and needs.   
Thank you so much guys feeling the positivity as always! So grateful for this sub. I will not drink with you today :) 
I feel you on "drowning the introvert" - I'm much more of a homebody too. Reunions aren't that grand anyway. It's like Facebook IRL - everyone puts their mask on. You'll reconnect with the true blue friends who are worth seeing some other time :)
Your tower is secure.  I also enjoy slowing down my life and spending time with people who really care about me and not having to spend time partying with "friends".
Gawn yersel hen!
That's just lovely.  Accepting and celebrating who you really are is so darn healthy!  And then you find people who really fit you without you having to contort yourself to make it work.  Good for you lady!
yeah hanging out in pubs isn't a good idea for me either. You can do other stuff with them later outside the pub.
I have found that if my gut gives me the answer to listen.
Best thing about ageing is growing and evolving every year.  Even beyond the drinking we change as people and that means shedding or bringing on new friendships that compliment who we are today.  ..Congrats on the 509 days sounds like you have made some very positive changes!
GJ!!!.Keep it up!!
Right on.  I backed out of karaoke night last night at the last minute.  I thought I'd be able to go and not drink but as I got into my car I just had this overwhelming sense of "this is not worth the risk" and walked back into my house.  Good for you.  I find
Well done for recognising it so early in your life. It took me until 44 to come to the same realisation...I'm also introverted and drank to make myself more outgoing whereas what I should have done is played to my strengths as an introvert instead. ..I do that now and life is so much better!
I won't go either to any event if I feel anxiety.  It's better to stay home.
