-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53zqxt/ndv_passing_the_universe_messing_with_me_test/

I'm pretty new around here but not to wanting to stop. Yesterday I had a very good day at work after a very bad day and wanted to celebrate this awesome day with a nice cold 12-pack and some video games. My brain was telling me that I had been "good" for a few days I "deserved it."..To combat this I thought about everyone on here posting and it comforted me. I wasn't alone in my thoughts/struggles and knowing that convinced me to drive straight home instead of stopping for beer...I get in the car to go home and about half-way there my low fuel light comes on. Getting gas in the morning before work is not an option and the only place to get gas between where I was and home is the convenience store I always buy my beer from. In fact they stock a certain type just for me and I buy it so often I usually get the question "No beer today?" if I do not.  .."No problem" I think "I'll just use my card at the pump outside. I can't buy beer if I don't go inside." ..So I'm at the gas pump. It's a gorgeous afternoon if not a little warm. Swipe my card grab the pump and close my eyes for a moment. Just letting the sun beam down on my face enjoying the soft breeze proud of myself. Another sober day. Then it happened.....PLEASE SEE CASHIER.....There was an error reading the card and I had to go inside. Inside the building with the word BEER written in giant friendly red letters on the sign. Inside the building with neon signs hanging from every angle advertising "Miller Time" and "King of Beers" drawing me like a moth to the flame a beacon of light in the darkness guiding my path to sweet sweet intoxication. ..And I followed... ..the same path I take every day when I walk in. I get to the cooler in the back when THANKFULLY I snap out of it. You promised the internet and you promised yourself when you checked-in today. I AM NOT DRINKING TODAY. I decided to save face and grab a soda from the next door over to the beer cooler as to not look as much like I've just had a mental breakdown in the middle of a convenience store. I reach down to the bottom shelf and grab a liter bottle of soda. As I close the door I kid you not the door to the beer cooler pops open......Just a little bit maybe 2 inches but it's there it's open. The door to the beer cooler has just opened itself up to me. After only 2 days the prodigal son has returned. THE UNIVERSE ITSELF wants me to buy this beer. It has to be divine intervention. Or maybe just maybe in my stressed out state I closed the door to the cooler next to it a bit too hard and popped it open or whoever opened it last didn't close it well and I just now noticed. C'mon guys. I've already decided not to drink and I'm staying strong. This is just an example of the mental gymnastics MY OWN MIND is doing against my will to get me to drink. Really? The universe wants me to drink how important do you think I think I am brain? I just had a mental breakdown at a gas station......The rest of the trip was uneventful and I made it home sober and happy. I started playing video games with my friends one of which was on his 2nd bottle of wine for the night and another said he was going afk to grab a beer. When asked if I needed anything. I said "Nah I'm trying to stop." ..It was met with a bit of laughter and something jokingly along the lines of "Sure maybe until the weekend or something?" to which I responded "Nah I'm really trying to just stop.".."Really? Awesome!" was the reply this time. I have never really discussed my "drinking problems" with my gaming buds but with the response of disbelief and excitement I think they know. Or are supportive. Or both. Either way nothing more was said of it we just continued playing then I finished the evening with watching a movie with my SO...Sorry for the long post. ..TL;DR: I'm not drinking with all of you again today same as yesterday...E: Changed a typo.. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I loved this story. Great job defeating the temptations that seemed bigger than you!
Hearing other people are doing it makes me confident I can too. Not drinking with you today bud. 
What a great description of the mental gymnastics our brains try to use to trick us into drinking. Thanks for sharing and congrats on your NDV!
Oh how this brought back memories! My mental breakdown wasn't in a gas station it was in the sushi restaurant that I've been going to for the past 5 years. My friends and I used to hang out there for hours - we spent an obscene amount of money in there and used to have our own wine and sake brought in especially for us. So of course it was my 2nd week not drinking and I walked in to big hugs because they hadn't seen me since detox and an extra large glass of cold chardonnay they had ready for me. OMG. The palpitations began I started to sweat the anxiety became suffocating. All I said was 'thanks but I'm not drinking'. They didn't know how serious I was so they left it next to me. I had a glass of water and literally had to leave the restaurant because I was so tempted that I almost drank the god damned wine! Ironically I had on a short sleeve shirt and all of the band-aids and bruising from detox were all over my arms. You'd think that looking at those reminders would make me not want to drink? Not a chance. At that moment I fantasized about how I would have gotten the chardonnay into my IV line. That's when I had to snap out of it and realize just how sick I am. That. Is. NOT. Normal..!!! ..Anyway I'm glad you were able to get past the gas station breakdown and I think it's helpful that you mentioned your quest to stop drinking to your buddies. I find that it's much better to have support. Congrats on the NDV!
Thanks for sharing this story and congratulations on defeating your brain! Also kudos to your gaming buddies for not putting you under pressure - it's great to hear that you seem to have good people around you to share things with besides boozing.
Thanks for the post! It really is amazing how the mind can try and trick you into drinking. My mind loves doing this but I try to stay vigilant and remind myself why I am abstaining. Congrats on the win! 
