-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5434n4/day_four_was_harrowing_and_um_i_need_some/

Today was a challenge. Back to work stale vodka in my truck (that I threw out) big fight with the SO via text message while I was trying like hell to focus on work told me he does not believe I will stop drinking had to pick up dog food from the only store that sells the kind I buy and it's right next door to my fav liquor store and my biological father who I have only seen one other time in the past five years rolled into town and insisted on taking me and my son to dinner (barbecue which my delicate state could hardly handle) after which my SOs first question was "did you drink?" not "how are you" or how was it?" ..... But drum roll please .... I did not drink today. Whoo. It was a struggle. ..So here is my question. I have had some serious withdrawal symptoms. I have been drinking heavily for a long time and binging outrageously for several months now. So yeah it's been physically rough. But I can't pee. Don't laugh! I'm serious. I am drinking as much fluid as I can but apparently my kidneys have forgotten how to pee without the stimulation of alcohol. I'm a bit worried. I'm swollen up like a Pygmy and I am a fairly small woman so it is really weird. I used to pee constantly (cause I drank constantly) but this is bad. The two to three times I've managed to go have been small amounts of dark stinky liquid. My gut hurts. Ok TMI I know I know and I realize you can't give medical advice but I'm curious about anyone else's experience with this. I wanna go!!!!..Edit: yep. I think a trip to the clinic at lunch today will be the wisest course of action. Thanks all.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on taking this journey of sobriety with us! Hopefully with time you and your SO will be able to communicate better. All you can do right now is just focus on staying sober one day at a time. As far as the withdrawal stuff I'm not a Dr and can't give you medical advice. If I were you I'd see my family Dr and tell him what's going on. My Dr was very helpful when I quit. Best of luck!
This sounds like a great opportunity to see a doctor
Nothing say here except "doctor" (at least a call) or even "ER" to make sure you are seen immediately. ..Will add nothing to be ashamed of and you got through a big day yesterday! But your health is #1 so please take care of YOU today!
[removed]
