-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/544e44/i_am_not_an_alcoholic/

Maybe some would claim that I am others would claim I'm not. But I don't care. I have had such a struggle trying to determine "If I am or if I'm not" that I'm done with definitions...But I will not drink. I will not drink because I don't like what it does to me. I will not drink because although it is not an every day occurrence when it does happen I'm out of control. I will not drink because I am sick of leaning on alcohol to get me through every social situation that I come across. I'm sick of hiding behind it to cover up my own insecurities and demons. And I am even sicker of those demons later being magnified their shadows looming on the walls all around me so that I feel like there is no escape. I am afraid that one day I will try to escape--something I have never thought about sober but has become more and more common at the end of a night fueled by alcohol. ..And besides all of that I will not drink because alcohol is literal poison and I want to be a healthy person I want to love myself and there is no way I can do that with alcohol in the picture. (This is what I will tell others who seem to have a problem with me not drinking)..Definitions confuse me but actions do not. I have spent this week intentionally not drinking--all the while thinking "Am I or aren't I?" And I've decided the answer to that doesn't matter. What matters is that I don't drink because that is my choice and I don't have to explain it to anyone...I've spent many weeks without a drink but never intentional. Every night this week I've had a dream of accidentally drinking and wake up in relief that I have not. I want to feel that relief for the rest of my life. ..I will not drink today and it is truly thanks to this community who has been so kind to bring me in label or not. There are a lot of communities who defend their label who fear their label being 'spoilt'--when I first came on here asking a question I was so afraid that I would get hounded for 'belittling' the label that people would be offended that I dare compare myself but this community has welcomed me with open arms and made me see that it is my right to determine if I have a problem and my right to take action. So I have determined that I am not an alcoholic and I am not NOT an alcoholic. I don't care what I am and what I'm not I choose not to drink...Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing...Yes I could not care less about whether or not I am a word that really has no universally defined definition and it not binary.  Like I have green eyes.  Or I am a male.  No continuum there.  What matters to me is that alcohol like you said is a poison derived from putrefied vegetative matter (after it has rotted) and is really good for sanitizing since it kills all living things and as jet fuel but not to ingest for me.  While it did give me a temporary boost of endorphins my health relationships and physical mental emotional and spiritual well being are more important.  I was unable to live the life I wanted while drinking so I choose not to drink anymore regardless of how my issue with alcohol is defined in a word.
I just finished that bit in This Naked Mind - where "Normie's" seem to like the alcoholic label because it makes them feel immune and better about heir own habits. I'm not labeling myself either. I'm simply a non drinker and am healthier and happier because of it. You keep doing you. I won't drink with you today!
Welcome! Yes alcoholic is a word that is empowering for some and off-putting for others. What's really important is that you understand your relationship with alcohol. ..Not drinking with you today :) 
I like this.  All that really matters is that you recognize that alcohol has a negative affect on you and you are willing to change it.  It takes a lot of strength and determination to do that.  Honestly who cares what anyone else thinks?  This is your life and you are in control.  I choose not to drink with you today.  :)
Thanks for sharing! I appreciate your perspective and am so glad you are here. My experience is a little different and know that I share it with the greatest respect for you and your experience just as a way to add another perspective to the conversation. ..For me knowing I am an alcoholic and calling myself one has helped a lot. I struggle with definitions too. I don't want to be "labelled". But as much as I may not like the term or it's implications I drink the way an alcoholic drinks and I have the consequences that an alcoholic has and my drinking has progressed the way an alcoholic's drinking progresses. Therefore I am an alcoholic. ..To me this matters...It matters because I can now talk to my doctor about it without mincing words (alcoholism is a disease and doctors understand diseases). It matters because when I talk to other people about it they know that I've recovered and if they have a problem with alcohol they might just ask me how I stopped - I can help them. It matters because I have kids and they deserve to know that they have a genetic predisposition to alcoholism. ..My experience was that *not* defining my (very clear) alcoholism as alcoholism did much more harm than good and was a form of self-deception that kept me drinking for years. ..I also heard something early in recovery that pissed me off a lot mostly because I knew it was true: "non-alcoholics don't wonder if they are alcoholics."
the benefit I see to the label is that I surrender and admit I am powerless over alxohol but that's me. Do you. :)
I think this is a great post.  
Great post! Thank You!..
I feel the same way and the lack of meeting all the "criteria" for being an alcoholic stopped me from doing anything about my drinking problem for a while...It was very empowering when I started hearing: "if you don't like what alcohol is doing to your life do something about it. No one needs to drink and anyone can enjoy life sober."..Not drinking with you today :)
I agree completely. "Alcoholism" is an addiction to a drug. Alcohol is a drug. I don't buy into the whole "Alcoholic for life" thing anymore. I don't buy in to "Addict" for life either...What I do buy into is the fact that once I start drinking I have no control over how much I drink (and all that goes with it) so for me I choose not to do that to myself. I choose not to ingest ethanol...Is someone who hasn't had a drink/drug in a long time still an addict? In my mind no. Because of my drug (alcohol) use in the past has altered my brain physically I will always have those neural pathways so if I drink I'm immediately back to the same place I left off but if I don't drink am I still an addict? No. I have a choice. I can stay away from ethanol or I can have a drink and immediately go back to where I left off. I choose not to drink. I am not powerless to avoid that first drink.
Wow this is great. Hits home for me. Thank you for sharing and I'll not drink with you today!
I think you're making a good choice and taking clear-headed action.
The AA term alcoholic is so full of negativity that I think you should reject it. I have found that when I accept myself as an alcoholic that's when I actually don't give a shit and start binge drinking... But let's take a look at the real world definitions of what it means:....&gt; al co hol ism..&gt; &gt; an addiction to the consumption of alcoholic liquor or the mental illness and compulsive behavior resulting from alcohol dependency.....Are you currently addicted to alcohol? or Are you suffering mental illness and compulsive behavior resulting from alcohol dependency? Then you are suffering from alcoholism....&gt; al co hol ic...&gt; &gt; a person suffering from alcoholism.....Are you suffering from alcoholism? If yes then by definition you are an alcoholic. ...Alcoholics Anonymous would like you to believe that you are weak and have no control over alcohol that you are some sort of pathetic sub human incapable of changing your life on your own. I don't believe that I think we all have the ability to rise above alcoholism if we use our will power. I believe that you can be an alcoholic at some point in your life and then stop being an alcoholic. You can relapse and become an alcoholic again. You can sober up and then you can say you had an issue with alcohol but you are no longer an alcoholic. ....
I dont know what I am but I know I cannot drink.  I will raise a toast of not drinking with you my friend best of luck on your journey.
Great thread for me to read.  I have six days and am struggling with the alcoholic label.
I'm a lifelong substance abuser but definitely don't think of myself as an alcoholic. I just got into the bad habit of drinking 3 drinks every evening. I'm quitting now because I can't absorb those kinds of calories. It's not interfering with my life in any other way except that I don't like feeling dependent on a substance. I'll probably indulge in some wine around the holidays and quit again in January. I'm too health conscious these days to be much more involved in drinking than that. At least at this point in my life!
I agree that " alcoholic" has a permanence that seems to be connected to being ill. As though you'll  always be sick and theres no hope of freedom from detachment. Im seeing freedom from it already. I know what alcohol does to MY life so maybe its more like a remission? Hum? I wont be drinking today or reffering to myself as a alcoholic.
I don't tend to use the term. I recognise that drinking was a problem for me and that my solution is not drinking. I'm a much better version of me sober!
Really great post.  Thanks.
I don't call myself an alcoholic and I also don't say I'm not an alcoholic. I don't think I have a problem with the term itself. It just doesn't feel like the right fit for me. Unfortunately I wasted a lot of time continuing to drink because I didn't think I was an alcoholic. I finally stopped worrying about it and decided to stop drinking.
