-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54686d/day_1_again_thoughts_desires_and_questions/

Hi all -..Back again for another try. It's insane how easy it is (inevitable I guess for we who have developed the disease) to plummet down that spiral after a single drink no matter how in control we feel at first. ..My latest wake-up moment was watching footage from "The Resurrection of Jake the Snake" which follows the titular WWF wrestler from the '80s and '90s with his post-fame struggles with health and sobriety. I watched a lot of wrestling as a kid and have a soft spot for those days...Anyway watching him and many other guys that seemed indestructible back then slowly (and some quickly) kill themselves with the bottle had me crying crying crying...Things I need to keep in mind:..* This WILL kill me if I don't stop...* It will be a painful agonizing horrible lonely death...* My family and friends will suffer immeasurably as well...* I will be broke and sick until I die...Desires:..* I want a clear head...* I want a healthier body...* I want a renewed ability to deal with life's shit...* I want to prioritize friends and family over my desire to not be sober...* I want to be free from the need to go to the store once a week to stock up on ibuprofen pepto and antacids...* I want an appetite for non-liquid non-alcoholic calories...* I want to take a normal shit for god's sake...* I want energy...* I want to fall back in love with being active...* I want my first waking though to be about something other than alcohol...* I want relationships that don't center around drinking...* I want to live a long life...* I want to be able to hold down a good job...Questions:..* I live in a tiny town with very limited AA offerings nearly all of which are held during my work hours. What are your thoughts about seeking additional support when AA is not really available?..* What's your go-to mantra or thought or reminder when your brain tells you you can have just a couple drinks?..* How can I set myself up best for making real space for my hobbies and activities and relationships to come back? I don't want to just be dry but obsessing about alcohol. I want to do as much as I can to go back to before I started drinking...when I never even THOUGHT about it. I know that won't happen but I want to get as close to that as I can.....Thanks. Send me some good vibes. .
----------immediate responses--------

Things we have in common: I am a wrestling fan. I don't know if you remember Chris Benoit (the Canadian crippler) but he was a friend of mine. He passed away in a very dramatic fashion for which I will likely always feel a bit responsible. Didn't realize his struggle...But here I am trying to survive and make his death worth something. I was lucky enough to get to be friends with Kurt angle and Paul levesque (triple h) and their ability to stop drinking and drugging has inspired me. Glad to see another wresting fan here!!!!!
Huge Jake the Snake/ wrestling fan here! Had a huge crush on him as a teenager ... but I digress.....In answer to your questions although I don't do the AA thing there are online meetings and there's a channel on YouTube with guest speaker meetings you can check out when your schedule permits.  AA is not the only way.  You don't necessarily need a formal "program" but if you're new-new to sobriety it can help.    ..When my brain tells me that I could moderate I play the tape forward.  I even remind myself of the worst incidents that ever happened to me when I used to attempt to moderate (public humiliation dislocating my shoulder driving drunk etc.)... then I remind myself of all the things I've gained in recovery and realize it would all slowly steadily (or even rapidly) fall the fuck apart if I drank.  On drink is never an option for me.  Ever...Your last question- well just start doing stuff.  Begin at the beginning.  Put your hobbies into the time of day when you'd normally drink....
It was helpful to me to learn that those thoughts of " I can just have a few drinks" or "my drinking wasn't that bad" or "I had a rough day I deserve a drink" or "Insert reason to drink here" ... those thoughts aren't me. Those thoughts are my addiction. Once I understood this concept it changed me. I used to think those thoughts were real and I had to follow them. ..Now when they pop up it's like alarms and sirens go off in my head. "That's my addiction talking! It's whispering sweet nothings in my ear again!" And just not accepting that thought whatsoever. Then I distract myself with something else until I forget I even had the thought. Rinse and repeat. 
