-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54abp1/went_out_socially_with_a_girldidnt_drink/

Had a nice little minor victory today...Was able to go to a bar order soft drinks and have some much needed social interaction...I didn't even crave the drink. I declared 'I don't drink alcohol' immediately after the drinks menu was delivered. We had a brief conversation about it. I explained I was having a break from it and that was that. ..I've been reading a lot of anti-alcohol literature and re-wiring my brain about it. However I've done all this before and still relapsed...There's still a part of me that believes in the theory that the highs and lows of alcoholism are 'real' and even a connection to some great God like presence. ..I'm worried my creativity came from the impulsive stuff I did while drunk. ..There's another part of me that believes deep down I'm a drug addict. That's what I am. That's what I was placed on this earth to be. ..I'm trying to shut these voices out. I'm succeeding so far. Still they're there and it scares me...Good luck everyone
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on not drinking last night. I think we are always redefining our purpose.
There are no *minor* victories. Every day without alcohol is a win! 
Fake it til ya make it! I have/had thoughts very similar to these. I think one of the most important things someone told me to do recently was schedule time to do something for yourself. Something relaxing that you enjoy. A sober activity. I didn't have any of those so I tried painting. Turns out I love to paint. Now it is a part of my routine and it makes me happy and helps me feel productive. Next week I scheduled some time kayaking. ..Keep putting yourself in these positions. Maybe not the bar but things that maybe stretch you a little bit. But make them fun too because then you will want to do them. You will find something you enjoy and become comfortable and realize you are more than what the alcohol says you are.
I am convinced I am a brilliant writer when I'm drunk...I write for a living and have never sold anything I've written while drunk...I'm pretty sure I have a fundamental disconnect there. Creativity isn't swimming around at the bottom of a bottle like the worm in a bottle of cheap mescal. it's inside you...I sometimes slip into a deterministic mindset and I find that when I'm there I sometimes wonder if the purpose of my liver is only to begin the conversion of ethanol to acetaldehyde like it's some kind of higher purpose...Then I go "Dude what the fuck?" and get on with my day.
Hey fellow creative person! I had the same fear about my creativity coming from the the "spontaneousness" of being drunk but that's one voice at least I've been able to lay to rest...Being drunk made it easier for me to *get started* on projects from writing to painting to woodworking but I have finally proven to myself that I actually do definitely without a shadow of a doubt do better work when I'm sober...I've had to use routine to get myself going (I now write 750 words/day over at 750words.com no matter how I feel) but what I produce is invariably of a higher quality...You can do this! Sober creativity is really a force to be reckoned with.
I can really relate to the feeling that your purpose on this planet is to be an addict. I often think that of myself. When I quit smoking what helped me most was to take a mindful approach. Recognising the craving for what it was allowed me to reflect on it and keep it under control. The fact that I was addicted didn't inevitably entail that I had to feed the addiction and act on my craving. I'm trying to do the same thing with my addiction to alcohol now.
