-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54aojh/relapsed_last_night/

Had to reset my badge this morning. Just really disappointed in myself right now. I was looking forward to a nice sober weekend. A whole week of hard work down the drain. Starting over today.
----------immediate responses--------

It's not time down the drain if you've learnt something about yourself what caused you to stumble and can come up with a plan to counter/avoid that this time.
Me too. Starting over today. Except I had 4 days. I feel the same as you right now. Like I really let myself down &amp; it's hard not to roll down the depressing Spiral of Suckiness about myself...But at least we're in it together! And I don't feel disappointed in you; I think you're human &amp; that now that you've practiced you'll be even better at staying sober! I believe in you. And I guess if I can feel that way towards your actions I can try to feel that way towards my own. Plus it's only Saturday! We still have more than half of the weekend left. We can still make it a great sober weekend!
I had many relapses. Eventually I began to learn from them. Each time that I got back up made me stronger and smarter. Each one got me closer to where I am today...You came back stronger and wiser thus time!..I will not drink with you today!
I just read this quote:  Though no one can go back and make a brand new start anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.  -- Carl Bard
Not down the drain.  Don't think like that.  I thought like that and struggle not too but that thinking led me to this type of thinking where I viewed one fuck up as undoing all my hardwork.  The more hardwork I had put in the harder it seemed to get back on the horse.  I was (and still struggle daily not to be) that way with eating working out my studies and especially drinking.  ..Q: Trying to eat healthy and one bad meal for breakfast?.My Answer: "Fuck it all gonna eat shit for lunch and dinner.".Right Answer: "I still have a few meals left that I can eat healthy."..Q: Not enough time for your full two-hour workout?.MA: Might as well not go..RA: One hour is better than nothing...Q: Slipped up and had a drink after one week of sobriety?.MA: I'm a failure and I should just embrace the pain of a week-long binge..RA: You messed up but you can learn from it and get back on that horse.
Hang in there and I hope the rest of the day brings some sense of peace.  Not drinking with ya tonight.
I had 10 days and then had a drink last Thursday hence my badge (which really should say 2 days since I am in Australia -- it's interesting how much I care about that) was reset. Anyway I'm back onto the project and while it would be good to have a 13-day streak a 10-day streak plus a two-day streak with a screwup in between is far better than what would have happened in any given 13 days a month or two ago (consumption of 70-plus standard drinks)...I'm much better than I was and still improving. ..I will not drink with you today. Good luck to us both.
The weeks isn't down the drain :) your liver at least had a few days break from the poison.  Now you can continue letting it heal if ya want. ..Bummy though. You were my sober twin :)
Don't beat yourself up you still have a sober Sunday to look forward to! And can follow that with a sober Monday. I'll not drink with you today!
I was on and off the wagon a lot in the year leading up to my sober date. I hung in there got sober support accrued faith in myself and knowledge. It's a learning period.
