-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54eolz/had_one_of_the_tougher_saturdays_ive_had_in_awhile/

Good morning everyone! Happy Sunday. I don't usually struggle day to day. I hopped off the booze cruise as compulsive binger and for the most part but drinking has been easy enough. As long as I don't start the compulsiveness doesn't come into it. Thank god.   ..But yesterday was tougher than usual. It started with brunch at a friend of my boyfriend's. I didn't know anyone and my boyfriend had meandered to the far side of the room and I felt enclosed and surrounded by people I don't know. I felt the familiar anxiety of not knowing what to do with your hands. The host asked me if Chris and I wanted mimosa or belinis and I blurted out 'sure!'  Immediately regretting it. Was she just going to mix those and hand them to me? And what was I going to do with it then? Surreptitiously dump it out? Hold onto it all day? Drink it? I thought about telling you all I slipped but that it wasn't my fault and it made me think of something someone here had said to someone else who used the same excuse : I read this hoping to see a story about someone holding a gun to your head but all I read were excuses.   ..Luckily she didn't mix them but just came up with more glasses and champagne. When she asked what we wanted he said bilinni I asked for just oj. She didn't even bat an eye and came back with two glasses one lighter in color and thinner and the other a darker yellow with no bubbles. Thank goodness.   ..After brunch we went home and my boyfriend started getting his things together to go to his parents. He wanted to stay over because he's got this Gentleman's Ride for prostate cancer today. I immediately thought of having a bottle of wine. Binging when he's away has always been my favorite. It's like I can finally drink as much as I want without having to behave for his benefit.     ..I decided to go shopping for dinner and to pick up a bag of cookies and milk for dessert. You want to binge while he's gone? Go nuts. You won't get past 5 cookies before you get sick of em anyway. And it worked. The cookies satisfied that Cats Away Mice Will Play urge and now I'm not hungover and I'm so happy I didn't drink. So so happy.  ..I gotta go. The natives (two orange kittens) are restless. I think I'm gonna go make a massive cup of coffee feed the cats make up my weekly dinner menu and iron out my half marathon training. I hope you all are having a great weekend!  ..Not Today 
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! I know exactly what you mean about going on a binge when no one is home. Running does wonders for me regarding dealing with anxiety. ..PS: You should follow the Facebook page "This is not my cat." It's hilarious.
Yer cool. Seriously great victory. 
I was worried when you said yes to drinks.  I'm glad it all worked out!  Happy Sunday.
Great share. Congrats on your victory. I've been binging a bit on food instead of booze and it does help me work through the worst. Also I am an empty stomach drinker so eating automatically ruins my plans lol.
