-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54fqcf/im_not_new_here/

Hey guys I've been here for awhile...lots of ups and downs sober days and some not so much. I lurk here often. I "know" most of the buzz words and books and advice you guys give and it all makes sense...but I'm still struggling...I only drink once a week it's a personal "rule" I have. It usually "works" and I don't get drunk but sometimes I do...always on Friday nights. That's my drinking day...and sometimes I'll switch it up to enjoy day drinking on Saturdays. Then Sunday comes I'm at church and I just wish I wasn't a "drinker."..I feel being a drinker causes me to have low self-esteem. I feel better about myself when I'm going through phases when I don't drink. However Friday always rolls around and I've forgotten by then...I just needed to vent...
----------immediate responses--------

Vent away.  That's what we're here for...I would personally find your "rule" impossible to live by because I was only able to truly "get over" alcohol by stringing together sober day after sober day and learning to live a completely different way than I had been living for many many years.  It took me many weeks to months just to get comfortable being a non-drinker and then about a year to really get control over my life and start to live the life I want to live and set and try and accomplish goals.  One of the biggest keys for me was changing my perception of alcohol and realizing it is not something I want in my life ever...By drinking once a week I would starting over each time and never able to truly change my life.  I can't even begin to imagine the mental acrobats I would have to deal with to just keep it to once a week especially the next day when my cravings are high from withdrawal.  I also would be confusing my mind given that if it is so good I need to do it once a week then why not do it every day...I wish you luck with your strategy but it would be schizophrenic for me.  I needed to be all or nothing to make not drinking work for me and I chose nothing in that I never want or will drink alcohol.
It seems like once I decided I didnt like it being a part of who I am or how people knew me. I really wanted it out of my life. When I die I just dont want to die that person. 
Glad you're here!..Satisfied with where you are?
