-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54kptd/sometimes_just_knowing_that_someone_read_your_post/

There are frequently posts on here that I just don't know how to respond to. Either it's so far outside of my ability to relate to or just such an incredibly sad situation that I'm not sure how to respond in a meaningful way. Sometimes I'm caught up in the same train of thought or in the depths of depression and I'm afraid of having a negative effect on the OP...So I'll at least hit that upvote button. It's not that I agree or even understand. But it says *I'm here. I read your post. You are not alone.*..Even responding *I will not drink with you today* says that regardless of anything else race religion family dysfunction success or failure... We're all in the same fight. In the very early days of my sobriety (this time around) having someone respond with *I will not drink with you* meant the world to me...Today whatever struggle you are facing I will not drink with you my friends...Sorry for rambling.
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you! 
Same...Sometimes all I have is "congrats on ____ days!" Want to be supportive without delving into something I can't relate to
I will not drink with you today. I will also dismiss your apology for rambling because I found your rambling to be a statement I relate to each and every time I come to this sub. Thank you for the rambles. &lt;3
Agree. Some things I cannot relate to but I am sincere in my well wishing.  Most important though is that I'm sober.
In the same boat.  Not very good with words and never thought of the up voting but think it's a very good idea...Not drinking with you today!
My sentiments exactly
Well stated!
I will not drink with you today.
Agreed.  I also try and say 'I don't know what to say I'm sorry' or something like that...Also a reminder that if you sort by 'new' you will often find un-commented upon posts.
We're all wanting to kick this poison to the curb! Have a great week.
I will not drink with you today. I understand exactly what you mean. Sometimes words fail me but I want people to know that I read and I care. 
I will not drink with you today
I will not drink with you.
Thank you for sharing this!! &lt;3
Yes indeed. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for posting this! I'm an "upvoter" -- I upvote every post I read on this subreddit (just for the reasons you cite). I don't often have many words to offer (I'm so new to this) but I am here I am reading and I do care. No one here is alone!
9 times out of ten I feel like other people answered or gave the input I was going to give anyways so I have to decide whether mine will really be adding more or not. But I always read and I always up vote. Sometimes on down days I try to find the posts with the least answers and try type out just anything useful. ..It's sort of like therapy. Some times it's just nice knowing people were listening 
I can relate today I will not drink with you!
Agreed :)
I will not drink with you today buddy. 
Thanks for posting this. It's my truth too. 
This. Thank you. I will not drink with you today!!
Same! I also upvote someone else's comment on a post if I feel they captured what I was going to say. :) 
Agreed! Not drinking with you today friend! 
I feel the same way :) 
I will not drink today
Awesome. I've often thought the same thing and could not have written it any better. 
Sometimes knowing that someone else is out there and cares is all that is needed to turn my day around. Thanks for saying it out loud. This is a great post and one that I can really relate to. I'll be not drinking with you today.
I will not drink with you today. 
You've said important things. Thank you
Well said
I will not drink with you today!  
I won't drink with you today :) 
I won't drink with you today either!     
Awesome. Extremely salient point. Hit that 'sort by new' button before you read the top posts and try to encourage and support others. Hit that upvote button as often as you can. A key experience to your time in this community is finding out you are not alone. Engaging with others is a key component in recovery. By helping a stranger you are helping yourself in every conceivable way. 
[deleted]
Well put. I will not drink with you today! 
93 days and counting! I will also not drink with you today! We got this :) X 
I really had a problem with this sub as I had the feeling that some old timers thought they know everything and can lecture some people. Hope this changed. 
And I won't  drink with you tonight. 
This post! LOVE!
Thank you!!! :) 
I upvote everything I read because it makes such a big difference to me knowing someone cares.
I read it. Hang in there!
Yesss! This is how I feel so often. I try to imagine the person on the other side who took the time to make a post and think of something helpful or encouraging to say. Sometimes a congrats and an up vote is all I can give but I always hope it brightens someone's day at least a little. I'll not drink with you today!
cyclefreaksix - you have been one of the few reddit users I've noticed being so insightful and supportive on SD since I joined almost two weeks ago. Your inputs and support on here are always appreciated by strangers like me and OPs too I'm sure! Keep it up and thank you!
*takes deep breath*.Okay okay. I won't drink with you tonight. 
could not agree more in the first few days it was massive in helping me along. i take comfort in knowing on my tough days some one some where will probably take a look. thank you in advance.
This is the most upvotes I've seen in awhile. I think a lot of people are reading the posts here.
Hiya. Thanks for your thoughtful post. Sending you best wishes for your continued sobriety. You're doing great :-)
Well said friend. Every time I browse this sub within a few posts I find something I can relate to or sometimes it's a story that makes me realize my current situation is much better than others. Either way I get what I need from here fairly quickly and don't visit as often as I should. You've made me realize I should try to contribute more.  I won't drink with you today.
I will not drink with you today comrade!
Amazing post. Thank you for writing it.
No that's fine...ramble on. I'm with you and I won't drink today either. 
I won't drink with you today (3 days ) 
