-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54mup8/my_2_week_story/

2007   Married for 7 years 2 lovely children.. And I took voluntary redundancy and left my workplace in London and setup my own IT business in my hometown 30 miles out of London...To cut a long story short and to take us to September 2016 - My business is doing well I am not rich but stable and paying the bills my wife is lovely and my two boys are amazing.  But I am now an Alcoholic!..I guess this started about 5 years ago.. I overspent setting up my business we were about 45k in debt (credit cards loans etc) and even thou my wife friends and family were all amazing with support and help I slowly began to drown my sorrows... .It was a gradual climb to becoming (what I would call) and Alcoholic and now in September 2016 I drink the following in a week :..-	At least 3 large bottles of Vodka (40% proof).-	4 bottles of Red Wine (has to be a 14% bottle).-	At least 18 Cans of Beer (5%) ..I work from home   do not have to travel far   It has been my little secret   My wife and mother know I drink a bit too much but have no idea the bottles I hide  the triple Vodkas I sometimes drink on a Monday morning and the 4 beers I have every Saturday and Sunday mornings whilst cooking my family breakfast in Bed...I don't go to pubs much  I don't fall over I don't act like a stereotypical drunk I don't sit on a park bench with a brown bag...  I am a bloody good actor and perform most of my alcoholic duties behind everyone's back....I have now given up the drink and today is week 2...The main reason I have decided enough is enough: My Weight..I don't eat to excess always try and eat healthy(ish) however the alcohol has bloated and ballooned me.  I have gone up 3 trouser sizes in 2 years..Maybe I am vain and I would love to say i have given up because of my wife and children and I feel ashamed to say this is not the case... but when I look in the mirror or photos I feel ashamed...2 WEEKS!!!.Within 2 weeks I feel a tiny bit slimmer I have this air of confidence about me I wake up in the morning and feel great (not ashamed and disappointed with myself) I am working harder taking my dog for longer walks I am cleaning the house I am driving around at night!!! I feel bloody good....What has worked for me:.-	Stop thinking about it as soon as you think about it go for a walk a drive play Tetris on your phone..-	Have a goal. Keep thinking about this goal.  My goal is to look like Poldark  .-	Don't advertise it! People hugging you all the time and asking how you are feeling etc did not work for me the last time I tried to give up..-	Do it when YOU are ready if you are not ready in yourself then you will relapse. Rather finish that bottle of vodkas first and gradually come down to a realistic level after a few day's..-	Admit to yourself that you are ill.. and you have some devil dude on your shoulder.. you can beat it!  Knock him off..  have the fight in you...Anti-depressants:.Citalopram has actually made me more of an alcoholic yes I know we are all different but for me personally it makes my brain crave a lot more when I am on it..(I have been on and off citalopram for a few years for panic attacks and stress)..It saddens me when you see on forums people asking if it is safe to drink with ant-depressants.  Please don't. You are mixing a depressant with an anti-depressant. Not a good mix...I know 2 weeks is not a long time but I am 100% focussed on beating this and I have seen the light. I was ready.  ..Please wish me luck guys  & sorry for the grammar and spelling above.. I am not a writer however just wanted to share    .
----------immediate responses--------

For me it only got better after 2 weeks. I had cravings until about a week ago though. Good Luck!
Welcome friend! You'll notice many other benefits other than the weight loss! ..I will not drink with you today! 
I gradually slowed the intake down for about 5 day's before day 1... So it wasn't a big shock to the system. I don't think the cravings will ever go away to be honest . thanks..
Welcome! That's great to hear. Your story sounds quite similar to mine. The stress of my own business pushed me from the minor leagues into the majors in terms of alcoholism. I've also been on and off citalopram for many years. I also am a little vain in my appearance :) I also was able to hide the extent of my drinking from everyone. I also am a good actor...Congrats on your two weeks. That's huge. I like your methods for distraction when the thoughts arise...and they do arise. Thanks for sharing. I will not drink with you today.
Great story! I'm 5 days in can't wait to have 2 weeks under my belt. Thanks for sharing. :)
Good luck! Sounds like you're on the right path for sure. I know that for addicts like me the sense of empowerment I now feel after another drink-free night is pretty um addictive? Dammit.  Well better than drinking.
&gt;I know 2 weeks is not a long time..Oh yes it is! Congratulations on the accomplishment.
Two weeks is great. Keep going!  I like you diversion tactics
