-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54pci3/30_days_gone_no_relapses_loving_it/

Maybe 17 years of heavy drinking (can't remember exactly!) 6-10 pints of strong lager every night in the week and who knows how much at weekends plus cocaine and I've finally stopped. ..In these 30 days so much has changed and it all stems from not drinking. I quit my job in April to start something on my own.  I didn't get anything done until 30 days ago (not surprisingly!) Since then it's exploded ive had a press interview made a big sale earnt quite a lot of money started going to the gym 4-5 times a week discovered eating real food - currently obsessed with fruit smoothies organised my life started looking after myself -physically and mentally got some new clothes and bits for the house made proper plans for the future learned to relax at home alone instead of bar crawling for company and most importantly accepted the shit head I used to be and now understand some of what used to make me my previous self.  I have managed to still go out with friends and socialise without drinking and have discovered a lot of the people I know have drinking problems.  I'm actually looking forward to life now and trying to learn to be happy. I hope it continues. It's the first time in my life. ..Oh I also had a shocking thought I don't think I've ever had sex completely sober so that's going to be an eye opening experience like losing my virginity again at 37 lol. ..Let's not drink today guys!  Life really is better without it.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey this is great mate. I just wanted to say that I'm on day 1 fighting an urge to go grab my nightly beers and this post has really inspired me to not drink.
Awesome. So happy for you... Sounds like you've squeezed heaps into your 30 days. 
Congrats on your star! Your business venture sounds very exciting I'm glad that it's already successful :)...Thanks for being here - I see a lot of your comments and your feedback is appreciated!
Thanks for posting needed to read this. Ive bern struggling and your situtaion is similar to mine.
This is inspiring!  30 days is amazing I've yet to get that far. These are the types of posts that keep me going.  Happy you're feeling so positive.  I won't drink with you today.
Great post! Congrats on everything :)
