-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54t513/my_plan_for_success/

I went from binge drinking on the weekends in high school to drinking around the clock (more than a liter of vodka a day) by 24 years old...This is the first time in my life I have actually decided to pursue recovery rather than just putting down the drink.  ..1)  I went to my HR department told them I needed to go to detox.  ..Came out of detox and started drinking again a week after.  I realized I needed more time away from my life and to create a real plan for success...2)  I enrolled in a two-week intensive outpatient program where they have started treating not only my alcoholism but underlying mental health issues (serious obsessive compulsive disorder and anxiety) that have been causing me to relapse.  This Friday I will be completing the program.  ..3)  In conjunction with my doctor they put me on antabuse.  This is just another tool in the tool box.  It's removing the power of choice and proving to be very effective in keeping me sober by taking the first drink off the table entirely...4)  I'm working with a therapist on a weekly basis as a way to discuss issues with my job and personal life...5)  In a few weeks I will be starting intensive cognitive behavioral therapy through a specialist to combat the OCD and prevent further relapse.  ..6)  I joined a home group got a sponsor and attend at least one AA meeting a day.  Every morning I check in with my sponsor and let him know I'm staying sober for the day.  ..7)  I created rules in my current living situation.  Marijuana has often led me to relapse.  I thought I could smoke weed in safety but I can't.  It always leads to a drink.  So everyone I live with has agreed to hide their marijuana use so I am not tempted to go down that road again...On Monday I go back to work.  I'm scared.  But I'm just sticking to the plan and taking it one day at a time.  
----------immediate responses--------

Great post!!!!  Thank you so much for sharing your plan of action.  Its reminded me that I must always have a plan in recovery instead of just being ho hum about it.  Best of luck at work Monday...we will be here to support you the best we can.
Hot damn  now that is a plan! Congrats on putting in some work. ..I will not drink with you today! 
This is a plan I can get behind. Good for you for doing the work.
This looks like a good plans. Stay plugged into the AA community. The fellowship of talking to other alcoholics have been very important in my recovery. This can be a slow process and there will be many days where it feels like you have made no progress. That is pretty much how recovery goes. We want what want when we want it and it took time for me to learn patience.
That is really impressive!!  
[deleted]
