-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54wmp7/a_few_little_wins_lately/

Hi. I don't post here but do read all your posts a bit and im thankful for having found this little piece of support. Im just over 300 days sober and i realised i have had a few little life wins lately that i wanted to share with some people that might understand...So at around 10 months now im not really struggling day to day with not drinking. The habit of knocking off work and straight past the bottlo on the way home seems to have been broken. Win no. 1..No.2 : i just finished a 12.5 hour shift today came home and cooked a meal. A proper one. And a second separate dish prepped for lunch the rest of the week. All this adult stuff is slowly coming together and it feels good. Its hard to explain how proud i am of this small achievement im sure its so normal for most people...No.3: i realised ive been eating 3 meals a day. Eating was something i rarely did when drinking. And im eating pretty healthy. No cravings for fatty greasy takeaway. ..4. I have a new job and im smashing it! Been promoted and going well. Most of my workmates know i dont drink and dont care no pressure to explain. I actually think that they think im a pretty healthy living guy. If only they new my past haha!..5. Im coping. In the past 10 months i moved a long way from home friends and family. Im stressed and challenged beyond anything i thought i was capable of in my new job. I broke up with the girl i moved here for and have yet to make any solid friendships so life is pretty lonely. So many reasons for the old me to drink. But im coping and getting better at it everyday one day at a time...Thanks for reading :) ive set myself a goal of a year sober and feel like at this stage 365 days is in the bag just waiting for the badge to tick over... not sure whether ill go back to the occasional drink or not at that time but learning so much about myself and learning to function and live without alcohol is my proudest achievement to date...Oh yeah no.6: stress depression and anxiety is much more manageable. Off the antidepressants and getting through my days. Some are hard but as per win no. 5 IM COPING!! Sometimes i have to remind myself that this is a huge for me and a definate win as opposed to not coping...So yeah little stuff normal stuff for most people id assume but some absolute lifetime achievements for me!..Thanks for letting me share this :)
----------immediate responses--------

Good post you should do it more often if you find it helps at all. I know reading stuff like this helps me because I know exactly where  you are coming from in regards to the small victories. I myself neglected many small things and it all builds up house cleaning clothes all over the floor not eating right not sleeping right etc. and most of which I attributed to drinking because why care about all those things when you can just get out of reality through a bottle? ..I find these things the foundations for larger successes and achievements be it in health body or mind. It makes me think....If I keep at this not drinking business (day 3 now) then maybe I will get things in order and get my life together in regards to everything else...Thanks for the post and stay strong. I will not drink with you today.
Those aren't *little* wins at all. Those are some amazingly awesome VICTORIES!!..Strong work!
First of all amazing post congrats! Just wanted to say No.4 is my absolute fave. I cant wait for new people to meet me and never have known the old me (when there is a new me ofc!) I shall not drink with you tonight! And be better people tomorrow. 
Those are huge!  Good job!!
These are greater achievements than most people ever bother aspiring to let alone realizing. Keep it up!
Thank you for posting I can relate to a lot of what you're saying. I also feel like achieving a year is just a case of letting the clock tick. I'm largely loving the sober life things that would have sent me into a tailspin at this point last year are being brushed aside with relative ease...I'll not pick up the first one with you today.
