-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54xxli/even_if_someone_wants_you_to_drink_its_still_up/

My mom is in her 60s and I'm 39. She has always partied hard and never thought she'd live this long so her mentality is to keep drinking and partying cuz she's going to "enjoy her life". I told her I quit drinking and she's been semi supportive but speaks to me about drugs and alcohol on a condescending way like I should be ashamed at myself for not having control. .I've been pretty honest with her and even told her about this sub She told me that if I drink one time I'm not really breaking my sobriety and therefore I should not reset my badge. But My badge is a lie. I went almost 60 days until this last Friday. In almost 60 days I lost 22 lbs I did multiple internal cleanses that have healed my body I saved about 500$ but most importantly I really started to love myself and get to know a new person who was sober and alert. I really started liking her but she was scared of social situations and was isolating. And going thru a case of la Croix a day. But I really was finally being my best self every single day. .Well on Friday my mom came over to my house with a six pack of my fave and a six pack of her fave and a common friend. My mom kept insisting I just have one. God dammit I did have one. It was delicious and I let the "party goblin" ( ... Iliza Shlesinger) out. I drank it down drank three more til it was gone then moved onto my moms beer that I don't even like and drank two of those. I wanted to go out n get more but I passed out instead. Next day was ozzfest and I drank there freaking 14$ a beer. We shared. Sunday felt like shit drank more. Monday abstained. Felt like maybe I could moderate. Fuck I'm so stupid. Tuesday night got 48 oz of high alcohol percentage IPA and there I was drunk in front of the tv empty string cheese wrappers n Twix wrappers on the nightstand. That was my nightly routine for almost 20 years. Drink eat bad pass out drank every day never knowing when I would over drink and do something shitty like wind up in a hospital puking blood or wake up in Mexico after being raped and contracting an std. Or when my boyfriend/best friend of six years relapsed on alcohol and disappeared in 2014. Still hasn't been found. I got smashed the day I found out. How the hell did that make sense in my head??? I miss him so much .My point here is I can never ever drink because all I want is more. And then alcohol takes more than I can give. I feel terrible today my intestines and liver are so upset I have a headache and want to stay in bed but I have to work. I feel shame and cried already this morning. This is not who I want to be anymore. I want to be that sober girl I was just getting to know. . I don't want this alcohol centered life anymore. I want and need to be free from alcohol in my life. I'm reading this naked mind and I'm getting ready to have a serious talk with my mom about my problem. If my mom can't support me and not bring me around alcohol I may have to stop seeing her for awhile that's how much I need to be sober. I'm a single mom whose been drinking 20 years my kids are 17&16 and have seen and lived thru more shit than I want to admit to or remember. I can't even remember all the bad shit they've seen. I have guilt shame regret and I can't love myself when I'm drinking. I went almost 60 days I'm just scared I can't do this for real. I'm scared To be my best self because I don't know who that person is. I'm scared I'll never date because it seems like everyone drinks but when I do one drink is never enough. Never. .Anyways I'll be getting a badge reset soon today is day one..Thank you for listening I just need to get this off my chest and be honest about my sobriety with all you wonderful people. .Make room for me on the wagon I'm getting back on. .On a side note:  Was watching pump on Netflix and one interesting take away... Prohibition was partly a result of the fact that alcohol was being used to fuel cars at the time and Rockefeller saw that as competition for his oil company and put lots of money and muscle behind prohibition successfully banning alcohol for any use and furthering our consumption of oil in cars. .
----------immediate responses--------

Your honesty and bravery are astounding.  This post is breaking my heart and I'm so sorry that your mother has not been the support that you need and I hope things go well if you decide to have a talk with her...I'm still really scared too.  Scared that I'll fail again knowing full well that I don't want to live that life anymore.  ..I'm glad you shared this.  Hang in there and I won't drink with you today. :)
There's not much I can tell you that you don't already know. So I'm sending out an internet hug and some positive energy...I will not drink with you today my friend.
Sort of sounds like Mom is an enabler. If nothing changes going forward I am not sure how anything will change for you. I needed to change just about everything in my life including getting alcohol out of my life. I guess the decision is yours just like the pain of relapse. I am sort of a coward and try to avoid pain at all costs. Relapse would be painful and staying sober turns out to be the easier softer way for me.
This post makes me thankful that my parents and family are so supportive of my sobriety. They would be so disappointed if I relapsed.
You *can* do this. Don't beat yourself up because you had a couple of drinks. After all now you're here picking yourself up off the ground dusting yourself off ready to take another step on your path - and that takes courage determination and passion. I admire that in you...I won't be drinking with you today.
