-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54zt08/rough_night_rougher_days/

So I fucked up. I don't know what it was about Sunday night but I really messed up and ended up drinking way too much. I hadn't had a drop in seven months so the subsequent hangover was one of the worst I've ever had. Two days later I'm still feeling fuzzy and physically weird. And the anxiety and shame I'm feeling is unparalleled to anything I've felt before. I don't want to talk to anyone about this because I feel so horrible about giving in and taking that first drink because this feeling wasn't worth any of the fun I thought I was going to have. So basically I just feel like I want to crawl in a hole and not talk to anyone until this feeling of shame and frustration goes away. I don't know what to do to feel better about myself and I don't know who to talk to about it. So I'm here. Any advice or kind words would be so fucking cool right now. How do you get over feeling like shit about relapsing??
----------immediate responses--------

I relapsed many times. That shame and guilt is a lousy feeling. Holding on to that shame resulted in even more drinking. ..I had to learn how to let it go. I had to learn how to forgive myself so that I could move forward. 
Learning from a relapse is critical. What can you do differently this time so it doesn't happen again? Kudos for seven months; no one can take that away from you. Hang on! and Stay in touch!
Seven months is a huge accomplishment! What I learned from relapsing is that I had to be willing to do more to protect and support my sobriety. For me that meant getting more outside support (therapy AA) and being more honest about my drinking with my husband and other people I'm close to.
You were sober for seven months?  That is *phenomenal*.  Obviously I don't know the reality but I would be that you were able to stay sober longer than 90% of the people who ever came across this board...Yes relapsing is bad.  Very bad.  But don't forget what you have been able to accomplish.
Oh boy I know that feeling. A couple weeks ago I would have been a year sober. 4 days ago I hated myself to the point of wanting to end it. What I did was reflect on all the shit I've been through and all those moments that I thought it couldn't get any worse. I said to myself "look at you. Here you are. You made it through that and you can make it through this." I had to dig deep and start to forgive myself. Part of this is an addiction which I cannot control but what I can control is how hard I fight to regain what alcohol has taken from me. I'm making a plan and I'm using every resource I have this time. If I can do this I know you can.
Ok it happened and as the depression etc from the alchol leaves your system I would just say no now going forward. It happens to all of us. I wont drink with you tonight
