-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5518vm/now_that_youre_sober_how_do_you_feel_about/

This is my second go-around at any real sober time.  Was sober for about two years relapsed for a year hit jail then rehab and now I'm coming up on six months.  When I first got sober I had nothing but sympathy and empathy for alcoholics especially those that were low-bottom.  This time around I feel something close to resentment and not a lot of patience for those that can't stop.      
----------immediate responses--------

I have been going at this for 4 years now sober not sober sober again...........The ones that cant stop fill me with intense sadness. I am currently watching a close friend drink himself to death. His choice. Immense sadness. 
[deleted]
I feel sadness most often...Sometimes that which Irritates me most about someone is a reflection of something I dislike about myself...I should add or rather qualify my boundaries are more clear in my life.  While I have empathy and sadness for them I don't let them create drama or chaos in *my* life.
I feel awfully sad for them because their life is miserable and I know that could be me.  And heck this time around I'm only 44 days sober so I can't judge at all!
I get annoyed... my SO's father jokes at every family occasion about being an alcoholic. Like its a huge fuckin' joke. He had my 12 year old 'smell how good his red wine is!'.  Not so funny to me. 
How do I feel about alcoholics now? I'm sad. And torn...I received a call last night from a dear friend's sister. Her brother (my friend) is quite literally drinking himself to death (daily intake includes: case of beer handle of bourbon a whole large bottle of vodka and various shots of anything that can be poured). His family has not seen or heard from him he disconnected his cell phone and only leaves his house to walk across to the bar. We discussed an intervention but I don't know how to feel about all of this; he is somebody that I don't even recognize anymore but I know he desperately needs help. This is frankly do or die. Part of me is filled with anger and rage - and it's because I know he doesn't want to live anymore. And part of me is filled with profound sadness - and it's because we only have one precious life yet he's letting alcohol win. Alcohol is killing him...I'm glad you're back and happy to see you already at 154 days. You were sober for 2 years you can and will do it again. I can understand your resentment and loss of patience...I really do.
I'm sympathetic to their situation but won't tolerate their bullshit. 
I do not have resentment. If they are trashed and I am not I get the mire grateful and thankful that it is not me in that state.  I will not drink with you tonight
I just feel bad for them. It makes my heart ache.
I feel sad but there's an anger part too.  ..My wife and I let a good friend of hers crash at our place while he supposedly got his life back together.  He's drinking/using himself to death.  What he really does is drink himself into the hospital recover here on our dime then go out and start the cycle over again.  She's not letting him back this time.  What really makes me angry is if he continues he'll be dead in a few months and my wife will be filled with guilt because we didn't do more.  So sad!
Only difference is that today I'm sober and they are not. Tomorrow it might be different hopefully just for them
I say a prayer for all the alcoholics who are struggling. They break my heart. Even the drunk driver who crashed into me and put me into surgery for nine hours.
Since starting sobriety I've been watching a lot of the episodes of shows like "Addicted" and "Intervention" that involve alcohol. I feel sad for them sad for myself but thankful that at least more bad stuff won't happen to me. It's also a little motivating...I don't know any other alcoholics in real life but I imagine I might get a little irritated around them only because I don't want to see a mirror of my own past problems day-to-day.
I know I should not feel like this but here goes.  All my old friends I have mostly stopped contacting  or hanging out with. I hung out with one one holiday weekend  she had people over for a small party everyone drank except me but I was the life of the party it was fine.  My Issues come with the homeless in my town. I work in urban open space parks. We plant trees and plants to restore native vegetation and provide nice public areas anyway the homeless destroy all our work. Trash Feces They sleep on our plants trample them cut up irrigation lines. They steal stuff from all over town and dump it on our restoration sites.  They harass women that walk by and make students feel unsafe. They surface shit steps away from where they sleep.  I do not feel sorry for them. Sure there are other drugs and mental issues but every one of them drinks every day. They disgust me and I wish we could remove them from our society if not our planet. This is a college town so they know the students will give them money and the police are pretty lenient.  Watching them and picking up their shit is one of the main reason I quit drinking. 
I feel profound empathy toward other alcoholics even when they are too stubborn to acknowledge a problem or seek help. I was the same way for many years. who am I to judge them? how do I know things won't "click" one day as they did for me?..I also feel grateful for my sober life. sometimes it's like looking in a mirror - that was once me that could still be me. but I chose to stop the cycle and have been rewarded with peace and good health.  ..I enforce my boundaries protect my sobriety and relinquish my ego. meditation helps with this.  
If I were to make a statement like this I would wonder what the state of my recovery was. What would be going on in my life that I would be resentful for other people's drinking? I might go out and see 10 people drinking and only 1 will have an issue. The only thing I should be doing is to not to be judge mental and to work on keeping my side of the street clean. I have found that on of the keys in my recovery is to not allow anger or resentments to linger.
Mostly sadness/empathy. Knowing that I was that person just a few months ago. ..I understand how people feel impatient with those who clearly have a problem but won't admit it and won't even try to help themselves. But I also know what it's like from the alcoholic's point of view - that part of the addiction is that it tells you don't have a problem and it forces you to put your addiction before everything and everyone else. Part of it is us too. But it takes time and practice learning how to combat those "addict thoughts". It takes so much time and effort to break through the denial. Some never do. 
When I see or think of someone in the throes of this I feel humbled and grateful that I have made this decision because that could be me and it might be me again someday - hell it could be later today or tomorrow! Who knows? This is a terrible awful disease. And I don't know if I'll ever feel safe enough to not consider myself a lush...
