-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/551vtj/i_organised_a_reddit_meetup_in_two_weeks_time_and/

So I post daily in my city's subreddit. Since most meetups organised by everyone else revolve around drinking I decided to organise my own meetup at a ten pin bowling alley. I also want to improve my social anxiety and make new friends...There was a high expression of interest from others. Now I'm slightly worried about a large number of people turning up.  I don't do that well in groups.  I have been vaguely planning a relapse in my head. If not alcohol then codeine (it doesn't "count" right?)..Moreover someone posted in the meetup thread that we can get a private room and there's a bar in it. I wish he didn't have to casually mention the idea of alcohol. I'm hoping there will be few or no drinkers at this night. Why do bowling alleys even need bars anyway? I don't remember this being a big thing when I went bowling as a kid but I digress...Finally I'm also worried that someone I know from RL will turn up. I know some people RL who have gone to past meetups including a person from my professional life who I don't want to know my reddit identity because there's sensitive posts on my account. Perhaps unlikely but still possible. ..I know I'm being irrational and am trying to approach things as follows:..* Don't stress about the event until it happens.* Treat the event as my first major test of sobriety.* Leave early if things get uncomfortable.* Have a premade list of questions to ask in conversation.* Work on name memorisation techniques!.* Refresh my memory on CBT techniques.* Have lemonade or sparkling water for myself at all times.* Have the Reddit overwrite script ready to go just in case the worst happens..Many people at this meetup should be socially awkward too so I should feel more comfortable...I feel that if I put the above plan in place instead of winging it like I always do I'll have a better chance of surviving this night.
----------immediate responses--------

"I know I'm being irrational and am trying to approach things as follows:.Don't stress about the event until it happens.Treat the event as my first major test of sobriety.Leave early if things get uncomfortable.Have a premade list of questions to ask in conversation.Work on name memorisation techniques!.Refresh my memory on CBT techniques.Have lemonade or sparkling water for myself at all times.Have the Reddit overwrite script ready to go just in case the worst happens"..I think these are good ideas to have. I know I personally couldnt write down questions to ask people as I would feel unnatural in the conversation. ..You always have the option to leave at anytime as well! I have my friends bachelor party coming up in a few weeks. I have mentioned to him my dive into sobriety and he is very understanding. I told him if things get too much for me Im going to go home early. ..If your worried about people "judging" you for anything dont be! These are strangers from the internet and you owe them no explanation. The person that comes first is you ;)
I am one of those weird introvert/extrovert mixes who does stuff like this all the time. I will organise events then absolutely dread it until it happens then have a great time. ..I also literally am going bowling tonight for my work leaving party because I didn't want to end up just going to a bar and yeah seriously when did bowling alleys become all about drinking? Weird. ..One - if you don't drink you'll be way better at bowling...Two - I always found that doing an activity with people tends to take the edge off having conversation. You can watch people bowl have fun cheer when someone gets a strike. You can literally talk about bowling. ..Three - Leave if people get sloppy drunk. ..You'll be fine. I got a bit anxious when someone today said they would put some beer in the fridge so we can start early but hey literally no one can force me to drink right? Only I can do that! ..Good luck. Hope you get a strike!.
It sounds like you have a good attitude and focus.  You'll do great.  ..Personally I can't focus on stuff in the future like this or I'll make it into something bigger than it is.  I try to focus on the moment I am in.  I know when I do that I feel better and when I don't the event in the future becomes scary and big and has all of these doomsday scenarios with it. 
