-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/553hpd/abstinence_vs_moderation_vs_breaking_my_fast/

I haven't had any alcohol since February 4th except for a small half serving of wine at a dinner toasting the birth of my granddaughter last month and a few tiny sips the next day.  The next important family gathering with wine will be Thanksgiving.  We traditionally go around the table that day saying what we are thankful for.  It is very sweet sometimes light sometimes tearful but everyone listens & toasts & it's warm & lovely.  ..I could do Thanksgiving without wine and nobody would mind but I don't want to.  I want to celebrate Thanksgiving like the grownups do.  I want to nurse my glass of wine while we socialize make gravy sit for the feast & tell each other what we're thankful for.  Honestly I want it more before hand to give me a slight buzz than with the meal.  I can toast with water & it isn't a big deal...When I had my half glass of wine last month I wanted more but resisted. I nursed my half glass & thought "this is all you get" & kept my resolve. I sort of gave in the following day with a few tiny sips but stopped well before that turned into a glass & haven't struggled with urges since.  I did not feel the need to reset my badge for this...I think I can do this again without the follow up sips and I want to and I don't want to feel guilty about it...I know what you all will say; that it isn't worth the risk of losing my sobriety for a glass of wine at Thanksgiving that this will lead to me becoming a daily drinker again and that moderation doesn't work...But here's the thing.  I think it's different now.  This is a planned event.  I am restricted to 1 single glass of wine.  Period.  I started off thinking 1/2 - 1 glass of wine but I think having a fuzzy limit isn't good.  I get one glass of wine and I get to enjoy it.  After that I will not drink again until the next big event; possibly the next Thanksgiving...So why do you think this is such a big deal to me?   And why am I feeling so guilty about it?
----------immediate responses--------

I want you to be happy. I want you to have total control over your happiness. I am in no position to judge (I'm a mess!). I will say that thanksgiving is still so far away. I am worried for you that this has already taken over your thoughts. ..In response to your questions at the end: I think it seems like a big deal to you because you aren't totally sure that YOU are making the decision. I think you feel guilty because you are torn between the ideas that you are freely choosing this and that you aren't. And that is okay. It's more than okay. That's what we are here for...I don't think anyone can or should tell you how to feel. If it were me I'd just take a moment to examine this conflict. There's a reason you felt compelled to post. Maybe just investigate these feelings...I'm here for you no matter what! 
Only you can decide if the risk of drinking is worth the experience of being part of the festivities. Can't say I blame you for wanting to have that with your family  but I also understand your trepidation as sobriety is hard-won and precious. 
For me moderation was not worth it.  This is an excellent example of why.....AND I would ask you to look at the amount of time and energy you are spending thinking planning writing out justifications and rationalizations...a glass of apple juice or whatever - works for me in these situations. And the reason I choose that route is that I know this would be me But  then I'd be researching new holidays pushing for new grandchildren and then finding larger and larger glasses so just one would be enough......Beyond multiple sets of holidaysI have been survived a lot of "appropriate moments" sober.  Promotions lack of promotions interest in my novel publisher not going through with it (twice) retirement Sept 11 deaths of parents my divorce my remarriage kids graduating college - a daughters wedding - ..for me ginger ale apple juice water works fine....
I'm just curious what your drinking was like before? What made you stop? Is it worth possibly getting back to the old drinking habits? I know I could have one beer for one night at this point but I also know what that would lead to. I would be back to my old ways fast and I quit because of the way I was drinking.
I will say from my experience I couldn't test the Alki-demon in my head.  (Name's Pedro he truly is an arse)...I tried to moderate all last year.   And thought the same thing you are now....."There's nothing wrong with me celebrating the holiday I can drink to celebrate."  ..Or  "It's my birthday it's all about me today why can't I make a toast to my honor."  ..Oh the excuses to drink when I made it about me...Everytime I tried what you are saying the voice in my head would tell me .."SEE!  You can have 1 glass and be FINE.  So have another it won't hurt."..  and so I would.  Or I would be fighting the entire night to NOT get that second glass and would not really enjoy the evening cause I was too busy fighting with an imaginary (but very real) voice in my head telling me that I do not have a drinking problem...I spent so much time rationalizing reasons WHY I could have a glass or fighting with Pedro on why I COULDN'T have another that it was pointless endeavor.  Too much work for something that only gives you a few minutes of happiness if that.  ..You do you and know that no one here will judge you for it and will listen to the wins and the losses.  But riddle me this;  you wrote 383 words (yes I counted) defending your choice to have a glass of wine on Thanksgiving.  Do you think it's worth risking your sobriety?  ..Cause I know for me one glass of wine resets my Sober date and I can truly say that my life is infinitely better sober than when I was playing roulette with my addiction.  And there are some mighty fine Grape Juices out there if you just miss the taste!..FTZ...
