-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/557y0b/this_week_is_the_calm_before_the_hurricane_for_me/

Today my AA sponsee hits 5 months sober. I have been blessed to watch this person grow and change as she separated herself from the madness of drinking remorse guilt and shame. In four and a half months since I started working with her we have developed a very close connection. I'm blessed by her trust...[I remember the day I hit 5 months.](https://w3.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2jeq04/5_months_150_days_3600_hours0_alcohol/?sort=confidence) ..The 5 month mark turned out to be the calm before the storm for me. The next day we were told my husband has acute myeloid leukemia and was deathly ill and I rushed him to the hospital. It started the craziest few months of my life. With the support of friends family people in recovery and my sponsor I made it through. ..At the time I could not understand why my sponsor and the people in recovery (including perfect strangers from this very subreddit who only knew me a few months at that point) were there and supporting me through the toughest time of my life. ..I didn't understand the love and concern recovering addicts and alcoholics have for each other. We all share the same challenges and fears and struggles with our addiction. Having now had the blessing to work with a newly recovering alcoholic I can see why my sponsor was willing to do so much for me. ..It is the desire to give back. The willingness to try to pay back to the universe for the support we received in early days if we reached out for it...For me personally today I stand at the precipice of a completely new life. One week from today I will move out of my marital home into an apartment of my own. By the end of the year I will be divorced. I am stepping out into empty space and trusting that I will be held up. ..It is a terrifying and exciting time to be alive. I know that the decisions I am making to separate myself from an unhealthy relationship are the best and safest choices for me. Under no circumstances does that knowledge make it an easy choice and I am deeply saddened...In Alcoholics Anonymous we talk about the "9th Step Promises". We talk about finding "a new freedom and a new peace". The Promises include having a knowledge how to handle things that previously would baffle us. ..When I was still drinking it would have baffled me to think about living on my own and not getting wasted immediately. Not anymore...Now I am leaving a relationship with an alcoholic who has no desire to recover partially because I need to protect my own sobriety.  I love my husband. He loves me...but we are headed down separate paths of life. ..In recovery I have grown and changed. I have fallen down and scraped my knees and dragged myself back up...and I still have SO MUCH to learn.  One day at a time I will face this challenge of learning to live with myself and discovering who I really am. ..Today is similar to that day when I collected my 5-month chip and I was waiting to hear about his cancer test results. I had no idea what the future would bring but I was not alone...You are not alone either...Stay sober my friends. ..Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

Love is truly powerful. Wishing you a bright future. You are already a light.
What a nice share!  And Mouse I send Blessings to You more than you'd ever imagine.  I know you're going to be just fine!!    .Shine~
thank you for this. i needed it so much today...best of luck to you. i did the move out/move on thing just over two years ago. the peace is sweet solace. 
Very insightful share. Thank you. I wish you the best. I won't drink with you today.
I &lt;3 Maus WOOP 
Hi Mouse!! I've kept you in my thoughts and prayers and I'm glad to see you posting this today...Wow. Moving into your own apartment for the first time is such a tremendous step. But I am so glad that you're looking at this from a strong and positive perspective; knowing and acknowledging that your husband is an alcoholic not willing to seek help is key. Geez I want to give you a million hugs and a round of applause for all that you've been through all that you're going through and all that you will go through...because DAMN that's an amazing show of strength girl! You will never be alone you've got your dedicated army here behind you as always my friend. I'm sending love peace and blessings your way :) xo
I am glad to read this and to see you in a good mental space. Remember that the eye of the hurricane is where you will the weather calm! 
Good for you for having the strength to love him and still have control of your own life and make the difficult choices for yourself. It was inspiring to hear thank you for sharing :) ..It sounds to me like you are strong enough to handle this change and I'm glad you feel the support!
Thank you for sharing :)
Thank you for sharing. I have been following your story for awhile and have think you are an incredibly strong woman. Wishing you the very best as you start this new phase of your life. 
