-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55idh3/i_came_so_close_to_relapsing_last_night/

... and I feel so incredibly guilty. Yesterday was my 27th birthday and I was dog sitting at my parents' house. I was alone. There was a liquor store a block away. And I had all day to think about it. I don't want to drink. I didn't want to drink. The thoughts just kept coming and coming and didn't stop. I watched movies. I washed my car. I took walks. I went on r/stopdrinking. I did have one plan that saved my sobriety. At 7pm I realized I was about to relapse. Mind you I did not want to drink at all but the incessant thoughts started winning. So my trick that I had been planning all day: I transferred all my remaining money from my checking account to my savings account. I don't know why but I felt instant relief. Ya I could have transferred it back but it felt like I couldn't use my debit card anymore. I went to bed at 7PM and woke up this morning at 3 AM and the liquor stores were closed. Success. I still feel guilty and scared. I feel guilty because I almost did it. I feel scared because I almost lost it and could have been drinking for the next 4 mounths to a year (my usual time between tries). Scary stuff. Thanks guys and gals for everything. I never had a craving in all 38 days prior to this. It was my first one. It just sucks because I didn't want to drink. With each thought of drinking though I grew weaker and it sounded better. Oh well. I think I'll be fine for a while. I feel a lot better today.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job!  I know waking up sober after going through that would make me feel like a million bucks this morning. 
Congrats on staying strong! I used to say *I don't want to drink*...Now I say *I will not drink*...For me this makes it a statement of action. Feels more empowering...
You have skillz! Congrats!
there's nothing to feel guilty about. Actions not thoughts ..you're still sober. ..happy birthday  and I feel like your parents have been going for weeks at this point?
Excellent. Congrats. That's a fabulous protection strategy. I suppose sometimes we do have to protect ourselves from ourselves.
And happy birthday to you! 
You are so much stronger than you think. You've proven it today. Keep it up!  
I liken these episodes to playing a computer game where the craving is a boss at the end of a stage. ..Well done for slaying that beast and when he returns next time you have more experience to deal with the mother fucker...Oh and this is a game that I've found gets easier as you go rather than more difficult...
Tough week at work after a successful vacation.  Fall weather with nothing to do.  I was jonesing hard yesterday.
Whatever it takes is whatever it takes. A win is a win is a win...I think I'm lucky on the guilt issue. I grew up Catholic. One day when I was about 20 my mom (whom I love she is wonderful) was definitely trying to lay the major guilt trip on me for something or other I don't even remember what anymore. Somehow I saw it for what it was and said "the guilt's not going to work anymore Mom." And it never has since.
[deleted]
Great move and happy birthday!!
Happy Birthday! I'm sure the cravings were scary but you didn't do it. Instead you did something that I used to do all the time (sometimes still do) and it was successful: went to bed. Beautiful NDV :).
