-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55ioa3/im_calling_it_quits/

Hey everyone I'm 28 years old and have been struggling with drinking the last four years. I know I'm an alcoholic because my dad was a severe one back in the day when I was growing up. Thankfully he is now nine years sober. I haven't discussed this with him because we've always had a distant (yet friendly) relationship. I know I will admit to him soon that I'm an alcoholic but I'm not quite ready yet...Anyway I've attempted numerous times to quit drinking. Last December I made it 30 days but started drinking again when my stress at work returned. In July I also managed 30 days and managed to lose 6 pounds. I'm obese and usually have been since I was younger. I've lost weight successfully twice but now I'm bigger than I ever have been and it is because of drinking. I drink to relieve stress and loneliness but it's been devastating to my weight. I need to lose weight. I hate the way I look and want to put myself on the market so to speak (I'm single) and the only way I can is to quit drinking...I've also finally been getting my anxiety and depression under control. I've went to a doctor in August and am on antidepressants which have helped tremendously. I also feel like I need therapy for depression and anxiety though I'm not quite ready yet. I also feel like I've other undiagnosed problems (ADD an inability to focus wandering thoughts) that I intend to get treated at my next doctor's appointment. ..I know for a fact that I'm an alcoholic. Moderation is simply out. I know for a fact that I cannot have more than drink period. It's in my DNA I believe. I've looked up some local AA groups and while I'm not yet ready to attend a meeting this week or even next week I know for sure I will attend some day soon. All I know is that today is Day 1. I fucking quit. I love (read: hate) drinking. It's slowly killing me. I'm ready to take a step toward recovery. Thanks everyone for the wonderful and encouraging posts. I'm looking forward to contributing to this terrific sub...TL;DR: 28-year-old alcoholic guy with depression and anxiety issues is ready to recover. I need some help and encouragement. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to SD and thanks for posting! I know grabbing a badge which counts your sober days was a big step for me...Glad you are here. I will not drink with you today. 
No matter what it all starts with the decision not to take that first drink. I go to AA but it's not to keep from drinking. For me AA is a way to grow spiritually and to share that with others. Therapy has taught me how to deal with the stuff that was there before the drinking ever began. And this sub has been the place to go whenever I need someone who understands to hear me out good times or bad...You can do it! I will not drink with you today. 
Congrats I'm on day 11 and have trouble processing all the emotions that are coming to the surface. Would love to pick up some drank and forget about it but that hasn't really helped me in the long term in the past. Stay strong brother.
I've never regretted my choice to stop drinking. Once I did it took me a while to separate my ongoing dull hangover/drinking cycle that fed my dopamine needs and what was really going on in my head. Took me almost six months to find some mental peace (where the peace was the prevailing feeling over the turmoil and mental "churn") but I never could have done it without taking the first step of quitting the alcohol. Best wishes.
It's funny/stupid when I think about it but I exercise / lift regularly and I wanted like crazy for the fact that I am still overweight to be about anything other than drinking...I've got a lot of the ADD traits. Drinking does not help those at all. My focus is way better not only sober in the moment but sober all around for days and not trying to get through what I had done to myself last night.
[deleted]
