-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55kj5b/after_being_more_comfortable_opening_up_about_my/

One thing I've learned in my time being sober is that I learn who my real friends are. Through my multiple periods of relapse and sobriety I've had friends who stuck with me. I've also lost contact with those who I know I've hurt. Those who have stuck with me have given me tremendous support and I couldn't be more thankful. Those who I've hurt don't want to ever hear from me again...I've only recently become more comfortable with opening up about my past drinking problem to other people who didn't really know and they're happy that I'm on the path to better living. Through all their replies of "I didn't know this had been going on" and "I'm happy for you" they're all happy that I'm nothing like what I was before. They're sticking with me and I'm incredibly grateful...But then I got a text from a friend...Friend: So I made some discoveries...Me: Oh?..Friend: Like being able to chug half a bottle of plum wine. So that means we should get shwasted and play DDR...I immediately cut this "friend" out of my life. I have absolutely no intentions of going down that path again. I never want to "get shwasted" ever again and to have someone who I called a "friend" even suggest that is no longer a friend of mine. I don't want to undo what will soon be three months of hard work. I don't want to go down the road of self-destruction as I did before...As much as it sucked to cut off communication with this former friend knowing I don't have someone trying to tempt me is a great feeling...Feeling good about this little victory! Thanks guys! I won't drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

I've cut people out. It's hard. They want to know why. Like explaining it is going to get through to them...Congratulations! It's a great feeling to be in charge of choices and direction.
[deleted]
I've cut so many people out of my life that I'm sure I have a reputation. It's worth it though. If you won't spend time with me without alcohol then you aren't worth spending time with. I have to look out for my health safety and my self worth before I will do something to make someone else feel better about their drinking habits.
I can relate to this. It's almost been a month and I couldn't have done it with some of the people I had in my life. I'm letting some back in but not in the same capacity. Oh and I got support and encouragement to cut some people out by my therapist because I had been dealing with guilt feelings. 
