-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55osti/100_days/

Well here I am 100 days sober!!! thats almost a third of a year! Never thought I would be saying that when I first checked in 100 days ago! I am so very grateful for all you sd ers out there. I havent really expressed my desire for sobriety to those around me as I figure big announcements can sometimes make those around me think ' oh how long for this time?' I have only just talked about it to my boyfriend who obviously has noticed I havent drank but doesnt question it as he doesnt drink himself.  I dont think he realises that yes alcohol played too big a part in my life as we dont live together but he does get the reasons why I want to be alcohol free health etc. I very often used a soft drink to disguise vodka when we were having a quiet night in together so he doesnt really know how much I drank but he is very pleased that I have stopped. Dont think he or any other of my closest people realise that it has to be teetotal as moderation definitely is harder for me. For all you new sd ers the thing to remember is that we are all different and will cope in different ways to each other. What works for me and my experience of the last 100 days will be vastly different from someone elses experience but everyone here is here to support you if the going gets tough. Whatever you go through there will be somebody who can relate to you on here and that makes all the difference between feeling like you are alone and feeling totally supported. I dont think I realised how much alcohol affects your brain wiring and that when you stop drinking it can be an emotional ride. For the 4 - 6 weeks I had absolutely no patience and could swing from one mood to another. It made it easier at the time to blame other people for pissing me off but I can see it for what it is now a bi product of addiction. It has passed now and I feel ' normal' now! We know there is everything to be gained and nothing to loose when we kick alcohol but still sometimes complacency may creep in and we may think we are now in control and able to go back to our old ways but we know there is only one way from there. So if you are just beginning your sobriety journey and you are struggling with things just remember sd and all the lovely people here are here for you just as they have been for me and with their help you can get through the tough bits so dont be afraid to ask them.
----------immediate responses--------

Nice work reaching 100 days!
Well done. That's awesome:-)
Woo Hoo!  Congratulations !..Tomorrow you're a beautiful Palindrome!
Thank you..I am pretty moody. You helped me alot. 100 days is soooo awesome!!!!
