-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55tgpv/time_to_get_honest/

I am my own worst enemy because I refuse to be honest about my drinking.  I have been attending AA but sneaking drinks as often as I can at home.  My partner who knows my problem found me drinking last night in the garage.  He is so furious with me. I am not sure if he will stay.  I have had as much as 8 months of sobriety with AA but the dishonesty and drinking have kept me away from attending meetings.  That's why I didn't know if AA was for me or not.  I have relapsed 4 times now while in AA.  I don't know if I can go back or not and pick up the 24 hour coin.  I am at work today and so upset and scared.  I love my man and don't know what I will do without him.  He is more anger with me for lying than drinking I think.  So once again I face the consequences of this poison alcohol.  I know I should not start any form of self-loathing but I hate myself for hurting him..
----------immediate responses--------

Don't hate yourself. Your addiction does not define you so don't let it! Your partner knows you are trying and are sorry he may be mad for a while but I think he will love you enough to work it out. It's a deep struggle but just know that you are only human and you fall just like everyone else. Just get back up and keep pushing forward. I will not drink with you today! 
This is my own mental exercise that I often use:..Acknowledge what happened...Analyze why it happened. ..Vow to do better/be better...Forgive myself...Move forward...I will not drink with you today my friend.
I was sneaking drinks at home too. I was so good at it but then I forgot that those that don't drink can smell alcohol on you so I wasn't as good as I thought. I think you can do this. just take it one day at a time. we are all here for you
Some say honesty is the principle behind step 1.  For me this not only meant being honest with the people in my life but also I have to be honest with myself.  I am an alcoholic.  There's nothing that will change that fact.  I cannot drink anymore.  Drinking will ruin me.  I can't do this alone.  
Have you got a sponsor and started working on the steps? They were really helpful to me and really spelled out exactly what I needed to work on to stay sober.
You can always go turn in a "wet one for a dry one"! What was it about AA before that seemed to not work for you? Did you have a sponsor? Feel a connection with anyone? Did you use SD last time? Let it go and start fresh. Not drinking with you tonight!
