-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55ugwj/im_tired_of_feeling_numb/

Longtime Lurker..After over ten years of daily binge drinking I don't know how much longer I can hang on.  ..I normally am a "top-up" drinker.  As soon as I can get away from any responsibilities that do not require a car I start a pattern of: wake drink to blackout maybe eat pass out for 4-5 hours and repeat.  I am up to almost a liter day then switch to beer on sunday so I can somewhat move on Monday morning...In the past 10 years I did manage to go to a really nice 28 day program sponsored by the military a few years ago and I think I made it about a week after discharge before relapse. ..I managed to make 24 hours this time then caved and had one last night (promptly throwing it up)...But I realized something walking through town to class.  I always feel numb.  When I am not drinking I feel numb to what my fiance needs and wants my family and friends.  Numb to all of my responsibilities...When I drink I am happy and engaged with conversation.  But I am numb from drinking to appreciate it...I am finishing school and joining my fiance in the new city we picked soon.  I don't want to be absent for this.  ..I don't know how long I will last but for today I am not going to drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I will not drink with you today this is a great board others go out so you don't have to.
I couldn't commit to an entire day when I first started. I went hour by hour. Eventually I could commit the entire day...I return here every day and commit to not drinking for the day. This very simple act has had a huge impact on me staying sober...Proud to be here with you my friend. I will not drink with you today!
What are you doing to ensure you don't drink today?
Hi I'm about to hit one month sober tomorrow (I will not drink with you today!) and I didn't feel the numbness so much while I was drinking but now every week I emerge more and more and it is so worth it!! Tiny moments like my husband playing with my niece would have been cute before but now a ray of joy shoots through me like THIS is what life is about! I don't know if it will do the same for you but realising how much time I spent numb without noticing it makes me very grateful I stopped when I did.
I won't drink with you today. I think I know the numb feeling that you describe. But I've also suffered from depression and anxiety for a long time so that feeling is almost always there a little bit. Drinking made it so much worse after awhile. A couple drinks helped me liven up and come out of my shell for awhile but not when I started drinking heavily. Good luck with your upcoming life changes!
I know that feeling of having a drink and feeling like youre on top of the world then the next day after you've crashed and burned you feel like shit and that feeling is what I want to avoid. its hard but you can do it and I will join you in not drinking today
Awesome-- I will not drink with you today!
Congrats on taking this step in the right direction. There sub is an amazing support group. Not sure if I have flair but I'm on day 4. We can so this we owe it to our future selves. Today I will not drink with you
Hey uhhh how did you go about getting that 28 day program while still in?  What was it like?..I'm asking not for a friend.
