-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/561j83/novelty_of_sobriety_is_wearing_off_close_to/

I can feel a relapse coming. In the beginning I didn't want anything to do with alcohol. It had caused so many problems in my life and I was miserable. Within the last week things have slowly shifted. The idea of drinking sounds more appealing and the negatives have faded with time. I'd like to open the discussion up by asking why you don't want alcohol in your life. Hopefully some of the reasons will ring true with me. Thanks...Edit: I always relapse at day 45 on the dot so what's going on isn't unusual..Edit 2: I've been having memory problems and read alcohol can damage the brain and cause memory problems. Completely lost the desire to drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

In my case after a period of not drinking I would say to myself "You know I feel pretty good -- a glass of wine with dinner sounds like just the thing." Then ALWAYS inevitably one glass leads to two which leads to a bottle which leads to heavy booze and I'm back swirling down the drain that I can't find myself out of.
1.) i look better.2.) i feel better.3.) i am better. a better person. a better parent. a better employee. .4.) i am a shit ton happier. .
My mental health is much more stable. I'm in better physical shape. I have more money and less debt. I've got 30000 words written for a book I started writing years ago but never made progress on when I was drinking. My creative life generally has been flourishing which is huge for me personally. I don't worry about DUI's. I don't have to deal with that little nagging voice in the back of my mind telling me that I'm slowly killing myself. ..I mean honestly the only downside to sobriety is sometimes I feel a little awkward at a party where everyone else is wasted. And that's less than nothing compared with the upsides...That said I get where you're coming from. Just remember where you were when you quit reflect on where you are now and imagine where you'll be as you continue in your sobriety.
I don't want alcohol in my life because it really fucked my shit up both physically and mentally. Sometimes I think a drink would be nice but there's nothing nice about it for me. Near the end every hangover felt like it was going to kill me I spent days hoping my heart wouldn't just give up or explode. I had become a cynical and depressed person who was just waiting to die. I don't feel those things anymore. I remind myself when I think "oh things are going pretty well now I should have a drink" that the biggest reason that things are going well for me is because I don't drink. I never want to go back to the person I was so for me that means not drinking no matter what.
Alcohol is poison with zero redeeming qualities. It makes everything in my life more challenging. FREEDOM = SOBRIETY...When I was at your stage around 42 days in I admit it was a struggle to rationalize it but for me I pounded through and 90+ days were MUCH easier. Hang in there.
I don't want alcohol in my life because it makes me an absentee parent and wife a rotten yogi a terrible employee and my liver literally will get angry with me. My sobriety has become precious to me. It took some time for me to get to feeling that way but I'm glad I  didn't succumb to those "tempting" thoughts early on.
Ah the novelty of 90 days sober 6 months sober 1-year sober ... and a full authentic life realizing my true potential.
Without alcohol I am both much closer to becoming the person I would like myself to be but also situations that show me things I could not imagine before. ..Practically this means I proudly finished my university degree but also got endorsed by my professors. Thinking back of hung over me in class seems like a nightmare that would ruin everything. "Why are you always so late and tired?" a classmate asked me...Then again it never came for free but it means a constant (albeit not always dramatic) fight against my warped perception of other people's opinions how they perceive me and so on. In fact two years of sobriety were enough time to meet all kinds of old and new characters many of whom I would be afraid to face with my new found superpower. "Did something bad happen to you?" every single person seems to ask. I often say no it's many small bad things that make things difficult...Glad you asked for support and keep going strong if I made it you can do it too.
I have a happy productive satisfying life. Why would I want alcohol?
- I sleep significantly better..- It's easier to lose weight and stay fit..- My skin looks better..- I'm always in control of myself ..- I can focus on actually enjoying events; I'm not constantly focused on whether I can/should drink or when I can drink next..- No guilt..- Fewer health concerns..For me I can't use the argument that "every time I drink it's a bad time and I can't stop" because it's not. I can have a great night drinking if fact I'm *likely* to have a great night drinking. Trouble is maybe one in every ten times I'll do something dangerous or inappropriate and eventually that will catch up to me. I can't keep living with those odds. One in ten times is too many. It's just not worth the risk for me and if I just don't drink then I just don't have to worry about it. 
I'd rather deal with problems instead of being the source of them. I don't need extra guilt or shame or hopelessness in my life. I don't want to lie to myself that alcohol is making anything more fun or more relaxed or more me.
I've relapsed quite a few times over the last 20 years I've been sober 4 years this last time around. I feel like what made it stick this time is that 1) i kept ending up in the same shitty place and I finally accepted that and 2) it was more about the positives that I had as a result of not drinking than avoiding negatives. Like I actually learned how to socialize and when I got comfortable and could be myself it turns out that people like me!! And I could not climb mountains or race bikes if I was still drinking I need every ounce of energy and focus. And I guess that gets to 3) I found something to channel that addict energy towards. I have WAY more fun now. Racing is so much better than drinking. And I can't have both. If you require novelty then chase it with things besides alcohol if alcohol fucks up your life. At some point you have to make the commitment and push through the bad times. I made a commitment to climbing and racing not necessarily to not drinking if that makes sense. It was a mental shift that really made a difference for me. Stick with it!
I know the feeling and am the same boat. This time we are both going to power through. You've got this!
[deleted]
I had really strong cravings from day 40-50 then they subsided. For me AA and meditation have helped tremendously.
Drinking was really only fun for about 20 minutes to an hour. After than the warmness of it wore off. I am sleeping better. No more headaches. I am present with my kids. I am feeling my feelings and learning to stay calm with them. 
Day 45 is hard. I remember white knuckling it from 30 to 60 and even somewhat after that. But it gets easier every single day. ..I found that I had to treat my underlying emotional issues - just abstaining from drinking was not enough. Once I did the cravings to drink subsided because now I had other ways to deal with life. That may or may not be relevant to you. ..Drinking made me:.- incredibly messy to the point where I stopped cleaning my apt.- suicidal.- isolated from friends.- selfish and literally only cared about drinking everything/everyone else could go to hell.- yell at my partner and break up repeatedly over stupid shit.- grumpy and sad and bitchy and just plain awful to be around .- completely not care about my future goals because I'd have to be relatively sober to accomplish them and well fuck that. .- i would never talk or laugh or enjoy anything because I was counting the minutes until I could be alone in my apt again getting drunk. ..I know that "just one drink" is a lie. I don't want one drink and I never did. I want the whole fifth of whiskey and that's why I know I can't entertain relapse thoughts. 
I've been there.  Before my last extended relapse a sober friend said that maybe I hadn't lost enough yet.  Then during that run I almost died multiple times - including once being rushed out of detox and into the ER (which I then left to go back to drinking once I was stable instead of going back to detox)...I would encourage you not to try that.
&gt;why you don't want alcohol in your life...Because I either drink too much or think about drinking too much. It is too much mental work to try moderate and I don't even like drinking in moderation anyways...
Alcohol was compromising my life. I could go on in all the specific ways but at the core it is really that simple. 
I work hard at building a good life and a good legacy. But when I drink I risk tearing all that down. I even risk my own life. I don't want to do that anymore.
What keeps me from drinking is that I don't wanna end up in prison as the result of a blackout. I don't want to try for the next 8 years to put some sober time together like this again. It was really hard getting to 922 days and truthfully if I started now I would probably die long before ever having anywhere even remotely close to 922 days ever again. Alcohol ruins everything that I enjoy and I just don't have the strength to live through another drinking episode. Thank you this really helped me out tonight. Don't drink it's not worth it. Peace and good vibes.
Thanks for posting this. I had a tense night and the whispering beast was strong. All these thoughts helped beat back the pathetic rationalizations. I am happier healthier calmer more productive more creative and happier sober. Did I mention that I'm happier? In weak moments I seem to forget that.  
Because when I drink I have this bad habit of sitting and watching while everything I care about goes down the drain. ..I've also been feeling close to relapse lately. Let's get through this together.
That's awesome. Thank you for sharing. Fighting the urge requires a ton of effort. You're right it can be done.
It does require that kind of urgency. Thank you for sharing. All the best!
