-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5630l1/how_do_you_deal_with_anxiety_without_alcohol/

To preface this I would not classify myself as an extraordinary heavy drinker but I do have a problem with drinking. I have 3 beers every day and while it's doesn't affect me socially it does bother me that I have become addicted to nightly beers...That said I have been struggling for almost a year to curb my drinking but just can't. I have an extremely demanding job and several extra duties which mean that I'm "on" from 5am to 8pm. I also suffer from anxiety. Beer helps me to relax and calm down during my evening studies enough to sleep each night. The only other thing that does the same is Valium. I don't drink anything on days I take it but I know it's even more addictive than alcohol so I don't take it very often. ..For those of you who also deal with stress and anxiety how do you keep yourself from drinking? I have tried exercise and to engage myself in hobbies but I just get more anxious about how I could be spending that time working. Part of me is tempted to do a 3 or 4 day fast to reset my drinking habits but I'm not sure that would do anything. Any advice is appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate a lot to your post. I found that drinking every night was causing my anxiety. Now that I stopped my anxiety gets better ever day. For the first week my anxiety was obviously worse while I dealt with withdrawals but all downhill from there. I also do yoga and run a lot. I have a demanding job as well so I'll do deep breathing exercises in the office when I'm feeling a little stressed. Good luck!
I've been using Acceptance and Commitment Therapy for my anxiety. It really works for me!
I have dealt with anxiety for 20ish years and I can say with full confidence that daily drinking made it SO much worse than it helped. Quitting has improved it immeasurably. Maybe try to find some exercise routine that is fairly high intensity but short duration something that engages you enough that your mind isn't wandering back to work. Some kind of sport or something?
When I feel that wave of stress/anxiety coming on and I don't have a lot time depending on where I am I do one or more of the following..1) Take 5 slow deep breaths .2) Walk for 10-15 minutes.3) Take a hot shower 
