-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/563nb2/im_so_embarrassed/

Well I fucked up drank 5 beers at my dads and a swig of my girlfriend's wine. Then came home and took a swig out of the bottle of tequila. What is wrong with me? My girlfriend was so proud I had made it a week without drinking she said I deserved a beer...1 beer turned into 5 and so on and so forth. I'm so ashamed. I struggled taking that first sip of beer and then after that first sip it was easy breezy from there. Starting over now.
----------immediate responses--------

Try and not beat yourself up too much you still managed seven days and that's something to be proud of. I too struggled with "deserving" a drink for not drinking but that was a little bit silly :) good of you to check in and get back into it. 
Like Delayedgrad said 7 days is still something to be proud of.  Welcome back good to see ya. :)
welcome back! starting over is totally ok. big hug.
Best of luck! Hope you had a chat with your dad and girlfriend about refraining from offering you drinks lol
7 days is good! Try beating it this time. Your girlfriend may not realize the severity of your drinking problem and I say this because I once was that girlfriend. I'd feel proud of my bf for not drinking and yet also feel kind of bad for him so I'd feel the need to "reward" him for being strong. Sounds ridiculous in hindsight. Good luck! 
Nope nope nope nope... that first sip will do it every time. It has happened to me all too regularly. Hopefully not again. Welcome back. I won't drink with you today. 
First off congrats on the 7 days. Every day sober is an accomplishment! Second don't beat yourself up. Each time I have relapsed I have learned something that helped me remember why alcohol and I don't mix. One thought about "rewarding" with alcohol - it's not a reward it's a punishment. That's why I'm here. Alcohol doesn't help me or make things better. That's one of the lessons I've learned in this journey. Keep at it. I will not drink with you today!
