-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/565ey4/i_got_something_to_say_to_you_sd/

I am so very proud of you. *Every single one of you.*..Yesterday I spent some time reading my post history. This isn't my first account here so it doesn't span back to the beginning of my journey so I wasn't expecting to see much of anything I didn't recall well. But what I stumbled on made me very happy. ..The comments are where the magic was. Yes the encouragement and yada yada but the users and their *badges*. A comment 9 months ago with a badge showing yesterday at 14 days or 6 months ago showing 90 days. Sure there were some deleted (  ) and there were some with high numbers but I haven't seen around in my now limited visitation to the sub. But you fuckers you're a tenacious bunch. You are fighting for your lives and you get beat down and you come right back up swinging. My heart swelled up that there are **so many**. I thought of sending some PMs just to tell you each that I see your struggle and your determination and that I'm proud of you but ya know I gotta work and stuff. I don't have that many hours  ..I love you guys. Keep doing what you're doing.  It's worth all the blood sweat and tears you're investing. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm pretty new here and was reading through some old threads the other day when I noticed the same thing. To be honest it gave me loads of hope. People slip things happen it's not the end of the world so long as you get up and try again. It felt like it took some pressure off me to be perfect. 
Thank you so very much for this post. Brightened my day and gave me hope and motivation to fight the good fight another day. Love you too my friend &lt;3
Right on. Tenacious bunch we have here. Keep on keeping on r/SD. One day at a time.
Oh man I might have been one of those "deleted"s. I remember when I was first trying to give it a go again under a previous account I saw your comments a lot and remember our badges were pretty close. When I came back with this account I was very happy to see your familiar name and that you were still around :) ..Thanks for posting you are truly an inspiration to me. Love you back &lt;3
Right back at ya! 
Be sure you include yourself in that Duckle.  I only had to go to my second post to find my first comment from you!
[removed]
        
Thank you for this I am so very proud of you!
Progress not perfection! :) ..I'm sad so many of us need the research but I'm grateful that we know where to come when the research knocks us back on our asses. Thanks for the wisdom and love!
One of my single favorite things is reading a comment I would make from someone with a badge with smaller numbers. It does two things: reminds me I don't know nearly enough and am not the wisdom dispensing PEZ machine I think I am and reminds me that people with far less active time with me are learning digging and fighting harder than I am right now. ..Puts me in my place and I love it. 
That's sweet! I just re-set my badge AGAIN.  You are correct we are a tenacious bunch. 
Thanks for your kind and encouraging post.:-)
Thanks duckle. Glad to be here with you.
Kisses. 
This sub is so great.  The support and understanding is pretty much unmatched by anything else I have seen on reddit.  
Sup check this comment out in 9 months and it'll say 376 days
Thanks DB. We love you too. Congratulations on 420 days. I trip out on the badges and numbers too and it's absolutely worth it. 
I'm getting so close to 30 days!!! My goal was to get from Oct 9 to Thanksgiving. However I'm not celebrating any holidays this year due to a personal reason. Anyway. The past 26 days has FLOWN by. Also in 6 hours I will actually be at 27 days with no alcohol. Yay me!
Awww duckle yer so sweet. I agree it's very encouraging to see everyone at it. Sending a virtual hug!
I didn't join reddit until about my 23rd day or so. Took me a while here to realize that some of the badge numbers I was looking at had been reset at some prior time. It was then that I gained some understanding of the nature of the battle that I had taken on. F the zero. One day at a time.
:-D
"You're fighting for your lives..." ..This line really hit me and motivated me...I hadn't thought about this perspective I felt I was just dragging myself out of a hole. But actually yes yes I am! I am fighting for my life back. And with that in mind I will keep swinging! ..I will not drink today. I will be clawing back every inch of positivity in my life instead. ..Thank you. 
Congrats on 420 duckle and thanks for your beautiful words! It's SDers like you that keep this tenacious bunch of fuckers going lmao ;) xo
What a terrific upbeat post! .I'm sure you brought a smile to lots of folk's faces today with that kind of positive encouragement..I know you did mine!.
[deleted]
