-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56a8lb/the_ventomatic_3000_for_friday_october_7_2016/

**The Vent-o-Matic 3000 is back by popular demand!** It slices and dices all your worries away. But wait--there's more! It's been scientifically proven to help you stay sober and has been named the #1 solution from the National Complaining Society. Act now and get in on the action before it's too late! ..___...Have you ever been so annoyed at someone or something in your life related to your sobriety that you just want to explode yelling to get it out of your system?!? Sure ya have. That's life. ..So here's the fun part. If anyone is having a tough time right now or even this weekend post here and get it off your chest! (this is meant to be kept in a general complainy spirit) *If you're unsure what to vent about [click here to check out the original post for some ideas!](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4lm6uk/stratyturds_ventomatic_3000/#header)..___.Mine's not a vent. ..I wanted to say how amazingly proud I am to be a part of this community. You guys and gals are doing something incredible by sharing your struggles triumphs victories and defeats in this journey that we're all on *together.* ..Last weekend on holiday I was checking in whenever I felt like I needed to get a little SD love. You all were there for me with supportive comments as I sat in the airport during my first sober flight and it made the first leg of the trip that much easier. Hung out in the IRC at night to keep up with all my sober chat peeps. ..I am so proud of all of us. I've found an amazing talented multi-faceted group of people that I consider friends here. You guys are my family. Keep on kicking ass out there. Have a wonderful Friday everyone :) [\o/](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IX1_civ9WMY) 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd like to have a word with myself if that's alright. I was supposed to be celebrating a week free from booze this morning but instead I'm nursing the mother of all hangovers. There was no reason I'd had a decent day. I just got a serious case of the fuck its last night and that was enough. I told myself it would be just one but you all know how that story ends. ..Was it worth it? No. I'm so mad at myself. I'll forgive myself and move on shortly but right now I'm just fucking pissed off. 
Having issues with my partner and bad p.m.s but not giving up after 32 days! I just want to scream at the moment tho!
I suppose you demons have returned.  You are a bunch of assholes.  You leave me alone for about two months for the most part.......AGAIN!  You tease me then come back stronger than ever.  Even though I accept my life is better without you and I have surrendered you still badger me.  I waved the white flag assholes!  Did you not see?  Did you ignore it?  I think you just like to kill and torture people even after they have stopped fighting.  You will not keep me from picking up my 60 day chip!  "Go ahead Jet you can get drunk for a month or two and get serious again when the shit starts spiraling."  Listen to the shitty advice you are giving me demon!  You call this good advice?  You are really pissing me off right now!  My life is stable and the consequences are not worth the 1-2 hours of the manic buzz that only ends with depression anxiety guilt weakness lack of confidence.......etc.   Go give your line of bullshit to someone else.  I have been here before.  You have antagonized me until I started fighting again because you know that you will win.  Not this time.  I will not give you the satisfaction TODAY!  I know you will grow weary at some point and retreat from your attacks if I remain vigilant.  I also know that you will return at some point and we will have to have this same conversation.  Go screw yourself alcohol.  I am not fighting TODAY!
Husband! Stop drinking. You're killing yourself scaring your dogs. I feel threatened and worried. My peace of mind isn't so peaceful. I know you have a sober in you. I hope you finally get it.
My co worker as in a pretty serious train crash a few days ago (hoboken nj) and he's out of work for awhiiile as he heals up. I'm glad he's okay really but I've had to take on his work load on top of mine and I. fucking. hate Goya his client. I hate them. I HATE THEM! I swear I'll never buy a goya product as long as I live.  ..They have this wildly outdated terrible site that I have to update with new 'features' every couple weeks. thanksgiving fall christmas so on and so forth. and its always the same fucking shitty recipes with beans rice and whatever else. I hate beans. The worst of it is though my project manager who's really kind of an asshole isn't in today. The feature's due today. and he's like 'oh well just send it out end of day so by the time they react to what you've sent I'll be back." and that just sounds *alarmingly* like 'well send it out unfinished under your name while I'm not there and Monday I can say I dunno why you sent it unfinished because I wasn't there to tell you otherwise'".  And there's no way I'm going to finish it all either. English desktop Spanish desktop and Mobile??? three sites. three shitty sites. ..And there'll be things they throw back. Their site looks so much the fucking same page to page its easy to miss things. he was supposed to add recipes in he hasn't so I'll have to do that too. sigh. at least it's friday. and AND my yarn is coming in today and I'm going to make this [this](http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/rhiannon-6) and that gorgeous gold.  ..just gotta get through today then it's large mug of tea - yarn swatching - cats at my feet. just. gotta. get. through. today.  ..and fuck Goya.
There is someone at school I cannot bear. Can't stand. Now it looks like we're going to Japan together on a school trip. She's looking forward to good food and wine. I don't know her well enough or like her at all so don't want to share any part of my life with her (including my sobriety). Yucko. What a shit sandwich. 
Who promoted my boss? He is so incompetent! Yesterday he told me I shouldn't be using excel because it creates additional work! WHAT!? 5 days in and my emotions are on over drive.
I HATE MY JOB. It's what caused the stress that helped me turn my drinking from somewhat okay to very problematic. It was my choice of course but that was the turning point. I bought a business and I don't think being a business owner is for me and I don't know how to get out and I'm flat broke and stuck in a lease. I'm trying to learn to like it or at least to keep working my ass off until I find a way out. But I'm not drinking!
Hey SD! Mine's not a vent either (yay!). I just wanted to give a huge "welcome back" to u/stratyturd! I'm so glad you had a great trip and thank you for keeping us posted and checking in. You've given me confidence that traveling alone and sober is OK - I don't need to be drunk to go to an airport get on a plane or enjoy myself away from home. So thank you for showing me that it's possible and you're my friend and family too!!! :)..Big shout out to our lovely u/sfgirlmary for always helping out...woohoo!..Cue a lil' straty dance for our beautiful audience here.... ;) xo all
Just called my dad to say hi. He was sober for 25 years then after my mom died... Well he's hit the bottle pretty hard. It's been 4 years and it's hard. Sometimes it feelslike I lost both parents. Oh well. I won't drink today.
This is dumb but it annoys the hell out of me: if I remember to log out the communal computers used by others at the end of every single day because it's part of my job forgetting once or twice will not send the place into a nuclear meltdown nor does it mean we have to change what time I log them out because of said few times...Also this wouldn't be a problem in the first dang place consider it used to be YOUR job co-irker but I had to take over after you forgot ALL THE TIME then claimed it wasn't your job to do so (or that you weren't supposed to I don't remember). Which is bullshit because it was agreed upon by you and the other person who held my job before me and then YOU AND I agreed on it when I took over the position...It's now my job including this because of your bad memory/incompetence so BACK THE FUCK OFF AND LET ME DO MY JOB AND STOP TRYING TO BUT IN WITH "HELPFUL" SUGGESTIONS. YOU ARE THE OPPOSITE OF HELPFUL. ..Ahhhhh I feel better. This is the stuff that used to make me hurry to the liquor ASAP now I just vent and discuss with people who listen. Thanks!
Why can't you just accept I no longer drink?..Five times I had to refuse the other night and eventually you only backed down when I said you could get me one once I'd finished the drink I had. ..Thankfully I knew you were too pissed to remember what I'd said which saved me from having a groundhog moment.....Just because I don't want a beer bought by you does not mean I've disrespected you...
I had a cockroach killer guy this evening. He sprayed everything. I find dead roaches everywhere now. It's fucking GROSS. I find dead fuckers in my clothes in my room not to mention the kitchen...The smell is awful. I can feel this in my lungs. It's nasty. I want to go home. But I have no home. I want to hug someone. But I have no-one to hug. I must. not. give in. into self-pity.
I'm getting petty with this one - went to my first AA meeting and was looking forward to getting a chip to stick in my wallet as a physical reminder of my sobriety (and one that I would see if I got tempted) turns out they don't do chips. ):..AA was great though so there's that perk.
Tomorrow is my birthday what do I do?.......
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mjlM_RnsVE  This is how I feel about myself and alcohol..
I'm supposed to be a strong person yet I fail.  .
