-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56bvpz/what_an_alcoholic_looks_like/

I just finished binge-watching The Wire (yeah I know like 6 years too late) because I have to have something to do during my insane insomnia which I hope begins to subside soon. One of the main characters is an alcoholic and ever since I started getting sober 5 weeks ago (minus my idiotic relapse on Sunday) I've been noticing how prevalent and accepted drinking is in media. While most shows either glamorize it or over-dramatize it which annoys me to no end I thought The Wire did a pretty decent job of showing a glimpse of the reality of alcoholism self-delusion and the struggle with making the right choices...Some alcoholics might be glamorous party people. Some might be down-and-out homeless folks. Some might be angry violent drunks. But I think most of us are probably just boring humans with boring human problems and an inability to drink like "normal people. (I dislike that word/phrase but I can't think of any better way to describe it). ..So what does an alcoholic look like? Here it looks like a 32-year old woman who is a mom to an awesome little soon-to-be-5-year-old boy a wife a daughter a niece a cousin an aunt a sister a friend. I have a good-paying job a house dogs a cat a fish. I like to cook swim read eat be outdoors hike garden. I'm working on not letting alcohol define me or describe me so I'm rediscovering things I used to love and discovering new things to try...So sobernauts what does an alcoholic look like to you?..Here's to a sober Friday.
----------immediate responses--------

A 35 year old 6'2" big dude with a beard. Member of the community business owner man about town cyclist hiker camper big smile happy eyes. He's around here somewhere I'm trying to find him again :)
Mine looks similar. A 32 year old mom. Wife. I work from home live in a nice house in a beautiful area near the ocean. I have loving parents a sibling friends a husband and the most incredible 4 year old. ..Also. ..I drink before going out to dinner before I order 2 more drinks. I hide drinks in my closet. My purse. I wake up at 3 am every morning parched with a slight throb in my temple hating myself. ..But. ..2 weeks + sober and loving every minute of it. 
[deleted]
I really like your post.  Thanks for writing it and best of luck to you.
this 45 year old mom/accountant who used to come home and have a (big) vodka drink (or two) and then a bottle of wine (on any given monday/tuesday/wednesday etc.) and started drinking at noon on the weekends is smiling at your post. sober on girl.
[Jim Lahey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo9Ip9FHODo)..is the quintessential alcoholic to me. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm perhaps more like what one could expect an alcoholic to be. I have been a long time on disability because of my mental issues. I don't have much to do I spend most of my days alone at home. But I don't think you could tell any of that just looking at me I look like a normal female in her thirties. And I also do study at my own pace and I am an aspiring artist.
For me it's a fit 41-year-old woman who just bought her first house has a demanding job loves gardening lifting weights hiking cycling camping and animals. None of my friends would define me as an alcoholic but that no longer matters. They didn't see my nightly descent into oblivion. I am healthier emotionally and physically with more energy for myself and others. I will stay sober with you today!
A 36 year old woman.  Mother to a fifth grader.  Self employed/self taught doer of tasks others would rather pay someone else to do: cook baker tailor carpenter landscaper organizer painter and caretaker. ..She likes to dream in technicolor big and small.  She taught herself to play guitar to build things to take apart things and put them back together.  She likes numbers and math and bad weather and good weather.  She likes to read books to her daughter before bed.  ..She often found herself depressed anxious battling round after round of suicidal thinking.  She could easily drink a bottle of vodka each night or a case of beer or a few bottles of wine. She knew she would kill herself if she didn't stop drinking...So she stopped drinking again.  And I think this time she stopped for good.  
Almost 30 year old childless by choice wife teacher sister daughter. Sudden tea fanatic. Painter crafter writer. Excited to delve back into my creativity which went by the wayside while I prioritized drinking! 
A 21 year old female med student who goes to the gym and likes to cook and tries to hide my issues from everyone (quite successfully) 
A 47 yo business owner mother wife runner cyclist knitter supportive friend and fantastic cheerleader for all who matter to me. ..If I were to tell people I know I have this problem they would never believe me. 
I've been binge watching Justified set in Harlan County KY. KY is of course known for bourbon and the dumbass producers have most everyone drinking bourbon at all hours of the day. The good guys of course use top shelf stuff and a glass and are never drunk while the bad guys get plastered. Worse yet most panoramic outdoor scenes are obviously California foothills rather than Appalachia. I see all these flaws in the series when I'm not drinking. When I drank I allowed the show to "entertain" me. 
I know a successful senior manager with lots of staff. Party animal and a happy man employer and employees love him. Deep down sadness depression extreme anxiety and insomnia followed him every day and night. Came down to a major break point physical and mental no one can still believe he is alcoholic and every chance they offer him drinks and give him bottles of scotch as gifts. He knows he is called a functional alcoholic now and he knows people may never understand what kind of monster he is fighting with.
A 32-year-old outdoor adventurer who loves to hike backpack cook make jewelry and spend time with friends. She has a job where she is well respected and valued a nice apartment a car that still gets her around town and a loving family. No one believed her when said admitted she had a problem.
These sound like the most honest dating site profiles ever! Tragic how we can be so many wonderful things and be hiding so much pain and destruction from the world..34 year old woman here grad student nurse writer friend and daughter horror movie lover. Would drink IPA all day forever if I didn't have a dream of what life could be like without so much depression and regret. Things are looking up.
Hiya. Great post. I'm a fifty two year old female. Daughter sister home owner proud mother of two budgies Minnie and Cooper. I am a happy lady. Glad to be sober today and grateful to have found SD and all you lovely peeps:-)
Wow. We are all so normal!   This one is a mom of three two of whom are teenagers. She's in her mid forties. Has a successful career but is in transition. She finds that very stressful parenting very stressful her parents aging stressful and her failing marriage stressful. She loves to read hike run kayak and do yoga. Long time vegetarian and many friends who consider her to be very health conscious. 
A successful 28 year old woman wife and mother of a beautiful 11 month old baby boy.  I enjoy hiking biking painting playing with my son reading watching Netfix with my husband and I'm a "functional" alcohol for what ever that means.
24 year old math graduate student who is happy and outgoing has a wonderful wife and a big fluffy dog but wants to throw it all away so that he can drink a 6 pack every night and be overwhelmingly depressed...I managed to stay sober for over a month this summer before tricking myself back into "moderation."  I'm not falling for that one again.  Today is my first sober day of many to come!
43 year old Mom to three teenage boys married 20 years owns her own buisness.  Volunteer friend daughter...This person found herself drinking daily without even noticing it was happening.  Long time daily heavy smoker of marijuana.  I was in the "functional" stage when I quit but during my relapse I quickly became non-functional and required medical detox...Most of my friends and family (outside of my husband and kids) had no idea what.so.ever. that this was something I struggled with.
A 37 year old performer yogi and writer who enjoys dancing biking cooking roller skating and hiking. Has a successful career in advertising. Active in the community. Owns a house with her husband. Someone who forgot about all the things she loves in the name of a party. Someone who gets a lot of "I didn't even know you had a drinking problem!" Someone who's good at hiding her problems. Someone who's 27 days sober today!..PS- this thread is GIVING ME LIFE. 
28 year old heavily tattooed female. Bakes when stressed and anxious cooks when happy. Loves to read watch makeup tutorials on YouTube and binge watch Netflix. Former gym rat who was so enveloped in drinking that I gave it up but going back this weekend for the first time in months. ..Friend daughter and sister to people who have trouble believing that there is a problem because I hid it so well. I will not drink with you today!
Great post. Probably the most honest I've read on here. It doesn't destroy my life but it's something that nags at me constantly. And that heartache never is worth the trouble of my addiction. 
[deleted]
I thought the same thing about the Wire! It's as realistic a depiction of addictions as Hollywood could get I suppose!..I didn't realize there were so many women on SD! I think the media portrayal of an alcoholic tends to skew male too! But obviously it affects us ladies just as much!..I'm a 28-year-old woman in the beginning of my career working the nonprofit sector in a long-term relationship. I have two dogs. Applying to grad school. I like photography and hiking. 
Alcoholics look like most people just with more issues...Also if you're having trouble with insomnia I highly suggest checking in with a doctor. There are lots of solutions that a doctor can provide that don't require medication. I use a CPAP machine and hit the pillow like clockwork every night.
Outwardly I'm a 41 year old mother to the best 2 year old kid ever just finished a PhD runner writer skier. I love books and dogs farmer's markets and cooking and I'm a huge food and health snob... and you probably would never guess from my yuppie-Pacific-NW-yoga-mom appearance how much bottom shelf vodka I have sucked down in the last decade how totally broke I am how close I have come to losing everything... but not today! Today I am sober and super grateful to know that there are cool people out there going through similar things.
I just want to say you're all so adorable. ..Mine is 24 years old woman with short boyish haircut. She's a poet who just could ditch everything and go live in the mountains (that's her true home). That said she pursue the career in advertising in big city right now. ..And she has amazing capacity to empty everything available in the room. She drinks occasionally but hell it's intense when it happens. Sometimes she can't believe how it is possible she still lives as the amounts she had vacuumed were enough to kill some people. ..But she's here. Sober. Alive.
Great topic!..40 yr old mom to 3 kids fairly good wife (except that having sex With him is the last thing I want to do lately) trained as a midwife ran my kids private hippie-ish school for the last few years vegetarian bite my cuticles smoke socially loves to read used to drink and drunk in my mom-van at least once a week but never with my kids and was super productive when drunk at night at home-- maybe I was quelling my guilt but i would fold every piece of laundry do every dish make lunches and file papers until the wee hours with smoke breaks in between.
25-year-old. tall kennedy looking white guy. His hobbies are stocks options and real-estate. People know him as a friendly party guy. Behind closed doors he isolates himself from fear of relapsing because he has alot of friends and they are all normal drinkers. Seems like every girl he meets is a budding alcoholic. Past two girls he dated made him relapse. Secretly curses alcohol and wishes it was never discovered...Fuck this gay earth.
25 year old mother of a 9 month old stepmother to an 8 year old novice cook bread baker lover of art lover of hiking and lover of all people. My sponser tells I am a good person. I was a closet drinker (I literally drank in my closet) and seemed functional to most people. In my college years I would black out and wet myself. Im grateful I am here and sober.
36 year old professional women with lots of success in her field volunteers for various causes well-respected. Loves hiking camping big city exploring museums libraries food of all kinds. Has a tremendous boyfriend and a wonderful dog. .Three years ago would have been finishing up the art crawl early to go home drink alone and smoke cigarettes on my back porch and cry. Not any more and not ever again.
I have a friend who is beautiful funny smart witty etc.  And completely addicted to alcohol.  She gets the shakes if she goes too long without drinking. (Not sure how long that is as I've never been physically addicted like she is). ..She looks totally 'normal' - she's a stay at home mom dresses nice looks 'together'.  Totally not.  ..Another more distant friend is in his late 40s - drinks in the a.m. before going to work can't really hold a job anymore. He's been an alcoholic for about 30 years and until you know him well he looks like just another guy. The facade is starting to crack (keeps getting fired)  - alcohol will kill him if he doesn't quit drinking and I don't think that's on his agenda.  ..The old stereotype of the 'wino' drinking on a park bench (I've been friends with a few of those too) is so misleading and really serves to keep people ignorant of how prevalent problem drinking can be. ..Good for you on your 5 weeks! Love 'The Wire'. :) 
It looks like a 31-year-old girl who has a great job at a private K-8 school in Portland OR. She grew up in Missouri was engaged to a preacher's son until she realized she was a bit gay and then ran off to be a nanny and attend university in Germany. She loves books books books animals paddle boarding writing and Animal Crossing on the Wii. 
56 year old grandmother. No one (other than immediate family) knew for 25 years. Secret ashamed double-life. Church leader Girl Scout leader blood donor runner volunteer poet homeowner wife rock-n-roller dedicated employee motorcycle rider marksman. .Now at 4 years sober: volunteer celebrate recovery leader retired runner homeowner wife granny of 3 boys marksman teacher encourager thrilled to be ALIVE strong and healthy!..
Why is this idea so empowering?! I'm a 30 year old full-time graduate student with a full-time job in the art museum field. Don't like to define myself as an alcoholic or an addict but can't cope with substances nonetheless. Former major clinical depressive formerly suicidal former zoloft user former painkiller abuser and currently free of all medications. Glad to be able to support my family and friends now that I'm sober plus am 15 pounds lighter after nearly six months of sobriety. Never thought giving up alcohol would bring so much joy into my life so easily so effortlessly.
I thought i would add my mother-- still an active alcoholic in complete denial..A 68 yr old marriage and family therapist who has a certificate in substance abuse (lol). Former massage therapist single mom to 2 adult daughters now a grandmother to 3 loves to take walks and do yoga but seems to always have bruises that are explained as "I tripped over my suitcase last night and fell into the heater- - isn't that crazy?!?" She's an aging hippie who says she doesn't want to be in a nursing home in the end and instead that my sister and I should trek her ass up the Himalayas and then give her a big push. ..We come in all shapes and sizes don't we?
[deleted]
31 year old mother of two. Married to a teacher. Full time student about to graduate with a degree in middle school education Science and English. Writer of unpublished novels. I love mountains and hiking though at the moment I'm not in the best shape. But I've just joined weight watchers again and I'm hoping that a year from now I'll be able to run through the mountains again...My husband drank rather heavily when we met. I had barely ever drank at all then. That was eight years ago. Slowly but surely as I drank with him the habit became mine too. And then we were both drinking every night and it wasn't beer anymore... or wine... it was shots of bourbon. Night sweats. Constant hang overs...I go to bed at a more reasonable hour now. And when the kids wake me up in the morning I won't let them have the TV as a babysitter. It's getting better...
A 41 year old heavily tattooed father to a six year old girl a husband to a patient understanding wife and a son to two recovering alcoholics. A profesional tattoo artist of 16 years and a painter and poet. A guy who used to drink a fifth of bourbon every night.  Someone who is over two years sober and never wants to go back to a life of merely existing to drink and hoping I could die without having to enduring the pain of suicide. A dude who is at times of rest is completely content and sometimes really damn happy. Time is too fricking short to live in the bottom of a bottle.
27 year old female here - I'm divorced and dating work full time while attending grad school full time. I live at home so I can save money and pay off my debts more easily which is much faster now that I don't spend $30+ a night going out to drink. No kids or pets but I do hope to get a hedgehog or guinea pig someday soon. I also enjoy running cycling and weight lifting. Pretty normal I guess!
37 year old wife sister daughter mom of rescue dogs multiple graduate degrees.  Likes to read cook travel.  Has had an interesting and challenging career - all while sucking down at least a bottle of wine most nights.  I thought I was pretty functional but as I've been getting more and more sober streaks under my belt lately I'm wondering if that was really the case...
A brilliant 30 year old man with a nice body healthy look and an amazing actor and singer. He is the love of my life and the kindest most empathetic person I know. But he struggles and nobody knows.
