-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56cayt/sober_dating_some_motivation/

I'm about 9 months sober and in the process of maintaining that got my shit together enough to move to a new city. I had no idea how to meet people without drinking much less date them but I recently met a girl who didn't flinch at the idea of a night time coffee date...She drinks. She isn't an alcoholic but like most drinkers in their early 20's she is used to dates revolving around drinking. I was afraid I was being a bummer and preventing her from having fun. The other morning she woke me up by saying "I like that when I wake up next to you you're the exact same person I went to bed with."..It's nice to know that even though she doesn't know the extent of what a mess I was she notices and appreciates what I've become: consistent reliable and safe. It was a very validating reminder of why I don't drink and I figured other alcoholics who date drinkers might like hearing it too. We have a hell of a lot to offer even to people who don't share our struggle.
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds really nice :) I'm glad things are going well for you. I haven't been dating much lately but I hope that when I'm further along in my sobriety I can find someone who appreciates what I'm working for. Good luck with everything this was motivating to read
Aw that must have been very nice to hear! Thank you for sharing.
Thank you for sharing it means the world to me.
man thank you so much for sharing that. i'm in my early 20's as well so i can really relate to the whole not knowing how to meet or date people without drinking. this really brightened my day. 
That's great to hear I'm really happy for you!
This is great to read. I hope all goes well for you!
This is what I needed to hear today. Every time I tell a girl I don't drink she stops the conversation. It's hard eating sober but I'm willing to work at finding someone who appreciates my decision. 
Being able to do all of that especially with a new person is like the pinnacle of confidence in my opinion. Being a sober roller is the way forward 
Reliable is a beautiful thing to be. We can count on ourselves just as much as others can count on us
Beautiful! Good for you man.
this is so sweet! I just AWED out loud.
Wonderful.
