-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56cwmt/it_never_changes/

When I first came to this place about a year ago I was blown away by what I read here. The stories. The trials. The people. All of it...I binge read so much...And I've noticed something...It never changes...I can go away for a week a month whatever and when I come back it's all the same stuff. People on Day 1. People who hit a new bottom. People 'testing' their sobriety with some passing and some failing...And the badge reset posts. Again and again and again...And it never changes...I used to find this discouraging. But not anymore...You see it can be easy to distance ourselves from what we have done. It can be easy to start to think "Maybe I'm different. Maybe I can be the ONE that moderates. Maybe I've learned my lesson."..But for a lot of us.....we can't. Or won't. Or both...It never changes...My relationship with alcohol may have changed but what it will do to me if I let it back in my life hasn't. And guess what? It won't...So now I find encouragement in coming here and seeing the same  stories just different user names...It never changes. This fight won't ever change. This disease/disorder/allergy/affliction or whatever else you may call it doesn't change. ..I can't change what happens when I drink. Or I won't change. I'm not sure which it is or if it even matters...Alcohol will never be good for me. I will always struggle with this issue...It never changes...I don't really have a point here except to say that as long as I can see that the struggle is still very real in the hearts and minds of those here it helps me remember that even though I am not having a tough time right now the fight isn't over and it won't ever be.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this perspective. I really like your take on it. I hit kind of a wall of depression on this topic a few days ago...When I really started noticing how strikingly similar the feed stays. And I contribute to that. I did that very common "I'm desperate don't know what to do I need help" post...followed by "here's my story" followed by "I finally got a badge and am seeking help!" to "are these withdrawals" to "I FEEL AMAZING" to "struggling with the weekend" blah blah blah. And I got a little embarrassed that I followed such a rote path. And then wondered what it means that things don't seem to change a whole lot here.....But our roles change. Those people with high numbers deal with us with low numbers with endless patience and guidance and help. Posting the same links over and over giving the same suggestions over and over because they can WORK. And of course one of the linchpins of addiction is how alone we feel when we're in the darkest of it. We feel alone and ashamed there's no way anyone will understand or help we don't DESERVE help. Then with any luck we can claw our way back to the light but we NEED that help. We need guidance from those who've made it work...Thanks for this post. It's great.
let it remind you to be vigilant but also know not every day is a struggle. life is good :)
This is a wonderful perspective! Thank you so much for sharing. What I find amazing is that people of diverse sobriety times are able to support each other through rough times and Good Times.
You're so right.  It's why I continue to stay involved myself.  If I don't I be lapsin in no time.
&gt;same stories just different user names...That's something that inspires me I see a great tapestry of people all at different places in their sobriety. I see a flow of people today's day one can become tomorrow's day two and so on. Every day there are new arrivals people signing up for their first badge people de-lurking. Every single badge reset I see someone still fighting for sobriety that's hugely inspiring to me...So many stories at all stages I can relate to. In the struggles I'm reminded of where I was and reminded why it's important to me to keep stepping forwards. I'm reminded of insights and even now find new insights I stick around because I think I have so many years of faulty wiring laid down reading others' stories here helps me lay down better thoughts. I'm hugely grateful to everyone who shares what's going on for them right now...My fight was tough at first I vividly remember the compulsion the urges I remember living and coping sober being quite alien I remember struggling with overwhelming feelings. ..I put down my fight at around four months sober that's when I accepted deep down that sober is the best way to remain. I intend to remain sober as returning to drinking I think would reignite the fight and make things harder for me. Since that point my focus has been on living and enjoying my sober life as best I can I do have to manage my anxiety but on the whole I'm happier healthier more at peace. ..I intend to remain vigilant keep my lion in it's cage! For me I'm not in active battle anymore I visualise it like I have built a protective wall I have sentries on duty and I can avoid further battles as long as I don't allow the wall to be breached...Thanks for your post SoberApok - it's given me lots of food for thought for my cycle ride tomorrow!
So true. I've been on here every day of my badge number and the posts have quite a few similarities. It's comforting to know there's nothing new under the sun when it comes to alcoholism. Yet some of the posts and support resonate more than others giving me just what I needed to read at that moment. I love being part of this community!
Hey u/SoberApok this is a Great Post!..Indeed this dynamic and it's associated cycles are repetitive and enduring.  (Some of them not so much *endearing*)...The user names change but the story line repeats...But some do Make It!!..We need the community for the 1 in 10 the 1 in a 100 the 1 in 1000 that are successful...My brother was NOT successful...I miss him every day.
How cool is it that you'll be waking up to a beautiful big 3 in that shiny star?? I've watched you work very diligently at this - congratulations you should be proud!
&gt;And it never changes...but I do. I now understand the posts more..
Great reflection. I'll raise a glass to it and pour it out with you. 
Congrats on 90 days.  The struggle is real.  The stories here are raw and real and a constant reminder of what can happen.
