-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56m2bj/mortified/

I am completely embarrassed and mortified. On Friday I wrote a post here about my struggle with quitting drinking and relapsing. I am grateful for every one of your very thoughtful and compassionate responses and for everything else I have read here. I was feeling much better and stronger on Saturday. But by evening my withdrawal anxiety escalated to such a degree that even with all the experience I have with waiting that anxiety out I got desperate to feel anything else and finished a box of wine leftover from my birthday (fuck you box wine and your deceptively massive capacity hidden in a little box). It was supposed to be a glass but it was probably more like 1.5-2 bottles...So this morning is another Day 1 (another! again!) that should be a Day 3. All I want is to slink away and hide with my self-loathing. But I am writing this out of a sense of honesty to the people here to be accountable. I am also writing this because a thoughtful person wrote a response to my first post that gave this feeling of hope saying that they too had relapsed many many times but that eventually it just stuck...I am an atheist but this morning I am praying - to the ghost of my grandma who died of drinking while begging for a drink to the kindly souls of dogs to the tree spirits I sometimes imagine my daughter can see to the dear little gods of everyday things   please please let this stick. ..Thank you for reading. I will not drink today..
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are back on SD and sorry for the shitty feelings you are having. I will not drink with you today my friend! 
I feel you. So hard. I am begging the universe and myself to make this my last day one. Not drinking with you today.
I have been drinking for 3 days and having cold shivers and am wondering how I will manage another turkey dinner tonight. Keep your strength I will do my best not to drink with you today. All day every day those are my only thoughts I hate you bottle you don't own me.
I had many relapses. Eventually I began to learn from them. All of those relapses brought me a little closer to where I am today...Don't ever quit trying...I will not drink with you today my friend.
In my adult life I've been through days 1 3 and 7 what feels like hundreds of times I've made it to day 18 (now) twice and day 88 once. I learned that I can't have any alcohol in the house. None. Part of my last binge was drinking the sherry I had for cooking. SD has been immensely helpful to me in terms of accountability. This time I got a badge I got rid of all the alcohol in the house and have been posting and reading on here multiple times a day   and it's working! We're here for you and cheering you on! 
&gt;Thank you for reading...Thank *you* for sharing and more importantly for coming back and having another Day 1 rather than just giving up on yourself. Keep at it! I will not drink with you today.
I will not drink today either. I am here for you and I really think this community is amazing. I just found it. Today is another Day 1 for me. 
I could not rely on my addicted mind alone to solve my addiction over the long term. Finally I turned outward for help and that made all the difference.
I hear you. We must forgive ourselves and move forward. I will not drink with you today. 
You do not have to end up like your grandma.
[removed]
I have been there more times than I'd like to remember.  I have reset my badge probably at least 15 times and have had many more day 1s - so you aren't alone there.   Wine is my drink of choice also and I don't keep it in the house at all - my husband drinks beer so that doesn't tempt me.   ..Since I am a chronic relapser - but stubborn as fuck (I will not give up!!!) I also keep a habit tracker on my phone which tracks which days I've been sober each month - it helps me from descending into complete hopelessness when I have a new Day 1 because I can see that I've gone from daily drinking to 5 times a month etc. while not ideal is a massive improvement. .Take care.  You can do this!
One of the thing I like best about this community is that we are kind to one another because we all suffer from the same disease.  Each of us is at a different stage in the process.  The dinosaurs here have walked in these steps for years. Those of us struggling with the early stages are safe from criticism here.  Those in the stable stages of sobriety give us hope.  There is no need to beat yourself up here.  You're simply welcomed back with operations arms by a group who understands.
SD only got me so far.  I finally sought out IRL support. Accountability on the Internet while being anonymous was not enough for me.  Having to look people in the eye made a difference.  It is nice to glean knowledge and support from people who understand what I am going through.
I'm glad you're here and posting. All of us have felt the self-loathing so you don't have to hide. We accept it and you. I will not drink with you today.
I don't know who you are but I love you. Hang in there. You are a good person with a little curable illness. I truly feel connected to you. I'm sober..not drunk texting. I hate that box of wine. If I could I'd kick the shit out of it for you. 
A lot of people are proud of even one sober day. Dont give up:)
I have been addicted to many things and it has always been a struggle for me to break free. The first two weeks have always been the hardest for me. I just have to forget about the drug/substance/activity and push through. I wish there was something I could say that could help but I understand it's hard. You can do it though. It will get easier I promise.
I think boxed wine costumes are scarier than a scary clown
[deleted]
Just keep trying . Eventually you will see that having the one drink isn't going to be worth how you will feel the next day. For me  even one drink makes me feel crappy the next day. This weekend I went on a camping trip with some old friends and my new girlfriend. In the past I would've been hammered drunk the whole time . But because it was raining and so muddy  I knew that being hungover AND wet and muddy would be absolutely miserable. So even though at certain points I really wanted to drink  I didn't. Keep trying !!
I've relapsed so many times I'm not even sure if I could call them relapses. I'd say i just took short times off from drinking. ...I'm only starting my day 8 it's been quite hellish...but i'm already thankful for the money I've saved the people I haven't hurt the memories I CAN remember and the glimpse of hope that life will get better....Fighting through the anxiety the sweats the headache and the loneliness is the hardest part IMO...I've often tried so hard not to drink just to make it about 12hrs... and once the anxiety hit I'd say "hey lets have one beer just to ease the anxiety. But no more JUST to ease the anxiety like medicine." A pint of vodka and a six pack later...fuuuuu Apparently I love lying to myself. ..Anyways wish you the best. Try to stay strong don't beat yourself up. When you quit drinking you stop waiting.
There have been a number of great posts here! I am going to recommend AA (bear with me)...This morning I was reading an article in the Grapevine which is an AA publication. The entire issue this month is dedicated to "Atheist &amp; Agnostic Members." The first three articles I haven't finished the issue are about people who entered participated in and remained sober (and atheistic) with the help of AA...As an atheist myself I have been struggling with this issue. I have been surprised to find some of the best insights coming from within the program itself. And not just of the 'imagine your higher power is a rock' or 'fake it til you make it' variety...Don't get me wrong you'll hear lots about God and Praying. One man in a meeting i go to prefaces his comments with "I am sober today because of a loving God and his precious son who gave his life for us."..I get irritated but I get irritated when I drive too. I drive to get where I need to be. Most people at AA (not all) are trying to get sober...Just something to consider as a potential weapon in your arsenal...edit- emphasis
You came back and that is a positive. I will not drink with you tonight
For me relapses were part of the learning experience and after every relapse I became a little bit wiser.  Stay strong.
[deleted]
Forgive yourself and get straight back on the wagon. There is no point dwelling on it. You are stronger than you think. 
