-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56n7td/cant_wait_to_be_on_the_other_side_of_the_tunnel/

My head is still foggy from Friday's binge. I've been sitting alone revisiting my life now that I am aware that I have a drinking problem. And i realize it's been going on for years. ..I want to acknowledge it and move on but it's a dark and rainy day and I just can't seem to lift my spirits and can you fucking beleive there is a tiny little voice telling me...one beer will make you feel okay. Take the edge off. I had to lay down because the other option is pacing around in my apartment. Why am I pacing? I feel like a Sims character stuck in glitch in a room...the only way out is to the bar. Or the store. ..I'm going to my first AA meeting tonight at six. The universe is being so nice to me turns out they have meetings up the block from me. Don't clap for me yet they had one at 1130am. But I woke up at 10:55 and with the gloomy weather I talked myself out of it couldn't fathom showering and brushing my teeth and being around people and said reschedule for  6pm. Now it's 1:22pm and I'm telling myself y"ou should have gone it would have been over and you'd be one step closer to recovery to your first relapse" (I'mn kidding) .  Instead I've spent my morning smoking cigarretes and listening to the BiGBLubook app. And pacing in my apartment. With a ball of anxiety in my stomach...I feel jittery and my head is foggy for lack of a better word. I even feel scratchy like a fiend. Yesterday I had a shaky hands that really fucked me up. ..I have things to do today groceries have to go to my mothers.. But really can't pull myself together. If i dont do anything at all today it will be fine as long as I make it to that first meeting. ..
----------immediate responses--------

If anything helps me now be glad I made it through the first days it is that the anxiety subsided to a very large extent.  The booze only masked it and made it worse. Not drinking is the way for me to beat it...Good job. Hang in there.
The AA meeting just around the corner from me in Brooklyn saved my butt.   It may not be perfect but it's free and seemingly everywhere not that I noticed when staggering home... Good luck
If i dont do anything at all today it will be fine as long as I make it to that first meeting...I agree with this. So what if you don't get a lot else done today? You're making a huge change which requires a lot of bravery. I really hope you go tonight and I hope you come back and tell us if you do. 
Everything will be alright don't drink today and be sure and give yourself some time to breathe. Remember that even if you get nothing done today it's still a win if you don't drink. There's plenty of time still to get things done. You can do it!
I realized long ago I had a problem with alcohol but I kept drinking. And I'm at the same point as you in terms of my sobriety. I'm focusing on staying sober instead of focusing on the desire to drink... because it's the anticipation that my brain likes more than the actual drink. I won't drink with you today.
