-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56rvyk/sobriety_life_situation_struggles_and_request_for/

Hello....I feel I'm waking up after ten years or more sleep-living.  I am able to push through any cravings for the oblivion of alcohol as I know it's  below me as a solution to my problems. .That said waking up I feel horrified at the time I have squandered and the delusional way I've been living for too many years.  Frankly I'm feeling depressed.  I figured the rebounding health after a month off the sauce would make everything ok.  Clearly I need to do more than merely refrain from drinking to have a meaningful fulfilling life but I feel DREADFUL.  .This is compounded by feelings that my partner doesn't appreciate how challenging this change is.  I don't want to be all "oh me" and self disgust is self obsession (honey) but I seemingly can't help myself...Is this just another all too familiar phase of this process?  .I'd love to read some battle stories advice or whathaveyou..Regardless of the above this is the longest I've gone without alcohol in 17 years and it's in no small part thanks to this community so THANK YOU and GOOD LUCK! X
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your 38 days! That's huge! ..I've had some struggles with this as well. I'm 28 years old and I often look back at all the time I wasted in high school and college. Every week was just a hurdle to jump until I could go out and get drunk on the weekend. I think about the clubs I could have joined the interesting people I could have met with similar interests how much more I could have learned. What bothers me the most is that I squandered an opportunity that I was very fortunate to have in the first place--an opportunity that others would have taken advantage of...As I've started working on myself I've begun to deal with these feelings. I've been reading books that have helped me realize how our society is conditioned to accept this drinking culture. I've been meditating. I'm committed to working on myself and helping others. I realized that I can change. I can STILL meet interesting people and pursue my interests/passions. It's still something I'm working on but I can assure you I'm in a much better place than I was 7 months ago. 
I still have bouts of extreme sadness and dread. They are less often than they were in the beginning though. I think after so many years of heavy drinking it just is taking my brain and emotions some time to find their footing. ..I had unrealistic expectations I think. Like I thought that giving up booze would kind of fix everything. I've come to terms with the idea that sobriety is one piece of the puzzle and that I have to actively try to make my life better. I'm in the process of looking for a new job I'm doing some deep cleaning and donating stuff and I am looking for a group to volunteer with...I guess my overall plan is to slowly cleanse my life of things that make me unhappy and replace them with new sober friendly things that will give me purpose . ..I don't know if I've helped but I do understand. And I'll stay sober with you today!!
I think I can understand. I am in my fifties. The 2 things I use to help my psych are AA and meditation. AA helps because I get real in person support from people like me and I can help others as well. Meditation helps me understand and contain my emotions and compulsions. Hang in there it gets better!
For myself the waking up process was/is painful. It is all too easy to get bogged down in all of the regret shame and remorseful thinking...In order to move forward I had to learn how to forgive myself. It's not an easy thing to do. That shame and guilt was a very big part of a vicious cycle. To break the cycle I had to ditch the guilt...This is a Buddhist Prayer that I have used and continue to use in this endeavor:..If I have harmed any one in any way ..either knowingly or unknowingly ..through my own confusions ..I ask their forgiveness. ..If any one has harmed me in any way ..either knowingly or unknowingly ..through their own confusions ..I forgive them. ..And if there is a situation ..I am not yet ready to forgive ..I forgive myself for that. ..For all the ways that I harm myself ..negate doubt belittle myself ..judge or be unkind to myself ..through my own confusions ..I forgive myself.
38 Days vs 17 Years.....Give yourself some time and take it easy (honey). Rome wasn't built in a day. If you're having a shitty day have a shitty day! It's okay we had shitty days while drinking too. Life is a roller coaster even without adding getting over an alcohol addiction. Be gentle with yourself watch for negative self talk if you find yourself being hard on yourself ask yourself "Would I talk this way to a loved one?" and then try and change the thoughts...Nobody promised that you wouldn't feel dreadful on occasion that is part of life but you don't have to be drunk AND feel dreadful. You can cope with dreadful with a clear mind and without the hangover and depression that comes right after every single drunk...You can do it! Remember take it easy :)
I hear you. My SO doesn't seem to get it either. It's kind of driving a wedge between us...and sleepless nights and early mornings are often spent with bad thoughts racing through my head about the damage I've done to myself and relationships and life. and yes the wasted delusional time. ..But I've learned some CBT techniques to try to quiet those voices and steer them towards something more positive. I do some meditation or some other soothing quieting activity and those voices eventually go silent. At least for a bit...Have you considered going to a therapist for a little while? I've gone to several and almost always found them useful for navigating big changes.....Best of luck and I won't drink with you today!
Congrats on 38 days that's awesome!  I had to learn to give myself a break and take the time for some self-care.  I know AA isn't for everyone; but for me it really helps to be around a group of people who understand exactly what I'm going through and can help.  So even if AA isn't for you I hope you can find someone to share with having some sober buddies really made a world of difference to me.  Best of luck to you and keep up the good work.  You got this!
I came out of a 10-year fog feeling so guilt ridden about what my drinking had done to my family especially my children. My guilt was so overwhelming that it took months to be able to face even a little bit of it. I immediately got a sponsor who was so kind and wise; she understood my sense of self-loathing as she had experienced it herself. One of the first things she said to me when I was going through the difficult early days was "We have to look at the past to get to a better present then give up the hope of a better past." I loved that perspective. It enabled me to be realistic about what I could or couldn't do about the drunken years. I couldn't go back in time and change anything but I could learn to forgive myself. And the only way I could even begin to do that was to focus on just one day. Some days were/are awful dispiriting depressing but many more days now are serene even uplifting. I seem to have more life problems now (maybe because I'm aware of them instead of existing in a state of oblivion). It took some time to wake up...and in a sense I'm still waking up. I also love the Buddhist philosophy of truly being in the moment and thus being willing to endure both pain and joy as they come.
