-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56v2rv/i_know_im_using_alcohol_as_a_crutch_during_hard/

Hi all... I'm going through a ridiculously difficult time right now and I'm struggling to cope with the effect that I am drinking WAY more than I would like to be. Like literally all the shit is piling up; I moved to a different continent where my husband got a new job with the effect that I am stuck in g*ddamn suburbia by myself feeling lonely and claustrophobic and it looks like that marriage may actually be dying and with it all of our dreams; I am alone all day working to finish my damn PhD have about 6 months left before I can even start a new job; I am pretty sure I am clinically depressed at this point.....And I yearn for those drinks at the end of the night to just not THINK about all the crap around me. I know (know!) that I would probably be better off drinking less but I get home after being alone all day and all I can think of is escaping in front of the TV with a beer. And then I'm annoyed at being hung over and having gained weight and am more stressed out... cue vicious circle. ..I feel like I'm doing everything I can in this situation right now; I am seeing a therapist and the husband and I one together too I make sure to talk to friends or email often just applied for a part-time job to get out of the house I try to exercise a few times a week and am making myself eat as well as I can... ..Any advice at all for adding 'drinking less' to this? I kind of feel like an idiot because I know exactly what kind of escapism I'm engaging it but life without alcohol just seems very hard to bear at the moment.
----------immediate responses--------

My life is better now. I'm not saying I don't want to drink. I do. But the desire to drink exists even though it would make my life worse. Just saying it might actually get better if you give no drinking a shot for a while. 
I'm sorry that you are struggling right now...It would seem as though you have identified alcohol as a problem in your life amongst others...I expended a lot of energy trying to drink moderately. Each time without success. I eventually stopped trying to control that which I could not. And in doing so gained my freedom...Would you consider a thirty day challenge? Thirty days without drinking?..This would at least show you to what extent alcohol was contributing to your present difficulties...
I don't know what continent you're on but hey you're on a new one. Even suburbia in a new continent has got to be different from suburbia in you're old continent. Go outside and walk around. Take some pictures. Go to a barnes and noble or coffee shop or library with wifi and do your work there so you're out and not alone. 
Glad you're here!..I have compassion for your struggles...Lot's of things going on many changes pressures and uncertainty in your life...That would make me feel a little overwhelmed...I know two things certain for me:..I not discovered any situation alcohol doesn't make worse...Secondly Sober Me handles all situations better...Congratulations on your support system.  Something that helped min the early days was meetings and the support I got from those people.  ..Finally what's your PhD area?..
