-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56w3mo/need_some_support_going_through_breakup/

I just ended a approximately 1byesr relationship.  I was numb for most of yesterday when it happened but now the feeling of depression and loneliness is beginning to sink in.  I've got 4 months 24 days without a drop but right now I am struggling.  Anyone have experienced they think could help me get through this? I don't want to drink again but subconsciously it is such a force of habit at this point.  If it's relevant it was the end to a long doomed relationship where neither of us was willing to throw in the towel until yesterday when we both gave up.  I still haven't brought myself to go purge my phone computer corkboard social media and car of personal effects and painful reminders.  ..I've never been in AA but I could use a sober buddy right now.  It doesn't help that I don't have many friends in the area and live alone.  I'm really hurting right now but more terrifying is thst I find myself caring less and less about the achievement thst is my sobriety.  ...Thank you all in advanced
----------immediate responses--------

I dont want to reset the timer to zero 
I don't have any advice sorry &amp; not much to say except that I am very sorry you are going through this &amp; I hope you stay strong. I will be thinking of you today my friend! 
I just got here so I'm afraid I'll be the worse person to give advice. Just want you to know I'm thinking of you. Breakups suck. There's no feeling quite like it.  But in my experience drinking will not help it. Take care of yourself
You could pop into the chat if you want to hang out and talk to a bunch of awesome sober people that want to help :) ..[click here to join the chat](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/)  or check out the link in the sidebar for more info.
Honestly the WORST thing you could do right now is start drinking.... seriously. You might feel that it will destress you but I can guarantee that it will make you more anxious and when you wake up with a hangover you well feel ten times worse. These are the situations that make you feel human and you can deal with sober. It's normal to feel the way you're feeling after a breakup. Please stay strong and believe in yourself. 
I know it is cliche but "This too shall pass."..4 years ago on Oct 21st I had a breakup so bad that I lost my girlfriend my 'son' (her child from a one night stand I was raising) and my home (living with her) in one text...That resulted in a suicide attempt that left me with a 2 day gap in memory...That sucked...But now it is 4 years later and I am in SUCH a better happier place. I'm with someone much better for me and my life is 100 times better (though not perfect by ANY means)...This WILL PASS. Your sobriety is YOURS. I would think long and hard before I tossed it over another person.
I say you should either go a walk or a short run if you're up to it. Enough to get the blood circulating and a little bit of a sweat on. You'll soon feel the endorphins flowing and then when you get home have a nice shower eat WHATEVER you want and watch a movie... that's what I'd do ! 
I'm so sorry you're going through this break ups are painful. Trust that whatever you are going through now will only be worse if you drink. Your sobriety belongs to you you can do this! I won't drink with you today
Sending you positive energy....
Not sure this will help but like you my relationship has ended 3 weeks ago some days are bad some are good. One thing that I have found is I can fully focus on myself now! I watch lots of Netflix 2 get away from the over thinking about him. Like everything everything gets better with time. I can promise you drinking won't help just makes everything worse.  You will get through this &amp; so will I without the poison that just highlights it even more...Take a deep breath &amp; know you are not alone. ..I wont drink with you today.
[removed]
