-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56xak1/ive_made_it_a_week/

And I'm trying hard not to minimise it as an achievement for myself...I think it's because I haven't been drinking alone regularly in years and I reached the decision to stop drinking from a point of it being boring unhelpful and interfering with what I wanted to do. So hey what's a week when I could already do that?..My issue is that once I go out and have one drink I have a second - even when I don't want one. And if I'm out with heavy drinking friends I only stop when I need to get the train home. I didn't reach the point of needing a drink every night so I'm struggling to value day 7 of not drinking...So I'm focusing on the victories I did have this week. I told my boyfriend for one thing. I did focus on digestive health as the reason because I'm kinda ashamed that once I have one drink I will do anything to have a second and I don't want to admit that to him yet..We went to the supermarket and he picked up a bottle of wine. I said 'I won't have any of that' and he put it back as he'd thought I'd only been giving up beer (see digestive issues)..I took him to the pub as I felt bad that I'd done him out of the nice social side of things and I had a lemonade. And because of that we only had one before going home and having a healthy dinner...I think the biggest victory was saying I wouldn't have any of the wine. I really struggle with vocalising anything that has emotional links and right now I'm basically terrified of how I'm going to get through social events with friends and family who love to drink and see me as a drinker.
----------immediate responses--------

Worrying about how we will deal with social events is something I can relate to and im sure a lot of other people here have too...All I can say from my short experience so far is good friends and family will support you if you choose to be honest about it. .If I don't feel totally comfortable or its more a case of why get into it with this random person and risk causing some awkwardness then I have already said 2 different 'excuses'...I'm on a diet and cutting out all sugar and alcohol (well its technically true) and I have bad reflux and cant really drink without it causing bad heartburn and pain so it's not really worth it (sounds very sinilar to what you have said). ..Havent had anyone be weird about it so far and I've had a couple of work things with drinks to attend and 2 social gatherings in the last month...One mate made a bit of a joke and tried to offer me whisky with the coke I ordered but I just have him the finger in a friendly way. He didnt really care he was just being a dick. He didnt push it. ..Personally it was kind of nice watching people get drunk and not being one of them. I still had good conversations and enjoyed peoples company and I was glad I wasn't one of the ones doing silly things that I know they will remember and cringe at in the morning.  ..Edit: Forgot to say well done on a week!  It is a great achievement. Dont play it down its really great. ..Also everyone knows me as an 'enthusiastic drinker' too turns out they're all really glad im stopping since they were secretly kinda worried about my health. Go figure.
&gt;  I really struggle with vocalising anything that has emotional links and right now I'm basically terrified of how I'm going to get through social events with friends and family who love to drink and see me as a drinker...Me too...On the regular at home and even with friends it hasn't been too super hard but really all I have said is "I'm taking a break" or "I'm not drinking today." That helps me get through those...Still just a couple nights ago my wife asked if I wanted a glass of wine with her. She sees it as a temporary thing I'm doing kind of wonders why I don't just not drink sometimes even most of the time but still drink occasionally...With the holidays coming up I'm already thinking about them. Thanksgiving and it will be flowing and not even in a bad way where everyone gets trashed and there's a lot of trouble. Just really good wine available with really good food. It's so easy in that context and it has happened before that I have decided to abstain at those occasions beforehand and still had a drink anyway...It's not easy and I'm still hoping to find an answer.
Hiya. Congratulations on one week. Way to go:-)
Congrats one week 1  Social situations are my problem also. I will not drink with you tonight
