-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56xzgj/day_3_blank_mind_and_blank_slate/

Someone said yesterday "hey you won't have to do day 2 again" and how right they are. Just like emotions physical sensations related to substaining from alcohol wax and wane. I don't feel like I can jump out of bed but I feel I can and it isn't painful like yesterday. Maybe it will be again tomorrow or maybe it will be something else entirely different but this is today...I'm not riding high on some idea that not drinking is going to fix my life. But i do know that not drinking won't cause me further self inflicted problems. I'm trying to not go into a cycle of shame and guilt. I'm also trying to monitor how irritable I am both mentally and physically...I'm struggling today to be honest. Not because I want to drink. I feel sad...At a meeting last night someone said something that I only thought of when I woke up this morning. She said "most of the things we did when we drank aren't terrible otherwise you'd be in jail or still in jail and not in this meeting. They were stupid. They seem terrible because of how they make us feel."..Well I feel stupid and terrible. I've had legal issues and many close calls (terrible). I don't have friends or a job or a partner (stupid). Because of my drinking. All of these things could have happened for other reasons but I know I self-sabotaged. I know the role I've played in my life...I'm trying to get a job. I am well educated and thankfully can still pass a background check. I am trying to make friends. I like people. And I'd like a partner but I'm in no place to be able to handle the triggers of that right now...The only thing I can focus on today is my overall health. ..I'm not drinking today not because I want to drink but because by drinking ive become sad sick and broke. ..Im not drinking today...Note: I've also been on a long medically monitored and necessary taper of anti anxiety meds - I disclose this because the meds did not help me stop alcohol (some docs think they will) and did not help my anxiety (this drug is addictive and stopped working over a year ago). It's also a pain in the ass literally. The withdrawal is part of my recovery and something I choose to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on day 3!  I kind of felt like hammered death for the first week so I sympathize with you.  I always got a 'quick fix' to my immediate issue from drinking so I expected the same from sobriety.  It didn't work that way but in the long run since it wasn't an escape but a solution it worked much much better.  You get all the credit in the world for making yourself the best version possible.  I won't drink with you today!
I can relate to wanting to get off anti-anxiety meds. I've been on Citalopram for over 5 years and tapering off of it was not enjoyable whatsoever. Hang in there!
well I wrote that to you yesterday and also wrote then  erased "day 3 will be sooo much better" because I had no way to know for certain it would...regrets: I don't fixate on "near misses" or what could have gone worse (other than to assume that those things will happen this time if I drink again. ..I remember only two things said to me in detox one was "who you were is not who you are."..You're a fucking winner.
