-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56y00o/its_my_turn/

I feel like its time to share my story.  I'm turning 35 next week and I'm feeling a little panicky about my station in life.....I've been in the Army for 14 years.  I've deployed 4 times to Iraq I now work in the IT field though I didnt always.  I've been married to my wonderful wife for 12 years.and together we have 3 beautiful children (237) and one more due next month.  I've been drinking on and off (mostly on) for the better part of 20 years now.  At one point I was an .award-winning home brewer.  BJCP certified beer judge and by God I love me some craft beer.  I've been arrested twice for DUI and have had so many close calls and .bizarre stories and those are just the ones I remember.  I've been seen by military behavioral health professionals for almost ten years now diagnosed with a myriad of .depression-type disorders.  Last year I spent 8 weeks in both in and outpatient rehab for alcohol dependency.  Last bit before I go on....  I am in the process of possibly.being medically retired from service.  Theres so much more detail I could give but this is about not drinking so I'll stick to that....Every morning I fire up the old reddit and come accross some of your stories and struggles.  Some I relate to some not so much.  I know a few things in the back of my head..As I sit staring down the barrel of a complete lifestyle change what with the kid and leaving the service and all.....  I know I let alcohol take everything.  I know I still am..I'm trying to remember how my band's show went on Friday but I know I was so hammered that I cant recall our last set.  I was selected for a promotion recently this is being .taken away because I do not meet physical standards largely caused by excessive drinking.  I gladly put the kids to bed knowing that 8:00 is beer thirty where I can down my 6.pack and zone out for a few hours before I go to bed.  I know that this is killing me.  Enough to make me want to pour my heart out.  I catch myself often in toxic thinking.loops where I know the source of so much of my ennui yet do nothing to change it. ....I thought I had more to say.  But I suppose thats it in a nutshell.  Just reading this kind of makes me sad.  I'm scared I'm sad....  I'm tired.  Tired of whatever existence.this is that I've crafted for myself.  Just for today I'm going to try not to drink.  Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations -- you made the right choice!  Any of us here will gladly tell you the same.  I won't drink with you today!
You know what I see in this post? A beginning. An absolutely beautiful beginning. Welcome friend. 
Once I stopped trying to control that which I could not I found freedom...And that's a pretty cool freaking feeling!..I will gladly not drink with you today.
I'm glad you're here. I'm happy to not drink with you today. 
At 35 good sir you are two decades ahead of the time I am finally trying to turn my life around.  I think you are at the exact right place and right time to make the changes your recognize you need to.  Clearly your level of self-awareness is one solid factor in your corner.  I too will not drink with you today.
