-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/577tr0/struggling_with_life_on_lifes_terms_tonighthow/

Update: Thursday...I was up very late last night. It was a difficult day. Thank you for all of your kind words encouragement and empathy...I decided to take off work today for my own well-being. I've taken the time to work on unpacking my apartment and doing laundry. I actually got some sleep as well...Sometimes we just need to practice a little bit of self-care.   A mental health day is not just an excuse to take off work. ..In my drinking days a day off work I would be an excuse to get blacked out drunk at 10 or 11 in the morning. Today as a sober person I was able to make some delicious cinnamon apple cider oatmeal and accomplish a bunch of things. Once again I am blessed by sobriety and the support of those in the recovery community...Much love...Mouse...******..Original post::....Tonight is tough friends. I won't lie. I'm currently leaving a 24 hour grocery super store where I spent a ridiculous amount of time just walking up and down the aisles shopping for meals for one while trying to hold back tears. My heart hurts...I am now officially moved out of my marital home and into my apartment complex as of last weekend.  I'm trying to juggle two jobs while figuring out how to make this new place a home...a home with no spouse and no beloved dogs because I'm too busy for pets..I will post at another time about my moving experience but for now how are you today? ..I know I'm not alone but at the moment my heart isn't believing that. I would love to hear from my /r/stopdrinking community...Stay sober with me tonight my friends...Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there man. We dont know each other but when I just saw your 876 I immediately felt so proud of you. ..I hope to be there someday. I too am dealing with a long term relationship ending and am struggling a lot right now. Random fits of abouslutly breaking down in tears have been frequent. Its killing me inside I can only hope to turn it into fuel to stay on the right path...All I can say is it seems like youre handling business. Head down grind through. Hopefully things slow down later on and you can get a new puppers!..I wont be drinking with you tonight. Best wishes.
I would try to get to a meeting as soon as I could. The companionship/fellowship is what they are about for you now. Being surrounded by folks in the same fight should help. But I'll keep a good thought for the Mouse tonite I pray your burden to ease.
I'm thinking about you. I hope you feel better very soon. You are definitely not alone- we are here for you. 
Sorry to hear you are missing your dogs...I'll stay sober with you.
Hey mouse. Sorry you're feeling down today. I am feeling exhausted at the moment. I have been travelling tons lots of meetings and tons of work demands. I just want to go hide in a cave for a while. Other than that I am doing fine...I still remember the pain from my divorce. I did have the satisfaction of kicking my ex wife out of our home but everything was hers so she came back a few days later and emptied it out. I felt more than empty. I felt like I had been cheated out of life dreams that could never be recreated. I moved into a dorm room for graduate students. Eventually time and life worked its magic and I slowly moved on. ..Enough of my rambling here are some internet hugs and have a good night.
I've been there.   Take care of you right now.  Other things will work out if you do.
We are here for you. I won't drink with you tonight. 
Life's terms are harsh as hell sometimes. I quit and got a divorce at the same time too. It took a while for things to get better but they did. And I'm convinced that drinking would have made a really shitty situation way way worse. Good luck friend.
Hugs to you. Take care Mouse  
Sometimes when I'm at my worst it helps to remember that no matter how much right now hurts it will pass. There have been so many times in my life where I've thought "nope this is it.  This one thing will now define me forever. I'll never get over this." But then as ever I do. And new strange and wonderful things come in to fill the space because there's suddenly room!..You'll get through this. One foot in front of the other until you're out of the forest. You're not alone!
Much love to you Mouse. There are better days ahead. I promise &lt;3
You're absolutely right - you are NOT alone!  I for one will share this evening not drinking with you.  I've no doubt that every other person who posts here would gladly do the same...Hang in there.  I think the big D is a lot like sobriety.  You take it one day at a time and slowly build the next stage of your life bit-by-bit.
Geeze that sucks! Sorry to hear life is being a bitch to you lately. You are strong and will make it through this! I will not drink with you today...or tomorrow for that matter :)
Hey Mouse! I struggle a lot with life on life's terms also I don't know why but I do. Things will get better it may not seem that way right now but they will I'm sorry you're hurting though. Let me just say that I'm so proud of you for not drinking with all that you're dealing with right now! You are definitely not alone we're all here for you. Hang in there I know that you're going through a very rough time right now but things will get better it just takes time. I'm glad to see your font and know that you're here still. Feel better friend.
I'm staying sober with you Mouse!!!
Hello Mouse..It's the following morning over here now. I guess you might be asleep by now and not see the message until your morning...There are people here who love and respect you (myself included) even though we've never met...I've been thinking a lot lately about life changes and how best to respond to the feelings of conflict we experience whilst change happens. I'm trying to train myself to remember that everything's temporary. By remaining sober you'll find your true way much quicker and easier (I'm sure I don't really need to tell you that)...Have an internet hug from across the pond from me (((((     )))))..It goes without saying that I'll not pick up that first drink with you today.
Sending you much love. This too shall pass not drinking with you my friend.
Hi mouse I'm sorry to hear you're down in the dumps today. I'm at work right now dealing with other people's problems. I miss my wife and kids who are on holiday in the Alps this week but I'm also really looking forward to getting them back Saturday evening. It's strange coming home to an empty apartment that's normally filled with the sounds of family life so I'm sending you lots of strength to deal with your situation. ..Hang in there! I will not drink with you today.
Your posts are always among my favourites here. I don't post often but I'm sorry you're going through such a shitty time. Your stories have often made me feel less alone so I hope this community can do the same for you now...xx
I find it hard at times too having to accept some things. I say cry it out as much as you need too. I will not drink with you tonight
Hugs mouse. You're not alone.
Get a cat. They need very little maintenance. They are also loving just before meal times:)
Sorry about what you are going through. My wife and I have been fighting lately a lot and this scenario scares me to death. I hope that you will find a way to make it through this tough time. ..It's been rough for me lately but I try to stay positive. And I'm definitely not jumping on that slippery slope of drinking my troubles away. 
