-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/577vhp/the_app_says_4_days_sober/

.Today was okay. Im tired want a drink. It's so early. I tried exercise they gave us homework squats and stances to practice for the Krav Maga class I just feel heavy and empty inside I think I did three squats and walked away. Made chicken and broccoli for dinner....My stomach was burning for a drink and I felt all cranky even as I type this I can feel my face is screwed up mad shoulders tense... I drove home from work and drove by familiar places all full of drinking memories. Meeting up with the girls on that corner the wings and beer specials from that place.  Peeing around the corner of that place and yelling FUCK YOU ....I DON'T HAVE A DICK..to a cab of guys that saw me..classy drunk girl stuff.   I don't want to go back to that but I wanted a drink. When I drive to work I usually get a little kettle one nipper and a red bull during lunch and drink that while driving home a little appetizer if you will for more drinking when I got home.  What about dinner...What dinner? my kid left for the Navy two years ago i can just skip the domestic duties (if ordering out 4out of 7nights can be considered dutiful)  and go drink any hunger pang away...although...I'll get home at whatever time  and realize I am ravenous and eat cold whatever right out of the fridge while swerving...My mind feels overloaded I want to read all the books see all the inspirational videos write in all the journals.  I keep rewinding my memories seeing examples of my alcoholism from my past seeing how I have created a life for myself where it kind of took precedence over my job at times my daughter my mother my health most relationships. ..Its onky day 4 and im mental exhausted from everything ivr done PLUS trying  to map out a future without alcohol in my life my brain is working so hard Im experiencing little memory lapses stuff I know I know for sure just kind of elude me when Im trying to recall it on the spot.  Is that damage to my brain from drinking? Will that repair itself if it is?  ..Im just tired.  I don't truly feel sober until this heaviness lifts of my shoulder and chest this fog that comes in and out where I feel on top then somehow like right now slide into the muck. ..People keep commenting on how quiet I am.  Even the lady that registered me for the class who met with me for like 20 minutes.  Commented I didn't seem like my cheery self I wanted to tell her You met me for 20 minutes you don't know me but I usually am really bubbly and excited I guess Im either on my way to drink or already buzzed so I come off with more personality.  I simply said I was getting in my zone.  ..The guy from the coner store was taking a break and suddenly I hear "M. whats the matter with you dayum girl look like someone killed your cat" I just mustered a smile I hope and said "work was kicking my ass"...Im not really bothered by that it's an observation I guess I want to know Im looking different necause god know I am changing.  But have I lost my zest for life because I can't drink anymore was my life just doing what I had to do unti the next sip for like the last 22 years of my life?..Im tired. Yesterday when I wrote I felt positive and all enlightened.  Today I am writing just to document my day. Since some of you guys are watching my story I don't want to fall off and have you think I drank.   I wanted to check in and say I DIDN"T DRINK TODAY GUYS AND I REALLY FREAKEN WANT TOO.  LIKE REALLY.  I WON'T. I PROMISE MYSELF I PROMISE ALL OF US STRUGGLING. Plus  I know Im not ready and might never be ready..
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you checked in!  The brain buzzing with lots of thoughts sounds familiar.  In fact there was another post on it in the sub today about being addicted to thinking.
I've been following your thoughts and am at day 4 with you. Had a total memory lapse on a very easy word during a phone interview and remembered during the call then forgot again and it took me a moment just now to remember what I forgot...Adage of the day; remembering what we forgot. Yeah life's gonna not be so fun until we bring back old things that brought happiness or create new ways. I aced the phone call by finding a different way to say what I meant because I couldnt use that word. Just like I can't use alcohol so finding new ways. ..There's no instant gratification anymore. What we let ourselves do in drinking we had to fight to stop. I can't think of one good sober thing someone does that they'd just stop doing. I may not have one myself yet but we can get there. ..Not drinking with you today.
You caught me - I was looking for your post from last night so I could check to see if you posed today and see how you were doing.  ..I am still in a bit of a fog but I have so much shit going on that its going to take the better part of a year for things to get back to normal.  Right now I am just focusing on putting one foot in front of the other and staying sober for right now.  I am not worried about tomorrow the weekend next week or next month.  I am just focusing on right now.  ..Keep up the good work!!..
