-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/578g4d/my_xpost_rleaves/

I read this VERY timely post and it got me thinking. ..https://www.reddit.com/r/leaves/comments/572eqs/the_3_stages_of_relapse/..I smoked weed daily or nearly daily for 25 years- from age 14 through my late 30's. (I did almost everything else too but weed and booze were my regular buzz.) I slacked off to weekends or even less frequently as my alcoholism got worse as I hit 40. I had my last bowl 6 years ago and have been 100% sober from everything for over five years. I have a good recovery community and still go to AA 4 -5 times a week...But I still fantasize about having a little taste. This weekend I'll be at a music festival- a situation where I'm away from home away from my friends in recovery away from my girlfriend who has never seen me drunk or high and there will be drugs everywhere all weekend. The last few weeks have put a lot of stress on me and there's still a part of my addictive reptile brain that wants oblivion..I never really addressed my addiction to weed. It was really easy to put down since I just replaced that addiction with a harder drug. But I wasted YEARS of my life in a stupor just treading water in dead-end jobs because I had no ambition. And here I am romanticizing a few hits telling myself it won't hurt...I'm scaring myself. Recovery has been the best thing I've ever done for myself and I don't want to fuck it up. I guess I'm posting just to put it out there: I've still got a problem. I still need help. My thinking is untrustworthy...Tomorrow morning I'm going to get up and commit to a sober day. That's all I know how to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Read that post earlier I related quite a bit to some of the ways i've felt lately. ..I also read one recently from a dude in leaves where he'd stopped for 10 weeks and had a hit and basically freaked out with a huge panic attack. I smoked copious amounts of weed for many years until a few weeks back. I've had long breaks before (nowhere near 6 years tho!) and remember how face smashingly intense it was to try and go back. It wasn't fun at all. Reading that post reminded me of that feeling and scared me off the thought of doing it. Couldnt imagine doing it at a festival with loads of people around. Esp after 6 years of not smoking. 
So what are you going to do when someone passes you a bowl? What will you do when the cloud wafts over you and smells *so* good? For me it helps to image what I'll struggle with and come up with specific strategies to deal with them. I'm good at catastrophizing and imaging the worst so I tend to be well-prepared.
One day at a time. My triggers scare me also. I will not drink with you tonight 
