-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57am0j/spiritual_challenge_aa_as_an_atheist/

I'm an alcoholic. ..I've been attending AA for about a week and in many ways it has been simply incredible. A room full of people who understand exactly the challenges that I've been facing! A program that seems to be rather successful! People who I can share my story with who judge me favorably because I'm actually trying to deal with it. The love I've felt the caring and sharing it's been a rigorous lesson in authenticity and the power of love and support! ..And I've tried everything else including /r/stopdrinking and I don't know what else to do. Invariably I figure I can handle it and exert some self control for a while and with these successes figure I can "relax" a bit and within a few days/weeks/months I'm back to drinking at home in my room and waking up with little memory about how I ended up in bed. Wife is gone as of last January and I've been through the cycle of "I don't need alcohol -> I don't have a problem with alcohol -> I can have a few beers -> I have a nip or two before bed -> I woke up this morning with no idea how I ended up in bed" several times since then. Over and over and this has been for years. ..So I'm reading "the big book" and the issue I have is with all this emphasis on a higher power - I'm an agnostic atheist and while I'm not openly offended by talk like this I'm having a real tough time resolving my faith (or lack thereof) with this basic requirement to accept a higher power. (Yes I've read chapter 4 and it's largely tautology circular reasoning and straw man arguments from a logic point of view) ..But I want to do the steps I want to make amends in particular to my family for all the damage that my inability to handle alcohol as wreaked upon our lives. I really hope that I can look in the mirror someday and not just be comfortable with the guy looking back but proud of that guy too! ..But I'm really struggling with the "higher power" concept. I'm hoping somebody here has some guidance or kind words that might help me resolve this conflict? 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey.  What's up?  I began the program without any spirituality.  Didn't believe in the white man with the white robe in the sky.  Page 47 states. ..&gt;We needed to ask ourselves but one short question. Do I now believe or am I even willing to believe that there is a Power greater than myself? As soon as a man can say that he does believe or is willing to believe we emphatically assure him that he is on his way. It has been repeatedly proved among us that upon this simple cornerstone a wonderfully effective spiritual structure can be built..The important part here is that all I need is willingness I don't actually need to believe in God.  And that's where I started.  Heck why not keep an open mind on the matter?  I can always decide later that there is no God.  Additionally we don't need to have spirituality to work the steps.  It's quite the opposite... Working the steps gives us a spiritual experience.  So I wouldn't get stuck on the spirituality aspect.  I'd just work the steps...As for what God is?  Well that's up to you my friend.  It can be the white guy in the clouds or it can be the universal phenomena of love.  A power that transcends time and is more powerful than I could ever be.  I even started praying meditating and calling my higher power God without believing in that white guy in the clouds.  Quite simply it was all about not letting my current belief system hold me back from saving my life.  And that's what we are doing by getting sober saving our lives. 
i was agnostic when i came in as well.  i guess i was more ignorant than anything.  never really thought about whether i believe or didn't believe in god. what i was told was that as long as i didnt think that i was the greatest power out there i'd be ok.  it was hard to deny that a fellowship that has kept millions sober was something bigger than me.  i made the group my higher power.  my concept of a higher power has changed over the years simply through the recovery process and living life sober.  .
Hi! I'm another agnostic/atheist who is working the AA program. I'm on Step 6 so I think I'm doing alright. :)..There are lots of strategies for coexisting with the spiritual element of the program. Here are mine:..- As many here will say "Take what works for you and leave the rest."  The great thing about AA is that you don't have to personally identify with every last bit of literature. It's up to you to find those quotes and those tools that resonate with you. Not everything is going to be relevant and that's ok..- Openness to others having spirituality. It bothered the heck out of me at first to hear others in meetings talking about God. My sponsor ended up being Christian and I at first thought I'd made a huge mistake. But in time I learned to cool it. These people weren't trying to push their idea of God onto me. My sponsor suggested I meditate to process my day but didn't ask me to "pray". I wrote in my 4th step that I have a prejudice against faith and spirituality and I try my best to respect others and even draw from their faith-based wisdom. .- A higher power can be anything. A lot of atheists choose the group as their HP. I use nature. I already love nature and being out in the woods is the closest I come to being spiritual. So I try to spend more time outdoors and that does help keep me sober. :)
For me the real challenge was to keep my mouth shut.  To not judge those with faith.   There were some big lessons there...I have been able to edit the literature (which has a lot of God in it in places) to fit my non beliefs.  I don't try to preach this but I try to live it.
Thanks for this post-- I'm right with you. And I bring it up here and there in meetings as a newbie and have gotten some thoughtful feedback. Maybe try that? I think the message is that it's something/someone other than yourself that can help you. And if i believed that the answer was simply ME then I wouldn't need AA right? Well even as an atheist I know that I cant do this alone. ..I love what someone posted in This thread about "will I let a few capital letters stop me from taking advantage a something that seems to work for so many people?"-- that spoke to me so thank you...Also I started with a group that would say a long Christian prayer at the end before the serenity prayer which I thought must be "the AA way" but I just went to another location and noticed they happily skipped it altogether in favor or just the serenity prayer...Try a different meeting maybe?
I'm a pretty hardcore atheist and have been most of my life. This "higher power" issue wasn't really an issue for me. Your higher power can be whatever you want it to be. Whatever you draw strength from. For me that was obviously the group of people I was surrounded in at my AA meetings. So that's my higher power - the group..
My higher power is the power of community the fellowship and inspiration and support and positive energy I get from other people and from within myself when I in turn give it back.
