-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57cony/ndv_repulsed_by_the_smell_of_alcohol_for_the/

I've posted before about having to do the liquor inventory at my job. Sometimes I have to pour out old wine beer and liquor because it's been opened and it expires fast. ..I've been managing the liquor license for a year now since the previous person quit so I had a rule about open bottles: if I didn't order it it's therefore more than a year old and has to go. ..I've been avoiding cleaning out the actual liquor because of my efforts to get sober. Beer doesn't tempt me. I was primarily a wine drinker but I've tossed out old wine a few times with no problem. ..But when I fantasize about relapse which isn't too often these days it's always a fifth of whiskey or brandy that enters my thoughts. Because if I'm going to relapse it should be worth it right?..I posted a few weeks ago about being tempted by the empty bottles in the inventory. How I opened each one and sniffed it. They smelled delicious at the time. ..Well today since I'm preparing for a new shipment to come in I decided it was time to clean house. ..Yep I poured out half-empty bottles of tequila gin vodka scotch. With my new 4 month AA chip sitting on the counter in front of me. ..To my surprise as I smelled the liquor going down the sink it smelled HORRIBLE. Like some kind of housecleaning chemical that humans should never ingest. As I poured I felt sick. I could vividly remember this corrosive stuff burning down my throat and sitting in my empty stomach (I used to always drink on an empty stomach so food wouldn't soak up the alcohol... faster drunk of course but so painful). I could remember that substance coming back up every time I puked from drinking. It was like my entire digestive tract recoiled in horror from this awful substance I used to abuse it with. ..I'm so glad I had this reaction! Definitely discourages me from romanticizing hard liquor. :) 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you were repulsed by it. It's great that you keep the talisman of your chip nearby to remind yourself and help with temptations. .
Good to hear! Congrats on staying strong!
Someone at my aa meeting the other night was definitely hungover because they smelled like old booze.  It was so gross but that's a little different.  Haven't put myself in a situation where I am close enough to alcohol to smell it yet.  I really don't think I would come out ahead...I quit smoking two years ago but I'll occasionally smoke a cigarette.  I always think it tastes gross but if someone else is smoking I like the smell. I think I am just weird. 
