-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57fhm4/a_letter_about_booze/

I found a letter I wrote about my relationship with alcohol in July. After this I had a two week relapse and quit again (nearly 6 weeks sober!) ..Here's a bit that completely jarred me. I'd almost forgotten how bad it made me feel..."It's just - the hangovers for me were not just physically painful they cut me deep inside my brain. They caused me such awful pain that I began to truly hate myself...And if I'm honest. I don't want to hate myself. I'm pretty good I normally like myself but with alcohol that disappeared. I became a slave to it. I thought it was my cure but it was really my disease...I know right now that I can never go back to booze."..Its amazing I wrote this and then still went back to drink. Yesterday I had a few cravings but instead I went out to the cinema had a burrito and drank a massive ice slushie. The film was alright but I felt great and completely forgot about booze...Today I didn't wake up hating myself. I didn't have a headache or feel sick. I just feel normal. ..I think I am starting to realise that those 'good memories' are a fantasy and I really don't need it to have fun.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. Great decision last night. I love movies and burritos. :)
Thank you for sharing. I will not drink with you tonight
For me this was the most devastating part of it all I knew how much I hated what drinking did to me and yet I kept doing it. I've been replacing those "good memories" of drinking with the genuine good memories of getting through the cravings and the rewards of feeling good and not hating myself. ..Great job with your decisions last night and thanks for sharing.
This is the whole mind f#ck of it. The utter self-loathing when you wake up hungover AGAIN and yet still the desire to drink is as strong as ever. It's a heinous existence. Not drinking with you today my friend.
I've written myself slot of things like this and I still keep relapsing . I've gotten better  I don't binge after I relapse . I always try . But I just want to stop for good . It's funny how you forget all the bad stuff and romanticize drinking so much . Thanks for sharing.
