-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57k46b/something_has_to_give_2_days_in/

Yesterday I woke up next to my ex-fianc e. We had a huge fight the night before and there was a packed suitcase in the hallway. She was a mess and laid in bed all day crying. The only word she said was through tears "so mean". I was way too embarrassed to admit that I didn't remember a single word of it and what I last remembered was drinking wine out of the bottle next to my bride-to-be. She has barely looked at me since. She left on a work trip today and texted me that we needed to talk about what happened the other day. Its very bad but the dent in the wall explains my swollen hand. I'm horrified. This is not the first time this has kind of episode has happened but it's almost definitely the worst...I don't drink every day. But the 2-3 times a week that I do drink I drink until I pass out. I was a frat boy in college then went into an industry where drinking is rampant. I'm 26 and I've been binge drinking for my entire adult life. I don't think I'm addicted to it but it's become clear that I cannot have just one or two drinks. I don't know if that makes me an alcoholic. I don't really know anything except that if I keep doing this I'm going to lose out on the best person I've ever known. And it's been causing job and relationship and even legal issues for years but I chalked it up to just enjoying my youth. ..I posted in the daily check-ins yesterday and today. I downloaded that book in the sidebar and have read the first two chapters. I read a post earlier about someone that had 1 beer after six months and completely relapsed. That was horrifying. Thinking about never being able to have another drink for the rest of my life scares the tar out of me. I guess that's why they say "One day at a time" but it feels so daunting. I would like to think that I'll just be able to learn moderation be able to have a beer at my wedding. If I can salvage that. I want to be able to go to bar trivia to tailgates etc. I'm a grown man and I'm scared of alcohol or I guess of myself...If anyone has successfully toned it down let me know how. I need all the advice I can get. Especially if anyone has salvaged a relationship. I haven't told her that I'm doing this because I'm embarrassed and I don't want it to sound like an excuse...I made an alternate account for this post because I don't want karma for being a self destructive freak. My real account is the same without the number 2 so that you don't think I'm hiding behind a throwaway. I posted this because I felt like I needed to get it all out maybe some kind of sick catharsis I don't know. If this post is a faux pas then I apologize and you can delete it. Now I'm sorry for making y'all read my self-pity...tl;dr I just want her to stop looking at me like a monster. That is the worst feeling in the world and she is way too great to have to be with one.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in the same situation as you (same age same history with alcohol including college job makes it difficult). Only 7 days without a drink so far. ..I have had so many blackout nights where I swear I'll never drink that much again that I'll stop myself next time... but I always do it again. And in between there are plenty of times when I do moderate myself but I ALWAYS end up losing control one evening... so I've decided my only option is to cut out drinking completely I clearly can't moderate. Not sure if you are the same just sharing my recent decision...
[removed]
Sorry you're having a hard time. I totally understand how you feel thinking about moderation. I always come back to that thought too. Right now my goal is a year sober. And I think once I get there I may never want to start again because moderation has proven tough for me in the past...To me your post sounds like you've come to a point where you really truly want to change. Perhaps more than ever before. I've been feeling that this time. ..Also sounds like you've got a great girl. And to me it sounds like you're a good guy who very much cares about her...I've been reading here a lot over the last month and keep hearing "play the tape forward." I've been doing that and it's been helping. 
I'm right here with you not drinking tonight!
I always found the 'quit forever' mentality frightening too.  As I wound down (I know I only have a few days but I went from 10+ years of daily drunks to a few times a month to now only twice in the last month) what always got me was "only on weekends" leading to "well Thursday is practically the weekend" to "days ending in y".  I am feeling much more relaxed just promising myself that today I won't drink.  I have no idea about the future just focused on putting my sober head on the pillow this evening.  For me that changed ALL my anxiety about it.  I won't drink with you just today - you've got this.
Glad you're here.  I have compassion for your struggles...I finally had to make things simple.  I had analyzed planned cogitated made promises made excuses decided one thing and later did another......   Until I figured out ONE thing:..Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences (UC)...When I put the two together I get "stuff" I don't want in my life.  I didn't worry about not drinking for a week a month 90 days a year..... and certainly not *Forever*...I just decided to eliminate alcohol-related Undesired Consequences from my life.  Didn't matter if I was an "alcoholic" or "not an alcoholic".  I suffered from Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD) that's all that mattered -  When I used alcohol I introduced "Disorder" into my life...That made everything much easier for me...What do you want?  Want to stop drinking?..Have a plan?..We can support!..Just for Today I forgo ONE drink - The First One
I know I will never just have 1 so its none for me. I will not drink with you tonight 
