-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57lg6q/i_hope_last_night_was_the_last_night/

I don't even know where to begin.  I'm so ashamed with myself.  Alcoholism runs on both sides of my family.  My parents do not drink.  I do.  A lot.  I had my first drink when I was 17 and blacked out.  I would guess I black out over 90% of the time I drink.  I'm 30 now.  I'm married and we have 2 toddlers.  Last night my 3 year old told me my breath smelled like blueberries.  It was the vodka I had been taking shots of.  I drank my way through college and spent more time drinking than going to class.  I ended up being in school for 5 years and ended up without a degree.  I even worked in a treatment facility for a few years which is where I met my husband.  I would actually go into work hungover or even still drunk from the night before.  I even attended AA meetings with residents.  My husband and I both know we have issues with drinking to the point we joke about it even though we both want to quit.  We've tried to quit several times (including when I was pregnant with our 2 kids) and love the time that we are sober but we always relapse.  I just got a promotion we're buying our first house and I'm back in school to finish my degree.  But I drink every night and it's only gotten worse.  I blacked out early last night and woke up at 3 am and started googling how to quit drinking (having worked in the treatment facility...the irony is not lost on me) and eventually came across this and ended up downloading the reddit app just so I could join.  It's so nice knowing I'm not alone.  Here's to hopefully the first day of my sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here and sorry to hear about your struggles...Congratulations on your choice to be the Best You for yourself spouse and kids:  Sober You !!..Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD) is an equal opportunity agent of Misery...You're not alone.  We have a great community for support tools and resources.  Your contributions on your journey and from your past experience in the field will be valuable to many here including me!..What's your plan?  Where do you want to be?  What's your vision of a Sober Life look like?..All your plans of marriage family school finances home etc. will be so much easier without alcohol as you know...I distilled it for me down to a simple equation:..Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences..Look forward to being on this journey with you!..Just for Today I forgo ONE drink - The First One
You sound like my husband and myself. Except I'm 42 and had been drinking daily for 15 odd years (except pregnant etc). I know that 3am self hatred cycle. I am a month into sobriety and am just so relieved that I have finally decided to remain sober... for today. I check in here every day and really appreciate the community. Welcome. I won't drink with you today. 
there are a lot of other sober moms here...Blacking out with your kids is fucking terrifying (yet I did it again and again) but guess what... you never have to again because you never have to take another drink...making last night the last night sounds like a great plan. We're here to help you get through day one today
