-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57lp4k/finally_coming_to_terms_with_my_ptsd_the_reason_i/

I am now 213 days sober who fucking knows how and things are getting better somewhat....But I glossed over something in early sobriety and that was when I went to intensive therapy on my Day 1 of sobriety I was diagnosed with serious PTSD. I didn't really think it mattered. I felt fine. I had night terrors constantly. Anxiety sometimes out of nowhere but I was okay...Then the more days I got sober the worse the anxiety got the worse my social exclusion was. I stayed at home and did nothing. I'm a serial dater normally- I date hundreds of girls it seems- humble brag bleh- but never good relationships so it really is not worth it...Anyways after 200 days of sobriety I decided I was okay to date again. I did not enter a relationship or even go on a single serious date for a year (I had a relapse before my 213 days this time but I didn't date before that too) anyways I found out from dating that boy do I not only have PTSD but it is fucking serious...I have been drinking and drugging since a very serious assault happened when I was 12. I didn't realize that this was the first time in my entire life I was facing the world on real terms. My brain had to rewire. It's really intense having to face stressful situations without alcohol or drugs...I went on a date the other day and subsequently had a serious trigger (that I wasn't even aware of) and went into a dissociation state and had several panic attacks. i can't even remember parts of the day and it's so scary. I then had sleep paralysis and a night terror. I didn't believe I had PTSD I mean maybe but was in denial before this. I know this is now key to my recovery and I need to be extremely careful in personal relationships because the stress and anxiety they cause is what led me to drink. ..This is a long post but what I am getting at is sobriety is different for everyone. I know some people who quit drinking and after the first month life is bliss and happiness. That wasn't the case for me. I have a serious mental illness. I still am surviving but it will take a long time to rewire my brain completely I think so I have to go to therapy and be very careful about my social situations. ..I think I want this post to help those (if it can) that suffer from mental illness too and coped with alcohol as a result of it. I still have really bad days but I know for one thing alcohol does not actually help it makes it so much worse. I'm learning. And I'm happy about that.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting today. I can't imagine how hard PTSD must be but I'm really glad that you're on your way to healing. I wish you the best and am sending positive vibes your way. 
Sadly dual diagnosis is common.   So glad you have learned the truth and are on the mend.   Sober on!
When I was a kid there was emotional abuse. Developmental trauma from day one. I totally should've ran to a shrink way back when but devouring many books written by shrinks meditation as a practice Buddhist studies(totally bawss) yoga AA (in-person group sober support)- that stuff helped me out a lot. Some of the deeper grounding meditation really helped me connect with the 'rewiring' process and calm me. Going to a shrink is still on my list after spending $$$ on some more medical expenditures that seem never-ending. But my scrambled mind that seemed like scrambled eggs is starting to resemble the real egg I want it to be. Of course this rant is all about me and my experience. You gotta do you. Good luck and keep faith in yourself.
Thank you for sharing and congrats on making it to 200 days. Your words really helped me (I used drinking and casual dating to avoid dealing with a lot of shame/guilt about my past and trying to work through these things the past 6 months (made it April 25 - September 25 without drinking drank on the 25th and then quit again on the 26th) has been really tough. I tried to date a few times but I felt myself slipping back into codependency mode (checking my phone constantly and wondering why she hadn't texted getting nervous about explaining my financial mistakes and how I am working on them which kinda shows how much I needed to feel wanted and accepted by someone) so now I'm back off the dating apps and just getting my weekend read and clean on. ..Keep fighting. One day at a time. We can do it.
Thanks for sharing your experience. I highly recommend the book Surviving Survival by Laurence Gonzales for anyone coping with PTSD and wanting to re-wire without substance. .I have PTSD as well. I also am trying to rewire my brain to live and eventually thrive without booze. I have found that travel even local travel to places I've never been is a HUGE help for me re-wire my PTSD. Better than booze. no hang over. There is legit science backing this up. Gavin de Becker also wrote a great book The Gift of Fear has helped me come to terms and accept my PTSD as symptoms related not a mental illness but my brain doing it's job well. 
This is great! Honesty and a forthcoming attitude are huge in this battle. But I've made the mistake of thinking I could pin my drinking on just one thing and the results weren't great. Don't forget how complicated and multi-faceted our disease is. Absolutely getting help with PTSD and other mental illnesses is paramount but to say the reason you drink is PTSD or that I drank because of depression/anxiety or bipolar disorder etc... is an oversimplification that can take us down the path toward a thin and precarious line. We drank for a lot of reasons and we couldn't stop for a lot of reasons. 
