-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57m08b/the_difference_between_willfullness_and/

Maybe another sub would be a better place to ask this question but on quitting alcohol especially in AA these two words often come up. Willingness is what you need but willfullness is bad. I'm struggling to understand the difference in a sufficient enough way to apply to myself my way of thinking my outlook on life and my behaviors. ..My understanding is when you are willfull things are forced because you are trying to control everything and when you are willing then things just fall into place. But somehow my mind just doesnt really get it in terms of the difference between being one way versus the other. How do you actually act or think differently? ..Does anyone have any good analogies explanations personal ways of understanding anything?
----------immediate responses--------

I kind of think of it like being willful is being "closed". "MY way is best! I'm smarter than these other people! I know what I am doing!"..But willing is being "open". "What can I learn today? My way hasn't worked so what else could I try? I admit I am not all knowing so I am leaving myself open to new ideas."
I understand this in the context of Dialectical Behavior Therapy.  ..http://www.dbtselfhelp.com/html/radical_acceptance_part_6.html.."Willingness is when you allow the world to be what it is. And no matter what it is you agree to participate in the world.".."Willfulness is the opposite of willingness.  If willingness is realizing that you are a part of and connected to life willfulness is when you forget life. It's when you deny it. It's when you refuse to be a part of it.  When you want to sit on the sidelines. Or you try to ignore it.  Or you try to destroy it. ..Willfulness is a little like the terrible two's. When you start saying 'No no no.' But you are saying no to life itself.  You're saying no to reality. You're saying no to what is. ..All of us have experiences of willfulness. Let's say something has happened to you that is really painful.  Sooner or later you figure out alright I need to accept this.  So you turn your mind towards acceptance.  And just as your mind's turning it's almost there... What happens? Up pops willfulness. 'No. I refuse.  I'm not going to do it.'"
I agree with the definitions given by /u/SoberApok. ..Willfulness is often a block to recovery because the mind is closed to new ideas. As a willful person I would act as though I know everything. I would reject new information and be unwilling to learn. ..Willingness is thinking outside our "comfortable box" and considering new ideas and ways of acting. ..These characteristics are addressed especially in the first three steps. I first admit I'm in trouble. Then I realize I don't know how to get sober by my own devices and thirdly I look outside myself for answers. 
