-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57nine/relapsed_eating_disorder/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Well I would have told you to exercise as it's my go to and my personal saving grace. But WHY is it my saving grace?..Because it allows me to *replace* drinking. For whatever reason there is a cause to all our self destructive behaviors. Simply....stopping them isn't really an easy option...Sure I can 'not drink' for one second but if I just sit there another second comes around and I have to win that battle again. And again. Until I lose...So what is something you ARE interested in that you can funnel your energy into instead?
Can you see a therapist? It sounds to me like some CBT might be helpful. The therapist I saw specialized in both addiction and E.D.'s (they are similar behaviors in many ways). Best wishes to you..
Fellow self destructive here. The only thing that helped me was seeing a professional. This along with not drinking through the assistance of the awesome people on this forum...When I don't have complete control over my completely absorbing job I tend to have some other issues that pop up when I'm not drinking also. I've personally found some relief from this. Good luck. Welcome to the forum.
I'm in recovery from eating disorder and when I stopped drinking I felt triggered again. I remained vigilant and reconnected with the CBT work I did previously. The most important thing for me in recovering was a commitment to "normal eating" so whenever I had a slip I'd not beat myself up and get back to normal eating as soon as possible. I worked through some CBT exercises for stopping drinking too with a book called Overcoming Problem Drinking (I also used the workbook in the same series for eating disorders previously). When I stopped drinking I immersed myself in distractions - gaming reading TV etc. I tried eating well at mealtimes starting with breakfast. I'd drink herbal teas and sparkling water...I also battled dermatillomania ([compulsive skin picking](https://www.reddit.com/r/CompulsiveSkinPicking/)) - that one I struggled with but whenever I slipped on that I remained vigilant on not drinking I didn't tether one to the other. It felt at times like I couldn't beat it but I kept trying.
Literally just posted a comment about this yesterday. I don't have any advice but you're not alone. ..Edit: and i totally understand your aversion to exercise admonishments...i spent two years devoting 5+ hours a day to the gym. ..I struggle with finding balance in everything...i always say i get addicted to anything i do more than twice and...it's not untrue. 
If it's any help to you I'm recovered for 30 years from anorexia/bulimia and from drinking for 18 years. I know what you mean about feeling like no matter what you'll just always be doomed to some sort of compulsive self-destructive behavior...I am not quite sure what to tell you I did. I can tell you that I have a totally normal relationship with food now and that drinking never even crosses my mind. It was a slow process. I think the key was to begin to like myself to begin to feel that I was worthy of not living my life that way. I've done pretty much everything therapy meds (SSRIs) EMDR but the key to all of it has been the belief that I really do deserve a measure of peace in my life and I'm worth doing whatever it takes to achieve that goal...I know that YOU are worth it too..
