-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57s61e/about_last_night/

i was alone was very down. I don't know that many people here so didn't really have any one to call. I was really *REALLY* struggling with not picking up. ..the good thing was that i got on here and posted a short message for support and folks responded. i was able to get through the night because of the advice and encouragement from people that cared.....*THANK YOU* peeps on stop drinking!!!!! I was able to wake up sober on my 76th day......last night though i had intense cravings.  i went to bed because i couldn't do anything else but had several drinking dreams that were so realistic that when i first woke up i thought maybe i did drink because i'm still having some PAWS symptoms (even this far out)...       *WHEW* i checked the trash can and did a mental check and realized that i did not drink. ..So bottom line i am feeling a bit better today because i am sober...again so grateful for everyone here in this community!..
----------immediate responses--------

Great going! Way to take action... and give yourself credit-- "just going to bed" IS doing something! Sometimes it's the smartest thing to do.
I know this feeling..and then remember oh I didn't drink!..I'm here with you not drinking and looking to make this time stick..:-)..Let's keep moving forward more victories!.YAY!
Our bodies need sleep much more than alcohol. The choice is obvious. When we've had enough sleep we wake up refreshed. When we've had *enough* booze...who knows... You made the right choice.
I'm so glad for you. I wish I had not partaken. I feel like a...well I'll not go there. I am just happy you don't feel like me right now and hope that I can have the same restraint in the future. 
I had my first dreams last night about drinking - I woke up convinced I had drank and felt awful about it - it took me a few minutes to recall that I hadn't actually drank but I still have a weird guilt feeling hours later. 
Great job. I will not drink with you tonight
Glad you are alright. I won't drink with you today.
I am so proud of you!! Woohoo!
