-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57udaf/two_and_a_half_years_gone_what_i_learned_and/

Hey folks..I had just under 2.5 years of continuous sobriety before I relapsed. Like a lot of folks will say my relapse happened a long time before I actually drank. I can now recall a couple of times where I pulled in to the store and turned around and came home empty handed...So I was not and am not in a great place. I decided to part ways with my old job of delivering pizza. A dead end job where I was mostly stable able to exercise frequently surrounded by friends and able to support myself adequately. I decided to join the army. ..I'm gonna make this section as short as possible because I could ramble all day about my interactions with the army. I was honest with my recruiter about my past. I told him I am a recovering alcoholic and have been sober for a long time. I told him I have/had issues with anxiety but never had medications. Beyond my recruiter I was told not to talk about this and it would prevent me from serving. No big deal I've been sober for so long its really a non-issue and my anxiety has been extremely manageable. As time went on and I went through the process my anxiety creeped up.... and up..... aaaaaaaaand up. Back to levels I experienced in my using days. I took a temp job doing carpentry with my landlord and absolutely hated it. The work is very lonely very taxing physically and mentally and I believe it exacerbated the situation. I was too tired after work to lift and often even walk my dog...The whole thing came to a head when I was about 3-4 weeks from shipping I brought up my hurt shoulder to my recruiter and the commander. The shoulder injury is NOT a lie. I did NOT make it up as a way out. I was seriously concerned about going forward with training since I have days where I can barely function at work. My recruiter said to rub some dirt on it and tried to brush it off. My commander seemed to care and just told me to see a doc ASAP. I saw a sports medicine doc and my primary doc who both agreed that it wasnt a huge deal but it might be wise to try and delay my ship date for a short while. This did not sit well with them. Anxiety spiked depression reared its ugly head and I decided to withdraw my enlistment. It was not a pleasant thing to go through. Guilt shame fear anxiety loneliness...Throughout this process I drank on multiple occasions. I recall one instance shortly after I signed my initial enlistment papers that "I am a fucking soldier I can handle this!". And nope.... I cant...Drinking was never fun. It was never a reprieve from the outside world. I drank and sat at home alone. I could barely sleep through the night and if I didnt have to work in the morning I started my day off with some more drinks. I laid in bed most of the time floating in between nodding off and watching stupid shit on youtube. Zero fun and zero productivity. The only good thing I can say about this is that I stopped before risking serious withdrawals. Had I continued even a couple more hours that may not have been the case...My last drink was yesterday. I poured out the last little bit I had and felt good doing it. I still feel awful. I still have a lot of shame embarrassment guilt. ..Life right now sucks. I am wayyyyyy behind financially. I hate my job doing carpentry and still feel crippling loneliness doing it. I felt well enough to go do some light lifting today and I feel weaker. I am going to try and rebuild my strength and mental toughness slowly and get back in my routine. I have spoken with my old boss at my pizza place and he says there may be a spot open for me to come back. I'm not happy about it but it could be a step in the right direction. I am going to continue to study to become a personal trainer (which I was doing before I enlisted). I FINALLY opened up to my family and I am going to resume seeing a counselor and open up to the idea of taking medications to treat my anxiety and depression. I am also going to try to not be so angry and to stop lying...Two and a half years of sobriety. I found my inner fire. I found something that makes me happy (fitness). I dug myself out of the nasty hole I was in and gained financial independence. I bought a car adopted a puppy built a beautiful aquarium. I began to feel better about my appearance and built some confidence...I didnt lose everything. I did lose a lot and it will take some time to get me back to where I was. Had I chosen to continue drinking I may have lost everything.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so so glad you came back here to talk about it. You are amazing WTBM. It is an honor to share this space with you.
Welcome Back. I just found this site 20 or so days ago and it's been a lifesaver. We're here for you. I will not drink today tonight or tomorrow! 
I'm glad you're here /u/WonTonBurritoMeals. Stay in touch!
Hey WTBM. Thank you for coming back. Your doggie thanks you too. You can totally do this. I have faith in you. :-) 
[deleted]
[removed]
Welcome back. I will gladly not drink with you today. And I will lift with you ma ana         
Welcome back brother. I'm very glad you came back and posted. You're still an inspiration to a lot of us with everything you accomplished in the last 2 and a half years. I'll still never forget that 475 post. Stay strong. 
Had I chosen to continue drinking I may have lost everything."..Thanks for the reminder glad you're right back   
I am glad you are back. Take it from this veteran don't feel guilty of taking care of yourself. The Army won't take care of you only you can. Much love &lt;3
