-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57uo2j/my_last_relapse/

I'm 3 days on from my last relapse after 19 days. I've been feeling absolutely crazy since then. Anxiety guilt shame dread just amplified time 1000. yet feeling emotionally flat. .I'm thinking back on why i decided to drink. It wasn't the "let me just have one" trap. I immediately wanted to get drunk and I did. I know I can't moderate. I don't even try. This time i Just knew i wanted to get drunk and in the moment i was weak and made the wrong decision. Next time I'm going to call the AA hotline instead. .does anyone have any similar experiences or advice they could share? I'm really feeling guilty and ashamed this time: i almost lost my job and my girlfriend. .Thanks guys.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I never get the "I'll just have one" urge. If I'm gonna drink I'm gonna get hammered. When I get urges I try my best to remember what detox feels like. I also constantly remind myself that I know for a fact I won't regret NOT drinking but I almost definitely will regret drinking.
Why not call the AA hotline now and get them to tell you where some meetings are in your area? The hotline isn't really there to counsel you to not drink they're just volunteers that are there to provide basic info about the program and where to find meetings.  If you feel the urge to drink going to a meeting would be an excellent way to beat the craving
Same. If I drink again it's not going to be one drink. ..Sorry you feel like shit. Give it some time. Three days is a long time to not drink. But the brain soul etc. tend to turtle unspectacularly toward resets. ..Can you get into any kind of counseling in addition to meetings? A couple times a month I see a social worker who specializes in addiction. It has this effect....whenever I feel the urge to drink I analyze it and think about how I'll describe it to my social worker. It helps me resist it...Glad you are here and that you DIDN'T lose your job and gf.
Yes reset and failed...all in this weekend! .I know drinking at all is a horrible idea did it any way..I have to do things differently I can't keep failing myself..You are definitely not in this alone.
