-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57za4x/i_feel_dead_inside/

I put myself in a very dangerous situation last night while I was drinking.  It was by far one of the stupidest things I've done in my entire life.  I'm so disgusted and disappointed in myself.  I was able to tell my sister and I can tell she's very upset and worried for me and that really scares me.  I hate doing this to people who care about me.  ..I had a few days sober here and there last month and it seems like every time I relapse I get worse.  Inpatient care is not an option for me but I did make an appointment with a therapist for next week.  I just want to stop so badly you guys.  I'm exhausted.  This is not what life is supposed to be.  I just needed to vent I guess.  Thanks for listening and for all your inspiration r/stopdrinking.  You guys are awesome.
----------immediate responses--------

You are in a very good place and welcome!..I have known many many people over the years in similar situations as you.  When they can't do rehab and they have been unable to get any traction alone many of these people have benefitted from recovery groups like AA.  The short term benefit is you can basically find a place/group every single day who are willing to help you and provide much needed support.  The long term benefit is a life of recovery freedom and happiness...I wish you  the best and hope you find some success.  You are definitely not alone here.
You are not alone! I am so with you my friend. You may feel bad now but the good news is this can be the last day you ever feel like this because of drinking. I'm glad to hear that you have contacted a therapist. Therapy helped me a lot. I am actually thinking of going back to it! I also made sure that I had activities to distract me in my "white knuckle" moments and I kept lots of flavored sodas and seltzer water on had to satisfy my need to drink something. Don't get me wrong - I know it's not as simple as that but it was the start for me. Baby steps ;) I still struggle. But SD is an amazing community of people who understand the struggle. I will not drink with you today!!
So much of what you said says you are over it and on your way to sober living. I believe that cause I've said and done the same things. I relized that theres no  going back once it becomes a problem it stays a problem. Seems like  I worked hard trying to fight that fact.  I even wasted many years of my life. Today I'll stay sober with you. Your gonna be alright!!!!! :-)
Aw man I hear this. I would always drink way way more than I planned and put myself in some really awful places too. I remember so clearly the feeling of exhaustion you describe like for me it wasn't exactly wanting to die more like too tired to keep going and what's the point. I know it's hard to imagine now but after those really really hard first few days/weeks things really started getting better. At some point I just found a sense of peace that I never knew existed and pride in myself which I never really had. I might just say too of course nobody is grateful for having a problem with alcohol but it has really helped to give me perspective now for how beautiful life can really be. I totally agree with soda water and probably a few extra little treats too :) Good luck on these first few days xx so happy you are here.
&gt; I'm so disgusted and disappointed in myself..Even though it's hard don't be. You've done something stupid. Today it is done and you can't change that. What you can do today is not drink. "One day at a time" as they say...&gt; I hate doing this to people who care about me...When I began sobriety I didn't care about anyone. I did it for me. I knew that I was not in a position to help or care about someone else. I was an asshole for some time. Then long term sobriety helped me rebuild the bridges.
Sending you positive vibes. Hope you're good and hang in there! Its all true what they say first few days are rough but its worth it things get better. When I reached out to a friend I hadn't seen in years but knew was sober we spoke on the phone for an hour or so and he told me a few times "Don't beat yourself up" which I appreciated so so much. Its natural to get down on yourself but don't beat yourself up. It will get better I won't drink with you today. Take care friend.
Thank you for sharing.
I'm in a pretty similar boat today.  Been on a bender for months.  My insides feel rotten.  My brain feels like mush.  I've spent ridiculous amounts of money.  Every relapse is worse than the previous one.  Depression has gotten worse...  Everything has gotten worse...We can do this though!  It'll be a bumpy road but it's one that's worth taking!  One day at a time.  In a few weeks we'll be feeling pretty good.  Certainly better than we're feeling now.  And it'll only get better from there...I won't drink with you today!
[removed]
Oh hi there. I totally remember feeling like a pile of butts on Day 1 and I'm sorry you're looking down that particular well of gloom today. It's going to be kind of hard but that's because it's a big change that's worth making. Alcoholism is tiring as all hell like ankle weights on the soul and it feels real good to get out of that shit. This sub will help and daily check ins either here or on your own will help too (I keep a journal and start each day's entry with a promise not to drink). You can and will come out of this: a wiser man than I am reminds us that the well of goodness is always within us and it will ever bubble up if we will ever dig. I will not drink with you today. 
