-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57zi5s/drinking_is_slowly_ruining_meneed_advice/

Hello SD community..I apologize in advance if my thoughts are kind of jumping around. Here it goes:..I've made the decision to cut down on my drinking because I'm starting to see it affect me in different areas of my life. I don't drink a lot of hard liquor but I do drink a lot of wine. I live at home with my mother who also likes to drink wine. She usually likes to keep a 5 liter box of Franzia Merlot wine available in the house for when she wants it. My mother shares it with me and we keep it in the kitchen. Problem is I've noticed that I drink it way more than she does. Most nights when I come in from work I like to drink 2-3 [cups full](http://universitydude.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/red-plastic-cup.jpg) of this stuff and get a nice buzz going. When I do this I end up staying up really late and I'm tired for work in the morning. There was a period of time where I started arriving to work really late and my boss noticed so I had to crack down on the lateness. Although I've worked on the tardiness I still drink when I come home. It's become a habit. There are days where I say I'm not going to drink when I get home but as soon as I get home and I get out of my work clothes the urge to drink and be buzzed strikes. I end up giving in and its rinse and repeat. ..I like the buzzed feeling but I don't like how I feel after I drink. I don't sleep properly anymore. The next day after drinking I'm usually very tired. I have this constant mental fog and I can feel myself cognitively a few steps behind my peers. Its affecting me socially because I don't want to say anything stupid because of the mental fog. At work I tend to retreat into my cube and stay on my computer most days. I feel socially awkward some days because I feel like I just can't keep up with the conversation and I can't think. It takes a strike to the confidence a bit because I feel like I'm mentally behind everyone and that there must be something wrong with me. I'm slowly killing myself by drinking like this every day and I know it. Productivity-wise I'm starting to fall behind in my studies (in the IT field). The time that I spend buzzed could better be spent on studying. ..For all that have struggled with this what did you do? What do you recommend? How did you gain any self-control over this? What did you do to resist the urge?
----------immediate responses--------

I had to realize drinking just isn't worth it for me under any circumstances. I committed to live my life in touch with my values. And I  have made sure to make myself accountable. 
"I like the buzzed feeling but not how I feel after I drink".#this.Hangxiety is crippling a guilt-laden shame-ridden anxiety-inducing horror show...Wine is my weakness too and bringing a box of cab or malbec into the house is a certain recipe for extra disaster for me...I will fight urges remain sober with you today go to sleep sober tonight and be feel proud of myself and grateful for my sobriety in the morning. 
I relate a great deal to what you wrote here. Here's what I did at that point in my life:..Last spring I started with a sober 30 days to reevaluate my relationship with wine. At 30 I felt I needed more sober time -the benefits were kicking in.. then sixty turned to ninety and I drank at a wedding when I was just shy of my hundred sober days. More bad choices followed and now I'm back again. The first weeks are hard but I find the more time I spend sober the more relieved I am about not needing to over think my drinking. It's simple I don't drink and I'm happier that way.  I'm aiming for 30 and I'm certain I'll commit to sixty at that point. I'm happier sober. I read This Naked Mind last weekend.. That offered a lot of perspective well...I hope this is of some use to you. Good luck. I will stay sober with you!
Why not show your mother this post? Would it offend her? Would she help or would she not understand? 
I tend to think in the terms of positives rather than negatives...If I want to study then naturally I stay sober..I'm also not quitting drinking but instead getting all the benefits...I sound like a broken record but 'This Naked Mind' is an ebook in the side bar that helped me loads! (It's free!)..Sober on.
You need to just man up and not drink one day.  Its hard obviously when you have a habit.  But you just gotta pull some mental gymnastics those first few days and NOT DRINK.  When it comes time to drink DO NOT DRINK.  Eventually if you keep doing this its not so hard.  Im talking like a few days to a week.  Youll start to see the benefits and be happy about yourself and that should theoretically help you keep going.
