-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/584tps/four_months_thanks_everyone_heres_an_update/

When I came here first it was around day 60. I had seen my kids once for three hours after six weeks without seeing them. My wife wouldn't talk to me. It took a courtroom drama for me to start seeing my children again. And the struggle continued...I kept doing the work on me. You'll see me go on and on about Acceptance and Commitment Therapy. After my wife left which woke me up that is what saved my life. I kept coming back here on good days and bad to seek support and give back what I could. Even AA has helped by expanding my spiritual side. If I had to choose (and fortunately I don't) I would keep /r/stopdrinking and let AA go. I sometimes wonder what AA would have looked like if Reddit were a thing when they developed it...So I keep doing the work and things keep getting better. My wife speaks to me. We spend time together. We want to be together and we're working on doing that right this time so we have something that lasts. Without my sobriety I would have lost her for good and that would have been right...Thank you all who have been here with me. Thank you all who weren't along for that part of the ride and are here now. This subreddit is a great place and helped me do great things. I hope it does the same for many others...You know what I love to say: I will not drink with you today!..
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today. Well done. Funny and strange how awful things can help us be better people. I hope things work out for you.
i am so happy for you. congratulations!
I've read so many of your words because before creating my account I still came here every day.  You are always so supportive. I am very happy that you are doing well. You've no idea how much you have helped me...I will happily and enthusiastically not drink with you today!
I am so happy for you! I am always amazed when I read such success stories! Take care :) I won't drink with you tonight!
Love reading this 
Amazing how fast things can turn around! Thanks for they inspiration
Great job 0bac!
Congrats on your success! I'm not drinking with you today. :)
Congrats on four months sober I'm inspired that you've been sobering on through tough times!
Congrats on all the improvements in your life in just four months. A great example of taking control and taking action. You are an inspiration to others here. Keep up the great living!
Very inspirational!  Sounds like things are coming around for you :)..Congrats on 4 months!  Looking forward to hearing more about your success down the road!
Congrats on the positive gains and  four months!
great job salvaging your family like a boss!..I will not drink with you today!
Thank you for sharing. Very happy to hear that your family is on much better footings. 
Congrats! I always enjoy your upbeat and caring comments. Keep it up!
What a wonderful post and Congrats on Four-Months!!  Keep doing what you're doing and Many Blessings to You!!
Congrats on the 4 months!!!! Very happy for you and your improvements. Keep on keepin' on and I won't drink with you today!
Thx Obac. Just what I needed. At Day 24 husband on the way out the door and I am scared. But I'm sober. Hopefully my situation will turn out as good as yours has... Take care.
Keep up the great work! Today I will not drink with you!
My spouse leaving me was a wake up call too and even though my story hasn't gone as well as your marriage-wise I'm still grateful :) Wonderful job on the 4 months of sobriety and changes. I use this sub solely and love it love it too!
keep up the good work.
Congrats on 4 months sobriety twin! So glad to hear things are improving with your wife and here's to many more positives changes now that the booze is behind us.
I love reading posts like this! Congrats on 4 months! My family life is improving and continues to with every day that I dont drink. Im so thankful for this sub as well. Im not sure I would be where I am without it. Ive gone to a handful of meetings myself but this place really does it for me. It's like the best meeting ever right in my pocket. Routing for you and your family!! Keep up the good work :)
I love the updates and it's really motivating for me. I can see how you all do at different days weeks months years and think I can be like that at that time. Congrats!..
Sincere congrats man. Remember this feeling and post when things inevitably get hard. Really happy for you.
I will not drink with u tonight 
Thanks for sharing your story it's lovely to hear how much getting sober improves people's lives.  I hope it continues to go well for you personally and with your relationship.
[deleted]
Thank you
