-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/585x85/drastically_cutting_down_drinking_for_fitness_and/

My history with alcohol varies a lot and i'm not dependent on alcohol but i go through periods where i will drink ever day quite a lot too; strong lager mostly (8% for example) up to say 8 in a night/day. At one point after a particularly long binge i felt withdrawals like shaking anxiety and stomach pains. That was a big wake up call for me and i realised how serious a problem alcohol can get. ..Now i've started an exercise program because i want to get fit and help towards recovering from depression which i'm doing well with. Alcohol is mostly incompatible with this so i MUST cut down and i've decided to drink one day a week and limit myself to a couple of normal strength beers. I have done this before and i can do it again it's about discipline for me...Just wanted to make this post for myself to assert to myself my plan because i've got time off work coming up and this is where i tend to be vulnerable to binge drinking so now is the time to act and make a decision. ..I will not drink this week until saturday and i will have a couple of regular strength beers later in the day (after 6pm) which i will drink slowly and enjoyably not to get drunk. Temptation will not get the best of me and i will feel a lot better; i will feel so proud of myself...Good luck to all of you fine people who struggle with alcohol. I got a small taste of the abyss that alcohol can send you down that cyclic spiral of addiction and despair which ruins people's lives and kills. I wish you all the very best and thanks very much for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck! I know my alkie brain would be focused on Saturday all week and when it arrived 2 beers would not be nearly enough...but I wish you best on your journey!
Good luck. .Your reason is actually the reason I stopped drinking (started at the gym and wanted to lose weight/get fit) .I started rationalizingin my mind more reasons to drink. Literally crying because I wanted to drink so bad and realized holy hell! I gotta quit drinking for real...Good luck on your journey wherever it takes you! 
I tried to control my drinking just like you are doing. Alcohol works until it doesn't. Good luck. I hope things go as planned. If not we're here for you. 
