-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/586bs2/pity_party_for_one/

I was sober for 272 days and then something happened and then a series of somethings happened. I don't know if I can call each one a relapse but I'm pretty sure I've drank over 4 dozen times since May and every time I'm more scared of what's become of me and lost more of who I was. ..I need some words of encouragement please. I will lose my job my husband and what's left of myself if this continues. ..This isn't me and I just want to go back to being her. ..
----------immediate responses--------

When I first got sober I thought I was going to lose the long list of valuable things in my life. Lots changed but I ended up employed with apartment with family and in the same approximate amount of debt...Perspective is a challenge when getting/staying sober. When we're looking at our own lives we're looking out through the filters of our fears and emotions. It's much different from an outsider's perspective. ..In relapse it's important to consider what made us decide to pick up again after a stretch of time. Long ago I had four months of sobriety moved and said to myself "I got this. I don't have to remain sober anymore." I proceeded to drink myself into levels of insanity...While I can't say for certain that you will/won't lose your job/husband/etc. I have a pretty good feeling you're going to be okay if you just put the drink down. Our spouses tend to love us through the best and worst of times even when it's tough to show because we all have issues that prevent us from being clear about ourselves...You're going to be just fine. You are already "her."
I have been on a journey to stop my drinking patterns since March with attempts at sober days since late April. Since then I've drank multiple times had a few goes at sobriety that lasted a few to one day and have generally done poorly at getting things under control...As I kept searching for why I drank and kept reading on ways not to something started to click and moved me from feeling like a complete slave to alcohol to having control over my life. Over the last 3-4 weeks I've found a better way  more self-insight and more resolve that I can stop this hurtful destructive pattern. I'm hoping this newest go is going to stick...You surely learned so much about yourself and your relationship with alcohol both during your sobriety and during this latest vacation with alcohol. I know it must be crushing to go back after so long moving forward but no one and nothing can take that sober time away from you not even alcohol with all her cunning coniving lies. ..Don't let her win. You are here now and that matters a lot! You can always pick back up where you left off..How can we help you find the peace you're looking for? How can we help you regain your sobriety? .I think a great place to start is with forgiving and loving yourself...Welcome back. I know you can move forward. We're here for the journey with you.
Glad you're here.  ..I have compassion for your struggles...You've got the formula.  You know how to be successful!..Sometimes it just takes a kick start to get going..........So ponder this:  what was working during the 272 days?..And:  what else could bolster the support tools and resources?..You got some solid time under your belt.  I think of it as you built the foundation of a solid skyscraper.  Then walked away from that.  You can use that and keep building the Sober Skyscraper!  ..Adding floors.........Just for today I forgo ONE drink - The First One
This has to be the absolute hardest thing we can face.  Some talk of those first days or weeks being rough.  But what about when we've come as far as you have - and everything goes south?  I wish to hell I knew how to handle that.  I'm sure my day(s) of reckoning will come.  I won't throw any platitudes your way - but 272 seems like a damn big number to me.  At SD they call it resetting their badge but I think the real point is that we have to reset ourselves.  Since you are uncharted waters for me so far I'm very much interested in your thoughts your plan and anything you can find to get yourself back on path.  I will look for your future posts in hope of finding what you learn along the way.  I'm fairly certain that i may need to draw upon your lessons myself...And for what its worth - anyone who makes it that far (272) clearly has something going for them.  Get back to whatever got you that far and for the love of all concerned - mostly yourself - find your way back.  I'll be keeping an especially good set of wishes for you in my heart.
Your spouse will leave you.  Mine finally did...That's what made me stop.  Little too late honestly.  Perhaps you can stop now before it's over.  ..Get some blood work done maybe to see your liver enzyme count and other levels....Perhaps seeing it will help.
