-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58a5r0/its_time_to_make_a_change/

I've struggled with alcohol for a long time. I've told myself that I can control it but when I take a minute to be honest - I know I can't. This realization tends to come to me the loudest after about my 8th drink. So I have two more because I feel sorry for myself then go to bed or just fall asleep on the couch...From the outside my life is great. I have a good career a loving girlfriend pets friends and hobbies. Yet for some reason I will consume 8 - 12 drinks pretty much every day. The streak I am currently coming off of has been about 3 weeks long (though I honestly can't remember) and it all started because I had 'a couple' beers with a coworker. ..One thing I've realized about myself is that I don't like to be bad at things. This mindset has extended itself into my consumption of alcohol. Yesterday while having beers over lunch with my coworkers I bragged that I could still function in the office after 4 or 5 if I really had to. ..After saying it out loud I realized how stupid it is to be proud of something like that. ..I need to help myself realize that drinking isn't rebellious. I'm a man in my 30's not some teenager having a wild Wednesday night. Alcohol is blurring my life away hurting my body my bank account and the only way to stop it is to completely quit. ..I have tears in my eyes writing this. It's been a long time coming and I've been too embarrassed to tell anyone how much of I've been struggling. I have lurked on here before but today I've decided to share a little bit about myself. ..I can already feel my brain trying to work around the idea of not drinking trying to fabricate situations where it would be ok to have 'just one or two'. ..But not today. ..Today I will not drink. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations I made the first step today too. Like you I've been thinking 'oh 1 won't hurt' or 'if I make it a week I'll reward myself with a drink' that kind of thing but it takes strength and courage to get those out your mind. And you've proven to yourself that you have those. Good luck man you got this.
Hello and welcome /u/NotDrunkDJ. Thank you for coming out of lurkdom. I needed all the support I could find because I didn't know how to build a sober happy life on my own. I hope you find what you need. 
Glad you're here Welcome!..There are lots of tools resources and support here!..Ready to stop?  Or something else?..Just for today I forgo ONE drink - The First One
Welcome. Well written post. I definitely feel you on the honesty part. After numerous attempts at rationalizing justifying accepting etc. my drinking problem it was a relief (difficult yes but really beneficial and I'm very happy today) to not just be honest but be willing to make a change. I also had worries and thoughts in which my mind would think certain situations would be okay to drink again. Its normal part of the process. The biggest thing for me is what you are doing: not drinking today. I reached out to a friend and he emphasized that its just one day at a time for all of us. I was highly nervous lots going on in my mind and worried that I was like some sort of Pok mon and only having a day or two sober there was no way in hell I could survive or match others sober Pok mons like my friend who has 4+ years sober. But he continued to hammer home that it is day by day hour by hour minute by minute. Yes one learns more with time and develops coping strategies and how to deal with personal issues but its still a day at a time for all of us. Take care and I won't drink with you today!
I know the feeling of not wanting to be bad at something. But once I started owning "I am bad at drinking" but "I am so good at so many other things" is when I got the strength to quit. Moderating just isn't an option for me I don't have an off switch. That's ok. I have a ton of other great things going for me that don't involve alcohol. Making a gratitude list for whenever I have a craving was suggested to me here and it's helped. I won't drink with you tonight.
