-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58r5ja/trying_to_figure_out_how_to_go_about_this/

howdy. ..i'm a 24 year old guy who moved out to LA at the beginning of this year. i moved out here for a couple of reasons: ..1. felt "bored".2. love.3. weather (isn't that why everyone's here?).4. felt myself slipping in NYC. distracted by partying and lost sight of my life. ..Since moving out here life's been different. I'm in a serious relationship I'm away from all of my friends i'm in a new job. ya know changes. I moved out here to improve my life and I'm still wanting to better myself: clean up my act soul search all that good stuff. I recently started going to a therapist and one of our biggest talking points is that it's pretty clear I have a problem with alcohol. ..I'm a heavy drinker with a high tolerance. My drinking habits: .-I like to have a glass of wine or a beer after work during the work week. .-If I'm out to dinner at least two glasses of wine or two cocktails. More than one but not binging. .-If I'm going out dancing or out with friends I'm getting drunk. I'll start buying gin and tonics and I don't know how many I've had. .-- I only find myself really hating my alcohol consumption when I'm frequently getting wasted. In NY I was drinking a lot. A LOT. Out here in LA I still do but since I'm a little more conscious of my choices due to less distractions. .--- At this point you should know that I'm struggling to figure out if I'm trying to talk down my drinking. Basically I definitely have a dependence on it to make social situations a bit easier. I'm an extrovert but I've definitely built up anxiety over the years (unsure exactly why). I get too wasted from time to time. My tolerance is through the roof. Can I live a life without this in the future? ..I feel that my life is at a crossroads and where I'm stuck right now is how to go about changing my relationship with alcohol. As a young gay man Los Angeles is a great place to meet others in similar predicaments and learn to get clean. My hardest struggle right now is whether alcohol is something I need to completely banish from my life or if there is a way to control it. I battle with this: I know that its smart and beneficial to cut it out but I hate the idea of not being able to have a glass of wine at dinner or a beer on the beach. It's just all these casual light drinking situations that I don't want to miss out on. It's funny because as I write this I clearly see that it consumes my mind beyond what I guess should be considered "normal". ..I want to casually drink and stop the heavy drinking nights and be like a "normal" person who doesn't think about alcohol the way I have been since starting therapy. As I've gotten more in touch with myself and the roots of my bigger issues alcohol does seem to play a big part. This is the first time in years I've felt the urge to develop a career more in line with my passions. I want to be more in touch with my emotions I want to be the best version of myself I can be. These past couple years have been defined by socially drinking making friendships with roots in partying and inebriation and the like. ..I guess I'm just really having a hard time accepting that cutting it out completely is going to make me happier. I'm hating the idea of being the sober guy at the party after always being a guy who is fun loving and never reallllly out of hand. I'm a fun happy functioning drunk. It just feels like my problem hasn't been apparent enough where I can completely convince myself that total abstinence is the right choice. ..Please give me any and all advice that you can get. I'm gonna try and make it into a meeting soon. When I am actively trying to say "don't drink cut it out of your life" it feels a bit extreme. It's so foreign to me and those around me. ..TL;DR- My drinking habits don't make me feel like I need to completely cut alcohol out of my life but I don't know if I'm going to be able to get where I want without quitting entirely. I need advice. (I suck at TL;DR and there's so much more to it. So if you have the time please read above.) 
----------immediate responses--------

I think an important question to ask yourself is why do you hate the thought of not being able to have wine with dinner? What is behind that?..Also something I have been thinking about a lot lately: What is alcohol adding to my life that is of value? For me personally I could not come up with even a single legitimate answer but I could come up with more than 10 things it was taking away from me. (I was not an every day drinker I was a wine with dinner and drunk on the weekends out with friends drinker... but more often than not I drank way more than I intended to and felt shitty about it and sometimes did shitty things.)..I also have moved quite a few times in the last 5 years and in my experience whenever I am somewhere new the drinking is more tame. Which I think is partly because I am subconsciously more cautious as I am not yet in a comfort zone there and partially the result of not having developed my habits there yet. Usually they catch up eventually and I realize nothing has changed.
Welcome I'm glad you're here...I was looking at my journal tonight and one year ago tomorrow I was having conversations exactly like this with myself. One of the things I've learned this year: I don't have to figure out forever I only have to figure out the next right thing...For a while that was stringing together a few days here and there which stretched into 37 days in Feb/March. After some time moderating so I wouldn't "miss out" I decided to abstain. Now I'm nearly four months in and I don't miss it at all. But it was a process to get to this point...In the sidebar there's a link to a free copy of This Naked Mind. It helped me immensely...Wishing you joy and love and peace as you figure out your next right thing.
A big help for me was reading "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace. It is available free - there is a link in the side bar. It will answer questions you may not even know you had.
[deleted]
You may be surprised that you can be a "guy who is fun loving and never really out if hand" without any alcohol...Since alcohol is a depressant numbs emotions reduces cognitive functions encourages inappropriate actions and language wouldn't you think that all thise attributes would *increase* sans alcohol?..I'm better at all those things *unimpaired*...Many people take 30 days off from alcohol and it answers all their questions!..Just for today I forgo ONE drink -The First One
In my 20s I was a single-drink-a-night guy who binged on the weekends.  Then it was a stressful Tuesday and I had a couple of drinks that night.  Then it was a party Thursday and hey it was almost Friday works not too busy tomorrow have 7...Only took about 10 years to be getting drunk daily.  Not saying it happens to everyone but it got easier and easier in my late 20s and 30s to justify one more then one more.....Alcohol resulted in an awful lot of bad choices over the years...I thought it was fueling the fun but looking back it might have derailed the real fun I could have had being young enjoying my career my friends etc.  Good luck thinking it through!  I agree that This Naked Mind is worth a read.
This sounds so simple and silly but it helped me in the beginning to realize that fun/happiness and alcohol were not as connected as I thought. Have you had a fun time without alcohol? Have you had a not at all fun time WITH alcohol? It's no wonder we associate alcohol with fun because that's what we always see. Commercials movies music memes whatever. The message is everywhere. Nobody is saying "Get up early meditate eat a healthy breakfast and go for a walk to have a good time!" (Well here they are but you know what I mean) There are lots of people in the world who do not drink and they have fun. They have happy times. Without alcohol! (Again I know that sounds so simple and obvious but it was like this A-HA moment for me)..I had to stop making excuses for alcohol and realize it wasn't what I was making it in my head. Once I peeled back the curtain it didn't feel so much like by not drinking I was depriving myself of something. Stopping was a gift to my mental and physical health. ..Stopping has also shown me how much alcohol was contributing to my social anxiety and my anxiety in general. I didn't expect that to be the case at all--I was drinking to DEAL with my anxiety wasn't I? I was stuck in a cycle where I drank to feel better because drinking was making me feel worse. ..I have made it a point in sobriety to try to be that fun happy person that I thought I was when I drank. I decided to be a "Yes person". I always say yes to plans and activities (so long as they don't threaten my sobriety). I followed a bunch of local pages on Facebook (parks neighborhoods local publications theaters) and if I see something that looks fun I do it! If a friend says "I've been wanting to go check out that new book store" then I say "Cool let's go!" ..Sorry if this was all over the place. I kept being interrupted and losing my train of thought. Best wishes to you!
