-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58ru8t/three_weeks_in/

20 days ago I was on my fourth or fifth vodka. I started the evening with a bottle of wine. And let's be honest here these were not normal vodkas. These were 2/3rds of the glass of vodka a splash of soda so I could pretend a bit and hammer time. It was probably a half bottle or so.   .    .Honestly I had a great conversation with a guy I know loosely and he was pretty gracious as I explained my issues with my wife and my loneliness and sadness. He spoke a bit about "figuring out what my real issues were" and taking time to be mindful and careful of myself. I think it was like lancing an infection. He didn't say "don't drink". He didn't argue with me. He listened. He talked about himself and his struggles with life. He didn't judge. He just accepted what and who I was at that time. I have friends I have known for 25 years I couldn't say the things I said to him. I owe him a debt.   ..I drank that night but I drank out of habit. And I woke up that next morning feeling like death and hate and day old skunk poop. And I was sorta done. As the hours moved on I got more done.    .    .The next few days were awful. Constant head ringing trembling weakness fog and funk. But I didn't drink. I slept some ate some stumbled around and phoned it in. And I didn't drink. And I got out of my head a little bit. I didn't micromanage myself I just set one very small goal. Make it through the next hour. Next half day. Next evening. Next day. And tonight I hit 20 days without a drink. And I haven't even come close. I think if I did pick up a drink I wouldn't put it down. I have no choices after the first one. But I absolutely own the first one. That first one is all in my power. It is all up to me. And tonight like other nights this last few weeks tonight I am not a drinker. Tonight I will not have one. Tonight well tonight is mine. I wish you all the strength you need to not take number one. ..EDIT: words
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this post. It gives me courage.
That guy sounds like a very decent dude have you seen him since? Sounds like he could be a good friend. ..Thanks for sharing I agree that it's just the first drink we need to worry about.  Nice one for almost reaching 3 weeks. ..I'll not be drinking with you today. I'll keep that first domino standing! 
But I absolutely own the first one..Well said. Extinguishes the ongoing battle for moderation game. 
Hello what a fantastic post!! You have really laid it bare and told it exactly like it is !! If you need a little distraction and counterbrainwashing  you may find Allen Carrs Easyway to control Alcohol or This Naked Mind by Annie Grace really helpful.  They are basically really great at changing the way your brain views alcohol and when you begin to think of it differently it can make you relax alot more. Alot of people here have found them and also other self help books a real plus! Big well done on 20 days that is fantastic!
Yes I love it. We own the first one. I must remember that. I will not drink with u tonight 
I can identify with you so much with it being in that "first one". That "first one" recently ended up becoming a few days and a complete loss of control. Congratulations on taking that control back. Also that guy sounds like he could be a great friend. 
