-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58scry/the_man_ive_become/

There are a lot of great things about quitting drinking but tonight I was thinking about the people I've met since I quit.  Inevitably you are going to meet new people and those people will have never known you to have a drink.  I've been seeing someone for about 6 months and I quit drinking a little over 7 months ago.  She has never seen me drunk or even better she has never seen me ever drink alcohol at all.  This is probably one of my favorite things about quitting.    .I've also had countless people tell me they respect it and wish they could do the same.  I felt inspired to quit and I am in turn inspiring others to want to do the same.  It is an encouraging feeling and has only made me happier to continue on this path.  Even more encouraging is the fact that I have absolutely no desire to drink. At all. And I am surrounded by alcohol for over 45 hours a week.     .Compared to my first few weeks of suffering and struggling I am worlds away.  Watching my number on this subreddit continue to grow to 226 has been a huge help.  Team Schweppes Raspberry Lime!
----------immediate responses--------

Great post man that is an inspiring post. Congratulations on your achievement thus far I wish you all the best on the continuation of your journey !! :)
I never thought about it like that ! That is interesting. When I meet someone new they never knew what alcohol did to me never saw the drunk me. This is very profound! Thanks for sharing this !
Solid Post!  Sometimes quickly sometimes slowly.....but always ...... The benefits accrue!  ..Isn't it wonderful when the struggle stops?  No more urges cravings thinking about it?..I cossed some other threshold where I actually have an aversion to alcohol similar to second hand smoke!..Never never never.....thought this could happen!  Ecstasy !..Just for today I forgo ONE drink - The First One
Huge congrats to you my friend! Thanks for sharing reminds me that there is light at the end of the tunnel...
What an inspirational post!  Thanks for giving me a great thought to start my day.  It just keeps getting better!
Congrats. I had my drinking buddy tell me she gas been trying to cut back also down to once a week. I am tired of being the one that helps everyone and I am left to deal with my stuff alone. I think this is why I love this site. Everyone is so supportive of each other. It is not one sided  I will not drink with u tonight 
Awesome post and thanks for sharing! Congratulations!
Great post! And good job on staying sober man! I'm looking forward to this and loving the feeling of being sober day after day. It's like I'm rediscovering my own personality every day the cloud of alcohol has lifted.
Hey we have the same amount of days! Nice job dude!
Thank you for this!!!  I'm like 2-3 days away from being able to safely have 0 drinks in a day.  Maybe can do it Monday.  Nothing is really standing in my way except fear of abruptly going from where I am now (3/day) to 0 in one shot.  So 2 tonight 1 Sunday night...maybe 0 on Monday?  ..I honestly have no desire to drink either...just a decades-long habit and fear of what it's like NOT to drink...I can hardly wait to be free of this burden.
Thanks for this.  I love coming here to learn of the unexpected goodness that comes from keeping faithful to the goal.  Nice work!
