-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58tqfr/dangwhat_a_difference_6_months_has_made/

I have to admit that the big 6 kind of snuck up on me.  Ive checked here at least once a week since I stopped and I have to say that if there was ONE thing that I could point to that kept me sober - it was checking here to read other peoples success and struggles.  ..I guess I was pretty lucky as outside of having to fight off that saboteur that sits on my shoulder I haven't found myself going nuts wanting a drink.  The sabotaging voice gets quieter and quieter every day but once in a while it acts up like it needs to be heard.  Coming here seems to be it's kryptonite...Lot's to be grateful for and I wanted to share my quick and dirty list of what not drinking has meant to me..* Sleep...precious sleep.  I sleep sooo much better.* Clarity.  I remember things now.  I think better and focus better..* Normal poop.  Nuff said.* My moods are much more even keeled.  Emotions just don't seem to get the best of me anymore.* I find that I am better organized/less messy.* My personal productivity is off the charts.  I've started 2 new business's a website hired 2 territory reps and for the 1st time in my 59 years I'm beginning to think that I very well might be able to have a decent retirement.  My customers respond better and I think they find that I am more approachable and likable.* My family seems to enjoy being around me more .* My luck is better - ha...go figure.  Like Thomas Jefferson said 'the harder I work the luckier I get'.  I work MUCH harder than I did when I drank and I love every minute of it..* Last but not least - I like me now.  I'm proud of myself and life is worth living...For you newbies - stick with it..fight off the saboteur by exposing it to the words found here.  Let him see that you are exposing yourself to the truth and aware of the pain pitfalls and happiness of not listening to his seductive crap.  You got this...Today I won't drink with you.  
----------immediate responses--------

Damn that's great! Congrats!
Awesome!.
Excellent! Love the Jefferson quote.
Wow nice post.  I might print this out to keep me motivated for 6 mo.  I could really use some personal success right now.  Things are steady but not very rewarding.  I'm of an age that retirement is no longer just a word.  I hope I can get it together to enjoy that part of life.  ..Looking forwards to 60 days now as my next milestone one day at a time of course.
Good stuff thanks!
&gt; My personal productivity is off the charts...This! I was always hard-working and productive but now I think my team is starting to wonder if I'm superwoman...Congratulations on six months that's a huge step. And thanks for the encouragement to us newbies! 
Holy shit!  Awesome job.  Great to read that things have improved so much.  Keep it going!
[deleted]
Good stuff very happy for you and your positive changes!
Congratulations on 6 months! Posts like this make each day worth it.
Awesome! I love that you like yourself. There's a poem part of which is "for it isn't your father or mother or wife whose judgement upon you must pass the fellow who's verdict counts most in this life is the one staring back from the glass". I hope to someday feel the same as you! 
I love the mental clarity and emotional stability. I started noticing that this week. 
Great work- this is an awesome post! Thank you for the inspiration
[deleted]
Double-dang.  Read re-read and will read again.  Thank you OneMoreDay.  Going to save this one.  Not drinking with you today... and hopefully tomorrow as well...
wow fantastic!  what type of businesses did you start?
woot! 
Thanks for the encouragement and congrats!
I needed your post. I'm at 2 weeks tomorrow and am still planning on potentially drinking during our family holiday vacation this year. I don't know if I'm stopping forever but am in a similar situation. I started my own business this year and am working full time during the day. Plus I'm a Mom and wife. I can already see my organization and focus getting better each day. I can smell when others are hung over at work and I have been doing a lot more at night when I would normally be passed out on the couch. Driving to the grocery store running a quick errand used to be on the back burner if I started drinking. I might be coming around to this not drinking thing. It started out as support for my husband and to lose weight but things are looking up. I will not drink with you today. 
hell yea man. nice one
That's beautiful man like really ! 
Sat on a train with a hangover after a night out with hazy recollections of stumbling around like toddler and causing my Mrs unnecessary worry. I think it might be time to put a stop to it. Thanks for the inspiring words OP :) .
Thank you!
Good work..
Yesyesyes to all the reasons except work (retired). 
Thanks so much for writing this! Your post gives me hope and optimism. 
