-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58y5kx/caved_in_to_a_craving/

I'm desperate to quit drinking. Well I say desperate... I want to quit drinking between the hours of 8am and 4pm and would seriously love a drink between the hours of 4pm and 8pm. 2/3 teetotal 1/3 drunk that's me. Or maybe it's 2/3 hungover and 1/3 drunk? Who knows.....It's a schizophrenic existence simultaneously wanting and not wanting to do the same thing at the same time but I'm learning more about it. The 2/3rds teetotal me is my rational conscious mind speaking using logic and reason. The 1/3rd drunk me is my emotional subconscious mind speaking from my suggestible yet deeply held beliefs...Before last night I had been sober for 5 days. This may not sound a lot in the grand scheme of things but for me that's as good as it gets. I always say the longest I've been sober since I became a heavy drinker is a week but I don't really remember could be a little more could be a little less. But it's a good ball park figure and watermark for me...Yesterday - my first sober Saturday in a long long time - was a great day. Emphasis on the word DAY here. I was productive energetic in a good mood. I even had a conversation with one of my housemates which when in the throes of drinking I'm too anxious to do. That's the one thing I overlook when it comes to alcohol. Sure I lose my energy money and self-respect but I also lose my confidence. When I'm released from the jaws of booze free and sober I'm actually a relatively confident and affable person. In the grips of booze I become socially anxious and paranoid...Then evening came along. I was watching the new series of Black Mirror which is bloody brilliant. Because of its brilliance I thought  wouldn't a bottle of wine be an excellent accompaniment to this series. I'm enjoying myself why not dabble in a bit of poison to enhance the situation.  This thinking is insane. And it didn't enhance the situation at all! It just numbed me made me sloppy. Black Mirror isn't exactly easy watching you have to  concentrate. Towards the end of the evening I was struggling to keep up because of the wine. It made me stupid basically...I've gained two things from this experience: a headache and a lesson. Next Saturday night will be tough I need to be prepared. So next Saturday night from about 5pm onwards I will just come onto SD all night until I go to sleep with only a fridge full of soda and food to keep me company. SD is great for counteracting craves but when the craves are as intense as they were last night just a little dabble won't suffice...Sorry for the ramble. Here's to my sober square one.
----------immediate responses--------

Good post (I'll have to check out black mirror btw)
I was a daily daytime drinker. It took a long time to be able to string together two three and four days. So I get what an accomplishment five days is! I like that you're writing down and committing to what you learned. I did the same and those lessons added up over time to completely change my mindset and to give me strength. ..This Naked Mind helped immensely too. Especially chapter 13 when I realized the lessons I was observing (like you record here) were a very powerful tool in resolving the internal conflict between wanting to drink and not wanting to drink...It's not easy but it is worth it. Good luck friend! Not drinking with you.
It may not be anything new but in my opinion days 4-7 are the most dangerous in recovery. First few days you are all about quitting. You are in the mindset of winning. After 3 days you sort of won something. You are doing good and you want validation or reward for your effort. Or realIty without booze sets in and now you want to loosen up the tension a bit... What's the most wanted/craved thing in the world at that point? Alcohol. You say just one or two as a reward or as a social lubricant or as a mood picker upper. Minute you have that sip you threw your days away. At that point you might as well keep going. I had many days 1-3 but few day 5s or 6. Whenever this happens to me I used it as a learning tool. I went thru my mental check list and started over. Sooner or later I get to the point in my sobriety that I want because with every relapse or slip you want it more. 
I can relate to this feat of illogical reasoning it's led me to drink many many times and plunged my happiness from a 15 on a scale of 10 to a negative 900...Staying sober with you today!..
+1 for "This Naked Mind." It talks exactly about that inner tension. What helped me is realizing that the "wow I'm feeling better and really enjoying life" feeling was my body finally getting over the last binge not signaling it was time to start the next one. All the best to you!
