-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58yvhu/im_starting_to_feel_good_like_really_good/

Since I last drank I've had two therapist appointments one doctor appointment scheduled an exam I've needed for years been repeatedly complimented on my efficiency at work reconnected with three separate longterm friends I've been neglecting and regained the ability to look myself in the face in the mirror. My memory has improved immensely and I even feel more articulate. Overall I look and feel healthier in a significant way...I got on beta blockers earlier this week and the effects have been good already. Phone calls at work don't leave me sweating and shaking. I feel calm and steady when I drive. I still worry and struggle with intrusive thoughts but being able to quell the physical effects of anxiety is improving my quality of life in a big way. I like my doctor and am gradually becoming less suspicious of my therapist. I feel like I'm being listened to and empowered with the help I need. I'm so lucky to finally have decent insurance and sad that it took so long. Hell I'm fortunate in general to have gotten to this point. I didn't die. I'm out the other side. Things are finally FINALLY looking up...I am humbled and thankful for my three weeks today sitting here with my coffee on this peaceful Sunday morning. I hope you can all find a moment of peace today too.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!! That's wonderful!
Great job!  I finally got insurance two years ago after theee years of not having it.  It took less than 20 minutes.  Amazing how much not drinking helps!..EDIT:  does your therapist specialize in addiction?  I am doing outpatient and the therapist I work with is amazing.  I have seen regular therapists here and there but could never really connect.  THis one seems so much better maybe because she is so well versed in addiction?
Awesome post! I'm so happy for you that things are going so well. In case you haven't heard it in a while - I'm proud of you and glad you shared this with us. ..High five
So happy for you; love hearing stories how people feel so much better! I have already started feeling better both physically and mentally and every night I've been going to bed clear-headed and I can't wait to see the positive changes I could feel the next day when I wake up. Definitely helps keep me motivated! Keep on keep'n on! Have a great Sunday!.
Congrats. I love the good feeling. I will not drink with u tonight 
Get it!!..yes! 
So pleased for you well done on 3 weeks :)
I'm happy for you congratulations. :)
Great work!  Looking forward to getting back there.  Stay strong and congrats!
Good for you! Happy to hear the positives! Keep it up!
Congratulations! Love that things are going so well! I am only 5 days in but feeling great!.
This is really good to hear. Congrats! How did you feel around the two week mark? I feel crappy right not and looking forward to feeling better.
I read this and started thinking that this is a person not only looking at their self in the mirror again but facing their realities. The problems created in my life by drinking are tempting to avoid even if not drinking. But by far my sobriety is best rewarded by facing the problems in a measured way and reducing the anxiety and uncertainty around them. Looking at the facts and going about improving them one thing at a time one day at a time. ..Doctors appointments therapy repairing strained relationships are all signs of long term sobriety in my opinion. A way to start on a path that is connected and true starting from where I am today. A way to find a genuine self that doesn't need numbness and escape by alcohol who shows resilience. I'm inspired by your post and best of luck to your long-term health and happiness! Sounds like it's going great so far. 
Woo hoo
Well done! Have to admit I'm slightly envious - I've seen/made improvements but not that dramatic. Congrats for all you're doing to better yourself (appointments reconnecting with friends ...). Also on beta blockers here and they have definitely helped in the way you describe..
This is excellent! Congratulations on feeling good! :)..I think simply the act of *doing* - of moving forward with life - can be incredibly empowering. As recovering drunks we spend so much time fearful of temptation it's easy to lose sight of well *LIFE*. Filling those moments when we used to drink with all the actual minutiae of living is a good thing no matter how tedious it seems. It's important to focus on how to make positive changes in your life rather than simply white-knuckling the alcohol avoidance. ..Every day I try to think "What can I do *today* to improve my life in some way?" I've already got the "not drinking" covered (that is a given) but what else can I do? Even if it's just successfully completing my morning routine (wake up make the bed exercise meditate eat bathe hit my morning AA meeting) - I can feel like I've taken positive steps toward maintaining my sobriety. Even if the rest of the day winds up a wash I can at least say I accomplished something. ..The toughest thing for me to realize within the last 30 days of my sobriety is that in spite of being sober I am not perfect. Sure the booze definitely wasn't helping but being free of it I'm now faced with all my flaws raw and naked and I can't blame them on drinking because I know they have been part of me for my entire life. At least I can be more *mindful* of my behavior now and work to correct it...My husband and I have a daily thing we do. When he gets home from work we take a walk and ask each other "How were you victorious today?" Even if all I can say is "I didn't drink today" that is something worth celebrating. Most days there's at least one other thing I can mention in addition to that. ..How were you victorious today?
YAY!
Gratitude is pretty pivotal in my recovery. Good luck bud. 
I know what you mean I feel much more articulate and overall more cognitively sharp now!
Beautifully written thank you for sharing. I won't drink with you today
Lovely post. Thank you for sharing. Makes me excited for when I reach 21 days :)
That's called the pink cloud and it's almost certain to go away but it will come back... Eventually. It took a whike to come back for me but I just kept using the feeling that you're feelingnow as motivation. Like "I want to feel that way again and alcohol will just take me back to step 1"
