-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5907el/i_feel_all_the_feels_pt_2/

I previously wrote about my experiences before getting sober [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52l4zd/i_feel_all_the_feels/). I was told that I should write about what happened afterward...As my friends fell apart held at gunpoint on various occasions for bad deals they'd started making I needed to walk away. I wish I could say that I'd done it right and done it honestly but I told my boyfriend at the time that I was house sitting for my family and left with my things the only one of us knowing that it would be the last time I walked out that door. What I did with this knowledge however was spend the evening with a new friend with whom I'd bonded over the loss of a close friend. I did copious amounts of cocaine wasted by the fifth of whiskey I drowned it in and invited him to bed...The next day I woke up in my parents' back yard my shirt was wide open bare skin and I had a pillow under my head. I was wet from the sprinklers. I had no idea what time it was wondering if my family had returned. I realized with relief that it was only 7am that was my only concern that I'd be caught or that the neighbors had seen and would tell. Not what I'd done or how I ended up there...I had several texts from my friend for the night telling me that he'd taken the liquor and blow to make things easier to clean up. He'd left the pillow under my head but couldn't get me to move from the yard. He hoped this wasn't a one-off I didn't have the nerve to respond...I cleaned what I could showered shampooing and soaping myself up five six times to wash away the smell. My family would want to see me and speak to me and I couldn't look like hell. They thought I was sober I'd maintained the appearance for more than a year at that point having no idea that when I told them I was at my apartment 2 hours away I was 20 minutes from them living in a trapped out house in the worst part of town pretending I had a new family...I ignored the boyfriend for several days not willing to face up to what I'd done (actually I just didn't want to have to explain it to him the prospect annoyed me more than anything). At this point I had several magnum bottles of white wine under my bathroom sink at all times. I'd sit on the beautifully expensive tile floor in my bathroom hearing my dog pace in excitement that I was awake outside my bedroom door taking as many gulps out of the bottle that I could stomach. ..This was every night and I spent every day sick as a dog. I told them it was allergies that my room smelled like liquor because of my electronic cigarette so many excuses that they believed at face value...The boyfriend was easy enough to handle I told him I wasn't coming back and felt no remorse. I had taken to blaming him for my problem with the cocaine and otherwise...I told them I was dating the friend from that night I told him we'd date he seemed like the type that wouldn't question or challenge me. We spent a month and a half me living the way I needed to him ignoring it. We went on a trip with his family I wet the bed and barely remember the trip. I remember trying to cut up a steak and almost breaking my plate from the pressure everyone staring at me in horror. I remember his mother pulling him aside to ask why every trash can was full of beer cans which was when I started shoving them into my backpack. I remember pouring several beers down before a 6am fishing trip I do not remember...5 days after my birthday my new boyfriend and I went out to a bar for "dinner". I typically did not drink before coming home I knew I had to face the family I was now forced to live with with nowhere else to run. Tonight I figured I'd keep it under control. Spoiler: I did not...I do not remember a good portion of that night. I remember shouting about our dead friend how she'd done this to us and I remember my mother tucking me into her bed. The next morning she told me she hadn't slept and had sat outside my door listening to make sure I was breathing. At the time this annoyed me. I found it dramatic...After a long drawn-out screaming match with her and with my father on speaker phone from across the country we decided I'd go to outpatient. I'd appease them as best I could knowing I still had my bottles under the sink to fall back on. I'd give it a try the sobriety thing if only because I had nothing else to fall back on. I would be homeless if I didn't try. ..I maintained the lie at outpatient that I'd been sober for a year relapsed for one night was very sorry I had. I was told simply to go to AA and I maintained the lie for months until I couldn't face my sponsor anymore without telling her. I had gained *morals*. What the shit?..I knew I was an alcoholic for years it just mattered how much I gave a fuck. A codependent relationship and the threat of losing everything I had led me to give just enough of a fuck to let the miracle happen. Sometimes it's not pretty and sometimes it's not for the right reasons but this sobriety thing eventually worked for me...I never intended to stay sober but I can't describe how grateful I am to AA for giving my life a fucking purpose. Those old friends are still out there still dropping off like flies to death and to jails but I have a choice today how my life turns out.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome story. Thank you for sharing :)
I have been waiting for part two!  Thank you!!!
Hoping there will be a next installment that brings us more up to date on your amazing 500+ days sober. 
&gt;I never intended to stay sober..That makes two of us. But I do now.
