-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/590jyb/this_is_difficult_again/

From January til mid July of this year I'd abstained completely from alcohol except for a tiny one day mishap in late January but for the most part I'd had this whole sobriety thing down.. Sort of. I was still abusing kratom (opioid-like plant) until June then July hit.. Relapsed half way through July I drank three times & didn't like it. I thought 'Okay cool. I guess I just don't like drinking anymore'..Well I took this girl out on a date in August & felt nervous before it so I chugged a little solo thing of boxed wine & felt good. Not drunk just chill. We had a great time. Boom. That's when the full blown alcoholism hit me again. Except this time worse than ever before. I was drinking during the day now at work while driving. I didn't give a shit. I was fired from my job August 25 for being drunk at work...Found another job at a restaurant lasted a month (not because of alcohol but because I hated everyone there) & now after a week of unemployment I've finally gotten my job in construction back. I've been fucked up pretty much every day for two months & I'm a fucking slave to alcohol yet again. I didn't think it would/could happen again but it did & this time worse than ever before. ..I didn't think it could happen to me. After five months of sobriety I hardly thought about alcohol anymore (even though I was still taking drugs) but here I am again day two of no alcohol & it's difficult again. I'd love to hear whatever words of advice y'all have for me this time around. I wanna stay on this ship it just feels very rocky for me right now I feel I could fall off any moment. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Well you've admitted to wanting to stop and it seems very sincere at best. I don't know how often you come on this site but I've been over- whelmed w/ all the support and being able to relate to the majority of everyone on here which has been tremendously helpful and motivating as this is my first week ever in 10 years of being completely sober. Stay strong and read through these posts for support. Comment reply vent if you need to and keep us updated on your progress. You can do this! You certainly seem to want to! I will not drink with you today!
Hang in there man! It's worth it.
This is me too.  I was sober for six months thinking "I got this I don't even think about booze anymore..." Two months later I was deeper down the rabbit hole than before and stayed there for 2 years and 6 months until I found this place and began the long arduous climb up. You have more tools than last time.  You can do this. I won't drink with you today.
The most important day is today. Try to keep your mind moving forward and use all the resources at your disposal to help guide you through those difficult thoughts. I didn't find a lot of help through AA either but this sub has been a huge asset in my life. Not only for its convience but also the great people who contributed and support each other. I'd like to wish you the best with your sobriety we got your back. 
Here's my words of advice- don't drink today...Think about the times you've fucked up before- what made you want to drink? If you feel like that today know that it's more important that you don't drink more than anything else. Goal one for today is for your head to hit that pillow sober as shit. Not drinking is never a bad idea...The past couple of days have been kind of rough for me. I thought about how my day would be different if I let myself drink again. I thought about the somehow comforting feeling of being miserable and drunk every night was. Then I thought about yesterday. The week before. Two months ago. The whole last year. How much better *that* was than when I was drunk every day. Maybe you should think about how that 5 months was better than the last two. ..You can do this. You've already done this! For five months! You can do it again.
One of the best pieces of advice I've been given is "sobriety is a race with no finish line". Trying to stay humble and not thinking you don't have a problem.
