-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5913h1/strugglerelapse_here_we_go_again/

Things start to go well. They start to look up. Another stint in rehab completed another month of sobriety achieved. Pick up your chip pick up your tag. Hey you earned it!..And here we go again...The thoughts set in. They began as fleeting reservations. You know I'm doing so well! Enrolled in university. College freshman at 25 but hey gotta start somewhere. Gonna get a part-time job. 2 months sober. Handling life. Maybe I can handle a glass of wine...So you try a glass of wine. It turns into a week long bender. You miss class you no call-no show to the new job you adore. You steal your roommate's beer. One glass of wine led to the inevitable unraveling of a new life so carefully constructed. And of course this always happens. EVERY FUCKING TIME...Tomorrow morning I have an exam in a course I'm already failing. It determines whether I have a chance in barely passing. Instead of buckling down instead of chugging espresso and studying my ass off I'm wallowing in misery. Pulled the blanket over my head. Once again I brought this upon myself. I've accepted the failure. Happily settled for failure. Settle settle settle...Finally I'm afraid of returning to the rooms. Afraid of asking for help. I'm a chronic relapser. I fear they won't take me seriously. Why would they? ..Here we go again...And again and again and again.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry you're struggling. You're not alone and you deserve to be happy and healthy.
What do you need to do to protect yourself from alcohol?
It took me almost 4 years and many many tries. I understand your fear of returning to the rooms but I bet there's lots of chronic relapsers there. I hope you feel better soon...
We all keep trying 'til we get it. Keep trying!
I feel for you homie. I'm recovering from a two month long relapse &amp; it sucks going all that time without alcohol to being pushed back into the dark whole with seemingly no one by your side but 'good ol' alcohol.. but he's not a good friend he only wants to fucking destroy everything you've worked so hard to get. Whenever you get those thoughts 'maybe I can handle a glass of wine..' you have to tell yourself that you can't &amp; you have to know &amp; believe that you can't. We alcoholics seriously cannot handle alcohol it will destroy you if you let it &amp; believe me I know where you're coming from. I believe you can pass your exam tomorrow. Study your ass off for it now it'll be better doing that than wallowing in misery &amp; accepting defeat. Alcohol WANTS you to accept defeat. It WANTS you to stay with him cuz he treats you so so well &amp; cares about you. FUCK alcohol! I believe you can say 'FUCK YOU ALCOHOL' too. You're awesome &amp; I believe in you. Good luck. 
I understand the misery the fear the awfulness related to relapse that exists on so many levels...I hope I speak for everyone here but you are always welcome back...I too know this fear of rejection I've felt it when I wax poetic devastated by a relapse promising to do better only to turn around and repeat my actions 24-48 hours later...We are learning we are growing we are collectively improving in an upward spiral not a straight trajectory.  Some of us will take longer to get there than others but let's keep trying keep working at success and offering support kindness and help to each other along the way..
"Fall down seven times".."Get up eight"..............Japanese Proverb
