-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5936v3/i_keep_telling_everyone_that_everything_is_good/

I just got back from a few of my best friend's wedding and managed to make it through the event without a drop of alcohol. It was rough. I wasn't sociable I shied away from dancing having fun and had little interaction with the couple who I've known for over a decade. In the last 92 days I've handled myself well in social situations and even surprised myself with how outgoing I've become socially but on a day like today where everyone was drinking to celebrate I found myself retreating inward and I couldn't figure out how to fix it. I hovered outside of group conversations and spent a majority of the time at the wedding smoking cigarettes alone. I quit smoking a long time ago. The smokes got me through a rough day but I used them as an excuse to avoid people. ..Any time I did talk with close friends they'd ask me how I was doing or what I've been up to. I avoided real talk and made it seem like everything was going swimmingly for me when in reality my situation couldn't be more messed up. I'm dirt poor far from being in good physical shape I barely have a home and I haven't been romantic with anyone in almost a year. I felt like I was lying though my teeth all day. I can't even tell my best friends that I'm struggling because I'm worried that they'll think I'm trying to sound like I dig it...When I pretend everything is going great more people try to convince me that a drink will be alright for me to have. I know that's wrong but I keep up the facade of shit-togetherness. I don't know how to handle this even after 92 days sober. ..My situation is damn near dire and I'm just pretending everything is hunky-dory. I'm worried that I'll sink into a depression or maybe I already have and just don't realize it. With all that said and done at least I made it through this drunken whirlwind of a day without having a drink. I thought about this post for nearly 8 hours today. Get through the day and post here. As you all know you got me through a tough one. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to hear you made it through. I definitely had trouble with telling folks the truth when I was struggling early on. I was always used to putting on the front of 'I have my shit together dont need to worry about ol' me' when in reality I was hanging in by a thread some days. It was tough to keep that up. ..It was weird for me trying to tell the majority of my friends they never dealt with substance abuse issues like I did. I was lucky to have one super close friend also in recovery and confided in them a lot. In time I was able to open up to my other friends when I was having a bad day or if I was struggling with anything with my drinking. ..I also used to do the same thing of thinking about posting on SD during a shitty day/night. Sometimes just knowing that I'll be able to get stuff off my chest to a community that *got me* was incredibly important in being able to navigate some stuff early on. I know you might not feel you can bring those problems to your other friends but you have us :) ..Hope the rest of your night goes well. 
[deleted]
I can totally relate to your post it's so hard being somewhere when everyone else is drinking but you did it! That was a huge achievement. I've had a few moments of feeling that sense of isolation recently and just thinking of this sub helps me too. Not drinking with you today :)
I have a tough time at social events like that too and it's not really about the drinking although that clearly doesn't help. I hate situations where people are inquiring about my life but not REALLY...as in they only want to hear the easy highlight reel version but I've got big sh*t I'm dealing with and the "good parts version" of my life feels like a lie. I hope I'm making sense....I hate feeling like a hypocrite and saying "everything is fine" when actually it's not that simple. However if I attempt to admit freely about struggling eyes glaze over and start looking around for an escape. No one wants to hear it especially at whatever happy social event I'm attending.  And that feeling of isolation only drives me to want to drink more - ah the irony! ..I save up my struggles to share with SD 'cause you guys get it. I also have a couple close friends I can turn to although neither have issues with drinking but are supportive as best they can be. ..Congrats to you for getting through and don't beat yourself up too much for feeling "apart" at the wedding -I think that is a totally normal thing that can happen at least for me anyway...Edit: premature save when not done....ugh.
I bet if you could have seen inside the heads of the people of that wedding you would have found out that most of them are struggling too.  But you're struggling sober and they're struggling drunk. I'm sorry you're feeling lousy... I was just at a wedding last weekend myself and was thinking some of the same things as you about how to celebrate and socialize. Somehow we're supposed to automatically be having a blast at these events but they really aren't always so easy.  Meeting new people (maybe you have nothing in common) hanging around waiting a lot not being able to talk much to your friends in the wedding party because they're so busy not being a big uninhibited extrovert who wants to shake that ass --  maybe it's all just not always that great anyway and we mask it by drinking.  I think this is true of a lot of social interactions. ..I'm trying to make my life and experiences real and to do the things I genuinely love and be with the people I genuinely love.If I have to depend on altering my reality with substances to enjoy life what does that mean? Is dancing and drinking really the pinnacle of existence for me? Maybe I just genuinely enjoy other activities and situations more...I'm trying to relax and find happiness in my real circumstances and in the beauty in the world that is there all around if I pay attention. (Someone I know says"Look there it is!" when he sees evidence of love in the world.) It's a new way of looking at life and  I'm trying to filter out all of the false cultural messages telling me what's supposed to be important and fun and deciding for myself. Wishing you encouragement  and joy and patience too.
