-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/596zk8/relapsed_really_bad/

Buckle up this is a long one...I came here and made a thread happy as a clam that I was a week sober a couple of weeks ago. [Original Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/575tjv/one_week_sober_today/)..Two days after I posted that I binged without a single care in the world. I was drinking vodka and doing shots of 99 proof alcohol by myself at home. The stress at work had been hitting me hard all week and I needed a release...The whole night was a blur. The only thing I remember clearly as clear as day is sitting at my computer and trying to log into it. Being completely blitzed I kept putting in the wrong password and it was making me really really infuriated. This is the only thing I can remember from that night because it stood out so much. I just remember screaming at the top of my lungs angry as hell that I couldn't log in. The next thing I knew it was morning and the rest of the day I barely moved (thank GOD it was a Saturday!). I thought that maybe I dreamed getting so angry but I had bruises on my hands from when I was pounding on my desk every time my password was rejected...I knew at that moment that it was going to take more than just hope and support from others. There was something going on in my life that I've been purposely keeping private and it's been happening for nearly my whole life. Not sure I want to come out and say what it is just yet but it concerns living a specific lifestyle and involves making a HUGE transition and could end up with me being alienated by the people who are close to me...I spent the next few days thinking about everything going on in my life and how I could fix things and I came to the conclusion that something HAD to change RIGHT NOW. And it had to concern that lifestyle that I've been keeping private for about three whole decades. ..I took a first step towards the goal of coming out and transitioning (again not too comfortable saying what it is just yet but you can probably take a good guess using the clues I've been dropping) and as of right now it's been 9 days since my last drink. The exact number of days I was sober on the day that I relapsed. I've still got a very long journey ahead of me both with keeping sober and moreso making that lifestyle change. That one little bit of memory I have from that night will haunt me for the rest of my life and serve as a reminder of how I can get with enough alcohol in me. And the more I work towards coming out and being completely myself to the world the less likely I will relapse again.
----------immediate responses--------

A therapist was instrumental in my sobriety. Therapy gave me a safe place to be honest. I learned the importance of being the same person on the inside that I am on the outside. You have good insight about this. I hope you find the support you need.
Glad you're here...Anything I want to accomplish is easier without alcohol...I hope your journey is safe and Sober.
I'm only guessing at what you're implying but I can't imagine how much anguish it would cause feeling like you can never be who you truly are especially to the people that love and care for you for (as you say) basically your whole life. Best of luck with finding a good compatible therapist and finally getting those thoughts out in the open. I hope you'll soon find a sense of peace &lt;3 
I've found this to be a great support network when you need it the most. I'm happy to march forward in sobriety with you. ..As for the issues you alluded to I feel you. Maybe this doesn't mean a lot but you've got the support of this anonymous guy on the internet. You do you! ..Be sure to supplement Reddit by making good use of support networks out in the real world. It must be difficult to take that first step but you sound like a pretty courageous person. I'm rooting for you.  
yep 30 years of a secret is long enough. Id find others who did this lean of them for support and advice bite the bullet and tell your family and finally be free! 
