-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/598v90/if_you_stopped_drinking_andor_drugging_but/

Clap clap...Currently struggling HARD with self injury and overly restrictive eating.  The latter I'm still fat as fuck so I'm not really that concerned about it.  But the cutting/bruising...I had almost three years free of those behaviors up until last Thursday... The slope gets slippery when I start doing one thing.  I just tend to up the ante up the ante up the ante until I have a breakdown.  ..Please share your stories about whack-a-mole so I can feel more hopeful. 
----------immediate responses--------

Stopped drinking (not first attempt but damnit it will be the last). Still have destructive relationship sex flirtation and self-esteem/self-worth behaviors. Turns out drinking wasn't the problem. Drinking was a symptom. I was (am) the problem. ..Working on therapy and honesty identifying patterns and fixing myself. And forgiving myself...I'm not drinking with you today. 
I have an eating disorder so I completely get it. It's like I need something all the time to fill some weird void or emptiness but because I fill it with outside shit it never fills with who I am. So if I quit drinking (like now) I obsess over food when I try and be zen about food I take up weed again...and all the rest...How are you doing today?
yes up the ante ..my brain is wired such to see the limit..i realized over time i had self hurting behavior where i wud just keep on drinking more than previous day/night till i could ..and then the mind wud go bonkers and start hurting self physically...it was all because of what this chemical does to brain..and what gets me started and going screwing myself is inside me .. retrospecting i see that its in my other attractions too like eating as well .. so its what ever gave me pleasure... its uncontrollable pathetic.. i've landed in mental institutions rehabs hospitals with this up the ante attitude.....i have accepted the issue is fundamental in my genes/personality whatever..it may not be a disease but i need to cure it as such. i'm not normal yet ..may never be.. so it's now simple...keep the tiger (alcohol/other temptations) in the cage i just can't control it on leash ..
No advice. It doesn't sound like you're in a great place. I too am a fat fucker... turns out not drinking is helping me deflate a bit. ..I won't drink with you today. 
I felt triggered by my (dormant) eating disorder when I quit drinking I touched base with the cognitive behavioural therapy work I had done previosly remained vigilant and recommitted to "normal eating". Back when I tackled it I had lots of slips but didn't beat myself up and got back to "normal eating" as soon as possible...I also struggled with compulsive skin picking and after stopping drinking it was my first time tackling the issue - it took me months of work and I made sure not to tether it to my drinking - any slip on the picking would not give me permission to slip on my drinking...I've got everything under control now focusing on balance and self-care and I remain vigilant trying to cope in healthier ways.
Totally innocuous but for me it's staying up too late playing video games and drinking caffeinated shit. I need to sleep to be productive during the day and these old habits aren't helping me any more than drinking was. ..I told myself I would go easy on myself where the non-drinking habits were concerned - including not worrying as much about my diet. But I am feeling like I need to start shifting some of my energy toward self-improvement in those areas too. ..I know that slacking off leads to anxiety and general feelings of low self-worth (over having accomplished nothing worthwhile in a given day) which is just the start of a vicious spiral that could easily end in a bottle if I'm not careful. ..I need to fucking snap out of it. (On that note now that it's almost 3am I am going to bed.)
