-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59bgfc/hello_my_life_its_been_a_while/

First: [I have an awesome sister](http://imgur.com/cp6OBDX)..So it's been a crazy 3 years. Between moving married military abuse lack of support/friends/family moving some more plans to move to a foreign country everything I knew flipped upside 3 rounds of rehab 1 self detox gym healthy life style change jail court divorce and moving back in with family (at my old stomping grounds from college years). ..Through all that I lost myself. Became an alcoholic. Developed health and weight issues as well as anxiety and fell into depression. Basically my life became a hot mess and I couldn't recognize myself any more in any sense. What I saw I hated.  I didn't even know what my favorite color was anymore - completely lost my identity. ..I got out of inpatient on October 18th with a discharge plan of the first week out relaxing and getting accustomed to my new environment the second week planning my routine - ex: 3 things a week in any combination of therapy AA SD or something similar and volunteering. However today is the first day of week 2 and I just got to Florida. I spent my first week out going back and forth between the Courthouse filing for divorce hiding from my abusive soon-to-be ex-husband going to IG and the commander having my mom come and stay with me for a week (we don't have the best relationship) packing and all the extra stress of everything else going on...I'm in Florida with family now. (Got in last night)  Have multiple job offers planning to work on my debt & touched base with some friends (good influences).. I'm playing the waiting game to see when my divorce is finalized so I can switch my social security card and my insurance and get a job and yaddahyaddajyah...Anyway I'm treating today as my day one in my first week where I can just relax and get used to things I'm kind of doing the second week with it too by reaching out and looking for things to do. I had a problem over-committing on my last journey to sobriety which led to me among other things relapsing. SO I NEED TO WATCH THIS. ..*So baby steps and gratitude.*..Today I will take my sister to school today I'll stop by the store and buy some toothpaste and other little things I don't have today I will get a few boxes out of the car and decide if I really need them or what to do with them. ..I'm grateful for my family helping me through this time. I'm grateful for my health not being as bad as it could be. I'm grateful for the few belongings I do have. I'm grateful to have such amazing old bosses that they ate wanting me back. I'm grateful to the inpatient facility and its staff for helping me with Wellness tools coping skills and getting me to this point I am at today. And I'm grateful for the state of Kentucky to have a self-help divorce packet lol...Tl;Dr - my crazy Journey the last three years how it all fell apart how it's getting back together. Being grateful and baby steps...High five sobernauts. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back Red!  Sounds like a helluva journey.  You've got some solid support behind you.  Looking forward to seeing you on here more again!
The AA thought of the day is about living in the Now. That's real applicable to me these days. I'm needing to handle things one at a time and one day at a time. Things are changing so fast that I can only react to them as they happen and not obsess about what may or may not happen. Best wishes. 
Nice to meet you and I'm glad you are here. I will not drink with you today!
High five. Surviving super rough life explosions again and again and having quality support in place now to help the mind deal will create perspective in the future in so many ways. You will be the super duper tough. Hang in there.
Hey Red!  You're back!  Sweet.  I had been wondering about you.  You're being very brave going through with the divorce and I wish you all the best.  I'm inspired by your gratitude in the face of all that's going on.  Stay with that discharge plan.  It'd be easy for me to get swept up in all the other drama and end up putting my recovery last.  Don't do that!
Red so glad to see you're with family (internet points to your sister) and getting on top of things and pulling things back together. So many hugs -Talie
