-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59e9aq/dual_diagnosis_struggles/

The hardest part of quitting drinking for me has been the complete lack of interest in things. Everything just seems like a pointless distraction before I die. I've felt like this before it doesn't last forever but leaves big enough scars that I remember very accurately the times I've felt this way back to the first time when I was very young. I'm back on Zoloft again which has helped in the past but alcohol has generally been my primary medication for anxiety and depression. ..I am more sure than I ever have been before that alcohol was making things progressively worse and adding nothing of value but fake peace of mind (which is the primary reason I quit) but real peace of mind seems like such an abstract and long forgotten feeling. I know it's early days but I get discouraged reading that emotional rebound should take place between 2-4 weeks of abstinence. ..
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
It took me about five weeks to get over that jump.  Also started Zoloft for the first time.  Still have a bit of the blah's but going to meetings and coming here helps.  I am slowly starting to see short bursts of feeling better and just for those moments alone this has all been worth it.  Hang in there!!
In my experience I was prescribed Lexapro for my depression and I continued to drink alcohol while on the med's. Once I stopped drinking the medication kicked in beautifully after a few weeks. That combined with medical treatment counseling SD etc. has gotten me to where I am today.
Dual diagnosis sucks a big one.  I'm still not sorted out TBH but I did have gradual improvement over time so that I wasn't mired in complete misery...Zoloft helped me a lot in the past.  Just think...each day that goes by your brain function is normalizing and the Zoloft could work even better...Take care of yourself as much as you can even if nothing seems enjoyable or worth it.  Depression is lying to you just like booze does...
