-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59lfw6/19_and_realizing_i_have_a_problem/

Hey yall.I am a 19 year old college student.  I did not drink until I was 16 which was somewhat late for my high school.  I began drinking larger amounts and getting drunk my senior year like most of my peers who drink did.  Going to college I began drinking more and more and more.  I am in a fraternity and binge drinking is common.  It is my second year and I am struggling in school because of my drinking.  I drink 5/7 nights a week and the other two nights I am stoned out of my mind to combat the withdrawals.  My roommate enables me and has alcoholic tendencies.  I am only 135 lbs and drink roughly 14 drinks a night and often combine this with marijuana and occasionally cocaine..I cannot go to my parents for help.  My father and grandmother who I lived with over the summer are alcoholics (+two generations more) and I would get drunk with them.  My mother hates drinking and has always warned me..I am very intelligent and have been offered jobs in several different professional sectors pending my graduation; however I struggle going to class in the morning due to withdrawal and my hands shaking.  I do not wish to ruin my life.  I also do not want to stop drinking completely but be able to drink in moderation.  
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! It sounds like you've got a lot weighing on your mind and you're trying to make a good decision. I hope you keep coming back.
Welcome! I'm glad you are here. It's amazing that you realize the problem at your age. I wish I would've been that smart!..I tried to moderate for so long and it just didn't work for me. So I can't offer any wisdom in that regard...I spend a lot of time participating here and have found the support to be incredible. I hope you stick around! I'll stay sober with you today!
I truely believe when it becomes a problem it stays a problem. We find all kinds of creative ways of trying to redesign it. (Make it fit in our lives). Alcohol just seems to have a sort of blueprint that it follows. The plans are there and it must build. ( yea I said that) the revelations we have : -). I think your being wise to stop now and design your life the way you want it without the detours of alcohols plans. I wish ALL the best for you and I wont drink with you tonight.
You will need to stop completely. You may not realize this for a while. Or until you hit "a bottom" but alcohol is the most cunning and evil force on the planet and it cannot be controlled once it becomes a problem. I know it is hard to imagine a life without it. How will I socialize? But it CAN be done I promise. I was 34 before I figured that out and I WASTED so much time and caused myself so much heartache. It may seem silly now but just go sit in on a meeting and listen. See what others have to say. Being here is a fantastic first step! Best of luck and keep coming back here for support! We've got your back!
I think a lot of people wish they had this realization at your age. Good on ya. Who am I to say whether or not you're an alcoholic but if you have it in your family and are going through withdrawals then moderation may not be possible. Godspeed friend. You CAN improve your situation. You're young and smart. Those things go a long way.
Moderation is the pipe dream of every alcoholic. I'm 20 and realised I had a problem at 19. My situation is very different to yours so I can't offer much in the way of advice. Perhaps you could start by trying one month sober? A lot of people here started by just doing one month and carrying on from there.
All I can tell you is my experience. I'm 22 years old while I was still drinking I hadn't really screwed up any work or schooling but I could feel myself slipping from it I was drinking every night and day/morning drinking had become fairly common I had a couple hospitalizations for drunk shenanigans I had started to lose friends over my drinking and the things I did while drunk etc. In general my life had started to come to a point where I could see liquor was ruining my life I tried to moderate after a particularly bad night with the bottle I had a firm resolve and every intention to never get really drunk again only a couple drinks here and there so I wrote out a list of rules you know like only having one drink a day on week days only 2 or 3 on weekends etc... About three weeks later I ended up blacking out and coming to in a strangers house doing a bunch of coke and having no idea where I was or how I would get home as I'd spent literally all of my available money on drugs and alcohol. That night I'd said I would only have two beers no matter what. It became completely evident that I could not drink at all I was powerless over alcohol so I signed up to this sub went to AA went to a couple other recovery groups bought some books about not drinking and reached out for the hands of support offered to me. I know that I can not and never will be able to safely drink and with the way my life looks now why would I ever want to. Things have gotten so much better for me and I hope that you find the same happiness I have. You never have to pick up a drink again you never have to feel hungover and full of guilt like you do right now again. Just don't pick up a drink and get help. No one can do this alone.
As the momma of a 19 year old college sophomore who is in a fraternity and sounds like you I say 'way to go' even thinking about this! My son and I have an open relationship and I know a lot about his partying. I am sure I don't know it all but I know enough. I also know that I can give you advice but you and only you have to want to go on this journey. Feel free to ask away and I will give you honest answers! Best advice I can start with is sober people sober places. While you are surrounded by parties any night of the week you are also surrounded by people who are not drinking and still having fun! ..I wish you well and welcome!! 
Morning everyone.Thank you for all the feedback and support it means a lot.  I am no stranger to alcoholism I grew up witnessing it nearly every night so I have an understanding of how addictive and hurtful it is.  Going home is seeing bottles thrown pictures knocked off the wall and screaming and yelling over booze.  I hate it.  I have anxiety and depression and being home made it worse.  I did not have a drinking problem until I drank every night of the summer sometimes alone..That being said...I have learned that it is possible to limit drinking but you have to be very disciplined and have others by your side.  My problems did not really start withdrawal wise until I started drinking for football games (usually kill a bottle of Evan Williams+keg beer from 7/8 am to 2 am).  When I drink light beer I do not have withdrawal symptoms.  When I drink straight liquor all day I do.  I hope you guys can understand that I am making an effort to moderate and I believe moderation is possible.  If you let the alcohol control you it will.  So my plan is to only drink light beer from now on.  As well I am not going to hang around my apartment and drink or go to a house/brothers/friends and drink.  I am going to the library as I found in certain environments I do not have the urge to drink.
