-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59me4e/i_have_george_costanza_screaming_in_my_head/

My anger got turned up to eleven in my head this evening. My body was pulsating. My jaw tense from gritting my teeth. ..My future SIL came over to our house with a six pack. She and her brother(my future husband) were sitting opposite each other on the couches.  He joined me in not drinking about a month ago. She mentions how good the beer is and he makes a joke about being sober. ..She then says to him he'll be drinking again like he used to. That quitting smoking is more important than not drinking. ..She brought beer to our house and says all of this AFTER I had coffee with her this past Sunday and had a heart to heart about he and I not drinking. About my struggles with alcohol. ..I feel like punching a wall. I DEFINITELY will not drink. ..SERENITY RIGHT FUCKING NOW!(Think I need to crush a few La Croix cans.)..I love you guys. Thank you for not being assholes and thank you for being able to show compassion. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'll crush some La Croix cans with you :) Hang in there!
Sorry about your struggles. Because of your post I YouTubed "Serenity Now" and had a good laugh so thanks for that.
That's downright rude. Glad you kept your cool and you and SO didn't indulge. 
Oh shit. In laws (groan).  She sounds like a piece of work.  Then again  maybe she was just accidentally being insensitive and ignorant. I don't think I had a clue about the importance of sobriety or the effort put in until I really started trying it for myself. Maybe I said insensitive things and acted like a bitch too. I probably did. I hope she can learn to be supportive.  Sigh. Sorry she upset you.  Crush away.
Opinions are like assholes everyone has one. Just sayin..
I find that it helps to stick your head out of the window and yell "these pretzels are making me thirsty!" ..I will not drink with you today!
I find that when a person does this it is all about them salving their own conscience. Statements like "glad your back" "I'll make you drink again" " you won't last" have nothing to do with me. But to come into my house and say it don't come back until you respect my boundaries. Not here not ever.
I understand.  Sounds like either (a) she's thick in the head; or (b) she does not respect your boundaries...If it was me I'd cover both bases at the same time!...I'd have coffee again with her.  I'd say "I'm looking forward to us being a family after the upcoming wedding sis-in-law.  I'd like to tell you what I want.  I'd like you to respect that your brother and I are working to be sober presently.  I'd like your support.  That would include not bringing beer over and simply respecting our decision.  I would consider it a warm gift from you.  Would you be willing to support us?"..That's just me...SERENITY NOW !!!  ;D
[deleted]
Not drinking through this encounter can make your resolve to stay sober stronger.I hope it does...I will not drink with you today.
That pisses me off just reading that!  I can't imagine how you must feel.   It sounds totally bogus especially after having that conversation.   I'm not one for starting shit but maybe it's time for a follow-up cup of coffee?
