-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59ng1v/advice_for_someone_who_cant_get_out_of_the/

Do you any good advice? =(
----------immediate responses--------

I had many relapses. Eventually I began to learn from them. I learned to stay away from people/places that might put me at risk. ..I learned to recognize feelings and thoughts that usually were a prelude to a relapse and how to nip then in the bud...I learned to play the tape forward and see that a relapse would only prolong my agony...I learned that cravings wouldn't kill me and if I could just ride it out I'd be okay...I learned that I only had to worry about one drink the first one...I learned that if I couldn't manage a day then I could take it hour by hour if I had to...I learned that I was stronger than I gave myself credit for.
For me I had to do something differently - actually I had to go to more AA meetings.  Stop comparing and start identifying.  Finally admit there was not a loophole with my name on it.  Stop thinking I "deserved" a drink...Worked for me.  And yes there are other paths but I was once convinced AA would not work for me and I had all the issues reservations conflicts etc
I've been on a relapse loop for a decade. The past year has been particularly bad...Yesterday I walked into AA yesterday. Twice. This is the first time on Day 3 I'm not depressed or anxious...I can't do it alone and isolating is what does me it.
[removed]
Don't quit quitting.
I entered my first treatment center at 20 it took me till 36 to finally really want to quit. I tried to control my drinking for so long. I had to drink up every good thing in my life before I came to realize that I can't drink. It always ends up bad. I loose everyone and everything important to me because I put that drink first. In sobriety I've come to understand that drugs and alcohol were only 5% of my problem and 95% of my problem was me. I had to accept that if I continue to drink I will die. Addiction kills more people than any other disease out there. I had to accept that there is something out there greater than me. I was always in control and it got me no where. Today a higher power keeps me sober. I think of how low my life had gone and when I think of how much worse it could have gotten I remind myself that one drink  one casual drink could set all of it in action and take me even lower ultimately to my death. One thing I never did was surrender and just do what was suggested of me in that treatment center 16 years ago. I came into AA so broken  I was so fucked up I was willing to do whatever they told me because I couldn't stop on my own. Today the only thing I have control on is asking a higher power to help me stay sober and just not picking up that first drink. My life is slowly getting better by working the 12 steps and I still have good days and I still have bad but I can handle both because today I am sober. One day at a time  it's all I got. 
Grab a copy of Sarah Hepola's book 'Blackout: Remembering Things I Drank to Forget.' Such an amazing book. I think this quote from her sums it up: "anyone who finds themselves drinking too much might do well to probe around underneath it. What is alcohol trying to fix?" I went to therapy when I became sober. Sarah's book helped tremendously also. You aren't alone! 
[deleted]
