-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59qz2a/100_days_clean_reflecting/

Hey guys. Just checking in. Yesterday was my 100th full day clean so I figured I'd compile a little list of bullet points from what I've gleamed so far from sobriety. ..* I feel healthier now than I have in years. I've had a few days here and there where I've felt tired or lethargic (especially this time of year) but absolutely nothing compared to the awful sluggish constantly-hungover/sick to my stomach feeling that was a staple in my life during my drinking days. ..* I look better. My skin has cleaned up quite a bit (took a few weeks). The alcoholic bloat is gone and the oily pasty skin is no more. My girlfriend says I have a "healthy glow" about me that I hadn't had previously. ..* I've lost my beer gut. I'm not a big guy by any means nor was I when I was drinking every day. That said I definitely notice a difference in my physique. A healthy diet along with regular exercise has me looking the best I have in years. ..* My job performance has improved tremendously. I'm a landscaper and when I was drinking waking up in the morning and dragging myself into work to do manual labor was absolute hell. Half the time I felt I had to have a buzz just to show up. Now I'm working 6 days a week busting my ass from morning til the job is done and I still manage to make it into the gym at least 3 times a week. Couldn't have even imagined this 3 months ago. On top of that my boss is interested in making me a foreman based on my job performance. ..* I've started continued care at the outpatient rehab that I checked myself into. It's once a week 2 hours a session. It's a good opportunity to get some things off of my chest with a great group of people who have also completed the same program as me. Helps to keep me grounded and focused on why I started this journey in the first place. ..* My relationship is going great. My girlfriend is also in recovery and it seems if we can both stay straight things will continue to fall into place. We have our struggles but nothing seems irreparable at this rate. ..* Change is hard. This is the first time in years that I've had a clear head and with that clear head comes the realization that I have a LOT of work to do on myself. I didn't realize how much I hadn't been dealing with until I got clean. Sometimes even the smallest confrontation can send me into a panic. I was so used to ignoring things until I had a buzz that coping with them sober can be incredibly difficult. I hadn't "dealt" with anything for YEARS. ..* Still looking for an individual therapist. I found a really good one that was recommended to me by my case manager but he was not covered by my insurance. Matter of fact my insurance doesn't seem to cover many therapists at all which REALLY blows. I want to address this issue soon because individual therapy is a godsend. ..* Still taking Wellbutrin. First medication I've been on in forever and I've noticed some subtle changes (positive) in my mood. ..* My social life leaves something to be desired. I just got in touch with an old friend who has been clean and sober for over a year. Maybe I can meet some more people through him. I'm not a fan of 12 step meetings at all so meeting new sober people is a challenge. Plus socially I'm a bit awkward and with my 6 days a week schedule I don't have much time anyway. I'm sure it will work itself out eventually. Being around people is always good for me as I have and always have had a tendency to isolate. ..Can't think of much else to say! If you've made it this far thanks for reading. If you have any questions feel free to ask. Sobriety is a constant struggle but speaking for myself I can say it's definitely been worth it. I've been where many of you are. I know that it can feel impossible to pull yourself up. Don't give up. It can be done. I never thought I'd be able to make it 4 days clean let alone 100. So with that being said I will not drink with you guys today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 100 days!! I can't wait until I get there! 
Congrats on 100!
Congratulations on reaching 100 days!! 
Hopefully this will be me in a few months. Well done mate!
This is freaking awesome! I'm so glad you're doing in such a successful state!!..The social thing is tough. It's important to find the things you love to do. At 100 days your mental fog is going to clear up a bit so it's going to leave you some mental space to start looking for the things you love to do. Keep it up!
This is really fantastic! Well done :) I found myself nodding along to alot of what you wrote here. All the best for you and your girlfriend! 
Congrats on 100 days-- sounds like you are seriously bossing this sober thing! I am on a MeetUp list called Booze Free Fun for my city. It's not necessarily recovery-related but it's a group of people going to events all over the city as a group with the expectation that the people going not imbibe while there-- they even go to food fests comedy shows music festivals and such. Might be worth seeing if there's something like that in your town (full disclosure:  I haven't gone to an event yet I just follow the list and often find myself saying "oh... that would be fun!" I'm home with two kids so I like really-never get out.)
[deleted]
Congrats!  Look forward to joining you at 100 soon!
Happy 100!
Congratulations on making it 100 days. As you're beginning to realise it's awesome...Well done!
[removed]
Thanks for the post!  ..a few points: its insane that these insurance companies have cut mental health coverage out of their plans.  What in the actual fuck?  Sad stuff.  Can you look into a sliding scale therapist?  I don't know how much money you make but there's plenty of therapists in my area on a sliding scale...Secondly I do not go to AA but I do attend Smart Recovery meetings as well as LifeRing.  Neither of the organizations I just listed are 12 steps.  I believe there's several others out there too.  ..Best of luck!  Way to go on 100 days.  Fantastic work...
