-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59yuj5/i_know_ive_been_an_alcoholic_for_a_year_but_and/

I had a really hard childhood and a very devastating breakup of a 3 year serious relationship and was pretty much left to figure everything out on my own. The easiest way to do that was to drink. A bottle would mean I wouldn't need to cry be sad or think about anything for the night. And a year later it still is. ..But now it's something different. In the beginning I would wake up groggy drink water and for the most part be fine. I'd look for a job play games all day then drink myself to sleep again. ..Eventually I found a job and I enjoyed it. But that didn't stop the drinking. In fact it got worse. I would go through a handle every 2 or 3 days. I'd take a couple drinks before showering for work. ..I managed for a while. Until the daily withdraws from the nights before got to be be too much. So to even get through work I'd need to drink or take a benzo. That worked for a while too. ..Then I totaled my car. Don't event remember what happened. Thankfully it wasn't serious and no one was hurt so.i should be okay. ..But now everyday is another day I want to quit. I wake up with shakes and anxiety. But I have to work. So I take a couple drinks before ubering to work. The withdraws are so bad I need a benzo to even get through the day. My face is bloated. I am constantly red as a tomato. I sweat like an overweight pig. My coworkers notice. Yet very night when I get home I want to keep drinking. ..I don't know how to break the cycle but I know I want to. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know how trapped alcohol can make you feel and how you can feel so powerless to it wanting to quit but continuing to drink...You can get out of this cycle. Try really focusing on your reasons to stop and write them out then write out the reasons you drink. Start taking an emotional inventory of how alcohol isn't working to help you cope. As you start to change your view on what alcohol is not helping with it can help give that push to start breaking the cycle...Check out SMART recovery (Google it :-) ) they can provide tips to help get you started.
Welcome! Glad you're here with us. In my experience I found that going to detox in a hospital for 1 week was the best and safest way to start the process of stopping. I also went to AA; they have a very informative website including a hotline and a list of meetings which you can probably find in your area. ..Additionally there's some valuable resources in the sidebar on the right (FAQ's and an option to grab a 'badge' to count your number of days sober in your flair). We also have an IRC (link in sidebar) to chat 24/7...You don't have to feel like this anymore. Welcome aboard!
Have you considered medical help?  It really worked for me - both detox and medications plus IOP and now group and individual therapy for my mental health stuff.
