-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5a707l/hangover_hell_i_havent_posted_in_awhile_guess_what/

This is maybe the worst hangover and drunk I've ever had in my damn life. I've had many. Lots of close calls an arrest lots of fucked relationships to amazing people who didn't deserve it one lost job (I guess my only "luck" on that one is they didn't fire me because of being drunk). This time it cost me the two people who I never thought I'd lose. Two people who always wanted what was best for me and saw me struggling. Two people who I've desperately cried to for help and for gratitude and for patience. My parents. They are done...Maybe you don't have 2 great parents. Well it isn't about you. But it also is. Have children? Husband? Wife? Lover? Friend? Pet? Plant? Something one thing who knows your struggles and has endlessly loved you despite all your shit who you thought would still be there for you?..To all us alcoholics: There's no luck. There's no wake up call. There's no fucking bottom. Stop kidding yourself...You may think you've had some "luck" in your life. A chance to redeem yourself. A chance to stop before it got worse. Maybe you did. And if you listened and it was your last drink then I commend you in sincerity...But let me tell you this. The next time you crave a drink. The next time you relapse. It is just as bad as you thought it would be. It is just as bad you think it won't be. It is always worse...We don't deserve to die from this. And to a lot of us we've already wished many times we were dead because of what we've done in our drinking. But death would just be another escape...Please stay alive. Please don't drink. Please count your blessings. Please seek new ones...I'm completely ruined today. But I have a sober friend who called me on some kind of intuiton maybe the kind you get with sobriety or with love or both and said "even if you think everyone has deserted you and I'll be honest maybe they have but I am here. For today I am here for you. So come over and I will help you try and get and stay sober."..Today we are here. You want some damn "luck"? If you're here that's the only thing you need. Plus a sober mind. That can get you far so I hear.
----------immediate responses--------

I was sitting here contemplating if my self pity was going to lead to relapse if I don't find a way to help others today  as is suggested as a key to sobriety in AA...Now im not going to obsess today over doing things perfectly over reacting to my emotions perfectly. All I actually have to do today is not fucking drink. ..Im going to do be there for my children today and enjoy the rest of this gorgeous Sunday with them (which I just realized does involve plan to help a friend Huh)..Hope tomorrow is a better day for you. 
Thanks for this brutal truth. It helps more than you know. 
you know the  truth and deserve another chance in time. alcohol makes us all really shitty. thanks for this.
It's too late too little for me my friend... according to my husband of 35 years. My rock bottom day on Sept 16 has driven him away. He's done with me. It's like he flipped a fucking switch. And I'm off. I feel so sad depressed and lonely I can hardly bear it. I'm done. With more than drinking. Thx for ur post.
I can't speak for your parents but as a parent I would suggest that if they say they are done they probably are done.....but if you make the changes and meet them halfway they will be back in a heart beat they just can't (I am guessing here) keep doing the same old same old and expecting a different result.  If you make the changes to your behaviours the relationship requires I think they will support you 100%. Failing that when I got to the point I knew things had to change I was in the right head space to make the change.  Two years ago today I stopped drinking life is better in so many ways still lots of drama but none of it alcohol related or driven and for that I am thankful and finally at peace with me.  The war is over. Ps I think you will find a lot of us internet friends will be here for you too.
I said from day one ..".everyday I don't drink I get to forgive myself."
I second the appreciation for your brutal truth. Thank you.
Well you are definitely not a lone in swearing bad stuff about alcohol during a hangover. I have and I'm sure a lot of us have done the same thing during a hangover.  It is easy for me to hate alcohol when I am in such pain from it. But then I start feeling better. And all the pain goes away. And after awhile I want to have a drink again. Then what?
Thank you
Thank you so much for this; it's just what I needed right now. .I hope you're doing okay
Yeah I'd urge anyone contemplating relapsing to not do it. I thought I could get away with one nice drunk (after over 100 days sober) and while nothing terrible happened the resulting hangover and anxiety is not worth it. It's not like I had a bit of fun and that's it I had a bit of fun and then want to die. Just keep on being sober if you can. Talk to somebody and have them distract you though it.
Thank you for sharing. I hope you find happiness. I will join you in not drinking today.
Life is war.  Keep fighting the battle and never give up..
Beautiful post. Keep staying strong and make it today. Proud of you. This post will save me from relapsing one day. 
I am so sorry for your pain. Time heals. I will not drink with you today. 
