-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5a9h9y/did_anyone_start_going_to_aa_after_longer_term/

Just curious if AA helps after a bit of sobriety?  I've only been sober for a little over a year and really haven't changed anything other than not drinking.  I keep talking myself out of going  still struggle with other addictions.   Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Just wanted to say I'm in the same boat as you.  I have been sober for over a year and a half but I haven't changed much of anything else but I know there's some changes that need to be made.  Lately I've been considering NA meetings but like you I always talk myself out of it.  Looking into your post history though I see that this is something you've posted about before.  Honestly I can't say if AA or NA would help at this time but going to a meeting for either of us certainly couldn't hurt and it would in the very least satisfy the curiosity. 
I almost have 7 months and I was thinking about going back. I went the first month and a half and I found it stressful. I got into blogs and other stuff that worked for me. But as time passes I want to maintain my sobriety even more. Perhaps it doesn't hurt to try?
I'm a hard-line fact-based scientific method guy. A beautiful thing happened when I finally could get over myself and approach AA with an open mind and a willingness to work hard at it - I learned and changed and grew! The program offers opportunities and possibilities which are limited only by the participant; rigorous effort is generously rewarded. I'm a big fan of AA. It has guided enriched and strengthened my journey of getting sober.
The best thing about going to a meeting that you haven't been to before is the absolute welcome you will feel. You'll realize that every other person in that room relates to you in many ways and you to them. You're only late to your first meeting!
I started going to SMART recovery meetings after 9 months sober. SMART deals with a whole range of addictive behaviors not just alcohol and I found it useful for picking up extra tools for my sobriety and also tackling my other addictive tendencies. Meeting with people was neat too for practice discussing things out loud helped my confidence when discussing things with regular folk if the subject arose. I haven't been in a long while now due to schedule and priorities I'm focused on living my life and striving for balance in it now.
I have a sponsee who started coming to AA after twenty some years of sobriety...It has helped him greatly.  ..A saying in AA "Came for my drinking stayed for my thinking." And in a nutshell that's the whole deal.
Went on my first AA meeting on day 333 of my sobriety. I look forward to my 5th meeting tomorrow. For me it is nice to talk with people without having to translate between me as an (alcohol-)addict and normies. In terms of the struggles: We got people with all kind of additional addictions there. Drugs stealing gambling... No problem at all. And can confirm: Did not hurt to try. Even if you shouldn't like it - you can take something from it for your own personal journey.
I was sober only 3 months and initially went to AA to meet some sober people to hang with. Once that happened I stopped going. Never really participated until now. I have selected a home group and am going to 2 meetings a week. I don't want to just be sober...I want to be a "grateful recovering alcoholic"...I want the joy so many of these people have. I'm willing to do the work.
