-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ac8s7/shame_and_guilt_are_overwhelming_me/

I have been lurking here for awhile and this is my first post. I started struggling with alcohol about 8 years ago. I have suffered with depression and anxiety for most of my life and it really got out of control after I gave birth to my 4th child 9 years ago. My youngest child was born with a serious birth defect and has special needs. I had a hard time coping and then the medical debt really pushed me to a breaking point. I went to a partial hospitalization program 3 years ago after my depression and drinking became totally unmanageable. I had been doing great and felt better and healthier than ever and then for some reason I decided to drink last week. I spent 2 days drinking and now I feel like I have ruined everything I worked so hard for. The guilt and shame are overwhelming me. I am dredging up memories of past shameful experiences and I feel like I am losing my mind. My husband of 20 years is great. He has reassured me all weekend that everything is OK and I just need to pick myself up and move on. I know my 17 year old daughter is disappointed and that is the worst feeling...Part of the reason I drank last week is that my depression has really come back full force. Also after years of struggling with my faith I came to the conclusion there is no God. It is very scary to lose that faith. I just need to figure out how to move on from the paralyzing feeling of shame..
----------immediate responses--------

When I was in despair I just focused on the smallest of tasks like breathing. I also took up medititation. Like you my bottom was accelerated by a loss of faith. Then an inner voice just told me to meditate. I also started going to AA. I was surprised to learn almost everyone there had also lost faith at their bottom. Those that had recovered had a whole new conception of "God.." I am trying to get there myself. Good luck. I wish you the very best. I am glad you are here. 
you certainly have a lot of challenges. you managed for a few years so you know you can do it again! best wishes and keep the group posted on your thoughts. there's always someone here.
If you got a flat tire in your car would you get out and slice the other 3?  Would you set the car ablaze or roll it off the cliff?  Is the car completely worthless now because it had a tire fail?  Please don't be so hard on yourself.  Feel guilty.  Sulk for a day.  Allow yourself to be disappointed go through the emotions process it all and then get your freaking spare tire out and roll on sista!  You have NOT "ruined" everything your worked hard for. You had a misstep. It happens its life...and lemme tell ya "life happens" isn't just a quirky phrase for a bumper sticker. It does happen and most of the time it happens damn ugly.   Now what are we going to do about it?  It's good that you've identified your trigger but not enough.  You've got to take that knowledge and build system to protect you.  I think Visiting a doc/therapist/counselor is a good idea.  See someone that can help you get the depression in check and help combat it.  I wish I could help you with the faith part but honestly that's a huge struggle for me as well.  I do think that if it's this burdensome in your life you should explore it (the absence or existence) so you can truly accept it.  I'm glad you posted and reached out for help.  I will be thinking of you sending lots of positive vibes and good mojo and a wish for inner peace. 
