-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ag7rs/being_more_active_in_aa/

Went to a meeting on Sunday and a speaker postulated that the reason that a friend of his had relapsed after years of sobriety was that the friend in question had stopped "being active in AA."..I didn't understand him because he'd said the fellow had kept coming to meetings very regularly.  But then the speaker said the guy stopped talking to newcomers  stopped volunteering in service stopped "working the steps " stopped praying. This made me wonder. ..I had relapsed quite hard / easily while attending meetings some weeks ago.  And I wondered if this was a message for me. ..I don't really talk to people in AA. I mean I listen and share.  But I don't really go up to people afterwards and share. Even during smoke breaks I keep to myself. Do you see this being a problem down the line? ..For those who went to AA do you think this makes AA less effective?  I still don't have a sponsor and still don't know what "fellowship" means but I'm still new to the program. Should I be making more of an effort here? ..I'm getting a bit worried and don't really have anyone to talk to about this as all my alcoholic friends think AA is stupid.  I don't think it's stupid. I think it's helped me a lot. And I need it. But I don't want to reduce it's effectiveness in my life. ..What do you guys think? ...
----------immediate responses--------

I would not worry about it. It took me a while to find "my people" and most of the friends I make I make by doing service. Service for me is coffee making chairing meetings and speaking commitments. I just kept going to the same meetings and gradually I made friends. My advice is to not stress and just go with the flow
Don't let it scare you. If it's working for you to go to meetings and share keep doing that. If *you* feel like you want to ramp up involvement or attendance that should be your decision. If it helps I never really mingled very easily at AA the meetings were overwhelming for me (social anxiety here one of many of us :) ) Best wishes!
There are some amazing people in AA who are worth getting to know.  all sorts.  and the egalitarian nature of AA allows us to get to know people we would not otherwise.  My best buddy is a former outlaw motorcycle club member who learned to read in step meetings.  Despite the differences (we don't talk politics) we are genuine close friends and know each other's hearts...  It's something to go out to breakfast with him and a former judge.....But it ain't easy.  Many of us are socially handicapped to one degree or a lot of them.  Going out for coffee / breakfast/ whatever after a meeting is a good way to get acquainted.   But you may have to risk asking if anyone is going out after - and risk getting stuck with that guy....  Still it's can be great. Also keep your ears open for folks having pot luck thanksgiving.  That can be a hoot...Active can also mean doing service be it helping with setup / coffee or more Also a great way to meet folks.   ..My program was getting a bit stale around 20 yrs so I took the prison commitment I write about here.  It took me to a new level.  ..That's what I think
For me it's about participating in my recovery. ..I don't know if what I do will keep anyone else sober I do know it has worked 100% for me since the day of my first meeting many days ago...I don't do exactly the same thing each day except that I just don't drink alcohol today.  One day at a time.  ..I have been very heavily involved in service at times and barely at other times.  I adopted the design for living that is outlined in the book and apply it daily. ...I have known as lot of people over the years who choose to drink again I don't think it had a thing to do with how busy or not busy in AA they were I do believe that the desire to drink outweighed the desire to be sober.  I also believe that it is pretty handy for some people to rationalize in their mind that so and so drank because they quit going to meetings or whatever. ...Unfortunately I have never spent 1 second of my life living inside of someone else so I really don't know what anyone else needs to do to achieve long term sobriety or why anyone would choose to drink again after crawling out of the hell I found in the bottle...For me I have found a balance that works.  The men and women of AA who welcomed me when I  arrived loved me just because I was me.  They shared their stories with me and what they did to live sober a day at a time.  ..I  hope you find the answer for you for me it has been wonderful.   Life is life it happens whether we are sober or not. For me it has been much better sober.
