-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5apqv7/not_sure_where_to_start/

I have been lurking for a while. And I feel like I can lean on you guys for answers and a push in the right direction. ..So - when I was 15 my parents moved us to Europe where my Friday nights involved social drinking. And from that time forward I can't remember being sober on a Thursday Friday or Saturday. I am now 30. ..I rarely drink during the week but on the weekends I drink with the intent to get drunk. Often by myself. I have struggled with anxiety and depression and am finally off meds and have been for 6 months but the anxiety is starting to creep back. ..Parents are divorcing we are buying a home and the list of life struggles goes on. My dad is an alcoholic which makes me nervous about my unhealthy weekend habits. ..I feel as though I teeter on that line between casual drinker and alcoholic. I struggle quitting even just taking a break. I have tried and I fail. On Monday I say I'm not going to drink that week and by Thursday I have sold myself the idea that drinking is a good idea. ..I can think of a TON of good reasons to quit drinking but can't seem to make the move. I don't know how to commit to this - on top of that we have family and friendships and almost all of them involve social drinking or partying. I don't want to lose those friendships. ..I don't know if I'm an alcoholic. I don't know where to go from here. But I know there 50000 people who can help. Thank you all I'm glad to be a part of this community. 
----------immediate responses--------

I wish someone had told me that I didn't have to be an alcoholic to stop drinking alcohol...I could simply stop because I wasn't happy with where my life was and alcohol's role in it...I drank for a loooong time because I thought that only alcoholics have to stop drinking.
i often heard in recovery meetings (aa for me) that social/casual drinkers don't struggle with wondering if they are alcoholic.  if i was debating whether i was alcoholic or not chances are i was.  that was true for me.  i also drank by myself used it as a medication for anxiety and broke promises to not drink numerous times.  i struggled to quit on my own as well and it wasn't until i got help in real life through treatment and alcoholics anonymous was i able to quit.  
For me I found it helpful to not get hung up on labels. Alcohol was not giving me the good things I wanted in life and was slowly taking away the good things I had. So it needed to go. If I had to label it I'd say I am a dysfunctional drinker in that I never have wanted or been satisfied with "just one" and found when I wanted to stop and had lots of logical and good reasons to stop it wasn't that simple. 
I can relate so much to what you shared. I (32/F) was never a daily drinker but I would binge on the weekends. I also struggled with anxiety and depression for years. I also wondered if I am an alcoholic. Maybe I am but I do not identify as such. How about committing to 30 days alcohol free just to start with? I would focus on the good reasons you have to quit and use that for motivation. Maybe write them down on a piece of paper and carry it with you. ..I will not drink with you today.  
I told my wife I was thinking of going to AA and she was shocked. My life could be better of course but it still didn't look anything like some of the "rock bottom" posts that I read here. She drinks and thinks my problem is moderation like if I could only moderate everything would be fine. Except that I have years of proof that moderation is not something that works for me. So in a way she is right ... if I could only moderate .....I've still not been to AA and I don't go around calling myself an alcoholic. What I do know is that (in this round of sobriety and in previous rounds) life is sooooo much easier sober. You owe it to yourself to give it a shot anyway...My wife drinks her family drinks our friends drink. At first for all of them it was weird. "What do you mean you're not drinking?!?!!" It was like I had decided to stop breathing or something. They could not fathom it. At this point they all fairly well accept it. So I haven't lost those relationships. But at certain functions it can be difficult not to drink there's red wine and Scotch and bourbon and 14 types of craft beer. ..So it's not easy but it can be done. I have learned to pack sparkling water and lots of it and hoard / hide it so none of the nieces and nephews drink it or the adults use it for mixer...It's goofy and I wish it weren't this way because so many of them are simply wonderful people. My life is just so much better when I don't join them drinking.
