-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5b1v2c/longer_time_lurker_and_why_i_came_back/

I posted here in this community for the first (and only) time a couple months ago on a whim one random night when I was up late alone and drunk ( of course). My post was mainly expressing how lonely I was at the time and I just wanted to express that somehow with the safety of being anonymous...I just want to say that the responses I received from that one post made a huge impression on me despite the fact that my post was fairly vague and brief. It made me feel so less alone and reading and seeing how people reach out to each other here just makes me feel in a good way always. ..I'm one of the many people that I suspect read this community often and nevertheless struggle to post anything in it despite all of the encouragement and positive feedback from others that we see. I guess that is maybe because I felt like reading is "safe" but being honest and accountable through posting is somehow is a step that I am just so scared about. I have struggled to commit towards taking the step of posting or interacting consistently despite the fact that I read things here that resonate within me deeply. I have spent so many nights reading about peoples experiences here  and feeling a sense of closeness to complete strangers... while meanwhile in my actual day to day life I put up these massive walls with the people around me. I feel like I can relate to so many posts here from  people who are from all walks of life who struggle with drinking but I am so ashamed of where I'm at with these same struggles that I have gone to the ends of the earth to hide my addiction from the people in my actual life.  Although I have barely engaged at all just checking in here has provided me with a touchstone of sanity reality and many nights I have always kept this community in the back of my mind. ..I am posting tonight because I hit a new low this week with my drinking and I just need to put it out there. On Tuesday night I snorted oxy for the first time in my entire life after a bottle and a half of wine  after an especially stressful day and I mentally justified doing this with some idiotic excuse/mental gymnastics of just "trying it to see what everyone falls in love with" ...well I guess now I know...I feel like the past year has been nothing but dominoes where I have been knocking down one thing after an other of what I once upon a time I said I wouldn't do. I am so ashamed and I make myself sick honestly. ..I just want to say that somehow I ended up not drinking today because I am coming to terms with letting myself down this week and trying to take a step back in the right direction. Not drinking today has been awful (for me) but nevertheless I just wanted to come here and say I am grateful to read these posts all the time. I wish you all the best tonight with whatever you are all struggling with and thank you all for putting yourselves out there. You all help a lot more people than you may know. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello u/ohhalloween Glad you're here!..It took courage to take the step to post and to share *some part of yourself* with this community!  Awesome!..I'm inspired by your action.  Just think of others who similar to you have thought that "reading is "safe" but being honest and accountable through posting is somehow a step that I am just so scared about."..Your work here your post is Important.  Important to you and to the many who have similar apprehensions as you...Your continued sharing of your experience as you progress is important as well - both to you and others!  You remind me of what I experienced early on and you inspire me to continue forward...You share "I feel like the past year has been nothing but dominoes"......Today could mark the beginning of clearing the dominoes off the table and taking a new path that leads away from dominoes...Thanks for your share!..Today I forgo just ONE drink - The First One
I lurked on this sub for a long time myself before I decided I have had enough and reached out for help. I've learned a lot about myself the past 50 plus days of sobriety...I learned it's all on me. I've always had the decision to make. We all have to travel our own path... As you know your not alone. We aren't the first or last people to go through this. Luckily for us the knowledge/skills/tools are now known... just have to find them. I traded in my bartender therapist for a real certfied qualified therapist.... I encourage you my friend... take the leap...you won't regret it. If its through your own research or going to a meeting or whatever it is.... try something.... I wish you the best!
[deleted]
Welcome friend. Former lurker here too. One of the powerful things about posting and commenting is it lets me articulate the thoughts in my head. Somehow typing them out and putting those thoughts into words helped me think things through commit to them and follow through. I'm glad you posted. 
