-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5b3q4f/feeling_alone_i_want_to_be_a_better_person/

Today is day one but I thought I'd make a post just so I don't feel like I'm going at this alone...I tried to quit so many times but always ended up relapsing by going to a party or out with friends. That's my kryptonite. The feeling of "missing out" if I don't go to a party or something. The worst part is when I drink my spending habits are insane and I always act like a sloppy idiot and do things I regret. All my mistakes in life can be traced back to drinking and I just want to stop so badly. ..Anyway just wanted to tell somebody because I do feel alone in this. I want to change I want this to stop I want to be a better person. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone! We're here for you. Congrats on Day One.
Congrats! I also struggled with the fear of missing out when I stopped. I can't say that feeling has totally gone away but I'm working at being social and outgoing without alcohol. A friend of mine once said of drinking and drugging "sure some fun things happened. but when you invest that much time and energy and money in ANYTHING something fun will come out of it." I try to keep that in mind. It reminds me that perhaps what I remember as fun was just coincident with drinking not because of it. 
I'm feeling alone right now too.  Try to "just be".  The constant labeling as good / bad / short / long / etc leads to more stress...Your not missing out on anything except a simulated good time.  ..My day one feels like yesterday in a way.  I don't feel different as I write this ... I just don't feel bad from a hangover have no plans to drink this weekend woke up at 4:30am today fresh not craving alcohol or thinking about it etc.  ..Really I'm kind of boring and that's ok.  My life can use a little slow down and realignment for a while.  Don't be afraid to read a book or just goto the gym.  ..Start thinking about next summer and think about fitness goals now ?  The person with the rocking body next summer is already at the gym today...I will not drink with you today.  Going to take my own advice and goto the gym too...
this sub is wonderful and will show you that you're not alone.  i needed real life contact with others in the same position as me.  meetings of alcoholics anonymous showed me that i wasn't alone and most importantly gave me hope.  because i had none in the beginning.  
Even though it's been years since I drank anywhere other than my house I can relate to this all too well..to all of it the acting a fool the over-spending the regret...Drinking in my house didn't lead to good decisions either starting with drinking in the first place...It always resulted in middle of the night regrets shame guilt and fear that would last almost a day.  Anyone who thinks 24 hours is nothing has perhaps never suffered like that because it can feel endless...You are in great company here we want you to succeed and you can!  I'm glad you're here and I will stay sober with you today. :-)
I am right there with you. Its a Friday and that's difficult especially when the wife has to work. Typically I would go out and meet a bunch of friends and have too many and feel like shit tomorrow and wonder how I spent $80 in 4 hours and deal with guilt the rest of the weekend. Depending on the level of hangover I probably would have done it again tomorrow and then Sunday would REALLY hurt so I am playing the tape forward and not drinking today...I definitely sympathize though. After so many years of a life revolving around alcohol I start to really question who I am without it. Am I really that funny charismatic outgoing guy? I like to think I am do I am going to keep going forward like that.
Thank you for your honesty.  Sending you strength and support.
You just described me. Keep coming here and you won't be alone. One day at a time.
