-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5b8zjo/im_meeting_heavy_drinkers_for_a_beer_and_dont/

Well the title says it. We're only meeting up for a couple of hours people have plans after but I don't want to even grab that one beer. Or I do which is annoying. ..But we live in an alcoholized culture and both of these two people I would categorize as alcoholics and I needed to meet up for this out of obligation but I don't know how to not drink with these people. They won't understand why I'm not drinking on a Saturday night. I don't want to offer up my entire struggle with mental health and the drinking problem. This is not very coherent. ..But you get me? Does anyone know how to motivate oneself to say no to that beer tonight? Because right now that hangover tomorrow seems inevitable
----------immediate responses--------

1 is too many and 100 is not enough...I won't drink with you tonight.
Obligation? Oblige yourself and either don't go or plan what you will drink instead of booze and to hell with the others would you jump off a cliff for these guys- would they for you?..When I sought 1:1 help for drinking some  years ago I used to have anxiety "will I drink? How much will I drink?" each time there was an event or gathering and my counsellor suggested once I made a decision the anxiety would go - and weirdly it did! Once I said "I'm not going to drink" the plan for the evening was known to me and it got easier from there. ..For me that's what the first drink is the edge of a cliff into that awful dark valley of hangover guilt anxiety - I ain't jumping for anyone...I won't drink with you tonight be strong - you are worth more to you than you are to them. 
If it's in a bar you could order a tonic and lime. Looks like a drink. Or you could say you have stomach troubles. Or you could say "No thanks I've had plenty" which would be true.
heavy drinkers like me might bug you a lot but it's all in our mental resolve. when i was in such situation early in sobriety it was difficult but i kept saying "no not feel like drinking" (even though i was salivating in my mouth) but after a few times i turned it down they didn't bother asking and i got busy with other non-alc stuff. aside i fooled my mind that i will drink tomorrow and my urges subsided a bit. if it gets tough to say no walk out get fresh air re-arm yourself with positive thoughts. my struggle was then down to getting out of there asap. first time man it wud be tough keep resolve. next morning u wud regret it they won't. tell ur mind it's easy it's a "no". . 
[removed]
This is such a ubiquitous post so if that's a comfort you're not alone in this regard...After all this time I still struggle with "why" this is an issue...I don't have an opinion on what anyone else drinks unless they're driving a car in which I'm a passenger so I figure they don't care what I drink...Irrespective of whatever I drink never once in my life has anyone ever said "Hey - let me see that glass!  Is there some alcohol in there?"..Then attempting to have an open mind when you write "They won't *understand* why I'm not drinking on a Saturday night" it may have finally gotten through my thick skull.  So I'll check with you on my premise.  ..When you write "understand" could words be substituted for "understand" such as:  "*approve* that I'm not drinking"; "*like* that I'm not drinking"; or similar?..Finally you ask "Does anyone know how to motivate oneself to say no to that beer tonight?"..I finally had to learn something.  I would often notice that I was consuming a *littul* more wine than was *probably* good for me.  My inner voice would say "Hmmm...  that's a little more than you need tonight.  *Tomorrow* night I won't have a glass of wine.  There!  I'm *motivated* tonight to not have a glass of wine tomorrow night!  Glad I'm motivated!"..Well tonight would become tomorrow which would evolve into 'tonight' and I noticed I had a glass of wine in my hand.  How was that possible?..Here's what I discovered:  My *motivation* my *feelings* my *thoughts* **vary** regularly.  Up down good bad happy sad motivated not motivated.......     When I relied on motivations feelings and thoughts I failed.  Broken promises to myself.  Subsequent guilt.  A cycle of reinforced doubts about my "Willpower" and reflections of failure.  Ever been there?..I learned that instead of motivation feelings and thoughts instead I DECIDED and then ACTED.  My Decision doesn't vary.  My Action is manifested in my behavior:  Don't have the *First* drink.  That's all...Today I forgo just ONE drink - The First One  
I wouldn't go. In fact I just declined an invitation to a wedding in December that I definitely should feel obligated to go to; but I've worked too damn hard for my sobriety and refuse to jeopardize it.
I would suggest that the way not to drink is to not go. period...they are there for the booze - not you. ..I had to change a lot of things when I stopped drinking and going to bars with people who were drinking was a big one that had to be eliminated.  I confused drinking buddies with friends - they are not the same - especially if they are not saying - "hey you're not drinking how about a movie - or taking a walk int he park instead of the bar?"..If you must go - no you really do not have to go - no court order - no forfeiture clause in your contract... just take a pass
I totally get you. When I am surrounded by alcohol and people who are drinking and it's a Saturday night and I am in a bar and I have been so good until now it would be very hard for me not to drink. I wouldn't enjoy myself I would feel I was missing out and would be resentful. Even if I did somehow manage not to drink there I would probably be tempted to buy booze on the way home. I am in early sobriety and things are hard enough without me sabotaging myself...This is why I needed to change my perspective and my habits. I no longer do things that led me to drinking because I do not want to drink. There is no reason for me to be in a bar. The choice not to drink is mine alone. I do not owe anyone an explanation and I cannot control their reaction so I do not think about what others are thinking. My sobriety comes first. If somebody really needs to talk to me they can call email me Skype me or meet me for a coffee tomorrow morning. ..I am building strong walls around my sobriety and perhaps one day I will be able to go to a bar for a catch-up but this day is not today. It's also not two weeks from now when my friend's band is playing in a local pub even though I feel like I should go and cheer them on. I'm glad to be missing out on the hangover regrets and depression going out would bring.
&gt;But you get me? Does anyone know how to motivate oneself to say no to that beer tonight? ..I have a sure fire way:  Don't go.
