-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bdyya/nine_months/

It's been nine months since I quit drinking.  That's significant because that's the time it takes for an egg to go from fertilization to birth.  Hallelujah I've been born again!  .	It hasn't been easy.  It's been very difficult.  I know that I'm one drink away from being right back to where I was.  And I will have nine months of missed drinking that I will need to make up..	On a daily basis I subconsciously plan my relapse.  I think about the aroma of a nice beautiful ale and licking the cold tingly foam from my beard.  I'd drink that pint so slowly and savor every sip.  I would tell myself that this is a one time only thing.  Tonight I will drink and tomorrow I will go back to not drinking..	The thought lurks in my subconscious my unconscious in my dreams.  I think I know how it will be.  Maybe I won't drink again the next day or the day after that or maybe I make it a week.  But that seed will have been planted and it will grow and grow so slowly and strongly so stealthily that I won't even know it's there.  Then it will be a drink on special occasions; a glass of wine at Thanksgiving a 22oz beer of something special for Christmas maybe an Alpha King from Three Floyds?  New Year's Eve  I'll give myself permission to go all out to show the Normies how it's done.  Beer champagne shots a Bloody Mary for my New Year's Day breakfast and a six pack for a chaser..	I'd probably take it easy again at least for a time.  My daughter's birthday sister's birthday brother in-law's birthday my uncle's birthday my BFF's birthday are all at the end of January.  And there will be alcohol lots and lots of alcohol.  And then there's the Super Bowl.  .	Then maybe I'd take it easy again for a bit.  I would start  moderating  again.  A beer or two on Fridays.  A beer or two on Saturdays.  Then after that it'll be over.  Not right away but I'll be back to  moderating  with a six pack plus every single day..	Not drinking is hard but moderating is harder.  There is this constant self-bargaining  OK one more but tomorrow I'll drink less. .And then  I'll get some expensive beer tonight but I'll get cheap beer the rest of the week. .	I'm a 35 years old male a single parent.  I would drink a beer or two in front of my daughter but then I'd usually wait for her to go to bed so I could get down.  I would get frustrated when she wouldn't go to bed not because it was 10:00PM and my four year old daughter was still awake but because I wanted her to go to bed so I could get my proper buzz on.  Now I have *almost* no trouble getting her to go to bed..	The mornings were bad.  I am not a morning person and I'm still not a morning person.  It was hell trying to get out of the house in the morning being all hungover.  Trying to get my daughter ready myself ready and the dog set for the day.  Mornings are still difficult but they are a bit easier when you're not hungover..	I worried about holidays and social events when I first quit.  The thought of not drinking on St. Patrick's Day or Memorial Day baffled me.  I got through those days by focusing on the day at hand and not worrying about a day that was weeks away.  I made it through my birthday Labor Day the World Series and Halloween without drinking..	Not only did I make it through the World Series without drinking I went to Game 5!  I didn't take one sip and I wasn't even tempted.  The excitement of the game was enough.  Seeing the bathroom lines made me thankful that I wasn't drinking alcohol..	When I would go out and drink and know I'd have to drive I knew that I had to moderate and that would make me anxious.  I'd want to get home so I could start drinking at my own pace.  I'd also be so damned paranoid about driving even after only having a beer or two.  Now I'm more engaged when I'm in social situations..	I've become more selfish.  I put myself first.  I put my sobriety before anything and anyone.  I've also begun saying No.  I used to be a Yes man.  Not anymore.  I do whatever I've got to do to make it through the day today without drinking.  My definition of success has also changed.  It's did I get through the day without drinking?  And if the answer to that question is a yes then the day was a success.  .	I've noticed that anxiety and depression are two common themes that run through this sub.  I started getting treatment (again) for my depression and anxiety.  I'm by no means cured but I'm not killing myself by self-medicating.  I used to take so many supplements when I was drinking: Vitamin B liver detox milk thistle magnesium and ibuprofen like M&M's.  It's what I needed to do to feel human enough to function until I could start drinking again..	My life is still a train wreck.  Actually not drinking is the easy part.  Confronting and analyzing all the reasons I drank  that's the difficult and painful stuff.  It's also painful to accept the things I did or didn't do while I was drinking.  I also accept that I'm not going to be able to put my life back together in nine months after 10 plus years of drinking every day...Edit: I did the old cut and paste from word and the formatting is a bit jacked
----------immediate responses--------

Your last paragraph hits extra close to home as someone who is just starting out.  Congratulations on your milestone and thanks for sharing your experience to help those of us following behind you!
I am a couple weeks away from 9 months. Thank you for your post. You have "played the tape through" very accurately at the beginning there. I needed to hear this today.
The way you describe a return is exactly how it played out for me the first 2 times I did a Dry January (before I found this sub). In those days I mistakenly believed that what was required was a break to rewire then moderation would be possible. It might be of others but isn't for me. It's an impossible dream...I also agree that moderation is way harder than not drinking which contributed to my anxiety (which has all but gone now)...Today I only have one rule. Do not pick up the first drink.
[removed]
Congrats on 9 months!
