-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bfpmu/its_the_possibility_of_having_a_dream_come_true/

Ok was just reading the Alchemist and this quote made me pause....Then it made me pause again ... then I underlined the sentence ... and put the book down.  ...We all have dreams ... many people here the dream is to just enjoy life without alcohol ... it seems like a dream most days.  ...Some days I'm jealous of how well some people have seemingly mastered this art and I'm struggling.  Other days I feel like I'm living the dream and it has come true for me....Anyone that starts on this path will probably admit .. a year ... a month ... even a day of sobriety at times is a "dream". For years I dreamed of this like it was an unattainable goal.  I continued to drink and drink and from time to time yea dream of a better life...but I didn't hit bottom or take any action.  Until one day I just did....But this is what makes life interesting and worth living ... your dream of sobriety can come true ... your the author of your book and your the lead role.  How will the story end ?  Now that's the interesting part...."It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting"  ...I dream to be sober and happy....I will not drink today ..
----------immediate responses--------

I am a massive Coelho fan and I think reading his book a few years ago might have been what stirred the first early thoughts of sobriety in my head.  You are completely right.  One day seemed like a dream a month ago.  Now I've gone a month without drinking with one lapse and that lapse made me realize that sobriety IS the dream I was chasing in the bottle and never finding...I'm happy to know there are other fans of The Alchemist on this sub! I may have to pull out my worn copy and reread it for the 100th time :) all while not drinking with you today!
My therapist just gave me this to read. Just finished Dry so I am going to read this next. 
Nice. Lol though my dream is to be with the one I love not drinking is an awesome one too. I will not drink with u tonight 
When you want something all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it
Thank you for this. It's weird. I smokedsmokedsmoked all through college. Then one day I just quit. I mean QUIT. The whole thing became repulsive to me. Sort of the same with drinking. God I drank and drank and drank ( 50 years worth...) and then I just stopped. I really can't stand the smell of booze  now. Are these dreams that have come true? I hope so. Enjoy your Sunday.
