-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bgrke/does_anyone_use_a_reward_system_to_help_you_stop/

I'm getting really frustrated with myself. I'm drinking to rebel during times I shouldn't. I'm on call this weekend and I got black out drunk last night and I could have been called in but I got lucky. ..I'm trying to find a way to make me stop and think before I drink on a whim because most of the time when I get the idea to drink I drink pretty much immediately. I was thinking maybe a reward system would help because then I would maybe stop for a second and maybe in that second decide not to drink instead. STOP is a skill in DBT but I'm still struggling to actually get myself to stop and think...Is this a good or bad idea? And what kind of incentives/rewards would be good?
----------immediate responses--------

At first when I'd leave the store without buying any vodka I'd reward myself by buying candy. 
You can set your eyes on something nice and big in the future reminding yourself how much you need to save that drinking money for it...I caution against rewarding yourself ahead of time though. Before I got sober I tried buying a ps4 reasoning I wouldn't drink cause I couldn't afford it. That lasted 3 days.....
[removed]
Treat. yo. self. I ate a ton of icecream during my first couple months of sobriety.  I eat pretty healthily now but I needed to keep myself full of junk food and videogames to get by without the alcohol during the early days. 
waking up without shame or feeling awful is a reward for me...Additionally I attend AA and get tokens and recognition which does help. I look forward to them 
The second day on the route to sobriety I treated myself to a ton of candy and goodies. But that only made me feel 2 times worse a few hours later the immune system is weak the days after the last binge...So I decided to eat healthy and treat that in itself as a reward and the thing about eating healthy is that it tastes SO much better than the processed food (candy)...Here's how I "Treat" myself. Instead of buying the usual cheap stuff one eat to "survive" I think...I want to buy some high quality meat today maybe high dollar bread and all the stuff I want to put on it no holds barred (I realize that not everyone can do that but if you can spend money on a bottle of vodka you most certainly can purchase a nice steak instead)...I literally stuffed my refridgerator with good healthy (normal) food. Not like a health fanatic...like only eating carbs or only eating fat or ...something that is crazy strict - but just healthy unprocessed food and mix it as I wanted that did the trick for me - now I feel great!..I do treat myself to candy once in a while still but I don't binge on it excessively. Two small 40gr bars is enough together with natural unbuttered low salt popcorn...and it can be quite healthy instead...Good luck!.
