-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bhnlp/relapsed_again_it_sucks_dont_do_that/

A little background about me:..I started using drugs when I was in college and really only started drinking heavily until I was about 21. My alcoholism was instant and pretty evident early on with me drinking a half liter of whatever rum or vodka I had laying around. After several hospitalizations going to detox and failing again I went to rehab in 2012. It was great. Was there for 90 days felt great went to sober living but only stayed sober for two months (I hated it as an atheist) and was back in and out of drug/alcohol abuse for several months. Then in 2013 I got sober (without AA somehow) got a job things started getting better and I managed to stay sober for two and a half years my longest period of sobriety...That's when the long term sobriety stopped. I relapsed for a couple of days twice last fall with about a month of sobriety in between and started drinking on and off from January through May of this year. Started going to AA occasionally and got a sponsor. Got two months of sobriety and had a major week long bender in July. Went to detox for 3 days. Started going to AA every day and working with my sponsor even more rigorously. Got 3.5 months of sobriety. Had another week long relapse ending this last Thursday. (Relapse for me equals skipping work and going through 3 1.75l bottles and 42 beers) This last relapse was me thinking I had been doing well enough I could go on a trip out of state for a couple of days on my own. Well I was wrong as I immediately relapsed. It sucked. I feel defeated miserable guilty sick and depressed...I'm thinking about switching sponsors as I know mine is going to scold me and tell me I need to move into sober living which a) didn't work before and b) I don't think will work again. Secondly I'm an atheist and he is a devout Christian and while we work together okay I think some of our struggles in AA are different as he got sober once and stayed sober thereafter. Any thoughts on anything?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Honestly it doesn't sound to me like AA is doing much for you. Have you tried speaking with a therapist trained in CBT or any alternative recovery programs? I was the relapse queen myself for several years and I just kept trying different stuff until I found something that worked. What kept you sober for that 2 1/2 year stretch primarily? If you can call on that plus some extra help from another source maybe you will have better results? Best wishes.
I'm curious what you think it will take for you to be able to protect yourself from alcohol. If you are interested I have a copy of the steps that I used--without the god-stuff. 
I don't believe in any clearly made-up stuff either but what I found as I made every effort with "the god stuff" in AA was that I do *employ the God idea.* That process is key to the changes that happened in my mind leading up to the day when I looked at my hands saying "What the hell?? I don't want booze anymore! What the hell just happened??"  ..When I was told to find a higher power my science-oriented mind just spent more time probing limits. The cosmos quantum shit whatever. One idea I like to play with: "Every atom every particle in this universe is *exactly where it is supposed to be* and it's *doing exactly what it's supposed to be doing.*"  ..I have a hard time arguing with that and it sets me free somehow. I can feel that I'm in good hands.  ..Anyway my "logical" process of doing "God stuff" has ended up being in some ways parallel to what a true believer experiences; I think I have felt some of the same feelings they get when they contemplate things their religious way. This has reduced my hostility toward such things. Not to mention that it helps relieve me of the desire to drink! Also of selfishness. And fear.
Wow. You sure are struggling.   And I admire your persistence.  I believe it will ultimately pay off for you. ...I'm atheist in AA.  The most powerful tools for me are step 1 and playing the tape forward.  ...I know that if I have one drink I'm going to have another.  And I know it will end badly if I start down that road.  ...So playing the tape through is the one thing I have trained myself to always do the second I even think about drinking something.   ...I stop what I'm doing and visualize the next 48 hours in hour by hour detail.   It usually takes 2-3 mins and by then the craving has passed. ...I ignored all the HP stuff for the first couple of years.  I just focused on step 1 and playing that tape forward.   
Sobriety has nothing to do with religion unless you want it to...What do you think would help you and support you?
[deleted]
