-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bm010/regret_and_losing_friends/

My last serious bender got really bad. I wound up having to be hospitalized for several weeks and I turned into a totally different person. A few of my friends at the time were "normies" and didn't quite understand what was going on. I had been hiding the problem and masking it by attributing the withdrawal symptoms to some other medical condition. ..I'm looking back now on all the conversations I had with them and everything I put them through and I'm so ashamed. They are probably still so confused about what was going on although I know that by the end of it they suspected that there was some addiction-related stuff at play. ..Will I ever get over all the bridges I've burned in my active addiction? Will these things I've done ever stop haunting me? It's the number one thing that causes me to relapse. I feel like I'm not worthy of sobriety sometimes because of the amount of shit I've put people through. Nobody deserves to deal with me when I'm drinking. ..At least I won't drink today. Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear what your going through. Don't be so hard on yourself. For myself I realized I can't control or change other peoples views or perceptions....focused all that energy into getting myself better and the rest should all fall into place on its own. Well that's what I believe. :)   you got this!
You can get over the burnt bridges and the haunted feelings yes. You can stop putting yourself and other people through shit...Start by being honest in all your affairs...Doesn't matter if your friends are normies as you say or not. if you go on a bender say so. Take responsibility for your actions...For me outpatient rehab was really helpful and so we daily AA meetings. Having guidance and answerability helped keep me honest until the honesty came on it's own along with sobriety...One day at a time is all you have to do I will not drink today either..
Your last few lines struck a chord with me. I also thought I wasn't worthy of sobriety because I need to punish myself for not being enough not reaching my goals giving up on my dreams and a slew of other things. It took me years to figure out what was wrong and I wanted to tell you what I should have told myself all that time ago: ..You ARE worthy of sobriety. 
