-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bmlc1/60_days_and_major_urge/

I'm in my third major stint of sobriety after a couple month period of occasional slips and lapses. I just hit day 60 (my two previous sobriety periods were around 100 to 130 days). ..Overall I've been pretty strong in this sobriety stint. I've gone to some support groups talked openly with a good friends been wide open and honest and held accountable by my fianc  and soon to be wife and been open with my counselor. ..Out of all my life this is the point in which I have the most to lose and I know surrendering my sobriety will be the quickest way to lose it. ..Anyways at day 60 I'm excited but specifically struggling. I had a long and fun weekend  it amidst the fun yesterday involved some really unhealthy eating. That eating led me to feeling really crummy this morning. In my days of drinking I'd often get major urges to drink again the morning after when feeling crummy because it was the only way to feel better. In addition to that I'm working from home today which has historically presented opportunities to drink. ..I'm firmed in my sobriety and will NOT drink today. But I could really use some encouragement to help me through!
----------immediate responses--------

I found the period between 60 and about 150 days to be some of my hardest so I can understand where you're coming from. The urge is still with me sometimes but it gets easier...You are strong the fact that you're so self-aware about where you're at with your struggle is a good thing. You know your weaknesses which means you also probably know ways around them...You've got this. All you need to do is keep your head up. Distract yourself with anything you can. Do something nice for yourself that isn't alcohol. Just keep pressing forward and don't let drinking be an option...I'm not drinking with you today!
This too shall pass. You can handle this. I'm not drinking with you today!
If challenges exist mostly in the same time frame most often change the routine of that time frame.   Even if the first thing you do is brush your teeth put on comfy clothes then open your front door and go for a walk..By the time you get home you may want a shower you may want to eat and the idea should be washed from your psyche...Perhaps stop beating yourself up if you slip up a little on the eating right now. Focus instead on the reasons you do not want to drink...For me outpatient rehab helped a lot and especially the regular and enduring support and guidance of others at AA meetings.  
