-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bopcp/giving_sobriety_another_go/

Hey guys just returned here from going on about a 2 month binge. Two months ago I stayed sober for about three week(longest time I've ever been sober since I was 14 yo). Not every night was terrible but every night I drank at least a bottle of wine unless I was too sick to get up from bed. This past weekend some friends came into town and I was basically drunk from sunrise to sunset. I've also been using adderall very heavily too I'm in college and its something I struggle with along alcohol(especially because it has enabled me to be a very functional drunk). I'm supposed to graduate in December and trying to stay sober with all the other things going on in my life seems so terrifying to me. Saturday night was just so bad though I made a complete idiot of myself. I feel like this time around I am really seeing how bad things could become if I continue to drink. Im sorry if this post is not written very well I am just feeling so much anxiety and I'm overwhelmed with everything right now. You guys are such a huge help to me and Im glad that I can come here and read about yall's experience. It really helps me. I hope everyone has a great day. Thanks for letting me rant.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you came back.  Realizing you are on a bad path is a good first step.  Now you have to work out how to get off that path. Take a real hard look at yourself being completely honest with yourself and figure out what is at your core. Why you drink/use.  It won't be easy I'm still struggling with dealing with what I found at my core. .You're still young you need to stop going down this road. In my opinion if you don't do it now you will wake up one day and realize you've pissed away all of your 20's.  Sending you positive vibes I will not drink with you today. 
Welcome back :) I think most of us had a few stop and starts and for me at least my conviction in stopping drinking grew each time until this last time when I felt really confident that even though it was tough quitting was the right thing for me. Hope you find some peace soon I definitely don't miss that horrible drinking anxiety man that was the worst!! Good luck &lt;3
Good to see you back. Always feel free to rant here. Thats what I love about this place. An open forum for us all to speak our minds. I won't drink with you tonite.
