-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5boxnk/incorporating_sinclair_method_as_safety_net/

I have been down this road several times. I went a little over half a year then constantly relapsed for weeks and months at a time. After experiencing ever worsening withdrawals I decided it was time again...I aim for a total abstinence policy but I also have naltrexone. I have put some in my wallet. The idea being:..I would have to wait at least an hour to drink (giving me a chance to decide not to).It would likely allow me to have two instead of twelve..And I would less likely to get lost again for months or worse...Does my logic seem feasible or faulty?..I will not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

Reducing harm associated with drinking benefits everyone: you society the healthcare system friends family etc...:)
Are you self-medicating ? I would seek medical advice naltrexone can have some side effects and is by no means a magical solution although it can help.
The whole "take a pill before drinking" thing didn't always work for me because well...my brain is a bit broken where decisions about alcohol are concerned (or at least it used to be sustained sobriety seems to be healing lots). But if you think it would help I say go for it!
It works if it works for you. Sounds like your doc has already cleared you for Naltrexone? ..If you've had it before and you've got the thumbs up from your doc and you don't have a problem with side effects from it (and your other meds haven't changed) I can't see any problem with it. Generally The Sinclair Method is something you commit to for a period of months but I think your plan has merit. Like Victoria says harm reduction is a big plus in this fight. ..I used TSM for 5 months after a daily drinking addiction that spanned over 30 years so I know it works. Like you say it's way way better than flying off into a binge. 
I'm on the naltrexone implant and it works wonders for me.  No pill to "forget."  I simply have no interest in drinking.  I'm also doing therapy to talk through some of the issues that drove me to drinking.
