-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bpqdr/it_is_ok_to_stand_up_and_speak_up_to_stop_the/

I'm writing this from Waaaaay up in the air on a plane on my way to see my AA Sponsor.  She moved to Arizona 1 year ago but we've remained close and I miss her badly. ..As I've posted recently I'm recovering from a minor outpatient surgery.  I'm cleared to fly obviously but I'm sore and tired.  Add that to a bit emotional from my first major trip without my spouse in the last 7 years at least...and it hit me a bit harder than I thought.  ..I can't pick up the phone for a phone call up here...and even though I'm in seats with "complimentary premium beverages" I need to protect myself...so when the thoughts started tumbling down and down I got up and told the flight attendants.  I explained I'm in recovery and I'm dealing with pain and anxiety...but under no circumstances can I be served alcohol.  ..Does that mean I wanted to drink?  No not really...but I'm vulnerable in my present situation.  Despite the knowledge that my sponsor would TOTALLY whip my ass if I relapsed ON THE WAY to see her...(Yeah that is an SD post I would not enjoy writing) the temptation and the insanity of addiction still exists back in my reptile brain...So today I am reminded:  It is ok for me to stand up to stop the avalanche of unhealthy thoughts...to take whatever measures needed to protect my recovery.  I am human..and I'm just doing my best.  ..Stay sober my friends...Mouse..Also: Hitting turbulence.  Not a fan...
----------immediate responses--------

Inspiring! .Hope your recovery is swift and your visit wonderful!
Safe Travels!!  Let us know how it goes!
Awesome! To me that's such a brave and smart thing to do. I imagine myself in that situation and I would probably just sit there and stew about it and be miserable in general. That must have been quite a relief to take drinking off the table as an option all together. Thanks for the inspiring post. Have a great trip and time with your sponsor!
