-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5brln5/needing_strength_support/

Been reading SD for some time now and finally was able to sum up the courage to post. Today marks day 3 for me. I realize it's a small victory but I'll take it. I'll try to keep this short and to the point. I've been an alcoholic for many years and finally reached my all time low. Losing job wife and daughter(hopefully not for good) due to my addiction...On top of the addiction I struggle with depression and anxiety. What I'm mostly getting at is that now that I am sober and sleeping alone on the floor of my empty apartment. Where do I go from here? I watch a lot of TV(Netflix and Hulu) but the nights are still so hard to get through. I can't seem to fall asleep until almost morning and that's only for an hour or so...So my questions are:.Any suggestions for the nightly depression/insomnia especially now being sober?.How long am I going to have multiple cravings throughout the day?.When does sobriety get easier?..Thank you so much SD! Appreciate and welcome your suggestions/comments.
----------immediate responses--------

I take melatonin and it makes me sleepy. And I saw a psychiatrist and got meds for the depression.
This is a great group with lots of wonderful support. Lean on us when you're feeling low. I find the evenings the hardest and so I've been eating my body weight in chocolate to help with cravings. Depression is common (alcohol affects dopamine production in the brain responsible for happy) so seek help from a dr if possible. I won't drink with you today. 
Melatonin is great but the sleep will get better soon. I promise! I lost my marriage and house last year and have my son five nights per fortnight as long as I am not under the influence of alcohol. My depression and anxiety issues improved so much with sobriety. I am no longer depressed and the anxiety is manageable. An in patient detox really helped me as well as AA and a therapist. Sobriety is still not easy but the first week is the hardest and then it just gets a bit better day by day. Hang in there. I still greatly regret the end of my marriage but life is so much better than it was and I am looking forward to Christmas.
Sobriety seemed to get easier after I got 100% honest with someone about all the horrible things that I did or had happen to me. I think I was foaming at the mouth in madness before I did that. ..Good job on your decision to quit. Do you have a plan yet on getting through the day?
I don't have any tips for the sleeping thing since my alcoholism hasn't progressed there yet (it won't if I have a say in it) but I wanted to chime in here if you don't mind. ..I just keep working on changing the way I think about alcohol. Not necessarily dwelling on all the bad shit is has caused but what will happen if I decide to pick up a drink.. It makes the cravings less and less for me at least.   ..You already are an inspiration to me here. You found the courage to post here thank you for doing that. I feel it helps to keep my mind straighter. 
Hi and welcome! Thanks for having the courage to post I'm happy to see that you've joined our family...I'm sorry about what you're going through but I'm glad you made this brave decision. Here's my 2 cents:..My depression and anxiety got much better with sobriety. I went to inpatient detox and it helped significantly. However I also participated in counseling and was prescribed medications by my doctor. Today I can't believe how much happier and stable I am. As for sleeping well...it can't be very comfortable on the floor of an empty apartment (I've been there and I wound up folding a feather bed in half topping it with extra comforters and pillows and making the best of it. Seriously.) but I also used melatonin Sleepytime tea and relaxation music. It takes time for the body to recover and adjust but this helped to ease the process for me...I see that you'd like to start reading - great idea! There's plenty of reading material in the sidebar on the right including a free version of This Naked Mind. Also I read the FAQ's Saturday Shares posts etc.. I spent a lot of time in our IRC chatting with amazing SDers live 24/7. The link is in the sidebar as well...Things are about to get much better just hang in there and keep coming back here. It's a pleasure to share this journey with you :).
Go to a mtg at night...Going for walks during the day..Try not to have naps during the day..Hang in there! 
Congrats on day 3. One day at a time. I tried to keep busy enough during the day so I would fall asleep early but in the early days and evwn now i tend to wake up through out the nite. I got back into video cames again to keep my mind busy. I try to taje it one day and one hour at a time.  I will not drink with u tonight 
I've been advised that sleep will get wonky for awhile and am anticipating a week or two of shitty sleep and feeling crappy as a result. I imagine that's what's happening for you too. We no longer are drinking ourselves to sleep. ..I don't have any suggestions beyond what others have said but please keep posting and let us (me) know how the sleep goes and if you find anything that works. ..Congrats on doing such hard thing and making it to day 3!
Hi there..The sleep gets better but it may take a while.  Like give yourself 90 days of not drinking before you think you have a sleeping disorder.  Even then those of us with overactive minds (like me) dont sleep regularly.  I find things to do that keep me out of trouble for the most part haha...Seriously though having the urge to drink in the middle of the night is the worst.  That is what is good about this sub in that you can post here and get some support whenever.  Also try prayer and mediation... if you cant fall asleep maybe you could calm yourself down.
Hey there. I find reading helps take my mind off drinking  especially because I couldn't read properly while drunk so the two aren't associated. The library is my friend. This reddit every morning helps shore up my determination. You can do this !! I will not drink with you today 
Baby yourself for a while.  The transition from essentially poisoning yourself everyday to regaining a healthy lifestyle is really tough.  I'm of the opinion that people should use every crutch available.  For me it was the terrible habit of smoking a shit load of candy video games etc. etc.  Is increasing you're smoking a terrible way to get healthy?  Sure.  But I was in an alcoholic hell and I was dying a little each day.  I'm so much better now.  I'm close to a normal person ;)  I feel great I don't crave.  I don't even think about alcohol all that much rarely ever in a positive light.  It took quite a while to get here.  But it comes as an inevitable consequence.  Essentially you have to get rid of the elephant in the room before you can work on the rest.  I'm going to quit smoking soon I have a plan and will succeed.  I never accomplished anything when I was drinking.  Get rid of the elephant first!..A guy at my AA says there's only two things to do in early sobriety "Don't drink and go to a meeting.  Or if you don't like that go to a meeting and don't drink."  Now I'm not saying you should go to AA to each their own.  It works for some and not for others.  I do think getting **help** is essential whatever it is.  I'm convinced no one gets sober alone.  So just switch out "meeting" with "help".  Get help and don't drink are you're only two requirements in early sobriety.  Not easy by any means but simple...You can absolutely do this!!!  I drank for 15 years almost every day.  If I can get sober you can too!!  Good luck on this adventure!!  If you stick with it it gets easier day by day and week by week.  Keep your head down.  Again baby yourself.  You're an awesome person and you deserve this!!  Congratulations on your 3 days!!!..edit: added a little
Going more than a day is not a small victory it's huge!..You've proved to yourself that you can hit your pillow sober. Sleep will come...I've found that sobriety continually gets easier as time goes on and the more distance I put between myself and my last drink the less I think of it. It's now been quite some time since my last craving. ..Please stick with it I'll not drink with you today in support.
Longtime insomniac here. I love to read but find that reading TV and cell phone surfing in bed just prolongs the agony..But I have found that classical music (symphonic not jangly harpsichord stuff) helps even if your not normally into that music..The complexity takes up a lot of your bandwidth without getting the adrenalin going..Be well and hang in.
As is said here so often it does get better.  But having just relapsed I know that I can expect this first week to be a big fat zero on the fun scale.  I hope that you and all us don't forget what this first week is like - it sucks!  All the more reason to not repeat it.  
