-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bsb5b/today_im_11_months_sober/

And for the first time I feel like I really achieved something. I'm happy today and the last month has been up & down but I've been hanging on and my mood is on average pretty good. ..Even though its pretty much dark outside all the time and there's annoying snow on the ground and it's cold I'll be having a better winter this year than I had last year where I was hungover depressed afraid and on the verge of a mental breakdown...I just wanted to thank you all here for your inspiring stories and naked truth. For all who struggle on day 1 again to the ones who now have been sober longer than they have been drinking. ..**Thank you!**..Edit: Thank you again for all the support and kind words.
----------immediate responses--------

This is inspirational. Thank you and well done!!!!! 
Thank YOU for your story and your inspiration...11 months from where I sit is a LOT of 24 hour periods strung together.  Congratulations and I will not drink with you today!
Congrats on 11. I will not drink with u tonight 
[deleted]
Big congratulations on 11 months that is phenomenal!
Congratulations! 
I'm so happy for you! You put in a lot of hard work. Enjoy a wonderful hangover free Month 11!
Congrats on 11 months! Thanks for sharing
Well done!..Thank you for sharing.
Congrats!
Wow! You give me hope. I'm one of those day 1's. Thank you.
Congratulations! I hope to be where you are soon! Well except for the snow. Not even close to ready for that.
You have done well!  Keep it going.
Good job!  Keep it up!  
Congratulations! 
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!!! You should be proud :) 
Good job !
Congrats
Good for you!
Thank you for sharing...Word to the wise from someone who went back to drinking (back in 2012) after about nine months because . . . . well we all know the excuses.  People change.  Lives change.  Seasons change.  Relationships change.  But addiction is always the same.  No matter how much you've grown if you go back to your addiction it will be exactly where you left it...Sorry to be a wet blanket but I hope my experimentation can save you and others the trouble.  Happy 11 months!
Congratulations!  
[deleted]
woot!  congrats!  
Wow congratulations!!!! That is a major accomplishment :) :)
Congrats BD. You rock. I will not be drinking today in support of you.
That is amazing. Look at yourself in the mirror and take a minute to appreciate how awesome you are. Congrats.
That's good that you can appreciate it.  I understand what you mean.   I passed 9 months and i really felt proud of myself for not drinking  for like the first time since i hit 8 days..Congrats!
Awesome!! Congrats. You're an inspiration. :)
