-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5c5wo6/this_its_my_rock_bottom/

My girlfriend is in the crisis center and our drinking is the reason. We relapsed and binged all weekend hard it was gross and ugly. Then Monday night she went out by herself and binged again not coming home until 4am. We both have work at 8. She had to call out and throughout the Tuesday her messages got more and more depressed until she started talking about suicide. She was saying we can't stop and that we're toxic together. I mentioned the crisis center and she agreed so I dropped her off that night for a 3 day stay. I was so depressed at that point realizing my relationship might be dammed and that my own issues were just as large that I drank all night. I woke up feeling awlful so I called out of work today and laid in bed just completely comatose. My boss isn't happy and I haven't been the best employee because of my alcoholism..I didn't drink today even though I wanted to but I don't know that I can keep it up...tldr: I'm an alcoholic my girlfriend is in crisis my boss and coworkers are tired of my shit and I've let everyone down.
----------immediate responses--------

This is a good first step coming on here. Just try and relax and take things 1 minute at a time until you have more strength. I bet your girlfriend misses you so just try and stay sober until she gets out and make it to work the next few days. It will get better my friend I promise. Stop overthinking things that are out of your control. Keep posting updates and don't give in to the urges. Get a badge counter on here and it will track your sobriety. It's fun and rewarding. 
Good work on badge counter.  Girlfriend will need you (a sober you) soon.  No expert here but I know it can be done and does get better with time.  If you don't mind reading This Naked Mind helped me and others a bunch.  Good luck and keep posting.
Don't forget to just breath buddy. Everything's going to be ok. Life is out of control at the minute but you're moving in the right direction. ..My life has been out of control numerous times with myself and husband both drinking to excess every single day. I too am moving in the right direction. ..Big internet hugs to you. ..I'm not drinking with you today. 
