-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5c8lc7/first_post_day_1_terrified/

I'm using my main account because for some reason it makes it feel more real for me...This is my first day of not drinking although I can still feel last night's alcohol in me.  I'm terrified of what will happen in a few hours when the boozy morning feeling wears off and the urge comes back.  When the evening patterns begin and I'm empty handed and wanting...I've been lurking in this sub for a few months.  I've been too scared to quit.  I read the posts of the urges and the challenges and the relapses and I'm scared of going through it...My life is such a mess at the moment.  My career is off track due to excessive absenteeism because of booze...My relationship with my long distance girlfriend has been tumultuous and probably even emotionally abusive over the past few months.  Lots of fighting.  Lots of anger on my part.   Anger and alcohol seem to go hand in hand with me recently and the poor girl gets the brunt of my rage via Skype messages.  It's amazing I haven't lost her for good.   Sadly there is so much history and damage now that I'm not sure it will ever heal.  Tuesday night was bad we fought heavily and even broke up.  I was of course drunk and ranting.  I picked the fight.  Accused her of talking to others. ..Anger. Paranoia. Anxiety. Alcohol...My grooming is a disaster.  My hair is sloppy my teeth need fixed and then bleached again my wardrobe needs updated.  My shoes are broken. I'm anorexic.  When I'm hungry I reach for a drink to quench it instead of eating.  I restrict because I hate myself.  Showering once a week maybe twice.  ..My home is a wreck. Dishes filling the sink.  Lightbulbs burned out all over projects half completed.  Recycling overflowing with empty vodka bottles and redbull cans.  I've been showering in the guest bathroom because the one in my master bathroom doesn't drain and reeks like mildew...I'm coasting.  Everywhere I look I see something that needs done and it's all weighing on me.  And the list of things are growing...Bills going unpaid today my car had two flat tires. TWO!  Lack of proper maintenance I saw the tire pressure light come on and didn't act days ago...All of these are effects of one thing - I've been neglecting myself my work my home my relationships everything.  ..I ask myself why.  Depression? Probably.  Anxiety issues? Definitely. But I never really look at one of the if not the main root cause - I spend every evening all evening drinking myself to blackout by myself sitting in my unkept home wallowing in self-pity...I can't do it anymore.  Recently I've begun thinking it's all too hard to dig myself out of.  The holes in every aspect of my life will take so much work to dig out of that it's exhausting to even think of doing any of them.  I'm already so tired so exhausted and the only way out the only true way out is to work even harder.   The thought of it makes me want to vomit.   I've considered the easiest way out is just to hang myself in the garage.  I've thought of it far too much.  But I can't I have a daughter and I could never ruin her life by making her deal with that.  So here I am.  Stuck...I've been divorced for 8 years.  I've been in the bottle the entire time.  Cyclically better and worse...I'm stuck in a job I hate.  I can't change jobs because it pays a stupid amount of money.  I'll never make this much anywhere else.  But it's been 12 years in it and I hate it. Passionately hate it.  I want to puke driving in every morning - out of what the day will bring.  I drive 2 hours every day work 60 hours a week...My exwife found someone and two weeks ago I met him by watching my daughter run to him and embrace him as if he was her father.  I went home and drank...From the outside I look so together I have it made...But inside I'm as empty as this big stupid house.  The one I have to stay in the job I hate to afford.  I'm trapped.  I'm trapped in this hell that I've created and there are no ways out.  So I've been drinking.  A lot....I wonder sometimes if I should just cut ties with everyone sell everything quit the job move somewhere.  But I can't.  I have ties I have family I have a daughter.  For the time being I have to make my stand here....I am here today with this long winded all over the place rant because I need to make a change.  Months of lurking here and self reflection have forced me to conclude that the best change the most fundamental change that can actually allow me to begin to work on all of these troubles - is to stop drinking. ..I want to feel in control again...Day 1 and I'm terrified of how hard this is going to be
----------immediate responses--------

when i quit drinking the anxiety and depression subsided.  my mom was right all along it was the alcohol that was causing the anxiety.  originally alcohol gave me relief from anxiety and depression but at some point it stopped working but yet i continued to drink.  getting sober was impossible for me to do on my own. trust me i tried. i needed to be among others in real life with the same problem as me. the feeling of hopelessness self pity and loneliness dissipated in meetings of alcoholics anonymous. i learned that i wasn't alone and learned to not drink one day at a time
Welcome!!! You can do this! .One thing I find helpful and that was especially helpful in the beginning was making a plan for the evenings so that instead of boredom I knew what I was going to do.usually that was going to the gym and then a list of 5 things I wanted to clean but honestly you could start with one .I find my anxiety and depression is worse when my house is messy. .Gym gives me a burst of energy that I then capitalise on at home and get as much cleaning done as possible which sets me up for a better day the next day and so on.I also stocked my fridge with as many non alcoholic drinks as I could so that when I wanted something cold in my hand I was ready...I'm not even 30 days in but my life has improved vastly. Especially my anxiety and depression which has haunted me for years..I will not drink with you today!  
Does that high income and big house make you happy? I'd rather live in a studio apartment and ride the bus than doing work that makes me miserable 8+ hours per day...Actually thats kind off what i am doing now. Having a low stress and pleasant daily life is The ultimate luxury. Material stuff is way way down The priority list..Anyway sobriety will make evrything more bearable ..
Start thinking about it as the next adventure part of your life. This is day ONE of the new adventure of the REST of your life...Wanna hear something funny? My life kinda resemble you - except without the family part I don't have one. But other than that I had the career the stupid money as you say...worked in an advertisment/merchandise production company that delivered merchandise to the BIGGEST companies in the world and I was their star graphics artist. I'm behind some of the biggest production out there but ...that's in the past...let me share a few words with you:..The pressure was hideous I had tons of project managers and key account managers all over me to make THEIR projects the No#1 priority. Drinking was a main part of our culture and the fact that one of the biggest Beer companies was delivering free beer and huge refridgerators to our workplace filled to the brink with beer didn't make things any better. The mood was high the work was overtime - and the partying hard. We partied like there where NO tomorrow. ..I had money I lived the high life SMACK in the middle of the big city just walking distance from the entire city life. I thought life couldn't get any better. But I was miserable. ..Stressed out people over me all the time work work work pollution in the air constantly sick and down with the flu all the freaking time. Had to look good all the time comments on my weight issues all the time - it all brought me down untill I finally cracked. I quit my job. I was jobless for 2 years and became broke...But quitting my job was one of the best things I ever did even if I loved the TYPE of work I did. I am indeed a graphics designer/animator by heart and always will be it is my passion. ..Later on - I decided to move to the country side I left the safety of the social wellfare system that now had taken care of me after the job (yes we had insurance in case of joblessness) I decided to work up a little money scrape together whatever I could and purchase a little house on the country side...I moved to the neighboring country with only the cash to purchase a small house out on the countryside outright (aka no debt no loans and no mortages)...but also - no jobs in sight. The city only had 14 jobs available per 3 months and they where highly specialized positions I couldn't fill...And I was still drinking heavily.....My happiness increased the healthy countryside air was picking me up. I found new friends out there one of them was a Janitor. He thought I was such a talented guy and he couldn't quite understand what a city slicker like me did out here. Well I said I seeked greener grounds and he helped me get a job at the local schools as a substitute teacher. Thet where all too happy to get someone from the big city out there amongst the country kids...I became the BIG hit out here - everyone swallowed my stories from the big city with extreme excitement. In fact - I became so popular out here that everyone greets me EVERY day and they've done so for the last 6 years - they STILL DO!..But I still had that alcohol problem lingering with me...I was getting worse and worse health wise. I tried to stop several times to no avail the longest I managed was 2 months...Now I decided to just share my stories in here with the rest of you guys and this is my day 12 of soberness. I know somehow that I will never drink again because frankly - I couldn't be happier than out here...Sure - the pay sucks the hours long and seemlingly unfair. Life on the countryside is less mentally stressful than in the big city but we have our share of hardships we need to pull our sleeves up and do the dirty work when we fix our houses help each other out etc. But it's still 10 times better than the stress of the big city...Money isn't everything...Good luck with your life don't be terrified - be happy - this is an ADVENTURE and we'll take it together..
My life is not together but without alcohol I am able to make plans to improve it. I feel more able to relax in the evening knowing I have ticked off the boxes each day. These change and grow. In the beginning it was mostly cleaning and not drinking. Brushing my teeth twice a day. Having a glass of water before bed. Once those were second nature I'd add more. I started chipping away at bills. Things I didn't want to do things I drank to forget things that made me anxious. I told myself to suck it up and do it that I'd feel better. And I did. ..And so I continue this process of goals and plans to get there. Nothing too huge it's not an overnight thing. Every little step is a step in the right direction. I can't go back into the past and make different decisions but I can make the right decisions today. I'm not too hard on myself. I make time each day to relax. ..Like I said I certainly don't have my life together. But I'm in a far better place than I was four months ago and I continue to take steps and push myself. ..I get that urge to just up and move but like you I have ties. It's not something I could seriously consider. And for me I think it's just that urge to want to get away from my problems as though a different city would just magically be a fresh start. When I have those thoughts I try to answer them by taking a minute to find gratitude for where I am right now. ..My mental health has improved significantly. ..I put in work every day but it's work I'm happy to do for myself because I'm worth it. I'm worth so much more than that life I was living. I have self-respect again. ..There are hard times but that's life. There will always be hard times. I was making them so much harder than they needed to be with alcohol. ..I was scared too. It's normal to be scared. We are here with you. I am not drinking with you today. 
If it helps I quit a high paying miserable garbage job and now work at something I enjoy. I don't have as much money to burn but I don't dread working...I'm still scared of sobriety. I love it and am so scared I'll screw it up. To be honest I still wish I could drink. I miss escaping to that place which is so bizarre to me since I feel so much better now...Sober was a HARD thing for me to become. I don't know if I'm exceptionally stubborn or what. But I struggled more than I expected and I'm almost a month in and still am pretty pissed off that I can't drink. But I DONT drink and it does make me proud of myself. If you can try doing this with me. We can at least take solace in the fact that somebody else understands. 
I can relate to what you wrote. I drank at home alone always to the point of blacking out/passing out. I "tried" to restrict my drinking to the weekends. I wouldn't shower wouldn't clean. Since I stopped drinking my anxiety and depression are better and my house is clean! I try to take small steps everyday. Trying to change everything at once for me would be too overwhelming. Glad you are here
