-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cbszn/can_anyone_relate_financial_strugglehygeine/

Hi I am still in a rut. I don't have drank in two days after another crazy binge weekender. And I find it keep telling myself that in gonna stop and I don't and I keep making my situation worse and worse. ..Does anyone have experience with drinking most of your money away? Like you are at the bar and you can't seem to stop buying drinks? I get like this often and have no/little money for pay rent by the end of month?..That financial struggle gives me so much anxiety so I keep repeating the cycle month after month. ..Further does anyone have struggle with personal upkeep? When I go on my binge I find just general things are hard to do brushing hair shaving changing clothes? ..Lastly I keep pushing my bills and bills further and further away. I find it hard to open any sort of email or general mail for.months because I explode with anxiety...My anxiety rules me and im so sick of it. My family doesn't understand and a very bashful artist . just trying to put my life in place. Im on my own and I will not drink. Today. ..Can anyone relate? 
----------immediate responses--------

I can definitely relate. I lost about a decade of my financial life to booze although I couldn't see that until after it was done. That said dealing with the damage is doable. Not always easy but doable and totally worth it...Step one as you said at the end is not to drink today. That's the start. Do you have a plan of other things to help you stay sober?
I was the same way with the financial part.  My big awakening moment was a $400 weekend bender.  I'm still working on getting everything caught up but it's incredible to now that I got paid 2 weeks ago and I actually still have money in my account.  I spent years overreacting just to be sure I had beer money...Hygiene was never a real big issue for me I took pride in grooming my beard and always wanted to look good just in case I met someone.  If anything I don't pay as much attention to my appearance now since I usually just go to AA and work.  There's been multiple times I've been at work for a couple hours before I realized by bird stuck a feather in my hair or crapped on me.
I can totally relate and I can tell you the release/relief from that anxiety is really the BEST thing about sobriety. Nothing changes it's just you can deal with it better. I talk about it like the monster in the closet when you're a kid. You hear the monster you imagine it huge and ugly and big teeth and you keep the door closed and you sometimes hear it in there so you cower in the corner or put a chair or four in front of the door. Then your mom comes in and is like "What on earth are you talking about?" opens the door and it's just a little Matchbox car with its wheels buzzing or some tiny silly little thing. Opening the closet door-- whatever's in there-- it gets WAY less scary when you just look at it. 
Showering was the last thing I wanted to do when I constantly felt dirty sick drunk in withdrawal bloated sleep-deprived and depressed...Showering is now one of my favourite times of the day!
Yes to both. Taking care of myself was never high on my priorities but when I was really in a rut I was just a disgusting mess. Unshaven smelly same dirty outfit worn for a week or more. I was pretty gross...Monetarily I was just as bad. I'd float credit card payments so i'd have an extra 20 bucks to spend on beer. And the anxiety that came from all that! I couldn't answer the phone couldn't open the mail couldn't even go to the mailbox. Hell if I got a message on Reddit I'd ignore it for days because I was too anxious about what it might say...In my experience the anxiety really went down after about a week of sobriety. I've started and stopped several times but it's always about 5-7 days in when that weight starts slipping off my shoulders and it seems like my brain chemistry begins to balance out...I've been diagnosed with generalized anxiety and major depression. Throw alcoholism into that mix and you've got a recipe for disaster. I'm doing much better now. Finally got on (and stayed on) medication and it seems to help a lot...Anyway that's just my experience. Congratulations on 2 days! It gets easier. I won't drink with you today.
