-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cozfa/961_days_in_and_im_struggling_a_bit/

Where do I even start? I'm having such a hard time quieting the alcoholic part of my brain right now. I feel myself slowly slipping away from sobriety and it scares me really bad I do know today that the solution is to be more involved in sobriety-related things so here I am..The past few weeks have been rough my grandpa has stage 4 cancer. It's hard watching him go through that I don't want to lose him. I haven't been as active in SD other than doing the check-in and I want to change that before I fall off I'm not thinking about drinking but I'll only keep sober if I participate in sobriety and I know that today. Thanks for keeping me out of a bottle today SD.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear about your grandpa. Keep strong!
Hang in there.  I won't drink with you today.
Sorry to hear about your Grandpa I hope he gets better. I will not drink with you today. Keep up the good work! *internet hug
Hey happy    .No real wisdom here. Just the standard "A drink never made my life easier or better." It really didn't. I also can say that once I pick up that first drink I sort of lose my mind and have to have the next six. Or Eight. And then I feel like crap. And if I do want to dry out two weeks of shakes headaches restlessness irritability and general "oh my god" is terrifying.  I woke up out of a sound sleep because in my dream a buddy handed me a drink and I went to slam a sip and it slipped out of my hand and shattered on the floor. Apt metaphor.   .It scared me awake so I could write this to you.    .    .So tonight I am not drinking with you.
You have come such a long way I hope you don't throw it all away now :) Life will happen no matter if we are drunk or sober but imagine how much you will cry if you open that bottle and how unbearable the hang overs will be when you add sadness and pain. IMO that might lead to more "self medicating" and you are on the carousel from hell again...So sorry to hear about your grand dad xx
I'm sorry about your grandpa. This just brought up something big for me. Both my  grandparents died of cancer several years apart. They were so dear to me. My grandpa went first. I lived a few hours away. If I had been sober I could have driven to be with him and the family to say goodbye. But I wasn't and I couldn't. When my grandma passed I had very luckily not drank too much and was able to make the drive. Being with her while she passed was something that was as heart opening as I could imagine. Yes it was sad but I was there for her. If I could have just one wish it would be to have been there sober when my grandpa passed. If I had another wish it would be to never have touched alcohol in the first place. I won't drink with you today. 
I'm sorry about your grandpa and the struggles you're going through. I'm inspired by your commitment to sobriety and taking action to get ahead of the problem. Thanks for being here and sharing this. 
Hi mate. Thank you for posting this. For me this is what sobriety in the real world looks like. It's a tough gig having to watch a loved one suffer I'm sure but staying sober through these moments are when it really counts. Well done for getting on here and sharing it helps me when I'm struggling as I hope it will for you. Keep it moving forward and all the very best.
I'm not sure if you remember me from a few years ago.  I got squirelly and maybe a bit bored with my sobriety as well. I felt like I was missing out on something. Well I found out through trial and a few errors that there is nothing out there better than sobriety no better life than a sober life and that alcohol enhances nothing   in truth it dulls it. It took me a few months of very  guilted drinking to make the commitment again. And day one was really really hard...mentally. I hope you get to feeling better!  Happy sober Sunday!
Service.   Perhaps to your grandpa.   Go the extra distance if only to write him a letter every day.   ..
Hey HP I'm so sorry to hear about Grandpa. By staying sober and being there for him you're doing all that you can and I admire that...Good on you for realizing that you need to participate in sobriety-related-stuff to keep sober! I'm so glad you came here (and I haven't seen you in a bit so I wanted to check in with ya). You Grandpa and your family are in my thoughts and prayers and I wish you continued strength and love. xoxo :)
I would head to an AA meeting and connect with other recovering people in person.  Stay close.  Of course you want to drink.  You are emotionally triggered.  Do whatever you have to do to get through this.  A drink will always take a shitty situation and make it worse.
Thanks for posting. Amazing to see you have so many days behind you. Your post makes me think that maybe sobriety is a choice for all of us everyday we have the choice to drink or not. I'm saying yes to sobriety today with you.
HP we're here for you. Glad you are being honest with yourself and with us. What else can you focus on during this hard time? It sounds like staying sober would be a good way to honor your grandfather and be present for him. Sending you a hug!
Do it for him for now and also which ever parent he is the dad of.
Sorry for your loss...A drink won't bring him back or make it feel better. It'll mean you've lost two things recently instead of one. ..Would your grandpa want you to break a tremendous sobriety streak for him? I doubt it.
Hang in. You can do it.
Sorry to read about your grandfather.  It must be very difficult for you to see a loved one go through that....You already know that booze will only make things worse.  Hang tough my friend.
I have your back friend and I am proud to not be drinking with you today.  Thank you for sharing.
Hey hp--good to hear from u. Always enjoy ur posts. I have these moments of doubt craving and struggle periodically. Its really hard and i hate it. But if i can physically get thru it without drinking alcohol it passes and leaves completely. I hope u get some support here. Always helps me to think -- in detail -- thru the drinking experience. Remembering the drunken depression...the horrible sleep...the passing out...the dizziness and disorientation. The details of the morning after the crippling disappointment and self betrayal. The nausea. The shame. Etc :)
Really pulling for you to make it through!
