-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cqnrb/hold_on_to_me_cause_im_a_little_unsteady/

Hi everyone..I have been feeling a bit down lately for several reasons and not feeling as confident in my sobriety.  I have had two recent dreams in which I drink which for me is also an indication.  I haven't had them since I began my sobriety.  I think it's my unconscious brain "missing" drinking and trying to push me towards it...I jumped on here this morning to write a post about my recent struggles.  What I found were several posts detailing feelings similar to my own.  I am not alone in my struggles although sometime it can feel like that...Instead of a lengthy post about each trial and tribulation in my life I instead want to encourage everyone to hang in there no matter what.  There is something in each of my days that reminds me fondly of SD and it's wonderful members as I am sure happens to many other people on here.  So we should never feel alone knowing how many are thinking of and rooting for us in our sobriety.  ..A song was on the radio this morning that made me think of my need of support.  ..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0lw3qylVfY..After reading through some posts I can see that many others need the same support and I would like everyone to know that SD will indeed hold on to them just as I know they will do the same for me...Love .butt_dance..
----------immediate responses--------

I needed this today too! Thank you! I will NOT drink today- and will imbibe in coffee and sparkle water instead!
The dreams are nothing to get excited about. Anything that makes a well-worn path in the brain is likely to fire up at some point. I haven't worked in a restaurant for twenty years but still have a kitchen-panic dream every so often.
my eight year old daughter heard that song in my car last week and said "but if you grab him arent you going to fall too? He already said hes unsteady ".While I thought that was a genius observation I told her the song  was about asking for help which can be hard 
I've been having those dreams too. The best part of them is knowing that they aren't real. I am learning that Not Drinking is an amazing thing we have going. I want to keep holding on to it.. 
THAT SONG GETS ME. I heard it on the radio when it first came out and had to pullover because it hit me so hard. My life wasn't held together I was trying to pull through and I was let go by the person I loved most in the process. The words "if you love me don't let go" are a cry for help. If someone lets you go... they don't love you. That's the hardest thing I'm trying to come to terms with. 
DAMNIT - watching the video now and so freakin powerful. I never even noticed or thought the song would have ties to alcoholism. ..By the way - I've woken up in a cold sweat from drinking dreams and so far - used the fear when I woke up to fuel my continued abstinence. Good luck. &lt;3
So needed right now hanging on by my fingertips...I wont drink with you today.
Same with you (you saw my other post.) Feeling down. I know that SD responses definitely helped me today. Here's a little additional something.....Walking with my 8 year old daughter earlier today in the park I asked her what she thought the best thing to have to improve one self would be and she immediately replied "grit". I was a little surprised that she even knew the word in that context and asked her if she knew what that was. She said "you never give up no matter what."..Smart kid. She reminded me of something important today.
Thank you! 
This is the first time I heard this song. The song and the music video spoke volumes to me. It's like a spitting image of me currently. I needed this video and your post tonight. Thank you!
You are not alone and we are here for you!  I will not drink with you today! 
&lt;3 
