-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cr3o0/i_relapsed/

And I feel really bad about it. I can't seem to get this sober thing under control. I keep relapsing and keep getting bad things happen to me when I'm drinking. My addiction is starting to get worse and I don't know what to do about it. I lost my job and my husband. I'm laying here with alcohol poisoning. I don't even find drinking attractive anymore. ..I went to rehab and that didn't work. I've been going to meetings. If anyone has any advice please let me know. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in rehab now. Lots of people are there for second or third time and have better insight as to why it didn't work the first time. Hint: It's not necessarily the rehab. I'm here if you need me. I was right where you are and will be again if I don't work at it. 
I'm sorry you are struggling. It's good you are posting and staying in touch. Having a therapist and sponsor helped me stay sober; going it alone was impossible. 
&gt;If anyone has any advice please let me know. ..Well I don't have any magic words or sage advice but I do know one thing. If you keep trying something might happen. If you give up then you will never recover. I found that a lot of introspection helped me. Other people find rehab AA and therapist help. Getting sober for me didn't feel like taking a college course and reading the coursebook and listening to the lectures. It felt like I was the student but I was also writing the text book and giving the lectures to myself. I drew a lot of inspiration and insights from r/stopdrinking...Good luck. Don't give up or get discouraged. You are going to figure this out.
What helped me was embracing the pain of not drinking. There were times when I was about to cry how much I wanted to get drunk after seeing people buying alcohol. It is about forcing yourself to stay sober through those hard moments that surely changed me for the better. For me pain is the only way how I transform so every time I am in pain I remember that this is the moment of my transformation. I will be a bit different once its over...
I needed professional help to quit drinking.  Addiction therapy family therapy  and AA helped me.  Bottom line though until I was truly ready to stop nothing would have changed.  I had quite a few false starts.  Keep going.  I hope you get the help you need.
A. I just lost my husband moved to another state living with grandma until I'm on my feet again he kept my dogs  so I Def can relate and feel your pain.  I am sorry. ..B. Rehab the first time - drank the same day I got out.  Not proud of it but it happened. ..C. Rehab the second time - I got super honest paid attention more to my feelings making connections/reasons participated more kept a "not my monkeys not my circus" attitude - want anti social - just didn't let there personal problems distract me from mine (can't pour from an empty/contaminated cup)...D. Still was really hard getting back into society -  I mean in rehab there's not really any cravings because I couldn't get anything. Outside it's  everywhere. ..What I figured out: SD works best for me I get really lonely 7pm is hard for me the gym helps  structure is necessary need personal developed to be mindful and grateful to accept help even though I'm stubborn as hell... anyway that's as far as I got - in all a work in progress. I'm on serious attempt 4 &amp; still a work on progress. ..You are on here so you are doing something great for yourself. I'm proud you came back and are here I hope you feel better soon. 
Oh and I love RHCP. Before alcohol u was addicted to concerts... paid over $8pp to see them with a friend in HS
I relapsed again also. I know for me is the isolation lonliness and heart ache. I can handle it and stay strong on my own for only weeks at a time and it gets to be too much  How I wish for that one person to be a bit more supportive for me and help. It us very hard to have to do this all alone. Fir tonight lets together not drink tonight  
