-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cxhhs/accidentally_ingested_alcohol_again_heartbroken/

Hey all! I'm new to the group and am so grateful you guys exist. I've been reading through all the posts and relate to everyone so much. I love that you are nice people too...I stopped drinking on 11/9. I thought I was done for good a few times before that. The first time I lasted one week the second time one month then a whole two months before relapsing again. One of those times I got the itch to drink again after having kombucha tea (which has trace amounts of alcohol; I didn't think it would trigger the craving but it sure did). ..Well just now I bought some ginkgo biloba to help with the cognitive impairments as of late.. and I bought the liquid drops being used to my Vitamin D drops that are set in an oil thinking it would be easier to absorb. Looking only for the words "gluten-free" on the label I didn't notice the ginkgo was set in 57-67% organic cane alcohol. As soon as it hit my tongue I knew. I felt complete horror. I feel shame for not knowing better. I plan to get rid of the product immediately of course and never use it again. I just really hope it doesn't cause me to crave...But if it does I'm grateful to have this resource and will continue to read through your posts at least once a day. Thanks for opening my mind to AA you guys. Pretty sure I got it this time.
----------immediate responses--------

It's okay. It was never your intention to consume alcohol and there is no reason to treat it as you would be day zero. Just be more mindful for the alcohol content of the products you buy. ..You are doing great!
You've done nothing wrong. If it triggers cravings they will pass. ..Congratulations on your resolve to not drink! 
I don't consider accidental consumption a relapse at all. If you said "oh this is boozy?" and kept drinking then it's no longer accidental...You're doing the right thing by sharing. Keep it up!
It's all about intent. You weren't intending to drink so don't give it another thought. I was given what I thought was orange juice but was a mimosa on an airplane. I took a sip and realized it had champagne in it. No need to beat yourself up over it. 
Hi there!  A year or two ago I ordered a coke from the pool bar of a resort and I was handed a jack and coke.  I took one sip and instantly knew but I decided then and there that I wasn't going to build this into something bigger than it was.  I didn't decide to drink. It wasn't a relapse.  It wasn't my fault...I decided a long time ago that I wasn't going to let alcohol control me and falling into some silly shame spiral was just another way to let alcohol control me.  Instead I gave the drink to a friend and ordered another coke.  ..This was a triumph for me.  I didn't relapse or make excuses and it would have been incredibly easy considering I was at a pool bar for a bachelor party and whiskey/coke used to be my drink of preference.  I exercised control and my sobriety was in a better place after this drink than it was before the drink because I knew that I wouldn't let anything affect my sobriety.  Please don't be tough on yourself.  Don't let alcohol consume your thoughts.  You've done a great job and you have nothing for which to feel shame.
Thank you for posting this I love kombucha and haven't had it in a while...I was thinking about getting some but was concerned about the small amount of alcohol. I think I'll steer clear of it. 
One time after 6 months sober I was at a business party drinking a club soda with a lime in it. Put it down and turned to talk to someone turned back and picked up what I thought was my drink. Looked like it but it was a gin and tonic (the lime tricked me).  Stupidly kept drinking it because (?-embarrassed to discard a drink?) Led to a massive relapse of months. ..Now I know that accidental ingestion isn't a relapse as long as I have the strength to just put it down and not continue drinking...You did fine i'm proud of you.
I always try to remember that awful feeling of shame and defeat after drinking again and use it to prevent me from going down the same road...This may not apply to your case because it was just accidental but I'm just saying.
