-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5d509m/its_so_hard_quitting_at_a_young_age/

I'm 20 and in college. I've been in the cycle of benders-withdrawal-sobreity-relapse for two years now. I've built a reputation as a drinker...I want to stay sober but drinking seems to be the only way people socialize here. At my age it's almost expected that I drink regularlly. I don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
After some questionable decision making in my late childhood and adolescence I stopped drinking between the ages of 18 and 21. I let others do the drinking then. I hung around it and enjoyed the craziness laughing all the while because I was still in control...As soon as I started to feel left out my troubles began. It took 15 years of drunken foolishness for me to remember why I stopped in the first place...There are lots of coffee drinkers at college. It's a different crowd but they're out there.
[removed]
Depends on your point of view. 20 in college opportunity to quit sounds like bliss. Can also wait another 10 and drop out and fuck up the rest. Choices my friend you have 'm isn't it wonderful?..*spelling
I'm 23 and still in undergrad largely because of my drinking. By the time I was 20 I knew I had a full blown problem but I pushed on. And guess what? It got worse. All of it. The benders the blackouts the withdrawal. My grades relationships and health all suffered. I'm fortunate to still be in good health. Hell I'm lucky I'm not six feet under. Getting help is tough but it's better than the alternative which for me is either dead or wishing I was. 
I thought the same thing at 20 and it took me 5 more years to realize drinking wasn't doing me any good. Now I'm 29 in and out of programs for 4 years still relapsing every couple of months. I just can't seem to get the ALWAYS sober thing right..And now I look back and realize I don't speak to friends from college and I don't work in the career field I received my degrees because everyone was progressing and I was... well just getting wasted. I didn't make life-long friends or build a career because alcohol consumed my life. 
I pretty much threw away a very expensive college experience for booze in favor or learning. One of my biggest regrets. Plus my drinking and it's consequences just got worse as I got older. I'm 24 now so I know what it feels like to be young and missing the party. But I've learned in the past few months that I'd rather miss that party than go on living like I was.
I feel your pain. I'm 25 and only at one week. If I could even at my young age I would go back and quit drinking. I was in a fraternity in college and you sound exactly like me. Unfortunately I continued and I have lost girlfriends friends a shit load of money and almost my professional career to booze. There are MANY times where I have gone on a bender/blackout and honestly I'm lucky nothing extremely bad (arrest death injury DUI etc.) has happened to me b/c of my drinking. Keep trying man. If you have to just pretend and drink a cranberrry/tonic at bars or whatever and no one will know. Or solo cups no one knows anyway what is in there. I won't drink with you today. 
Getting sober at a young age and staying sober leads to getting older sober...I am really glad I got sober while I was younger.   Sure I missed out on a lot of partying and that at times.  However I did get to experience so much cool stuff sober that I wouldn't trade a minute of any of the days I have been sober for....Be good to you today you deserve it. 
I am thirty I am known in my family (on both sides) as the unapologetic drinker.  My wife says nobody cares 'cause I'm nice and friendly.  My son knows when daddy doesn't feel good.   Don't be like me.  Besides you will want to remember everything you learn in college it's expensive! 
There are groups that get together for the purpose of supporting each other stay sober. In college towns you would be shocked how many normal young people there are. Non drinking people are the best people to "socialize" with when you are first getting sober. Speaking from experience (got sober at 22)
OH MAN. If I had quit at 20 I'd have saved myself a world of pain. You are so lucky to even be trying at this age! Look at the BIG PICTURE! the world is your freakin' oyster.. you can do this
Also 20 here and I have to say most people are the same around here. Lots of people like to drink and sadly I've had to distance myself from my old group of friends because of their drinking focus. However I've reflected and realized that missing a party for continued sobriety is more important that getting a rather shallow social experience anyway. I've found the problem with my friends is that their drink will always be the more important factor and it makes them rather boring and people I don't really want to be friends with going forward. You can find other people who don't drink or who don't do it in excess or people who don't solely focus events on drinking for socialization. Get involved in your college life with groups and committees last time I checked most look down on drinking at x y z event while you can skip out on the drinking focused ones until you're comfortable being around booze again.  
I feel this! honestly what helped me was starting the gym and getting workout buddies. i was lucky enough to find workout/gym friends that are intense enough that they dont drink because it would backtrack their gainz (and no i did not turn into a gym rat)
The darkness of the past is yesterday 
[deleted]
Congrats on figuring this out at 20. I'm 44 and doing this now. Stay strong. I'll not drink with you. 
Hey I'm in the exact same boat as you. I'm 21 and all my friends and roommates are very heavy drinkers and it seems the social structure is entirely built around alcohol. It's going to be very difficult but I know I can do it. Let's do this together!
My final year of college I began wanting to quit but I didn't because drinking was such a social pillar within my group of friends..I quit a year into postgraduate life..I know how hard it is to quit in college. But if I'd done it sooner my life might be in a very different place right now.  I'm not unhappy with my life but I often wonder what could've been..Maybe try committing to not drinking for a month? See what happens take that time to find people who don't drink to hang out with. .
