-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5dgnac/day_1_sobriety_depressed/

So after being a daily heavy heavy drinker I decided to finally commit to sobriety last night. I travel a lot for work and my company pays for my meals which usually means I don't eat and just drink..Last night I was in a hotel and I fought the urge and completed my first sober night! While I'm so proud of myself I woke up immensely depressed. Although I do struggle with depression (why I drink) this is the lowest low I've felt in a while. Is it because I didn't drink last night? .I am in therapy and trying to get an appt with a psych so I can possibly get medication but this depression is really weighing me down today and I just want to know that it's normal..Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

If you have family give them a call. What I do is that I try to keep busy when I start to feel that urge. My brother and I call each other when we feel like we get the urge. We will hop on a video game and talk over discord and just fight some bad guys until we passout. It's been a few months for me now. Now just getting rid of the smoking. 
Good job! Keep up the good work. I know its hard when you are at a work event and the free alcohol is flowing but people will respect you when you tell them you dont drink - trust me I've done it. At first people are a little surprised. You dont need to go into detail about why you dont drink. Just say you are doing it for health reasons. They usually wont question beyond that. ..I too used to drink because I was/am depressed. It is very normal. I think a high percentage of people are depressed in general - there is a lot of shit in this world that one can be depressed about. But the important thing to keep in the back of your mind is drinking is not going to solve your depression. In fact it will make it worse. Alcohol is treating the symptom making you feel good momentarily not treating the root of the depression. You probably are suffering from withdrawal (which I did for a couple months after I stopped) which is definitely going to fuck with your head and make you more depressed than usual. But there is a light at the end of the tunnel my friend. It gets easier and easier over time especially once you are encouraged by your self-determination. You definitely will want to pursue the therapy/doctor route and get on some good medication. They will help you understand why you are depressed and the medication will help whatever chemical imbalance may be promoting your depression. Its important to have a support system someone you can talk to. Doesnt have to be AA. Can be a significant other family or a good friend you can be honest with. Not saying you cant do it alone but it will be easier with support...In order for this not drinking thing to stick you need to change your lifestyle. One thing I would caution is that you cant hang out with your friends who drink at least not in the same way. If they are good friends and you can be honest with them hopefully they will not pressure you to drink. If they are not good friends (just drinking buddies) you may need to cut them. ..One thing that has immensely helped me with my depression is finding a productive hobby to obsess over. For me it is running. Running is perfect because when I'm depressed I can say fuck it and go for a run. All the endorphins generated give me a high and make me in a better mood. I also feel good about myself for being in good shape and healthy. 
I had a lot of complex feelings after stopping. I was depressed for awhile. It wasn't an instant pink cloud although that did come later. The brain is deeply affected by alcohol abuse. Talking with a psych is a great idea...The first few days are different for everyone it can be blissful or terrifying but drinking won't improve things! I wish you the best of luck. I won't drink with you today.
It takes a while for the brain to recover from alcohol abuse. I like checking out this timeline from time to time... https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/?st=IVMM4MF5&amp;sh=4a43407f..I didn't really feel myself at all for the first oh week or so? I don't quite remember my personal timeline on that. 
Yes my depression was terrible when I first got sober. Your brain is used to being high all the time and you took that away it takes time to restore chemical balance hang in there it gets better. ..Today it is much more manageable however my sponsor still says I am miserable. I got a bike and started riding a lot and I am going to start sponsoring soon to get out of self. I also have a great sober network and we pick each other up.
I think being depressed is a pretty common side effect of a hangover/detox. For me I always start getting really cynical to almost dangerously depressed when I am hungover or when I've stopped drinking. It only lasts a day or two for me hang in there :) 
