-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5dhtnp/im_struggling_and_it_sucks/

The quick backstory is I made it 20 days sober the longest I've gone in the 7 years since I began drinking and pissed it away on a night that I hadn't even thought about drinking.  I hadn't been arguing with myself all day or craving alcohol it just happened in the moment.  Since then I just can't regain the motivation I had before to quit.  I know I need to I've been lurking here reading rereading my old posts talking to myself and reminding myself of the benefits like I had before and none of it sticks.  It's like I'm getting a big "eff you" from my subconscious like I burnt through all my willpower in those 20 days...I'm stuck in this vicious cycle of anxiously fighting myself all day failing and then waking up ashamed and more anxious day after day.  Does anyone have any advice for getting back on the wagon when you feel like you can't?
----------immediate responses--------

Just talking to people helps me and it seems like you are doing that even if only on here. I had 56 days before this last relapse and I felt great. It hurt to go back into a meeting and tell everyone I drank again but it is what I had to do to continue on this journey. Meditation can help calm the restless mind as well but the most important thing that you can do is not give up. You can do this anyone can do this. It isn't always easy but for me I just have to continue to remind myself of the REASON I want to not drink anymore and not obsess over the ACTION of drinking. ...Thanks for posting mate and remember; take it easy breath relax. Just one day of not drinking. I'll stay sober with you if only for today. 
it starts with one day. i won't drink with you today.
if i believe that my alcoholism is a thinking problem which i do then i can't think or talk my way out of a difficult situation one like you have described.  i couldn't get sober on my own willpower. i tried and failed numerous times.  i had to take action. i needed real life connection to others in recovery which i found in alcoholics anonymous.  
I was sober 58 days  untill 18 days ago. I started drinking the beer on my days of work. Today is day 1 again. I know what your saying about the motivation. For me having been sober 58 days is always on my mind. Its the way I want to live. Even when I drink now I just miss being sober.  So Im getting it back together. Its not because I drank myself sick or created a total disaster(. Little bit of each). Its because I really like me sober better. I just need to work at it a bit defrently this time. So maybe being sober for the long haul is the morivation in itself???? I wont drink with you today. 
Be easy on yourself. I was so hard on myself in early sobriety. I hated that I couldn't go out and drink like a normal person. And when I relapsed oh boy did I ever hate myself even more. Thought I was worthless that I didn't deserve happiness and I should just drink my life away. It was all just another excuse to drink.....What I learned is that what truly matters is how you respond when you fail. What have you learned and what are you going to do differently this time?
It looks like you're already back up to 11 days. That's more than halfway to your last achievement! Don't punish yourself for a mistake you made. If it were easy we wouldn't need this subreddit. Let's just take a day at a time and not drink today. 
