-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5dq4k3/3650_days/

It's still a few days until a full decade of not drinking for me.. leap years I guess?  ..10 years ago today I was homeless.. I was drinking as much as I could every second of the day and was blacked out much of the time.. I really don't remember much. .When I first quit I didn't think it was going to be permanent.. but something kept me from going back to the bottle.  .Slowly I got my shit together.  I got a job then a better job.  I got a bicycle and a room in an apartment.  I got a bed.  .Today I own a small mold making company and have 2 employees.  I have a dog and a niece and nephew who have never seen me drunk. .Over time I think what keeps me from drinking is gratitude.  Whenever I feel frustrated by sobriety or I realize I can drink I stop what I'm doing and pray "thank you".  Thank You has been my mantra.  When I express gratitude to the Universe I am flooded with a feeling of acceptance and relief.  ..To everyone struggling- you are not alone.  It's ok not to drink.  Life is worth living sober!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome Story!..Outstanding!
Beautiful.
Congrats!
this is so great. 
**High^Five for 3650 days** /u/runfromthemasses. 
Such an awesome story congrats. Just curious if you tie your story into the identity of your business? As a consumer I love to hear success stories like this. 
Congratulations winner...
Wow!!! very cool
Blessings and congratulations!
Congratulations! What a wonderful inspiration! Thank you so much.
Very good
Congratulations. Thank you so much for sharing. This is what it is all about. We can do it: no matter how hard it seems and how low we have fallen. There is hope for all of us.
If my mathing skills are accurate... it looks like you've got ten years!!!  WooHoo!  Congratulations!
Great. Thanks for sharing!
Awesome!
That's so great that you turned it all around. It sounds like you've had a hell of a life. I feel that w/o my experiences with my drinking problems I wouldn't be who I am today- and I like who I am today. Keep up the great work! Your post helped me feel less alone.
Thank you for these inspiring words. 
I like your mantra. Thank you for the reminder! 
You rock!
Oh snap!! That's a decade! Good job dude!
Congratulations!! Thank you for sharing your mantra. Thank you thank you!
Thank you! I love it. Strong work right here. 
And ingratitude is what kept me under all those years... thank you for this post.
That's an awesome story! Have 2 questions:  what is your dog's name and do you go to AA to help you stay sober?
Inspiring. Congratulations 
This is a beautiful story. Thank you for sharing with us. 
So proud! It is an amazing feeling to know that there are now people in my life who have never seen me drunk. Also I too have a bed. And goals. And dreams! It is so amazing what life will give you when you stop to say thank you!..Here's to another 3650 days!
Inspiring.  Well done on 10! 
What about leap years? Dont sell yourself short! Congrats!
[deleted]
Inspirational reading as I wake up...thank you so much.  Congratulations!
Awesome! Thank you for sharing and congrats on 3650!
Incredible inspirational thank you 
Congrats on a sober decade! Carry on.
Congratulations!
wow inspiring and impressive! Thank you!
Thank you for the inspiration this morning!
Fantastic. Here's to many many more.
Oh gosh I got teared up reading this. Soso happy for you. Thank you for sharing your story. 
Congratulations. Your story inspires me!
Incredible!  Thank you and congratulations!!
Amazing story thanks for sharing and congratulations on your sober decade!
Wow such an inspiration! Amazing job! 
Congratulations an inspiration to us all I'm sure.
WOW!
I love your story congrats on a decade!
Very cool. Thanks for sharing. 
