-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5dtae8/day_9_antidepressants_and_moving_on/

I can't believe today is day 9 already.  These days have flown by and I feel pretty good have been sleeping better besides tossing and turning like crazy which I never used to do - my covers are everywhere when I wake up!  The night sweats have gone and I have already lost 8 lbs.  It's crazy how fast my little beer belly has been shrinking...Oddly enough I haven't had terrible urges to drink.  Since my fiancee left in early October I've been an emotional wreck and relapsed once after being sober for a long time.  She ultimately left because of my drinking even though I had been sober for a long time I had a slip up and instead of working with me she packed up and left and she hasn't said one word to be since.  I'm going through this situation sober for the first time ever and it's so weird because instead of numbing myself I've had to live with my feelings...I saw my therapist the other day and after breaking down and sobbing on her couch she sent me to a psychiatrist to try an antidepressant.  She said that although I'm not clinically depressed I'm definitely going through situational depression and that between the breakup and the sobriety that's a lot to deal with.  The psychatrist put me on a low-dose fast-acting antidepressant and it's been good so far because I'm not thinking about my ex as much.  I'm also feeling somewhat emotionally numb which is helping overall in a weird way and has also made me not want to think about drinking.  I'm finally able to pick myself up and start to clean the house and take care of myself again because I was too heartbroken to do so before...I'm still not 100% sure if I should be taking this medicine but it is helping with my loneliness and grief over my ex which is my main trigger to drink.  I just don't want to be on something that may end up making me more prone to drink in the future.  ..I'm just wondering if anyone ever taken antidepressants before and if they ultimately make you more prone to relapse.  I would hate to start over because medicine I'm taking could have an effect on my sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Antidepressants work differently for some people than others so take what I say with a grain of salt...I've been on a lot of antidepressants. They all have had deal breaking side effects and some increased my urge to drink especially Paxil. A couple even reduced it like Prozac and Welbutrin. Brain chemistry is funny like that. As a whole I wish I never went down this road and currently am trying to get off of Effexor. For some people they've been a godsend and others a nightmare. For me they've made my drinking worse. I tend to feel more impulsive and numb on them. A healthy diet and exercise has made more of a difference in my life than any type of pill. 
All I know is anti-depressants are a real personal choice. I can express that I wouldn't do them myself but if people do them and like them it's their life and not my business. And I don't see how my opinion would help you. You could get an opinion of people that take anti-depressants and like them but then that's a biased opinion as well...I think it is totally worth your time to think through it and make your own personal decision.
That's great you're starting to move on and take care of yourself again. You might hit some more rough patches but the fact you're picking yourself up is bound to give you some natural happiness. I hope you'll soon find you don't need the antidepressants. My only advice there is to closely follow your therapist's instructions for stopping deviating by stopping too abruptly can cause worse depression that will put you in danger of relapse. 
