-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5dtbef/how_do_i_make_it_stick/

I've been fighting this battle with constant relapses for the past 5 months. I keep looping around and around and the vicious circle doesn't seem to wanna stop. It's happened so many times now that every time I wanna quit I get doubt now and worry like "oh yeah but I just know it's gonna loop back into convincing myself to drink." How do I remove this doubt and make it for real this time? How do I get myself to really lock it down this time even though this is probably like the 10th time now? How do I keep remembering that when I'm in those good sober spots it feels REALLY GOOD but only because of the fact that I'm sober and remember that if I drink it will throw all that away not "enhance" it? Thank you all I will not drink with you today. One day at a time focus on today.
----------immediate responses--------

I came to the point where I realized my brain lies to me and is trying to kill me with alcohol.  Basically I quit believing myself.  I think it is good to figure out the tricks your brain uses to get you to take that first drink.  But mostly I think i am sober from going to AA.
Hey I have a terrible track record of staying sober longer than 3 months. I know drinking every 3 months isn't terrible but it always seems to lead to craziness. I'm going to try doing more therapy type stuff this time around like therapy and AA. Taking it one day at a time and making not taking that drink my #1 priority. Sustaining this will be a challenge but we got this! Good luck!.
I couldn't stay sober without lots of support. Therapy and a support group helped me. What are you going to do differently this time? ..Focusing on one day at a time kept me from feeling overwhelmed and getting anxious about the future. Staying sober today is all I can control. Just today. Now. 
For me I had to want it. And what I mean is I had to want being sober more than I wanted being drunk...Nobody here can want it for me. I could get doctors counselors AA support groups SMART support groups friends families and all the support of the entire world...But if I don't really want it more than I want drinking then I'm going to drink. That is the one truth for me. Support does help though. But I have to want not drinking more than drinking. That has got to be my base.
I was caught in that cycle for a long time. You said that when you think about quitting something in you reminds you that eventually you will convince yourself to drink so why bother? Maybe turn that logic around. Stay sober for a while and then when you are tempted to drink remind yourself that eventually you will be swearing off booze again starting over making new vows promises commitments. You know you'll end up there eventually so why not just stay there? 
