-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5dzpge/not_drinking_first_dates_anxiety_nope/

First dates are a nightmare for someone with an anxiety / panic disorder. Throw in a little related PTSD from a breakup / relationship and I found myself in full-blown panic mode this morning. Couldn't breathe felt like my chest was collapsing. True genuine fear. ..This is day five for me and that's the longest I've ever gotten [this is the third time]. It wasn't even that hard this time. I mean sure I had those habitual automatic thoughts while driving past the liquor store [wondering what I had at home if I needed another bottle etc] but reminded myself that I am fine and don't need anything. My concern over "do I have enough for tonight / am I at risk of running out before I pass out?" was always a HUGE concern for me. This week instead I have been distracting / white-knuckling until around 8:30pm then taking 30g of quick release melatonin and passing out. By the time I wake up the craving is over and there's a little celebration over getting through another night. ..But. My anxiety has been sky-rocketing and that's the majority of why I would drink every night; to stop my skin from burning. If you've never felt this "my skin is on fire" kind of anxiety jesus. I can't tell you how much I envy you. As a result of the anxiety combined with missing my coping mechanism I have been purging around 5-8 times per day. I don't really binge but I've become even more obsessed with throwing up. ..So now I've scheduled a couple dates for this week. One wanted to do brunch with drinks and the mental conflict was insane. On the one hand I didn't want to reset my badge / count just because of a date. But I also set up a second date for coffee and I was really freaked out about the idea of going on a date without alcohol. Neither seemed acceptable to me and I had a panic attack because I couldn't make sense of it and I blew them both off which led to racing thoughts about never meeting someone or being alone forever or being dysfunctional etc. ..I had a birthday party to go to last night which would've revolved around drinking and I got dressed and then stayed home because I can't be around it but I can't explain to people that I won't drink [lots of them are alcoholics but quite happy] and .. ..I'm just struggling. My chest and throat are currently tight. I feel so so stuck. ..I scheduled a therapy intake for the PTSD anxiety and "possible substance abuse." I want to fix all of this but it all seems to be tangled up together and when I try to address one issue the rest just wrap around me tighter. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have GAD so I know somewhat what you're going through. However in my experience the anxiety will lessen its hold after a few weeks or months of sobriety. ..As for dating I wouldn't recommend it in the early days of sobriety. Especially if it makes you more anxious and if you've treated your symptoms with alcohol before. Take care!
Kudos for 5 days!  I discovered that the anxiety you describe was largely related to alcohol withdrawal. I also understood that early sobriety was the time to build a relationship with myself before I started dating. It distracted from learning sober living skills and figuring out who I was in sobriety.  Therapy was helpful so I hope you benefit as much as I did. Simplifying my life lessened anxiety.  
In early recovery I really had to take a break from dating. A lot of folks recommend that. Once I was solid in my sobriety and my new lifestyle I was able to date again. 
So I went to inpatient and was diagnosed to pretty much what you have explained. It didn't work for me the first time because honestly I didn't want to be there and I didn't care. This past time I went though I learned so much and it was very very helpful. So hopefully that will help you out I literally couldn't leave my house because of my anxiety and panic attacks. Driving was just a no. But i had to be willing to work willing to cry and willing to deal with a lot of crap that I didn't want to deal with/ feel. It is amazing how much weight was lifted of my shoulders &amp; pretty much with no meds....I am going on my first outing with a old friend myself this week. I feel the panic already digging is teeth in. I told them I don't drink - they wanted to go to the wide world of beer or something like that. Which actually I have no fear of going to I was a hard liquor drinker and literally I have 4 cases of beer at my house for like 2 years and I never even touched it regardless if I had something to drink or not. It really just does not call my name. It has been the same appeal as eating wallpaper LOL. The meeting someone out that could be date like tough is killer to think about. So you may see a similar post from me this week lol
High five for 5!
Five days is awesome. I would wholly recommend taking this time to build a comfortable relationship with yourself and spend a little time working through your 'stuff' first. I know dating can be a good distraction but it's clearly adding stress to an already challenging time in your life. Look after you first you're the most important person in your life. 
