-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5e6cil/relapsed_after_28_days/

I drank to feel happy again. I felt happier while drunk but it was all fake. .Today my anxiety was worse than usual I felt tired and gulity. So maybe not worth it.... .I don't know if I can do this. I'm affraid. I want to stop but I feel that something is missing from my life. I get tired of always feeling the same way (mostly sad) and miss the way I'm able to just enjoy the moment when I'm drunk instead of having a constant anxiety/worry/sadness in my mind. When I'm sober I can't get out of my mind I don't seem to enjoy things...I know alcohol doesn't serve me. It gets me an hour of happiness but borrows it from the day after. I'm thinking about going to a meeting tomorrow...How many of you felt this way? How did you deal with it? How long does it last?
----------immediate responses--------

I felt the way you do and that is why I got lots of help. A therapist and support group taught me how to be happy and sober. AA meetings put me in touch with people in recovery and they gave me hope and guidance.
I feel the same way. I am also overthinker  and drinking silences the mind to the point that anxiety doesn't disturb me in the same sense. If you know Eckhart Tolle he once explained the same reasoning why some people go for drinks is to silence the negative thinking in the head to go below the level of conscious awareness of the negative scenarios we play in our heads...I think it boils down on learning new coping mechanisms with stress mindfulness and not drinking. Drinking causes anxiety in long-term and we rather ironically treat ourselves with something that helps periodically but doesn't help as a long-term resolve. I started today read a book about (has a chapter about stress-related drinking) called the Naked Mind I am halfway through and it seems really good so far you would probably be interested of checking it. There should be a free PDF of the book linked on this subreddit here at least I found it linked here few hours prior writing this
Hit those meetings.  It's the ebb and flow of life.  Perhaps change up your schedule a lot.  Maybe just spend hours at the gym if your schedule permits.  A serious commitment now at the gym mixed with zero alcohol is going to have you looking like a rock star come may of next summer.  ...The timing is now ... start now.  You can make serious gains in 6 months at the gym and most importantly keep yourself distracted 
Eventually you don't even get that hour any more. When I got sober I had to to see a psychiatrist as soon as possible to start dealing with my depression issues as my anti depressant (alcohol) was actively killing me. AA helped. I got to connect with people who understood me at least for an hour. How long it will last? Nobody has that answer. I know this. The only way I gave myself any chance at all to be happy was to remove the alcohol. After a couple months I was on a pink cloud. Then I came back down to earth. At a year I got brutally depressed. Then I felt good for a while. Then more depression. The point is I am subject to the natural ebb and flow of my emotions. I feel down and sad sometimes but I also get moments of joy and happiness. When I drank I felt absolutely nothing. Complete emotional death.
I just hit 3 weeks. I started running and eating better and doing some online courses. For me it might be just changing things up enough so I don't go back to my old habits. Feeling good so far but the cravings are never far away.
Hey I can relate to this. I think until I had a sort of mental shift to wanting to really truly stop drinking I just looked at my dry periods with anger and envy towards others who could drink...For me these were the most valuable moments the realizations that longer term sobriety was the only thing that would actually help in the long run to bring back happiness (which I had totally lost) and that drinking was temporary relief at great cost to my anxiety/depression...It wouldn't hurt to go to a meeting if you're considering it. I think this post will help because you have it to look back on. And also it helped me to switch up my routine especially around my "danger zone" time of 4/5p.m. and find things that I could genuinely enjoy instead of just getting through till the next day to get through that to the next day and so on forever. Like things to look forward to if that makes sense so I wasn't only looking forward to getting drunk at 5 p.m. Good luck going forward. Let us know how you go if you go to a meeting!
