-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5eas1n/day_18_stressors_accumulate/

Well got a letter from mother. I have not been in contact with my parents for about a year. She is a covert narcissist with a huge martyr complex. Went with the recommendation of psychologists and went no contact. During our last phone call she made the promise of not taking contact back. This is the fourth time she has broken that promise. ..I have not read the three letters before this but have read this fourth. And I do already regret it though it didn't contain anything that I didn't know at beforehand. The same obvilousness of the neglect and emotional abuse and gaslighting guilt-trips for providing food and shelter "at least we didn't drink during Christmas" which apparently is the only thing you need to take account of when you raise kids and demanding for answers though I was extremely straight and honest about my intentions and reasons back then. ..Can I just get my head lobotomized? I think I'm having enough of this life. I'm not going to drink today but her efforts to take contact back make me feel really vulnearable about where I live and stress is the most dangerous thing for me what comes to relapsing.
----------immediate responses--------

dude that sounds really really tough. kudos to you for not giving in and not giving away your power. not drinking with you today. 
Good job removing both toxins from your life alcohol and your parents....I will not drink with you today!
Wow that's rough...I know plenty of people who have been raised by narcissists and your story sounds just like theirs. We have a couple in my family though fortunately no one who had a hand in raising my brother and I have been so afflicted...I don't know if they're a support group or just a place for people to post stories like yours but you may be able to glean a small sliver of hope by talking to the people at /r/raisedbynarcissists. ..I'm sure you've heard the old adage "Resentment/anger is like drinking poison and hoping for the other person to die."..This is doubly so for the narcissist. The more you hang on the more you are feeding into what they want. It's hard but for now... cool impassivity may be your safest course of action until you feel you are fit enough to handle bringing your mother back into the fold of your life once again.
Walked to a gas-station to buy beer. Walked back without beer. I will not drink today. If tomorrow brings me yet another disappointment... I don't know. But now I will focus on today.
