-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ebhco/aa_newbie_experience_and_questions/

Been to 6 AA meetings and they started out great but are beginning to bring me down. I like hearing the shared experiences and I like admitting I'm an alcoholic and sharing my experiences. I love the welcoming and support I get and can give to others. ..But the long drawn-out readings at the start hearing people read shakily through the blue book and the prayer stuff just feels like a waste of time to me. I have had positive experiences and met great people there but it's feeling like some antique Masonic rite or cult group versus therapy...On top of that the blue book reads like an antique outdated relic referring to "wives" as "girls" sometimes and assuming the alcoholic is a male. I end up dwelling on this kind of detail (not to mention there's a lot of African Americans in my meetings and this book was written well before Civil Rights)...On top of that I hear stories of homelessness prostitution multiple drug addictions poverty people neglecting children crime and worse. My story is not that story. I'm a middle aged professional in a seemingly cool profession who likes to spend every moment alone getting hammered then struggling through the next day with the shakes. Yes it has affected my career as I am now a contract-based guy and I have burned bridges at some places and with some people. But I have a supportive wife who is successful no kids live in a nice condo we have a nice car etc. So I feel out of place not like a snob but just that there are so many who are so much worse off than I am. It's a dissonance I have a hard time putting my finger on. Almost like they deserve more help than me...I've looked into SMART recovery but logistics-wise it's not going to work for me. AA is everywhere around me (I live in a large city)...Any thoughts on this? I'm not drinking with anyone today.
----------immediate responses--------

I haven't been to any AA meetings but I've heard that not all of them are like that. Some meetings are more discussion oriented and have less of an emphasis on the book or the 12 steps. Maybe someone with more experience can direct you to a meeting format that might be more your style
Your thoughts and experiences with AA really mirror my own. Ultimately I did what I try to do in all aspects of my life - I leave behind what I don't need and make the most of what I do. 
I used AA for the first 1.5 years of sobriety and then transitioned into more peer support groups and volunteering...I found that meetings closer to the downtown core were more front-line (homelessness multiple drug addictions etc) and that meetings in the suburbs were more geared towards professionals with families etc...But the biggest thing I learned is to connect with the feelings and emotions. I may not be homeless but I can connect with someone who is homeless because we share the same suffering. 
while the ritualistic nature of meetings might seem like a waste of time and repetitive it gives me a sense of familiarity that i need.  i have a short memory when it comes to my alcoholism so i have to be consistently reminded through the repeated readings and prayer that i am indeed alcoholic. this ritual is important to me.  and it took me some time to find meetings that i felt comfortable in.  i sampled many and chose one as my home group.  it's still my group to this day. 
I find sitting through the shaky readings is a good exercise in patience tolerance and restraint. Like you I am a professional person and got out of the drinking game before it ground me into dust; I see my kids all the time again and my wife and I are on the mend. I do not have the tale of total annihilation as many AA folks do...Yet it is important for me to remember that I got help before reaching that point. It is important for me to remember that not everyone has the advantages I have such as being an excellent reader and having extensive education and exposure to arts and culture. And it is most important for me to remember that for all that I am no better or worse than the others in the rooms. We are all human beings with a common struggle against one addictive mind-altering substance. In the rooms I can set aside all the other things that set me apart from most people...The book can be dry. It can be condescending. It often shines a light on the particular neuroses of Bill W. rather than problems common to all alcoholics. Yet in groups where they read it it provides a starting point for sharing especially for those in the group who would have a hard time coming up with a topic...As a practical thing I'd say look for a group that focuses on something other than the big book. I found one group that just had one person read a short daily meditation from a book (don't remember the title) and the rest was all shares. That group was great. I had to move away from where that group met which was a shame. 
Just continue to focus on the aspects that you get something out of. It was a huge relief when I realized that I don't have to approve of every last thing about something in order to get something out of it. ..As far as the readings go I try to put myself in the shoes of the reader. Someone who wasn't fortunate enough to have a great education and as a result struggles with the vocabulary and reading out loud man that takes a lot of guts to go ahead and do that reading. I totally get that it can be a bit exasperating but like someone else said it's a good opportunity for me to practice patience. ..Also just because you haven't descended that far doesn't mean it isn't possible. My alcoholism didn't take me to some of the depths I hear about in the rooms but I think that's mostly because I am fortunate to have a loving supporting family who helped get me the help I needed. If I didn't have that safety net no savings etc. might I have possibly ended up homeless? Maybe. I really can't say. It's important for me to remember that. 
One of my favorite recovery quotes of all time came from a lawyer with decades of sobriety under his belt:..No one is too dumb for the program of AA and a life of recovery but the grave yards are full of people who were too smart for the program.
[removed]
I felt the same way at first.  The stories those guys were telling were nothing like what I went through.  But then I realized that while we're were different in so many ways we were the same where it mattered.  We all were there to stay sober.
AA worked for me despite all that and more.  Still am not a fan of the big book- I go to step and open discussion meetings and one in prison.....I learned the Trick is to identify not compare - and as I listened I heard others tell part of my story...AA is amazingly diverse and egalitarian turns out just about everyone has something to teach me.
AA frustrated me to the point that I used it to justify continued drinking.  For years...It bothers me that people chime in here with the same sort of stuff you hear at meetings as if this format will make the worn sayings true or different somehow.  I'm glad it has worked for people but it pisses me off that it's just assumed that you need more humility or whatever.  It's invalidating and the opposite of welcoming...For me sobriety has been about aligning my actions with my values.  I'm not going to waste time and brain space forcefeeding myself a recovery paradigm that tells me I'm wrong my beliefs are wrong marginalizes my experiences invalidates my feelings and criticisms of the program and in some cases directly triggers urges and cravings.  Fuck.  That...I will say that my IOP was in a city that has a shitload of opiate addiction and overdoses and that there is value in listening to people whose experiences were vastly different.  The feelings are the same and the struggle is the same.  It helped awaken my compassion and righteous anger...I use Refuge Recovery and that's not perfect either but it's closer to what I need.  It's still young and there aren't tons of in. IRL meetings but there's a women's Facebook page and both women's and general phone meetings.  They also just started a video meeting on intherooms.com.
You could try SMART Recovery's online meetings. Those are surprisingly good. 
