-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ed9b9/badge_reset_im_definitely_an_alcoholic/

Relapsed last night. Feeling like a total piece of shit. Hoping that sharing some thoughts here will help others who are considering trying to drink again or hoping that sharing some thoughts here will help me when I consider drinking again...60 days. 60 fucking days. A star with a 2 in it. By far by far the longest I've been sober since I started drinking. Certainly the longest I've gone since I started drinking in earnest...But it's over. I drank last night. I drank on purpose. I planned it. It didn't matter what was in my cupboard or that a bar was down the street or that I'm walking distance from my liquor store. I drank on purpose. I made it 60 days. I deserved a reward. My drinking is obviously under control. I proved I could do it. But why continue being sober? Why make such a big deal about it? I proved I can be sober. I DESERVE a night of being buzzed. I can moderate! I've been anti social and in my own head too much lately...a couple drinks and social me is here again!!..Except social me did not turn up. I drank. I drank alone. And I can't moderate. I've had booze in my house for my entire sobriety. I looked at it like an old lover. Can't believe how addicted I was. It was no problem turning it down. Until it was a problem...I drank an absurd assortment of alcohol. A mix that the old drunk me might even question. I drank EVERYTHING. Every. Fucking. Thing. I killed the bottle of whisky my ex left in my freezer. I killed the bottle of vodka I left in the cupboard. I drank the single hard cider a wonderful lady left in my cupboard. I drank that INSTEAD of calling her for a third date...These are my priorities. I killed a second bottle of vodka that I found hidden at my shop. I went to the liquor store and bought another bottle. I drank the entire thing...And guess what? It wasn't fun. It gave me zero release. It did not improve my life. I got light-headed I got dizzy I got loose I didn't give a shit. But I was fully aware the entire time. Aware that the buzz was meaningless that it was empty that I was substituting it for a real sensation. Then I woke up this morning and I felt awful. Truly awful. My heart was beating out of my chest.  I was anxious paranoid ashamed embarrassed. And all my problems from yesterday remain and are now emotionally amplified. ..And I feel like a fucking failure. Because I KNOW. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that I'm an alcoholic and I'm ruining my life. Before last night I held fast the illusion that I could return to normal. I'm not normal. There is no normal for me unless I keep alcohol out of my life completely. ..If you're here you're probably also not normal or you know someone who isn't normal. And that's okay as long as you remember the one aspect of your existence that lead you here. ..*edit* Holy cow you guys. Thank you so so much for the kind words and support. This sub is the absolute best. Thank you thank you thank you. I've been on an emotional rollercoaster as I'm sure you can guess. Your words mean a lot to me.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to hear this. I won't be drinking with you today.
Your not the first person and by no means the last who thinks they should have a reward after staying sober for 60 days because 2 months is a very long time and well done for it...The only advice I know to give is to write down that feeling you had when you woke up the morning after that anxious awful feeling and whenever you feel like a drink just read it and feel happy you've made it so far without feeling it again.
Thank you for your honesty.  It seems like you learned some valuable lessons last night.  Happy you are back.
Please forgive yourself. Seeing you here I know you haven't failed. You came back and shared what happened. And I think you now have the benefit of a valuable lesson...I'm an alcoholic and I hear you say that you are too. I think that's fairly "normal". Becoming addicted to an addictive substance is pretty par for the human course. Lots of normal people become addicted to things. Some would say those who appear able to moderate are just as addicted as anyone else even though their addiction has remained benign...Normal or not though you're right: if someone is here alcohol is a problem for them or someone they know and when alcohol is a problem for one one should never forget it. Thank you for sharing your experience. I know you'll remember this the next time you feel tempted.
Thanks for posting. Hope you're feeling better :).
[deleted]
I'm so sorry to hear this sending you positive vibes. Not drinking with you today. Stay strong :) 
Thank you for posting   especially since our sobriety start dates are so close. If it helps at all I think it's fantastic that you're able to take a look at your actions and that you're being real with yourself and I applaud you for it. Over three years ago I made it to 88 days. I planned on 90 days but had the perfect opportunity to "celebrate" my sober stint on day 88. That lead to three more years of my alcohol abuse only escalating   day drinking day then days-long binging sneaking drinks the list goes on. So while I feel your pain at your relapse I praise your insight. I wish it was one I would have had three years ago. 
Just so you know - I did this exact same thing at exactly 60 days. Don't beat yourself up :) You have an entire life to live you're going to make mistakes. I think there's something about the #60 that's a little tempting like "you did it" so you want to reward yourself. You're going to be fine. I'm sure you've learned some lessons and had a ton of non-drinking victories that will bring you back to the other side. Hang in there - this is not failure - think of the alcohol you DIDN'T DRINK for 2 months of time! That's crazy productive! 
dust yourself off and start over.  Its a learning lesson.  A lesson in realizing "one aspect of your existence that led you here" as you put...Have you tried in person meetings?  They help and there's plenty of non 12 step programs...Welcome back.
I hear you. I did the same thing a couple of nights ago. I can't moderate. I drink until I'm asleep and then I wake up hating myself every time. I drink alone. I drink because I'm sad accomplished social afraid happy morose lonely or just plain want to feel dead inside. It's my worst enemy. I hear you. 
Ah 60 Yeah 60.  I remember that feeling very well...I "quit" drinking before I went to jail last May.  figured it would look good for the DUI court and that I could prove to myself that I could moderate.  Spent a week in jail and the moment I got out...I did the exact same thing you described.  I drank EVERYTHING I could find and then rode my bike to the nearest store to buy more.  Not a smart move when you are on probation...It was 5 months later before I finally realized that I had a problem.  That I could not control my drinking.  so I walked my sad arse into a local CR and haven't looked back.  Got myself a sponsor checked in every day and worked sobriety like my life depended on it...Cause it did...Good news though!  After realizing I had a problem got a sponsor etc....it did get easier the 2nd time around.  Once I got past the pink cloud (it is real)  and chugged through to 6 months the old me had died somewhere along the way.  Sure I still have urges from time to time.  Sure my alki-demon (damn you Pedro) still whispers at times that 1 just 1 won't hurt but I know better.  I've been down that road.  ..And now so have you.  ..Forgive yourself and  come up with a plan to stay sober.  (Step 1 check in here everyday commit to not drinking JUST for today)  If you feel comfortable doing it find a sponsor / accountability partner who can help you when you are struggling.  And hang on.  It does get better...--FTZ--
took me a few resets to realize i had a serious problem.  you'll get through it.  i'll not drink today with you.
Thanks for posting these posts are really helpful to me when those "oh come on you deserve it" thoughts start creeping in. Good luck going forward.
You're not a failure! Because here you are again. You learned a hard lesson. Use it to help you succeed. You can do this. You don't have to do it alone though. See if you can find a support network that works for you. &lt;3
Sorry that you drank but thanks for sharing..I had a period of around 60 days or so before I quit this last time and I too decided that I was doing so well that I deserved a drink.  I also wanted to "figure out" what I liked about alcohol so much since the 60 days were not that hard after the initial few days.  Unfortunately for me that one day quickly turned into daily drinking again which I could not stop for many many months.  I did not see the warning signs like you did and so you are much better off than me in that respect.
[deleted]
[removed]
You and me both man. Keep your head up.
I like to think of our problem like this. ..There's a cause and then there's a symptom. When we drink we mask the symptom while the cause is still there producing more symptoms. ..Think of it like a broken leg. You can take a pill to mask the symptom of pain but at the end of the day your leg is still broke and when the pill wears off the symptoms will reappear. ..So we have to concentrate on the causes instead of masking the symptoms. ..In my experience I've worked the 12 steps and they have helped me correct my character defects and make amends to people I've harmed. ..Just want to share my experience strength and hope on what has worked for me to conquer what was causing my symptoms. ..Good luck. 
Thanks for sharing. I won't drink with you tonight.
Thank you for the reminder. Sincerely. I forget often just how bad I was when I was drunk or hung over.  Too focused on life now but I need to remember lest I test the slope. 
I know the feeling. When you're determined to drink and have planned it out - you isolate from those you could get help from. These are the times you need to reach out the most. Know the warning signs. If you feel like a drink might be a good idea it's a better idea to talk to someone about it. 
That motherfucking empty buzz. It's not the same. It will never be the same. We all look for the full buzz. Never comes back. Regroup and restart friend. I believe in you.
So say we all...   
Thanks for posting.  I've been struggling recently.  I've got some  serious chickens coming home to roost after a few decades of drinking. The process to deal with this issue is daunting.  And I keep thinking 'A few drinks will help me get beyond this...".I appreciate your honesty.  It has helped me tonight..  
Your drinking is ruined forever... you know there is a better way to live you have experienced it you've seen others victories and probably experienced some as well... remember how you feel right now hold onto that feeling and don't let the empty promises that alcohol offers get in the way. ..I relapsed for almost two years before I pulled myself together but it wasn't before a lot of other terrible shit happened to me... I wanted it to be the way it was before even though the way it was before was shit and I knew it. Hold onto your last drunk learn to forgive yourself but hold onto this feeling and use it as fuel to move forward. ..Much love.Boss
[deleted]
First Congratulations on 60 Days!!!..You definitely may be an alcoholic but you definitely ARE NOT a failure.  You produced a result based on faulty thinking and strong feelings...Get up brush off and get on with it.  Do you have a plan for maintaining sobriety?  Perhaps meetings (12 Step or CBT or others) therapy counseling meditation etc?..After the physical symptoms pass sometimes it's easy to forget what the relapse felt like...Best to you
Congratulations on making it. I know the feeling of the all the guilt the next day and the horror you are feeling. You proved you can do it for 60days you can do it again. ..&gt;And guess what? It wasn't fun. It gave me zero release. It did not improve my life. I got light-headed I got dizzy I got loose I didn't give a shit. But I was fully aware the entire time. Aware that the buzz was meaningless that it was empty that I was substituting it for a real sensation. Then I woke up this morning and I felt awful. Truly awful. My heart was beating out of my chest. I was anxious paranoid ashamed embarrassed. And all my problems from yesterday remain and are now emotionally amplified. ..This sent chills down my spine. I'm living under the same delusion you were that I can have a one off or that I can keep things together. But this sub and some self reflection has left me with feelings like you shared knowing the buzz is fake. That is the part I don't get why when we know how this ends and even when the 'fun' is gone...why do I keep doing this to myself? ..Good luck and thank you for sharing. Here is to an lemon-aide [or whatever your into.](https://youtu.be/EnR9ah0v1o4?t=12s) 
I did the same thing - at right about 60 days too.  It was so stupid in retrospect.  I started drinking while meeting a friend - who has been sober - for 15 years. WTF? Where does that even begin to make sense?  I drank so much that I couldn't even make it to the concert we had been planning to attend that night. yeah great move.  Glad we're all here together to 1) relate and 2) help each other stay sober.  Thanks for sharing your story - I am glad you're back.
First you're awesome and Im glad you came right back! ..Second *dry heaves..holy shit that is not only an insane combo but an insane amount. My head was pounding just reading that list. ..We all want a nice relaxing night of a few drinks. We don't ever ever get that again because we are alcoholics. ..No reason to feel like a failure get back to the solution. 
[removed]
Stories like this are what keeps me going strong. I can't tell you how many times I wanted to test my moderation how lovingly I looked at the wine section walking past how the case of beer in the fridge that never bothered me suddenly was screaming my name...You aren't alone. You learned a valuable skill - when you play the forward past the first drink it sucks. Hold onto thatband cherish that. :)..I won't drink with you today
You are lucky to be alive after all that alcohol! After my 30 days sobriety I felt the same - I need a fckn reward for being sooo lame boring and sober and got my self a bottle of 15 year old Glenfiddich and enjoyed it and woke up with no hangover and feeling great. Skipped alcohol the next night and the day after I started with cocktails Guinness and more vodka. I felt I was going to die the next day. Thank your lucky stars (God or whatever you believe in) that you didn't die from alcohol intoxication and have another chance.
Wow you've got 45 comments! Usually I don't comment on posts where OP's have already clearly gotten a ton of good feedback. But your post was compelling and familiar and though we've never met I want to tell you that I'm proud of you for your honesty and your clarity. That clarity is precious and priceless. Now as you continue the next leg of the journey you can do so with no doubt in your heart. That's a little taste of freedom right there.
I did this before my most recent 90 days of sobriety. At the beginning of the year I decided I'd go one year without booze cause "I just needed a long break" - I made it three months sober and then drank for the next four months and it was terrible. Then I decided I needed to be sober again but not for a year for forever. I'm happy I was able to figure this out. Keep up the good work you can do another 60 days (and more if you'd like).
Don't give up.  Get back on the horse.  If you give up you are what you fear. If you keep trying you are changing your life in a positive way. Don't be so hard on yourself.   If you keep trying there is hope.  
[removed]
I'm with you mate. I do it regularly. I go for months without booze and then fuck up. Don't freak out. There's no prize at the end. Just be cool to yourself and enjoy life. Booze isn't always bad. It's part of our lives we've made it so. Don't punish yourself for being human.
"When we fall down we pick ourselves up again" ~Alfred Batman Begins...You got this now you did it. You wanted to prove something to yourself and you did. Point proven. Now move on. Stay strong. I won't drink with you today.
Not that is likely to make you feel much better but I am sure your "story" is very likely to prevent someone else from falling off the wagon with similar reasoning and outcome....I know that it helped my resolve as I am also getting close to uncharted territory/sobriety.  The way you explained and described your evening makes me think you will be very successful on this one.  My money is on you...With stories like yours to reflect on feeling prett good about my odds this time around also...
60 days was alot bro..just remember this post the next time you go on a long streak..start to detox...water beet juice niacin exercise.  take it a day at a time and know that you can go a year now.  
[removed]
Stay Strong. Thank you for sharing
Glad you're back. Walk away from this and be empowered knowing that you know yourself just a little bit better. 
You are not alone. Start fresh again today and take it one day at a time. You've done it before and you certainly can do it again. You got this. 
You are absolutely not a failure. You did what hundreds of thousands of people have done before you... you convinced yourself after a period of abstinence that it would be ok to take a drink. Who put that thought into your head? Your disease. It told you this time it would be different. But as an alcoholic I can't take that first drink no matter what. Because I can't drink like a normal person. But knowing that is not enough. I need a plan for when that inevitable thought that I can "have just one" pops into my head. People to call. Tools to turn to. Prayers to say until the urge passes. We need every weapon we can get our hands on because this disease is no joke...
Yeah the fact that we used to be able to moderate but we runied that for ourselves sucks big time. ..But do not spoil 99% perfection with 1% imperfection. In other words look at the 2 months you did against the 1 night. Your going 2 months has my admiration you should be proud too! 
you should film yourself or at the very least take a pic of yourself of how you feel right now. i wish i had done that my last horrible hangover. i feel like that could be super helpful for future hard times.. either way welcome back!
As long as there is life there is hope. Keep trying please. It took me seven years to finally surrender. Stop beating yourself up. You have a disease. It has zero to do with intelligence.   
For some of us this is the only way we can figure it out; to step away and then come back only to discover we never wanted to be there in the first place. I did this thrice. You're not alone you're not a bad person. We're alcoholic and we major in learning the hard way. Welcome to the island of misfit toys my friend. I'm glad you're here.
You're back here with feet planted on solid ground. ..Kudos to you...I've been scanning through the comments and it seems like a lot of folks (myself included) equate the 60 day mark as such a great achievement that it tends to entice one to "reward" oneself with drink. The primary problem is our alcoholic mindset that booze is something we enjoy to our benefit rather than a toxin we ingest to our detriment. ..I'm at day 59 myself and with 60 falling on Thanksgiving I'm at the precipice. So thank you for your reflection. I will be more mindful of seeing alcohol for the wolf it is tomorrow and keep that fucker dehydrated.
i am so glad that you posted this. i need to be constantly reminded that i can't reward myself with alcohol after quitting for X number of days. i know that it is probably not a consolation for you but this post was exactly what i need to hear. .
Thanks for posting this.  It is a good cautionary tale for the rest of us....I'm getting to the point where it's like "this ain't so tough maybe I didn't have a problem after all".  ...Your post is a good reminder to stay off of that slippery slope.
Normal is bullshit and you're not a failure. ..There is no normal it's pointless to compare yourself to anyone but yourself. That way if you're not doing as good as you once were you know what you're capable of. If you're doing better you have the satisfaction of knowing what you're fought through...You're not a failure. You know how I know that? You didn't drink for two months straight and you've decided to not drink today. I'm gonna say something crazy: there is no shame in being an alcoholic. That we are alcoholics is a simple fact. Facts are neither good nor bad they're just facts.  It doesn't mean we're failures because we can't moderate it doesn't mean we're weak or less than. It simply means that our brains as approach alcohol differently than most people. What is good or bad is how we approach the fact of us being alcoholics. As long as we make the daily decision not to drink we are acting responsibly. It's what we DO with the fact that matters not the fact itself!
Nice post. I'll try not drinking today with you. Day one let's do it
I had the same experience a few years ago. That (and many more) memories of drunk me keep me from drinking nowadays. I just know I will end up feeling like you describe. Good luck with your sober journey. It will get easier....
Thanks for sharing your experience with us I needed to hear this right now...See you at check in tomorrow brother.
Forgive yourself and keep coming back! Those 60 days are not gone. Behavior modification is difficult; it takes time; mistakes will happen. .."If you a real one then you know how to bounce back." ..Edit:..Me? ..I decided oxycodone and heroin were good rewards for alcohol abstinence. You're not crazy. You're OK. 
Much respect to you for your honesty and insight.   ..Thanks for sharing your experience.  
I applaud you for learning this lesson in only one night. You're an extremely efficient learner I see. :)...
Take aspirin for the head ache and move on. Continue not drinking again and pretend it didn't happen. Did you kill someone ?- no. Are you in trouble with the law?- no. Just move on bud stop thinking of yesterday and plan for tomorrow . I won't drink with you today and it's my birthday.
60 days is still a lot. Congrats on that. You do it again maybe even better! 
