-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5elmw0/tell_me_about_your_first_month_of_sobriety/

I'm working into the first month all over again and having some difficulty resetting that badge more than I'm proud to admit and fighting through stuff again...I'd love to hear folks' experiences from the first days of sweating more than usual to the day before you hit a month and fall back into a pit (I wish that on no one God it sucks)...How about the sober month? How did you feel throughout that month?..For the experienced non-drinkers that have struggled but haven't fallen what did you do to keep that month moving forward long-term?..Thanks in advance! Interested to hear your experiences. I look forward to not drinking with you.
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you!  After I stumbled a bit I felt so angry with myself I felt the self loathing and I was scared.  Mostly afraid of the detox (again).  BUT!  I had the tools.  I knew what I needed to do and I got right back on that wagon to soberville.  Its nicer over there.  I know it.  I was there and I want to live there.  .Keep your tools close to you and most important--use them..Stay strong!. 
Man what a month.  I felt like I got nothing done.  I switched smoking for vaping at the same time.  It was no picnic...I struggled with depression and had to constantly remind myself that even if I did nothing not drinking was doing something and it was important and worth it.  I had to be nice to myself and reprogram all the negative self talk.  This is finally starting to get easier for me...I slept.  ..I took long baths and enjoyed smelling better without the smoke and alcohol pores.  I lit candles and put on lotion and pampered myself a bit...I did some work from home but only about 15 hours of work per week that month.  ..I read lots sober blogs books about recovery and that's how I found this site.  ..I did myfitpal for a month just to kind of get myself exercising and motivate myself to eat healthy foods.  I ended up ditching that as I decided that I can now do that stuff on my own and didn't want to spend all the time logging everything I ate.  But at the time it gave me something to do.  ..I wrote in my journal; lists of goals/dreams reasons why drinking is not helping me how I was feeling how I would like to feel.  ..I drew up cartoons with sobriety jokes.  ..I played a million games of freecell while watching every episode of Star Trek. (yes lame I know but whatever gets me through it do it!).  ..I walked and jogged every day even if only for 15 minutes.  ..I baked a ton of bread pies cookies etc and gave a lot of baked goods away after having some for myself.  ..I went bowling or out to coffee or hiking once or twice a week with friends so that I didn't feel to isolated...You got this.  I know different things work for different folks.  Everytime you try you learn.  Keep it up.  I'm routing for you!
As someone who's just made it to a month I will say it is finally starting to get better and sobriety is starting to feel somewhat more attainable. "Nothing in this world worth having comes easy." Remind yourself of this. Sobriety is hard but so so worth it. You've got this. ..The first several days (and random occasional days now) were really hard for me. I probably read every single post on here nightly until I was able to fall asleep. Anything to keep from running out the door for just one bottle. I had a lot of anxiety as well which I normally would have turned to alcohol to soothe. I spent a lot of time arguing with myself basically doing whatever I could to convince myself that I had (have) a problem and that if I let it continue I would probably die from alcohol abuse (like some of my extended family members). I tried to do whatever it took to pass the time and (still) avoid social situations that might put my sobriety at risk. ..But as for the positives I've experienced these last 4 weeks: gradually starting to feel better emotionally (less sad/depressed more content and happy etc) and physically (no stomach or kidney pain better BM's amazing sleep etc). ..I've noticed I'm becoming more self-confident which I attribute to both not having alcohol depress my nervous system as well as feeling a sense of accomplishment. I feel like people are interacting with me in more positive ways or maybe I'm interacting with them more and they're feeding off of that new energy. I'm not taking things to heart and am not as sensitive/emotionally reactive as I used to be. ..My skin is getting clearer and less red. I'm not as puffy and my face is already starting to look a lot better. ..Best of all I'm starting to feel CAPABLE of doing anything. If I could quit alcohol (something I've tried to do several times over the last couple of years) what else can I accomplish?..Sorry for the long post. This milestone is something I've been reflecting on a lot as well especially since I thought when I first quit that I could maybe have one drink after I hit a month (Spoiler alert: I won't since it's never just one drink). ..Hope to hear an update from you in a month about your 4 weeks!
[deleted]
Sick almost every day and angry. 
The first few days were rough.  I was about a 6 beer a day drinker so withdrawal symptoms weren't so bad but hitting the brakes was mentally draining.  I had to rewrite my life patterns.  I also was concerned about my drinking buddies' reactions (this ended up being a huge "who cares" item-but I attached a lot of significance to it at the time)...About 2 weeks in I started to feel really good.  I got a lot of exercise and a lot of rest.   I drank a lot of herbal tea and sparkling water...The turning point was when my default switched from "drink" to "not drink".  At that point I wasn't deciding not to drink each day the decision was already made and I would need to make the decision "to drink".  I'm a very pattern-oriented person and getting into a sober groove was important...I read this forum to and from work (on the bus) to keep sobriety in my mind so that I continue to "take it seriously" and quiet the lizard brain.
