-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5eov1d/the_holidays_make_me_so_sad_for_others/

I've always hated the holidays...Growing up poor with no close family they were always a miserable time watching friends celebrating going on trips getting fancy toys etc...Getting older and working a few years in certain industries (mostly retail) instills another hatred of the holidays. (Anyone who has worked retail around Christmas knows where I am coming from)...Anyway I know I'm not the only one with this dread of the time between mid November and the end of the year. ..What makes me sadder this year is that I know how many of our struggling brothers and sisters are going to fall during the holiday season. Depression loneliness money woes all seem to feel magnified around this time of year. ..How many people are going to destroy their lives with DUIs as we get closer to New Years?..How many are going to reset to Day 1 after these 'festive times'?..And the funny thing is for everything portrayed on the Hallmark channel it seems almost everyone I have ever met stresses over this time of year more than enjoys it...I know this is mostly a rant. ..I'm not feeling really tempted (luckily) but I know a lot of people are going to be today and other days coming up soon...Stay strong friends. We can get though this. For everyone else who hates the season we will be in January soon enough...
----------immediate responses--------

Agreed completely - well written post and very relatable sentiment.  It is a tough time of year and I'm sorry everyone has to struggle through it.  I will remember why I'm here and not drink today.
 I did hate the holidays as well but it's just a luxury I cannot afford anymore so I learned to view it as just another day. Vice versa any other day to me is like a holiday I do not need the holidays to enjoy myself it can be party time any time day of the week..Maybe it helps other people to view it as such?
I am in favor of DUI laws but I wish some of the responsibility and penalties went towards the mega rich alcoholic beverage companies. They have their beer commercials and say "drink responsibly" in the end but how about the message "don't drink at all"? They got off the hook because they tell people to drink responsibly? It is a drug and if it wasn't a drug people wouldn't have problems with it. It's not like people have problems drinking milk or orange juice. Those aren't drugs. 10% of drinkers account for well over 50% of the alcohol consumed. The corporations might say drink responsible but their entire balance sheet and success depend on people not drinking responsibly. It is really outrageous.
right there with you on a lot of this. here's to 2017 with hopefully a lot more sober weeks under everyone's belts.
Not to add an extra dose of downer to this but..... yeah.  I have grown to hate this time of year...My mom has Alzheimer's.  We initially began noticing minor symptoms about 6 years ago right around this time.  Ever since Thanksgiving has served as a sort of demarcation point for how much she has regressed.  I am writing this from the plane and within about 40 minutes I'll be with her.  Still Mom.... but not really Mom.  You're kind of watching somebody slowly dying.  It's *absolutely* heartbreaking.  ..And that's how I experience the holidays now.  And I when I watch the television commercials where families come home for the holidays and it's a lovely multi-generational setting and everybody is getting laughing and nobody is sick.... I want to break that fucking television.  I want to just break everything...I have tried to drown it all out with alcohol but it never seemed to work.  Ever.  And like alcohol inevitably does to me regardless of my situation it ultimately just makes it worse.  Experiencing grief while violently hungover is a unique type of hell.  ..So I'm going to be nice to myself as nice as I can be.  And do all I can not drink with you all.   
I always remember the whole thing about people being more likely to have heart attacks on holidays especially Christmas and thanksgiving. The stress is real! ..https://www.advisory.com/daily-briefing/2014/01/03/tis-the-season-for-heart-attacks-strokes..Truly a stressful time of year. I've been focusing on lowering the stress and being more greedy with my wellbeing which has led me and my brother to decide to avoid one of our christmas holiday events with toxic family members. It just isn't worth it and I don't even really know those people anymore. 
I still like the holidays and decided to just not stress. I hate staying at my parents' so I booked a hotel for the visit. Fewer gifts in order to budget but everyone has what they need...I am very extroverted by nature. Im sure this annoys some people. However while volunteering at the place where I attend my AA home group today I made a point to circle around and sit with talk to people who were either sitting alone or just had no one talking to them. Maybe I annoyed them but maybe I made someone feel less alone. ..
One if the nicest things about being sober is that you have choices...I love hot cider and hot cocoa and Christmas lights and seeing all the displays and Christmas trees.  I do awacky light tour with my neighborhood.  None of this is drinking or family related. I used to gave a big sober Christmas karaoke party  but my current house doesn't lend itself to that ..Pick the parts of the season you like.  And ignore the rest. Or ignore all of it. Watch Netflix so no commercials don't go shopping stay off facebook. You can choose to participate or not...Or make it a season of giving and do volunteer work get gifts for kids who don't have them bake cookies for your neighbors...Or not...You do you.
Yes this time of year is horrible for me. Always very lonely and sad. My daughter us with her dad and it is usually horrible. Weekends are the same at times. I will not drink with you tonight 
Congratulations on your sobriety. I'm 20 years sober myself and love every minute of it. I don't want to make it sound like a contest so I'll temper it by saying that I am just as close to the drink as you are. Come share your Christmas struggles with us at /r/ihatechristmas 
