-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5eq31j/scattered_thoughts/

I don't have the energy to compose a post today. My thoughts are scattered hither and yon -- but I wanted to say something. I'm starting over again today. I'm thankful that you are all here. It is helpful to know that I am not alone in this struggle that there are others who understand who empathize and who do not pass judgment...The compassion I see demonstrated here makes it easier for me to have compassion for myself which is always a challenge for me. I suspect it is a difficulty to which many SD readers might relate. I can say with complete honesty that I would never subject another human being to the standards to which I have held myself in the past. I wonder how many of us are our own drill sargeants. More than a few I suspect...Be kind to yourself this holiday season. When you reach out to provide comfort and reassurance to others remember that you are deserving of those things yourself. It sounds like simple advice but actually for a lot of people it can be very hard. It is for me. Deep down below the level of conscious thought I have long believed that I am exempt from from having emotional needs. Even now as I type this the thought of weakness disgusts me. I picture myself crying and my reaction is an instinctual rejection...I actually have great difficulty crying even when I think I should. I can get close sometimes but then my mental control mechanisms kick in. I used to see my self control as a strength; now I see it as something holding me back from healing. This shield developed in response to repeated emotional trauma and it is very powerful. It protects me from pain but it also prevents me from connecting to others. I can only do so in a limited way. One of the reasons I drink is that it's been the only way for me to shut the damn thing off to let myself feel...It's not a good solution and it's certainly not a sustainable one. I know now that I am not alone. There are others like me. Living in a mind like this... it can be hell to be perfectly honest. I have certainly had endless daydreams of suicide over the years. It's no way to live thinking like that. But I've never given up not completely. I had a choice and I made my choice. I would fight. I personified my problem as well basically a demon and I told myself that it would either kill me or else I would drag it out of me and drive a sword through its chest...For anyone else who has dealt with problems stemming from emotional trauma and neglect... you have my empathy. And you're not alone. I know that healing is possible. It is the path I am on. I take two steps forward one step back. Be thankful for the struggle. It will make you a badass of epic proportions; it is not a curse but a gift from God. Fight and you will win. Just think about all the shit you've been through. The pain. The loneliness. The desperation. The entreaties to God to just make it all *stop.* And keeping all of that in mind you can say to the whole of creation: "I'm still here you mother fucker."
----------immediate responses--------

Still here! Also I can say from experience that it IS possible to cry like a badass
I'm still here with you too. Keep fighting the good fight. We're right there with you. 
[deleted]
Not going anywhere. 
Still here motherfucker indeed. And thanks for this post. As you said yourself you're not alone and I can relate to a lot of what you said
