-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5eqdhy/i_also_hate_the_holidays_and_am_struggling_today/

So I cancelled on seeing the side of my family that I actually do like because my pet got sick and I didn't want to leave him alone. Plus plane tickets are at least $450 and I'm broke...I also can't stop thinking about how lonely other members of my family are. My boyfriend and I are having our own thanksgiving dinner and I feel massively guilty for having someone to eat with...We went to the grocery store but I ended up leaving and waiting in the car because all I could think about was wine. I could drink a couple bottles and have a swell thanksgiving. But I'd be so sick tomorrow. That's what I kept telling myself. ..It's nice reading other people's stories here and know I'm not alone. I really love you SD'ers...The holidays suck.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear your pain and distraught. Just make it through today. I am sure a lot of us want to drink today me included. I too had to talk myself out of it just enjoying my evening knowing I will be okay tommorow. Happy Thanksgiving from you friend at SD. Things will get better just keep working at it.
A couple bottles of wine...thanksgiving dinner...memories of puking up cranberry sauce turkey and pie...thank you for helping me not drink today!!!
Happy Thanksgiving from a fellow sobernaut. Keep in mind that tomorrow Thanksgiving will be over and you'll be so proud of yourself for not drinking. Nothing beats that feeling.
This is definitely the most challenging day I've had since I quit drinking and that's saying something.  I'm one of the lonely ones mostly because of my own warped world-view.  I would love to shut down the pity committee in my head with a couple of 40s and a big ass blunt but I'm convinced that on waking that would just make them louder.  So I'll ride it out.  I'll feel the feels.  Tomorrow won't be Thanksgiving and I won't be hungover...I'm thankful for you and all of SD's sobernauts.
