-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5exubc/how_does_an_alcoholic_athiest_find_help_in_a_12/

I just got back from my first(willing) AA meeting. My SO got released from rehab yesterday(thanksgiving) and drank. She drank today and went on a rampage when I got home from work about 7:20. The meeting was at 8. I drank the two days before she left and I am in the wrong for doing it but...she's using it as an excuse and is walking to the store as I type this. I showed up late to the meeting because we were fighting and my son's friends mom welcomed me as I came in. She doesn't want to stop. I love her so much but she loves drinking and is using me as an excuse. I don't want to live this way. I want to sell my house(at an extreme loss) and go back to were my family is because she has not hit rock bottom. Am I wrong for this? I know my title was different than the body but the meeting was about relapse which was a great point. I've relapsed almost everday for the past 3 years because every morning I wake up and say I'm not drinking today and I do. I don't believe in God. I almost did while my wife was inpatient but the fact she got drunk her first day out.... She didn't go in for legal stuffs. I pressured. I can't wrap my mind about the God aspect. I can't give myself to something that isn't there. Im getting through tonight barely but wtf? What's the point? I know I have a mortgage and kids and a career but all of that seems pale in comparison to easing my pain.
----------immediate responses--------

I look at the Traditional AA Big Book like a grocery store: I won't buy everything in it but there's certain sections I go to for certain things that help me survive...That's how I've approached AA and I just filter out the God shit adn just hear people out to see if parts of their story come parellel to mine. Also just to be in a room of people from different walk talking about a mutual struggle is just healthy in general for me. ..As for being an atheist dealing with 12 step stuff Check out [Beyond Belief](https://play.google.com/store/books/details?id=W67NAwAAQBAJ&amp;source=productsearch&amp;utm_source=HA_Desktop_US&amp;utm_medium=SEM&amp;utm_campaign=PLA&amp;pcampaignid=MKTAD0930BO1&amp;gclid=CKjEhYHTxdACFZLmfgodig8M_A&amp;gclsrc=ds)..I go to a couple secular AA groups where I'm at and Beyond Belief is their alternative to the traditional AA Big Book. A lot of great musings that approach alcoholism philisophically rather than spiritually. Great read and HIGHLY suggest it for secular folks who want to get sober without the God stuff. ..Also check and see if your area has any secular AA meetings. ..Hope that helps good luck and stay sober!..:)
I really recommend trying out different meetings and different types of recovery groups.  SMART and Refuge Recovery are also options and there are a number of books outlining AA for atheists and the 12 steps interpreted in different ways...I'm not big on AA (Refuge Recovery for this atheist).  During my time in AA though I did pick up some useful things.  Unfortunately there was more to discard than to keep.  
Im somewhat agnostic at times. I havent quite decided yet. When I think about the "something greater than me" parts of life I like to think its as simple as a power created by all of us doing something together. For example Im not perfect and sometimes Im an idiot. But if i try to do better the good people in the world see that and help me along with encouragement. Im amazed by all the random people (like those here at SD) that are willing to jump in and help me with a little motivation. The same goes for negative things. If i want to shit all over something amazing evil will come out to join me. Thats the power of God and the Devil to me... its something we can create or invoke by our intentions and it follows whatever we focus on. So when I say I surrender and I cant do this by myself but I want to improve miraculously people speak up to help carry me along in that direction during my times of tired and weak. Thats that power of a higher power.. the good in all of us striving and wanting something better for all of us. You seem to want to improve your life so I will join you. Im not drinking with you today.
[deleted]
You've already received some really good feedback on here.  I have a few friends with very longterm sobriety and they're the kind of people I look up to.  The kind of sober people who just seem.... ok with it.  Their sobriety - while obviously a big part of their lives - really doesn't seem to define them.  And when I talk to them about my struggles with AA the big book the steps the notion of living a life where "my sobriety comes above all else including my loved ones" all of that shit... they really help me dial it back.  And their advice seems to be the same - "take what works for you leave the rest and remember at the end of the day it's much more about the *people* as opposed to the *program*."  Others on here may disagree but that really resonates with me.  If I feel like a lot of what I hear in there is dogmatic bullshit then fine.  But if I can come across one person who understands my struggle (like your son's friend's mom) and I can relate to.... that's amazing.   
Look up the Humanist 12 steps and start there. There may be atheist meetings in your area as well. The best resource  I've found is [AAagnostica](http://aaagnostica.org/). 
In 3.5 if you didn't pick a God at character creation you can dedicate yourself to a cause or alignment.
Agnostic in AA here - the steps work fine without deities...https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3w81es/last_night_at_the_aa_meeting_in_prison_the_12th/..this is a post I made some time ago.. ..Good luck  suggest some Alanon too..
I strongly second finding a SMART recovery group in your area. No higher power. Great stuff! Go well you've got this!
AA has worked for me but I admittedly went in as an agnostic not an atheist.  I have come to believe that the Universe is greater than me therefore it is my higher power my job to give back to it.  And I can only do that when sober. ..Some meetings are more "religious" in their language than others. Don't pay attention to that. If you don't like a meeting find another. Right now if you want to get sober go hang around some sober people at a meeting.  Keep it simple and just keep going. Either it will make sense after some time or you can find another type of recovery. ..One question to ask yourself is this.  Do you want to be right or do you want to be happy?
[deleted]
Just speaking for myself I found that while AA can be beneficial for agnostics and atheists the real healing has come through my relationship with Jesus Christ. ..I think that by opening my eyes I found God's plan for me and it did not involve alcohol!
My AA homegroup is Agnostic full of Agnostics Athiests and Freethinkers. If I wasn't there I'd be in SMART or Refuge Recovery for a primary meeting though I'd still go to "God" meeting AA on the side. YMMV
The aim of AA just to create a spiritual experience I am also an atheist and never convinced with AA approach but I practiced mindfulness and meditation in a similar way. 
Many folks see the collective group of AA as the higher power - there is a lot of support there. I went to a more religious meeting a few times and it just didn't work for me. I like the folks there but I really don't want to say a religious prayer to end a meeting. I found a group that seems to accept everyone and it has really helped me...
Look for a meeting with a name like "We Agnostics"...There are atheists and agnostics successfully sober in A.A....I am one.
Www.waaft.org lists atheist AA meetings 
I'm an agnostic/atheist too. AA wasn't a good fit for me for a number of reasons the god stuff one of many. I've heard good things about SMART Recovery but I don't have personal experience. What worked for me was a professional therapist yoga court sentencing journaling meditation time making all new sober friends a career change and moving to another state.....I think everyone's path is different and I don't think it has to include AA. The Big Book was helpful but I didn't find the community to be enriching or helpful at all. I asked over a dozen people in a year to be my sponsor and they all said no. ..The first guy I dated less than 30 days sober had been active in the community for over 20 years and worked in a recovery home and freaked out on me when I said I needed to focus on my sobriety - big no-no's even by their own ethos! ..I believe strongly that you are who you associate with and the energy of AA is not a healthy one for me. My closest friends are both recovering alcoholics who got sober independently for their health and long term. You can find peace and strength in your sobriety through other methods. Hail Satan! ;)
