-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5f8rku/a_song_lyric_for_those_demoralized_by_a_relapse/

I'm so glad that he let me try it again  .'Cause my last time on earth I lived a whole world of sin  .I'm so glad that I know more than I knew then  .Gonna keep on tryin'  .Till I reach my highest ground  ..- Stevie Wonder "Higher Ground"..[Great Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hGSqqhhokE) by Playing For Change  ..Guys (and girls) if this was easy anyone could do it. It's not it's a war. It's life-and-death and it matters.  ..It matters not to cause pain to ourselves and to those we care for. It matters not to fritter away our finances our health our potential. It matters to be a good person a kind person a bringer of joy and harmony to our worlds instead of the chaos and confusion we usually fling about recklessly.  ..It matters to live a life where we don't have to say things like "I'm sorry" and "It'll never happen again". It matters not to have people look at us with trepidation or fear of our rages.  ..This matters. We matter. YOU matter.  ..So don't give up on what matters. As I said this is WAR and war is a series of battles. Some of them you lose you learn you get up and keep fighting. Because you're fighting for something that matters.  ..If you've relapsed don't quit. Keep trying. Again and again if you have to. I've managed to stack up a couple of days in a row but I relapsed too. Twice in 2012 and again in 2013. I felt awful. I felt like a complete piece of crap a failure a horrible person a loser. A writeoff.  ..But sobriety mattered to me so I tried again. I changed my plans. I got help. I learned I worked i ground down the clock and then the calendar. Because it matters.  ..And I am glad I did because now I can type these words to you and tell you that you matter and that your fight can be won. And THAT'S what matters to me now. Not my own sobriety. Yours.  ..So if you relapsed remember it's not over. Don't give up.  ..Higher Ground. In every war in every time Higher Ground meant victory but Higher Ground had to be fought for.  ..Keep fighting. The view from up here is worth it.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for that awesome post!
Wow!  What an inspirational post and great motivational music to go with it.  As I'm only on Day 2 I needed this - the goal to be the best person I can possibly be.  Thank you.
Ah the talented Stevie Wonder...This song added some much needed funk to my evening. Thanks! And a big thanks to your post. Inspirational and a nice reminder that this is a beautiful albeit difficult process of self-discovery (and recovery) that continues as long as I want it to continue :)
Great inspirational post!
Thank you for this!!!   
