-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fp0le/day_14_was_my_relapse/

Two weeks...14 days...the longest time I've ever remained sober.  Then I had a relapse.  It wasn't the kind of relapse where I went on a binder and did stupid stuff and spent an absurd amount of money but it was a relapse none the less......So I flew my mom into town from Texas for the holidays.  I picked her up last Wednesday and she stayed with us until Monday night.  I survived Thanksgiving and having my mom around (who was drinking redbull and vodkas pretty regularly.)  Then Saturday came...kids were napping mom was napping and I was sitting there watching tv thinking "I can have a redbull and vodka and be totally fine..." So I poured myself one and I looked at it thinking about the sobriety I had managed so far and "how can this one drink be that bad?!" I drank it...I said fuck it and drank it.  It wasn't such a big deal at the time I had convinced myself my mom knew I was attempting sobriety but when she woke up and I told her she said it was fine and I should drink with her.  We had a few other drinks (nothing crazy) and I went to bed...Now is where the slow descent begins.  I woke up on Sunday feeling terrible.  Man after 14 days of sobriety a few drinks will knock you on your ass.  I definitely do not miss having hangovers those things are miserable!  Sunday night I went out to dinner with the family and again convinced myself a single drink would be fine.  I ordered a Coor's Light and only had one.  Felt proud of myself! Thinking I can manage my alcohol now.  However Monday came and my mom stayed with my grandpa so the wife and I had a night to ourselves....She had some champagne and I had got a bomber and a 6 pack.  I had a good buzz going and my wife and I had a great time and everyone was happy nothing crazy happened and composure was maintained...This morning came along and I had a slight hangover again nothing some bacon and water couldn't cure tho right?  Well I went to work at 1600 hours and couldn't stop thinking about the weekend the hangovers (albeit slight) the money spent and my health / mental status when it comes to alcohol...I feel guilty for drinking.  I came here 2 weeks ago with the full intention of sobriety to better my family and my life.  I had told several drinking friends about sobriety and they were actually impressed and supported my decision will full understanding.  In a sense relapsing has opened my mind even further to how I react with alcohol and the lack of self control I have.  Did everything go fine this weekend despite drinking? Sure but what about down the road? What happens when I go out and try and convince myself again that one or two drinks is ok?  I don't want to slip back into a life revolving around alcohol again.  This relapse has made me realize that.......By the 14th day before my first drink I had failed to check-in here post on threads and journal my thoughts or how I was feeling.  That was one of my biggest downfalls to the relapse.  Even my wife (who is new to reddit) noticed I wasn't posting or commenting and was concerned........So I come here once more requested a badge reset and starting my sobriety over with a little more knowledge than I had last time.  I need to be here posting daily even if it's not a post of my own just reading other peoples posts and commenting is a tremendous help I've found.  I have always said and will continue to say this community is amazing and the support is top notch.  Thanks reddit fam...Also whats with the La Croix stuff everyone is talking about? It seems that a lot of people are turning to that stuff.  I was thinking about picking some up tomorrow to give it a try...
----------immediate responses--------

You will be assimilated into the fizzy water club my friend!  Lol!  It's basically a ritzy brand of seltzer water. I go for Polar or store brand. Anywaysss welcome back! Glad you didn't slide into madness but shook off the demons again before they could take you down. Not drinking with you today! :)
Welcome back.  I am curious what is going to be different this time?  What is your plan?..Also any reason why you had alcohol in your house at day 14?  Maybe you would be better off not having it around?..Good luck
Thank for sharing your story. It helps me more than you know. ..A word I've learned recently is "prelapse." The way I understand it is that dropping our new healthy habits one by one adds up and leads to relapse. If we can get good at recognizing prelapse we can stop the descent. So doing our new healthy habits *even when we don't feel like it* *especially when we don't feel like it* is key. Hang in there!
