-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fp4mt/how_alcohol_almost_killed_me/

Prepare for a long rant. Thanks in advance if you make it all the way through...I almost titled it "How alcohol almost killed me and I didn't learn" but that would be a blatant lie. I have learned I've learned a lot. I've learned what it means to be human but also what it means to be a shell a husk on the verge of suicide...I don't have any excuses for what I've done or who I've become. I was raised as a good Christian boy by upstanding truly model-esque parents. Seeing some of the crap that children have to deal with honestly drives me nuts. I wish all kids could have my parents - my family or upraising didn't drive me to this awful facet of my life they defined the good qualities that I now struggle to hold on to. My sister and I did not get along growing up but who did? What saddens me now is that I don't remember those hardships because of all the drinking. My parents doing something "unfair" or my sister being a turd and breaking my Lego fortress it's all gone; not in a good way...Skip forward from childhood and I'm in highschool. I won't even get into the crazy shit that we did. It was fun though. Stupid but fun. The first time I kissed my highschool sweetheart wasn't until I had chugged two beers (which as a highschooler felt totally badass). I remember it so vividly because it was such an awful kiss (my doing). I was nervous buzzed and slobbery I also think I was smoking a cigar. Imagine your first kiss (which this was not for either of us) but more awkward. I like remembering that moment because it was the first time I remember being in love. Highschoolers right? Regardless that didn't work out. It was a mutual thing it's all good. I bring up highschool because I feel like this is where it began. My first time being drunk my first party etc. In retrospect it was so much fun but I feel like it was the start of a slippery slope that was bound for disaster...Fast forward again college is when my downfall began. I was accepted into my dream college wahoo!! I was the life of the party (as I like to believe or better yet the lie that alcohol told me). Nailed my first semester 3.8 if I remember correctly. Things were going great! I could go out boozing all night and be ready for class in the morning. Until my wake-up call in my second semester. 2.5. I had never had something like that before but I know what I can attribute it to. I remember calling my Mom when I found out what my GPA was crying because I had failed. It makes me sick to my stomach to know that I was drunk during that conversation. I distinctly remember a time when my Dad picked me up from my dorm and the first thing he said was "You smell like a brewery." Booze was the only thing that mattered in that semester and for a couple months it's all I did. It was bad. When it finally got the best of me I thought that taking a bunch of Xanax would end it. To this day I believe that my cousin kept me alive by talking to me and keeping me awake...I am skipping over so many parts of college it's absurd. Aside from the crappy parts I enjoyed it and it was really great. Enter the girl I thought was the girl of my dreams. Good Lord what a waste. I don't even want to go into detail because it still hurts me to this day. All of the fun times are shrouded by pain. Don't cheat folks. It hurts people and it's not okay. The day I found out I stormed to my parents house whipped a box of my stuff on the driveway and started bawling. My parents came out and wondered WTF was going on I yelled "That fucking bitch cheated!!"..I was drunk I don't think they knew that. As I was packing boxes I drank a crapton of booze. Something anything to numb it. This is where my disease kicks into high gear. I suggested to my Dad that we go to the bar and he agreed (unknowing what the future held for me or how badly alcohol had a hold of my life). We chatted a bit but I didn't want to be talked to. I got loaded and failed my Spanish exam the next morning...During that relationship a couple key moments happen that ring in my head. "I should be dead."..I was punched once. Stupid story right? Wrong. After that punch; I went down and got punched again. The assailant's buddy pulled him off but not before a wicked boot to the head. I woke up in the kitchen with a 3' diameter puddle of blood around my head. My girlfriend at the time and her roommate were losing there shit because I apparently wasn't breathing for a couple minutes before I woke up and coughed up a ball of coagulated blood. The dude who did it was beyond drunk. Pretty sure he still owes me money but I'm beyond over it...DUI. Holy shit how stupid can a 22 year old be? Dumb enough to get behind the wheel with a .19 BAC apparently.. I will never drink and drive again and I am a huge advocate for anti-drunk-driving. Some of you folks might not know what I'm talking about but after hitting a brick pillar at 60 mph I should be dead. Thank Jesus I didn't have anyone in my passenger seat. Never again...Fast forward through the blah blah blah everyone's had tough stuff happen so I'm not going to recite every crappy thing that has ever happened to me. The stupid part is that I drank all the way through it for a couple years before deciding to sober up and stuck with it for a couple months...I was doing infinitely better after some time. Then like the flick of a switch my uncle. A straight up good man the father to the cousin that saved my life was killed unintentionally but horrifically and unexpectedly (traffic accident - truck driver didn't notice traffic stopped on the interstate pinned his car between two trucks and started on fire). I could talk to him about anything but now I just cringe whenever I see a (insert major shipping company) truck. That dude (if my Father wasn't a totally awesome Father) would have been my 2nd Dad no question. I don't think I'll ever truly get over it. He would want his family to move on though I know that so I'm trying. But holy hell the amount of booze I drank to forget...Drink drink drink. Painful memories have dulled but the drink continues. Even after AA meetings that have proved I'm not alone. A couple more years go by and here I am still struggling and not finding the courage to face this demon...I'm hesitant to mention my current girlfriend in this because she is a straight up trooper that IS NOT to blame for any of this. I can barely look at myself in the mirror most days because I'm ashamed but she still loves me for all the good parts of me but I worry how long until the bad parts take over our relationship...All of this crap these stories had booze at the center of my life. Now a bit wiser but still stupid I have accepted that I am an alcoholic and I am trying to recover - just struggling. People close to me know but I still try to hide it even from them because it's embarrassing. I am truly have the mindset on getting better but it is a hard road to travel and I regularly slip up (which reminds me need to reset my badge...). Having ADHD and difficulty sticking to plans/ideas or even putting them into action is an added challenge...I'm an upstanding citizen. I pay my taxes I vote I have a good job and have friends family and a life. So many people don't (and I shouldn't) because of this. Yet sometimes I still feel like I'm the sole victim of this - it lies so well...The moral here is that alcoholism is not a joke. It's not a choice. It is a legitimate disease that pray no one I know has to deal with. Before you worry I'm dealing. Each day is a new day and every day that I'm sober is an accomplishment...God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change..The courage to change the things I can..And the wisdom to know the difference...Thanks for listening to my lifelong rant and frustration. I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry if the formatting is shit. Put in on mobile.
Welcome back..In my experience the demon is controllable.  And the blame I was spreading far and wide was just my license to listen to and obey that demon who turned out to be a petulant scared child...Hugs to that inner child helped a bit but once I got his attention I had to set some firm boundaries and call him on his shit.  loudly forcefully.  repeatedly.  in real life people would have called child services but the tantrums were endangering my life...I did this through AA and what helped was having other people who served as examples of what not to do.  As well as hanging out with folks who did not listen to my excuses - eventually that inner brat grew up or ran away and joined a carnival - doesn't matter - I'm much better now.
Thank you for sharing your story. I'm so sorry for your loss and I'm so hopeful for your future. 
 Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.  .  Mother Teresa...I will not drink with you today.
"The moral here is that alcoholism is not a joke. It's not a choice. It is a legitimate disease that pray no one I know has to deal with."..Amen. ..I hear what your saying. Like you I have had a fairly easy life compared to many other people. Yet I still tried to throw it away to alcohol. Addiction/alcoholism sucks but that is what help is for. Every day is a battle but each day also provides the opportunity to take a step forward...Thanks for sharing. I wish you the best. Stay strong you can do it!
&gt;alcoholism is not a joke..Thank you for the strong reminder. I certainly won't be drinking w you today. 
Your story sounds similar to mine and has helped me today. Thank you you have a bright future.
Thanks for posting I counted three times alcohol almost killed you.  I've got good mathering skills.  ..I'm from the Midwest too.  Alcohol is everywhere.   And everyone drinks a lot.  But I drank a lot more than everyone else.  And a lot more often than everyone else.   Well  I surrounded myself with people who drank more than me so I could rationalize  "Well I'm not as bad as so and so!"..Sometimes life sucks that's the truth and a lot of people don't want to admit it.  Drinking doesn't make it better.   It might take away the pain for a little bit then again  it might not.  And when you come to a lot of times you get to deal with all new problems plus the ones you're drinking to escape. ..Thanks again for posting.   It's posts like these that keep me from drinking because they remind me of what my relationship with alcohol was really like.  I'm not drinking with you today! 
I got a DUI at 23 with a .24. I'm pretty familiar with the I shouldn't be alive thoughts. I've had several relationships with great girls get ruined largely because I couldn't get my drinking under control. I lost a full ride scholarship at the school I wanted to attend my whole life. I only have about 20 hours left to graduate but am having to put it on hold while trying to get my mental health under control. I'm fortunate to still have a supportive family and friends and somehow the physical health to compete as a distance runner. But the demon is still kicking my ass at the moment. That said I'll not drink with you tonight. 
