-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ftvx2/preventative_medicine/

I am 6 weeks in and feeling physically and mentally cleaner than I have in a long long time. I have filled my time up with "taking care of myself" - workout every day sleeping as much as I possibly can to recover making my own meals taking care of errands I'd put put off and new ones as they arise keeping my place clean etc...I have had nearly zero desire to drink instead I have been experiencing a lot of growth and really looking forward to catching up on what I've missed out on in that department...I'm posting because I feel like I'm afraid of how easy it has been. Life has not been easy sober but the staying sober part of it has not been a great test of willpower - I haven't spent these weeks fighting the desire to drink. I am afraid of what will happen if/when I do start to feel that desire afraid of waking up one day and having a different perspective than I do now. I am afraid I will forget how bad things really were with alcohol in my life how unhealthy it was and how much objectively better I am without it...I think coming here has definitely been preventative medicine so far . The constant reminder of people's daily struggles and successes from members on their day 1 to days in the thousands...I'd appreciate any other thoughts about protecting against/preparing for those harder times when they arise...Thank you all for the support you have given me so far and anyone who's having a rough day I'm sending good vibes your way...I'm not drinking with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

A common trap we fall into is that sobriety is easy. If it's easy maybe I don't really have a problem. If I don't really have a problem I guess I can drink a little today right? ...... 2 weeks later passed out in a gutter...I don't know if I have words of wisdom here but I can tell you that was one thing my relapse did for me that was really good. Last time around I thought maybe I had a handle on it...Nope. Went from about a 1/2 bottle of vodka a day to 3 months sober to a full bottle of vodka a day habit. ..So I **know** that for me I can't go back. There isn't a 'little bit' for me. I will have maybe a couple days or a week of 'moderate' drinking then I will go back to all the old habits. ..
First I think it's great that you're interested in protecting your sobriety!! Love this...For me I know that adhering to dry people / dry places makes this much easier for me. If I need to turn down invitations to weddings birthdays lunches whatever - I politely decline instead of jeopardizing my sobriety. ..Also I never ever  forget the hell I went through during detox. It was terrifying to say the least...Thanks for being here - I'm sending good vibes your way too :).
I feel similarly.  This is such a useful place to remind me of why I don't drink and remain vigilant to stomp down any justification demon thought that may rise to the surface at any time just when I think it's gone for good.  ..Thanks for not drinking with me :)
Like you I had a pretty easy time adapting to my new lifestyle.  It wasn't always easy but my resolve helped me feel secure.  I also felt "untested" in a lot of ways like you.  However this past week has sucked. I feel my brain rebelling against all my positive work like full-on self destruction mode is right around the corner. I am thankful for all of the days I have spent here reading about playing the tape forward hearing other people's research on moderation watching out for the times when I am hungry angry lonely and tired. I am thankful that this moment has come after I have had a chance to build up some positive habits and gain some distance and perspective. Keep coming back is all the advice I can offer.  All of the things I have learned in the past 55 days have been helping me stay sober and sane through this difficult time. 
[removed]
Appreciate all the thoughtful responses!
