-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fvgcg/lied_about_drinking_now_i_have_to_lie_about/

so... the lying about drinking is pretty clear in hindsight. i didn't really lie so much as neglect to mention important "details". ..now I am thinking of what others will think when I refuse alcohol. will they KNOW. do I have to keep lying about why I'm not drinking ? what to do...here are some disconnected thoughts. it's late :)..- I've known 5 people who don't drink. one had a problem with it. one I have no idea. one preferred his brain as it was normally. two were the kind of people who also never smoked pot etc. this never made me view any of them in a negative light. more curiosity than anything. ..- people who have never struggled with alcohol or seen that struggle up close will very likely not make a big deal out of it unless you do. they'll see it as a quirk. they won't think you're an alcoholic unless you say so. they just don't think about alcohol very much anyway. ..- alcohol is weird like this. it's OK not to drink coffee avoid soda skip the meat stay off Facebook etc etc. alcohol alone is in this weird slot where it seems weird if you skip it. why ? ..- there s not a good go to line for this unless you're pregnant. we need one. badly. maybe the key is "taking a break" or "trying an x day challenge". ..- a long time ago I used to not drink because I was counting calories. I sincerely told people that I didn't have room in my budget for an extra 500 calories because to do that I'd have to be basically starving. nobody cared. people accepted the notion that I was counting calories and not drinking because of it. no problem. ..- at times people have said have a drink. I've said I can't I have to work later. it was true. I did. not a big deal. ..- would any of us ever feel bad passing on a joint saying no to a line of heroin refusing a cigarette or some mushrooms or any other drug ? we don't care if others skip cookies dessert ... . wtf? ..- maybe most of this weirdness is just in our minds 
----------immediate responses--------

Really insightful post i liked a lot of the points you came up with. Personally I would just tell everyone the truth. You're quitting because you don't want to drink anymore. That's all ya gotta say and it keeps things simple
The second point is a big one for me. I focused and still do to an extent so much on how much alcohol people were drinking. Most of my friends are people that can go out have a couple of pints then go home. That baffles me but on the flip side they never watched how much I drank like I did to them it just wasn't a big deal...Most people I've encountered don't question me when I decline alcohol but one thing I always do is keep a drink in my hand almost all the time when I'm with people that might be a bit pushy (I have several of them in my family). ..Your 7th point is an interesting one. When I quit heroin it was all "that's great news!" when I refuse alcohol it's "why? Have a real drink for fuck's sake" and "boooring!" It's crazy. 
You've got all the great points covered. One more factor is that people reflect how you act. Make a big deal about not drinking and it becomes noticeable and notable. Neglect details use a simple "no thanks" or "I'm good" as you gesture to your half-filled glass of soda and most people will let it go.
