-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5g0sy2/looking_for_support/

Hey everyone this is my first post on reddit ever. I somehow stumbled across this thread one day and thought it would be a great resource for me!..So I've known for years that I've had a problem with alcohol and have really battled with myself over rather I should quit drinking in the past. I'm not the type that drinks all that often though. My problem is that more often than not when I find myself drinking in a situation where excessive consumption is the norm(like at a college bar at night tailgating etc) I blackout...a lot. It was so easy for me to tell myself that I could still drink even when I was utterly ashamed after an awful blackout because I could go to a restaurant and just have one drink or stay at home and have a few drinks with friends etc. Most of the time I didn't have a problem when I drank...I had never had any real consequences from my blackouts other than crippling hangovers and drunken shame but that finally changed yesterday when I woke up in the drunk tank after being taken in on public intoxication.  Needless to say I have no idea how I ended up there becasue I blacked out. ..I am absolutely disgusted with myself. I'm going to have to tell my parents to have any shot of getting the public intoxication charge off my record because I'm pretty sure I'll need a lawyer for that and I can't afford one. I've put my parents through a lot over the years as I have really struggled with depression to the point of being competely non-functional in the past. I'm scared of what their reaction is going to be and I'm so upset with myself. I just hope I can make it through the last week of school and finals without having a mental breakdown. I feel like all I do is cause problems for my family and friends...On a more positive note I think that I am finally ready to admit that I have a problem and that I can't drink anymore.....tl;dr...History of getting blackout drunk no serious consequences other than knowing deep down that I had a problem and struggling with rationalizing why I don't have to quit drinking. Woke up in the drunk tank yesterday and I think I'm finally ready to quit for good. I'm really upset with myself...
----------immediate responses--------

I'm new here too and only a few days sober.  I'm trying not to beat myself up or dwell on all the past stuff (ha! Easier said than done!!!). ..My focus is on posting here as much as I can and not having that first drink...I will not drink with you today.
I know that feeling it's awful. However with effort and time you'll one day be able to look back at this and maybe just eek out a smile. Good news is that time heals all and you've definitely come to the right place to start your journey. Welcome! ..Much love.Bossbobross..(Ps. If you're on the fence I challenge you to write a pros and cons list of drinking. It's a good exercise to remind yourself of the impact drinking has had in your life.)..
I too grappled with the thoughts of wanting to quit for years before I took the plunge. I convinced myself for years that surely my problem wasn't that bad because I didn't have legal consequences and didn't drink everyday. But it progressively got worse to where I would black out nearly every time I did decide to drink (tried to only drink on certain days). It was pure insanity how I tried to control my drinking to convince myself I was "normal." Being sober is my new normal and regardless of how alcoholic or problematic I was I am happier and more content in my life than I ever have been. I think a lot of it was self medicating to mask pain and depression. The fog has lifted and I don't regret not drinking. In fact the thought of drinking again scares the crap out of me. We welcome you and are glad you are here. Keep coming back! I will not drink with you today. 
[deleted]
