-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5g2vss/i_made_it_i_didnt_cave_i_didnt_drink/

I'm so happy right now..For the first time I managed to get through a function and not have a single drop of alcohol. YAYYYYYY!!..It was only a few days ago I was in a similar situation and I thought to myself " I'll just have a sip".. one sip turned into a glass and so on...So... - this morning. I got up jumped on SD sipping my coffee and devising a plan as to how I would make it through today and not screw up.  I knew I would be in an environment where alcohol was present but I was so determined to get through this for the first time... I practised saying "no thankyou" "Just a soda water is fine".. etc out loud at home. It actually helped me a lot...I started to read posts. I read until I felt stronger and more confident. I went on a reading and posting frenzy. .The more stories I read the more information I can absorb the better I can work through this...One post in particular helped me and it was something along the lines of..  be as strong as you can and don't get discouraged..I was struggling this morning but I kept SD close and I was determined to stick to my plan. I felt like I had learnt a bit from last time I messed up.. also something else that I read that struck me was to think about how I will feel the next day....Not just focusing on the drink then and there but looking ahead and knowing what crap lies ahead of me if I take that drink....I've run that rodeo many a time before but.. funnily enough I don't think I've ever really looked at it from that perspective or cared for that matter. Today I did my best and knew what lay ahead of me if I started to drink again. I didn't want to wake up tomorrow feeling like I have so many times before  I wanted a brand new tomorrow not the ones I have gotten so used to...I felt like I was going into battle walking into that room today. I had my immediate prop which was a mineral water in my hand as soon as I could so I was occupied with a drink already. That helped my momentum. I had a drink offered to me I declined as I already had one. First hurdle. (That's the part where I normally mess up.. the first few minutes where I have ended up saying to myself.. oh I'll just have one. I even try and lie to myself!..I was asked "aren't you having a drink".. "would you like a drink?".. then it went to "c'mon join us why aren't you drinking?".I was literally answering in my head.. "NO! No I don't want your drink.. I have one.. how many times and why the hell do people keep asking me?? NO FUCK OFF NO DAMN WAY.. "..I opted for a simple no thanks most of the time. I've never drunk so much mineral water in my life or needed to go to the bathroom so much. I think I just kept drinking my soda as a distraction..I remember I kept looking at the time. I was so proud of myself after the first half hour or so that I still hadn't had a drink..Then I started to feel a bit stronger I knew I could get through this (as annoying as people were with their remarks hopefully that will fade but it did piss me off today) the more that time passed I remember thinking to myself.. OMG I'm doing this... I'm actually doing this. ..I walked to the bathroom on one of my many trips there smiling. Like I achieved something I really didn't think I was capable of doing. It was surreal...I made it through that lunch. I made it all the way through without an alcoholic drink. First time ever...My favourite part of today was when I walked in my front door this afternoon. I saw my doggy. The sun was still shining outside it was beautiful and warm still so I took him for a walk down to the park...None of this would have happened if I had taken that drink. I wouldn't have enjoyed the sunshine and the fresh air I wouldn't have seen him run and play I definateley wouldn't have run along side him smiling and knowing how much I love him..I wouldn't have come home and made myself a beautiful dinner..But all those happy moments did happen to me because I didn't have that drink...Tonight I'm going to bed sober. I put clean sheets on I'm tired and I think I'm going to sleep well. Even if I do have an interuppted sleep it doesn't bother me because I sure as shit wont have a hangover! hooray :)..I know there's a very long road ahead but I'll remember today it's changed me for the better it's given me hope that I can do this...Thankyou SD xx
----------immediate responses--------

great work
Well done! I'd be so proud if I were you right now!
Awesome job! My office Christmas party is next Friday and I'm already mentally preparing to say "no" over and over. :)
You did such a great job! Fighting the good fight and then gaining the best reward--the focus and energy to love your dog.
Reading this gave me the biggest smile. Congratulations on the huge accomplishment and from one stranger to another I'm so proud of you! I'm sure your pupper thanks you too. :)
What a great post! Thanks for sharing - so proud of you!!  
 Congratulations and thank you. What you shared was wonderfully conscious and I believe that's what we all want... conscious living. There may be a long road ahead but there is only today and today you are wonderful!!!
"...I've run that rodeo many a time before but.. funnily enough I don't think I've ever really looked at it from that perspective or cared for that matter..."..This is a key insight.  You've understood that thoughts happen and urges pull us towards pleasure or away from pain but that it is not necessary to act on each thought...I just try to keep telling myself over and over that my mind makes an excellent servant but a terrible master.
Great post and wonderful efforts - keep going - you can do this!
I'm so proud of you :)
This made me smile...so beautiful. Thanks for sharing :)
Amazing very proud of you. I remember the first time I did the same...was at a bar after work and I was already a couple weeks sober but nervous about the event. Went straight to the bar and got a Diet Coke with lime so people would just naturally assume there was rum or whiskey in there too...worked wel and I was ecstatic when it was over. I'm facing my first fully sober weekend in awhile which I'm a bit nervous over but reading your success story has given me hope and confidence. Thank you for sharing!
You are all amazing. I woke up and found all these supportive messages in my inbox. It propels me forward..I feel like I have an army of support around me with SD and for someone that has kept this secret to herself for so long to get it off my chest and to start talking about it helps more than I can express..You all rock!!.I'm not drinking again today.. and yes I'm still grinning like a cheshire cat :)
"I walked to the bathroom on one of my many trips there"..Aint it amazing to make that walk sober!??
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Never give up what you want most for what you want at the moment."
