-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5g7jqe/so_tired_of_this_vicious_cycle/

  .First off. Sorry not really sure how to format. Anyways.... .. I have no doubts or hesitancies when I say I am powerless over alcohol. I hate what it's done to me physically spiritually and mentally/emotionally yet I still can't string together any more than a couple months between relapses. .       When I initially dry out I am so convinced motivated and eager to turn things around. As the days weeks and months roll by I find myself depressed lonely bored and ambitionless.  Rather than face these emotions and live life on life's terms I find myself numb and apathetic cruising around on 'autopilot' finding myself self medicating to alleviate these reoccurring and seemingly inevitable woes. I'm having a really difficult time staying away from marijuana which very quickly leads to getting drunk and yet another white chip. .     All my good sober friends are about 4000 km away in a completely different country and I'm having a hard time networking and truly connecting emotionally to a support group/sponsor I so desperately need. That's on me though I know that the fellowship is welcoming kind and caring...I just hope to change that soon cause feeling alone in a crowded room with people I have more in common with than anyone is really making me feel broken or inadequate. .     I'm going to a meeting on Monday (soonest I can) and hope to begin to turn things around. I know things sometimes improve imperceptively over time so I'll do my best to be patient willing and open. I've sworn alcohol off and quit so many times I feel I'm starting to lose hope in my recovery but I know that's just the disease talking. I mean shit...I'm only about 28 hours sober now. I need a sponsor. ..And a hug. Thanks for not drinking with me today.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Ugh that 28 hours is so damn tough...congrats on keeping sober through it! I'm glad you're going to a meeting and seeking a sponsor that's great! I'm sending you a big warm hug a pat on the back and a high-five for kicking ass right now :). 
I hear you and hope that soon you will find a way to connect with someone. There are many people around you who feel the  same and would understand. Don't give up. Things always change. 
{{{HUGS}}}
