-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5g95kn/some_babblerandom_thoughts_on_day_9_on_feeling/

Day 9! I had 6 days drank one beer and am back at 9 days. I want to say that I'm at 16 days with one beer but that's not how it works. That's how I trick myself into a downward spiral back into drugs or alcohol every time. ..So it's 3 am and I am playing video games and felt like randomly checking in. ..I'm not taking a break. I've quit. So this is a huge accomplishment for me. But.. now I'm struggling with popping pills again. I'm so frustrated. If I quit one I tend to pick up the other. Tomorrow will be day 1 clean and sober. I'm sick of all of this. Tomorrow I will be buying tennis shoes and teaching myself how to jog. That sounds so silly.. teaching oneself how to jog? I have no experience though so it will be a learning process. I obviously need to substitute something healthy here (without it becoming addiction status hopefully) because I keep subbing out pills for alcohol or alcohol for pills. NO! No brain! Stop it. Just.. stop. Very proud and very frustrated here all in one...Also I feel terrible because all I've been doing is "me me me" around here. I'm not a selfish person.. it is fully stemming from the dumb idea stuck in my head that 'I have no room to talk'. I know that my support is as welcome here as is my receiving support and I feel terribly guilty over how I've gone about participating here so far. So it's time to cut that out too and become a productive member of this sub instead of a selfish (even if not intentionally) member of this sub. ..Tonight/this morning? I will not drink with you!..I hope everybody is staying strong and doing well. And I hope you are all allowing yourselves to be proud of your accomplishments no matter how insignificant they may seem like they SHOULD seem. All of our accomplishments are tremendous and I am proud of everybody and as always grateful for you all too.
----------immediate responses--------

It's not selfish to share because I have gained a LOT of wisdom through reading other people's posts. ..Well done for not drinking. ..
couch25k taught me how to run. check it out!
I felt selfish at first too but everyone here is so amazing. We are here for each other!  Keep up the good work and ramble anytime.  .Not drinking with you today!
