-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gaww4/going_out_to_bars/

Hi everyone.I am not much of a solitary drinker I had been going out to bars a  lot to deal with boredom and loneliness and to have fun and talk to people. I live alone and I can't have any pets. I went through a breakup a few months ago I am still struggling with...I'm curious as to what other strategies people may have to deal with this scenario. The loneliness and depression seems unbearable at times. I went to two recovery meetings this week which seemed to help but I don't have a whole lot to say or share at this point for some reason. ..thanks! 
----------immediate responses--------

In early sobriety I protected myself from alcohol by staying away from bars and anyone who abused alcohol. What helped me was a therapist and involvement in AA. A sponsor and working the steps opened my eyes to a new way of life. Volunteering joining a gym and taking classes are ways that I met people. I took square dance lessons and met wonderful folks. It was pleasant surprise that alcohol was never a part of their dances. 
I ended up going to coffee shops instead where you meet similar but sober people.  Some coffee shops are better than others.
I came to reallise that I drank to solve two problems boredom and stress. I put loneliness in the boredom bracket...I realised a few things; 1) I had not developed healthy ways to deal with either 2) everytime I struggle and have to think what to do I'm learning new things to deal with these. ..I see it as expanding my toolbox with new skills and knowledge that will last with me for a long time to come. What are the healthiest things you can think of? Healthy may mean good for the mind body or simply helping you move towards your goals...Meetup.com can be a great resource for loneliness..Investing in yourself is always a winner training for career stuff courses for hobbies (learn to paint play an instrument)..Bite the bullet and book some holiday or travels for next summer and work your ass off to ensure you have the best time ever..Buy a motorbike and get your kicks that way or learn scuba and meet people doing a new sport...A powerful vision backed up with strong belief should be the foundation of any strategy. What kind of person do you want be? Write it down. Get that vision firmly fixed in your mind. Believe it. Understand that with a strong vision you can achieve a hell of a lot. ..I have a strong image of the person I want to be I believe it.  Saying no to drinks is far easier now. And every day I'm getting closer to that person I want to be (that person you imagine already exists by the way it just needed the vision and belief to make it take front stage)..Hope that helps. Sorry for the long message had a slightly challenging evening being constantly hounded to drink in the most incredible setting with a lot of old friends in an all day all you can drink event.
