-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gbez8/i_relapsed_today/

73 days and now it's all gone. I feel so ashamed and I have no idea what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Just don't drink today. And don't beat yourself up.
Glad to see you back on here. You got this. 
You're here and that says something good for you.  You got this!
No one here can judge you.  Don't give up because of this.
Imagine this /u/novacooper. You are running a marathon. It isn't an easy run at all but despite this you continue running. There are several uphills but there are also several downhills and it feels great when you experience that. Sometimes you find it difficult to catch your breath and you have to walk and thats okay. People are cheering you on from the sidelines they believe in you and your ability to complete the race. You've already proven yourself! You have already gotten so far! You reach a down hill and it's easier to run so you increase your pace. But here we go again you reach another uphill. OH SHIT! YOU TRIPPED! You fall down but you are okay. It was a slight mis step on your part but you are uninjured and you are still able to run. You are on the ground and people are running past you some people ask if you are ok and you say you are fine so they continue running. ...But in a moment of courage and bravery on your part you realize you might have to ask someone for help. You call out for assistance and a fellow runner reaches down and attempts to lift you up. She is assisted by another runner and they lift you off your ground onto your feet again. There's no doubt that that it's difficult to get up but you do. You start walking you begin to get your stride once again and you continue running. You didn't have to restart the race because you are so far into your run already you just tripped. ...The runners helping you up are the recovering alcoholics. We are here to support you and help you back on your feet because we have all tripped and fallen in the past and we've been there. You began the race 73 days ago you know! You know that you have the experience and dedication to continue running. We believe in you thank you for reaching out for help. **All is not lost**.
"Though no one can go back and make a new start anyone can start from now and make a new ending." - Carl Bard
Take what you have learned and continue to apply it! All is not lost my friend. Get back up on that horse and keep on trucking toward your goal to a happier life; that's what I have to do. 
I've wondered why people don't use fractions instead of just counting days since the last drink. Like 1/100. I've had 100 sober days and slipped up once. It seems to me like it would be easier to keep motivation this way instead of resetting the number to 0. But maybe that's just me.
&gt;  I have no idea what to do...74 days :)
Your 73 days aren't gone. They can't be taken away. One slip and you're back. Well done. Don't beat yourself up for being human. Keep on keeping on. You can do it. 
