-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gdjgr/20_days_no_drink_sober_or_not/

Booze has been my main problem for over a decade. I had 3 years got pregnant and relapsed after son was born. This is my longest going w out a drink in two days. Though I can't give up the occasional or more frequent than that pot smoking. I feel like a sham in meetings. Im coming up on 30 days and it's like I have no clean time cause I still smoke a few times a week. Thinking like that makes me want to give up so I tell myself I still haven't had a drink and that's an accomplishment.  ..Do any of you stay sober from booze but smoke marijuana? If so do you feel that compulsive draw to it like you do the booze? Do you consider someone who goes to AA a sham if they still smoke weed? 
----------immediate responses--------

It's not for any of us to tell you how you should feel but I've tried and failed using cannabis as a substitute for booze. Just because there's not the hangover I found I was still using it as a getaway the same way I was using booze. Weed can be a far better and more beautiful thing than booze but I had to come to the realization that sober meant sober regardless of what it was that was doing the trick. ..Don't judge yourself and come to your own conclusions. 
That's a HUGE accomplishment!..-..I remember a friend of mine whom I play games with regularly over the net. We've become such close friends that I know of his pretty heavy substance abuse. I've tried to get him to follow suit to my own progress in here (he probably  reads this) but he couldn't even stop for 5 days drinking nevermind his substance abuse. His excuses were in the 100 if it wasn't his abusive ex then it would be customer complaints at work or his shitty wages or his bitchy boss or his unfortunate experience with customer service and repair of his computer stuff...with him - there is ALWAYS and excuse to keep drinking....Yes my buddy has smoked weed for 15 years and he wouldnt give that up so I try to get him off the booze instead. One step at a time right?..-..You're AMAZING!!!  you made it this far and soon it's a month. Keep it up for yet another...and try to cut down on the other substances later when you feel you managed to get rid of alcohol for good. One step at a time. Little sucesses hard battless...endless rewards -  the most important one: Your life!
I'd say it counts just fine. My motto is ALWAYS "One thing at a time" for normal vices. ..Think of it like this: you meet somebody who says they are taking on a minimalist lifestyle quitting smoking going sober and losing weight all at the same time. It sounds impressive in the moment but three months later I'll bet very little progress has been made in any one area with a while lot of backsliding. Think of New Years resolutions for reference. ..Now imagine you just meet somebody who said they quit smoking six months ago and hasn't touched one since. They say they're now focusing on losing weight. ..At the end of the day if you can talk about and show big improvement in one area I think you're going to garner more respect...Plus it's easier to say "f*ck it" when the combined pressure of too many changes too quickly come crashing in. ..When I decided to quit smoking last year I deliberately stopped trying to lose weight. I didn't start again until I could drive to work without a single thought of cigarettes other than "I can't believe I used to be paralysed by the thought of going into work without enough cigs to make it through the day."
I wouldn't beat myself up about smoking weed from time to time...I used to be quite the MJ enthusiast grew some and smoked daily. It was kind of a hobby; a passion one might say. It's when I quit smoking weed altogether that I started to drink more heavily and that the real problems started...I'm not saying smoking weed is a good thing but it didn't cause me the same damage that alcohol did that's for sure...[You could also take a look at this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5djca2/how_many_of_you_smoke_weed_or_used_to/)
I still partake occasionally maybe a few times a year. I never saw it as a sub for alcohol since I don't do it socially and I really can take it or leave it. ..I think it may be different for each person though? If you feel like it's getting in the way of your best growing self... then I would take a hard look at it and see what you're using it for. What void you're looking to fill?
I prefer being *Unimpaired*...Your preferences are yours.
