-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gked0/thinking_out_loud/

As far as stopdrinking goes for me I am doing pretty damn good. This is the longest I have ever stopped for. 463 days sober but I'm still broken. I haven't fixed the thing in my life that makes me happier. It's not all sad songs and rainshowers but I'm not happy enough. Since quitting I have struggled with depression. At least in my eyes I have. I have no suicidal thoughts and I don't want to hurt anyone else. But I get sad like my best bud passed away. I think the sadness started from my loss of alcohol and the people I used to hang with. But I miss the alcohol less everyday and some of the people. Somedays I am sad cause I very few friends and I don't really want anymore. Also adding to my depression is my lack of proper diet and exercise. I've been on a rollercoaster the last year. I get it together for a few weeks then fade/crash and burn for a few and repeat. I'm currently on the up swing now so things are getting better. I decided today that I'm going to try and stay positive for the next week. Try to be happy think happy thought spread my happy idea on reddit and see if the extra really helps. Going to give this a month and if it doesn't get any better then I'll look into finding a new therapist. seriously because had one when I first quit and he helped me a lot but then I got big headed and thought I could handle myself...which maybe I can but I need to be honest and if I'm not better by next year then yeah it's time. I feel better already just venting to this sub. ..I'm not drinking today! 
----------immediate responses--------

463 days is awesome chip!! Well done what an inspiration. I think it's easy to think if we quit drinking then our lives will be magically rosey. I am cautious of this myself. I think getting help from a therapist may help. What about hobbies or activities where you could meet other people make new friends? This is something I'm going to look into once I get a job and am more financially able to. I will not drink with you today and I'm glad you're here. 
Exercise. Exercise and then exercise again. Try it all and find what works for you. Go for a walk take up hula-hooping water aerobics boxing swimming spin class (which is kind of like being on an exercise bike in a shitty nightclub blaring shitty dance remixes and your shitty MDMA pill didn't kick in). Whatever works. I fucking hate exercise (in theory) but it's honestly the best thing you can do. And exercise leads to an improved diet. Whenever I don't want to go to the stupid gym I think about the time I used to spend in the stupid pub and I know which version of stupid I will choose.
I'm not drinking with you.  Congrats on that smiling badge of yours...
