-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gmg1o/i_need_a_daily_reminder_or_else_i_forget/

If I don't remind myself that I am an alcoholic for whom alcohol causes massive problems in my life then I will undoubtedly drink. I have proved this to myself time and time again. So I check this sub every morning I read your posts and listen to the advice hope and kindness that you all throw out there. I pray in the morning to what ever might be out there to help me to stay sober today. Because fuck alcohol. ...I can't remember the last time I actually had fun drinking alcohol. It  just doesn't happen anymore. When I drink it makes me feel absolutely horrible. It makes my skin feel all waxy it makes me sweat and shake it makes my head feel like a split cord of firewood. It makes me vomit and regret living. It makes me hate life. ...SO I will be staying sober with all of you out there. Every day that I don't drink is better than the one before for the most part. If you are struggling just keep on fighting and don't give up hope. We can do this no matter how hard it might seem sometimes. Because this life is better than the one I was living. ...Here's to today sober.  
----------immediate responses--------

Me too!  Thanks for your well worded post.  An hour a day (on SD) helps keep my alcohol away.
Wow-  Great post.  Thanks! It is like you were reading my mind this morning!.."I can't remember the last time I actually had fun drinking alcohol. It just doesn't happen anymore. When I drink it makes me feel absolutely horrible. It makes my skin feel all waxy it makes me sweat and shake it makes my head feel like a split cord of firewood. It makes me vomit and regret living. It makes me hate life."..That is so dead on my feelings it is scary!..A recent reset just because I forgot. Thanks for the reminder!
Oh my goodness...you're right.  Alcohol made me hate my life.  I thought I was just sad incredibly overworked and over-stressed.  But nothing really had any color anymore.  Life became one-dimensional.  No wonder I started hating life.  ..Thanks for the poignant reminders and sober on!
Absolutely spot on! .Thanks for posting. 
