-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5goegn/starting_over_again/

Hi everyone. My name is seven_senses and I'm an alcoholic. I have been "in recovery" I suppose you could say since 2011 but have had more than a few relapses since then. My most recent one was a couple of days ago and here I am starting my count over again. But this time it is different. This time I have more motivation to stay sober. I have health reasons (that I would rather not go into) which I just found out about that are requiring me to stay sober. I also have employment reasons that I need to stay sober now; I haven't been in any trouble lately I am just starting a new job soon where sobriety (and lack of hangovers) is especially important. I am also trying this whole spirituality thing. I have been varying forms of agnostic for many years now but with the help of my therapist I am trying to create some form of spirituality in my life. We are both hoping that this will help me to get sober and stay sober as well as fight my stubborn depression that nothing really seems to work significantly for. ..Anyway it feels different this time because it is. The situation is a little different this time but most importantly I am different this time. Sorry for the rambling post but I want to start being a part of this community and I wanted to actually introduce myself instead of being super vague like I tend to be when talking about myself in real life. So anyway it's nice to be here. And I appreciate all of the support you've offered me as just a lurker. Hopefully I will be able to give some of that back in the future.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome and congrats on coming back! Hard to do! 
Hi there - I understand your pain. I am always here to listen and commiserate 
Hi welcome! Stability and in peace with yourself is the most important thing in life. The more at rest and stressless you are the easier it is to cope. Spirituality sounds good still learning meditation and mindfulness but when done right it can be a great tool. I will not be drinking with you today!
