-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gwap1/im_in_a_dark_dark_place_right_now_hello_from_the/

Today I realized just how depressed I've become.  ..It is hard to get out of bed...I can't sleep and when I do sleep I struggle to get out of bed...I can't find the energy to do simple things like clean up the house...get a shower before bedtime.  Hell some times it is tough to brush my teeth.  ..I've cancelled appointments/plans with friends and family because it is too hard to pretend I'm ok.  I told them I'm not feeling well...which is true and false at the same time.  It is embarrassing and exhausting to fall to pieces at the drop of a hat.  Today as I looked at the leftover setup from a party that took place 2 weeks ago I realized just how bad it is.....Last Wednesday my husband (soon to be ex) and I signed the paperwork to finalize our divorce..  I will be officially divorced sometime in the next two weeks.  My heart is broken over this divorce and while I know it is probably best for both of us I'm so lonely and I hate the fact that I've lost my home my beloved pets and my financial stability in addition to my marriage.  ..So I texted my Mom my sponsor and some of my supports to tell them the truth..that I'm deep down in the well of depression.  As someone who has battled clinical depression anxiety bipolar depression and addiction it is surprising it took me so long to recognize how bad it has gotten...This is like the end of my active alcoholism in the sense of the lack of motivation the listlessness the grief and the general feeling of being "unwell".  ..It wasn't until I reached out for help that I started to recover.  Today I'm reaching for help...because I need it.  ..I am sad.  I know I'm not alone and I'm not the first person to feel this way but that brings no comfort right now.  I want to just shake it off.  I want to "just cheer up! Everything is going to work out!" but that is not the way depression works.  ..I've called my therapist and my psychiatrist and I will be following medical guidance to get me back on track.  All of my medical providers are aware of my history of drug and alcohol abuse and I will continue to be up front with them.  ..I've survived a lot of challenges in 931 days...and it feels like I haven't been able to get a break.  But if I numb my feelings I not only block out the pain but I block out the moments of beauty and happiness I've also had.  ..I'm not drinking today.  I'm sad but booze won't fix that. ..Stay sober my friends...Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

I know these feelings well my friend.  You are in my thoughts!
I'm so sorry Mouse.  I'm glad you are reaching out to all the places you can for help.   And I'm thinking about you and hoping for more moments of beauty and happiness for you.
Wishing you well! We all stand with you. 
Mouse  so sorry this is happening to you. I truly hope that relief comes soon. Although you are going through such difficult times I want you to know that I find strength and inspiration in your post. Here's a great big hug for (((((you)))))!
Well you have every right to be sad (seems normal under the circumstances) and every right to be even more proud of your sobriety.  Breakups suck!  They're the worst!  Sometimes just like with drinking the best we can do is get through one more day.  If you can't tell - I've seen this movie - recently - and it's just one day at a time.  Great that you reached out for help it's not always easy to do.  Godspeed.
I'm so sorry you're in such a dark place I hope you can feel some light soon. Keeping you in my thoughts mouse.
Thank you for reaching out! As sad as it is to read your story it's a reminder to all of us especially the new people that even with 931 days and a smiling star life still shows up in sobriety. Our lives do not become magically fixed and all of our worries do not melt away...What's great is that you know that you have the foundation and the tools to get through this time. It excited me to see that you reached out to your support network. Your mom your sponsor and your friends will be there for you through this and so will we...If you feel up to it maybe hit up a meeting. Your story would surely connect with people in the room. Thank you again for being brave and sharing it with us. Your sobriety is an inspiration.
I'm sorry mouse.  I'm sending prayers your way and keeping you in my thoughts.
(((((hugs))))) depression sucks. I read an article the other day about what alcoholics need from a vitamin standpoint and it really made sense....I also read that the vitamins helped depression in several alcoholics... The article stated that our chemistry is off which makes us more prone to depression and alcoholism. I've started them and hope that it helps....
I'm right down in that dark pit with you right now. Maybe I am 1-2 months behind you on sobriety but my life right now is at the lowest spot its been at in awhile. We gotta hang in there. 
Sorry to read this.  I hope it gets better for you soon.  Back to basics one day at a time.  
I'm sorry to hear you're struggling Nonny :( I don't have any words to tell you that'll magically make it better but I'm thinking of you and hope you find some peace soon. Be well 
I'm glad to hear help is on the way. Hang in there.
Mouse- So sorry to hear you're struggling. At the same time it's a good clean honest human response to all you've been through. It's dare I say "normal" to be abnormally depressed over such heartbreaking stuff. Kudos to you for reaching out. Put it in the pro's hands. Let them fix it. Give it to all those who are willing to help. Much love to you! &lt;3
Much love Nonny. Darkest before dawn in hell just keep on going etc etc. Care for those things will come. Just hang on and allow yourself to grieve. I wish I could give you a big ol' hug. 
Hang in there and be easy on yourself.. divorce and losing things we love is a suck ass bitch of a life situation and I am so glad you have reached out for help.  
I've been there Nonny. It's a lonely place. I'm glad you're reaching out. Lots of people love you.    
Keep fighting mouse x you are in my thoughts."I've called my therapist and my psychiatrist and I will be following medical guidance to get me back on track" - this is step in the right direction x
Big hugs my friend. I have struggled with depression at times in my life too. Hang in there things will improve.
Aw thanks so much for this brave brave post. It is easy to pretend that quitting drinking will fix all our problems but it is such a necessary reminder that life inherently comes with problems and it can sometimes be really really tough. Divorce would be so sad to work through &lt;3..You are inspiring &lt;3 and this post is really what I needed right now so thank you so much. Hope you get the help you need to find those moments of beauty and happiness again.
Thank you so much for posting this.  I have been dealing with something similar and know that I need to reach out for help - this has motivated me to do so.  ..My first attempt at sobriety and /r/stopdrinking was more than two years ago and I remember seeing you around this sub. You have made it for over those two years and I know you can handle whatever depression throws at you. Keep fighting.
Hang in there NonnyMouse! You are strong and have come a long way!
No booze can't fix this for you and you don't want to go there. It seems apparent to me that you have the resources and tools needed to get someone to throw you that rope you are asking for. Climb back up knowing you WILL get through this too. You have already put in so much time and effort to learn how to get and stay SOBER. You will be ok. You just will. 
[removed]
You are a amazing person from what I just read  you wrote.  You have such strength  Im only hoping for. 931!  Im sad your hurting but from what I see YOU ARE GONNA BE OK. Im divorced and suffered lots of loss too. Its like a death just takes time to heal.  Lots of       to you!!
[removed]
I'm also going through a separation and since days I feel as though it will crush me. Thinking of you xx
Beaming you lots of hugs love and a candlelight for your journey Mouse..
Hugs for Mouse. You have great clarity and understanding.
[removed]
Sending a virtual hug and positive vibes NonnyMouse. Thank you for your post - your perseverence in sobriety in this difficult time is inspiring :) - your posts make a difference in the lives of others including mine.
Mouse I teared up reading this. I want you to know that I'm sending all my cosmic love to you. You are amazingly reflective to notice how you really are doing then to bravely reach out to get help. And you're not drinking! Be proud. You will be better but not now. 
Wishing you the best in your road to recovery. Just know you are not alone! 
I hope tomorrow is better and you are still sober.
So sorry for all you are dealing with.  Something someone told me is that sometimes it's normal to feel depressed for awhile.  Wishing you brighter days ahead
Wow thank you so much for sharing. While I only have 17 days I'm so grateful that you shared this. Ive felt the exact same way for most of my recent years (exhaustion etc.)and am grateful that with as low as you feel that you still won't take a drink. Thank you for being the light for me. 
&gt; general feeling of being "unwell"..this fucks us up more than most people can imagine. It's so fucked up to wake up or to simply be in the middle of a day and realize "it's been years since I haven't felt really well that I've felt like 'this right now feels great'". ..And now there are lots of moments when I just think to myself "I feel great! Life is good."
Once I can ask for help my depression begins to break. I hope that's the case for you. There's lots of us with ladders and ropes around here.
I'll jump down there with you. It's ok I've been there I know how to get out. 
Sending love and strength Mouse. We are here to help you get out of that well.
Much love mate.  Seriously I read your post and I could feel myself being jealous of how strong you are for real...I'm just learning how to ask for help.  It takes everything I have to call my sponsor ask for advice from a professional or tell my family something I'm struggling with.  Then afterwards I'm kicking myself for reaching out.  I know now I don't need to kick myself.  It's getting easier but this after 30 years of telling myself I don't deserve help...I see you reaching out to all these people and professionals and thought "Fuck man that's awesome."  Nice one brother.
Sending you (((hugs))) and hoping today will be a better day for you.   
I hope you get well soon and that this will pass. I just wanted to tell you that your posts and presence have made a great impact on my sobriety. In the beginning I would just read SD without paying any attention to who was behind the nicknames and whatever. I really learned to appreciate whenever your name popped up and I hope you continue to be here with us. 
Life is shitty sometimes. My heart goes out to you. ..I'm not drinking with you today. Let's stay sober together. 
I'm sorry you're feeling low. Know that you are not alone. We're here with you. Be in the moment and relish your clarity of mind. And treasure the seemingly small things. For they are bigger than we know.
Thank you for posting for your honesty and eloquence. I am familiar with that well bottom - it is a very dark and lonely place. You did good reaching out. It's so very hard to do that I know. Hang in there. Keep walking. You'll get there.  (((Hugs)))
Just wanted to let you know i've been lurking on this sub for a while and I always look forward to your responses and advice.  Hugs to you and i'm definitely not drinking with you today.
I am so sorry you're in such pain.  Reading what you're living through just made me cry.  At the same time your courage in sharing your life and your strength in your continued sobriety inspired me to keep walking through my own dark well.  Uploading a warm fuzzy blanket and rope for you.  A couple thousand people around the world love you Mouse.  xXx
I'm so sorry you're going through all that. I've been through divorce and it is indeed a dark and lonely place. I dealt with that pain by sleeping crying and getting drunk a lot and I don't think I need to tell you I did not truly deal with those feelings at all while drinking. ..I'm glad you made those calls to get help. Every little step forward helps.  
I can appreciate your honesty in this post however dark and difficult it may be. Thank you for sharing I hope you stay strong and life begins to shine on you once again soon. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for sharing Nonny. I am glad that you reached out and I am glad that you have a plan of attack. It's good to see you around here.
Take care Mouse. Sending thoughts your way. I won't drink with you today. 
I don't spend nearly as much time as I used to on this sub. But your post moves me to tears. I remember how many times I read something beautiful penned by you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. ..I can't do much for you my dear except to say that I am with you. Right here. Right now. ..Wishing you peace .-punnyboy 
These emotions &amp; actions are mine too.  You're not alone in this.  And it feels nice to know I'm not alone either.  ..This week has been a particularly good week after last week was a particularly poor week.  Last week I was filled with anxiety to the point where I was actually shaking through much of my Friday night meeting.  Everything is very hard when that much anxiety creeps in.  It's hard to get out of bed hard to do the things I know help keep me sober hard to look people in the eye hard to do ANYTHING but lay there.  And I know with certainty that laying there makes it worse...So I truly have no idea why I feel better this week.  But some of the things I did...my sponsor recommended I call other alcoholics and most immediately like right now go find something I can do to be helpful to someone else.  Also he recommended I pray that my HP relieve my anxiety &amp; direct my thoughts to what He would have me be...It didn't get better at first but this week is better.  Again I'm not saying this is going to work or that I have ANY answers only that I feel like I can relate &amp; what you're experiencing is THE WORST.  Life seems SO HARD when I feel that way.  ..I'm so glad people like you are out there sharing their truth and at my side today.  THANK YOU for helping me today.
Hi Mouse. I am separated myself and I feel your pain. I've been sober 8 months but haven't been able to dig myself out of this hole yet. Just found this sub and am looking forward to finding support here. My prayers are with you.
