-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gzrvc/startime_mother_fuckers/

Today is 30 days since I last had a drink here's how it's been..I wasn't the heaviest drinker I don't think I was physically dependent on it though mentally it was absolutely my life crutch. I live alone and it was my company when I felt lonely. I don't want this to be salt in the wound for people who are really struggling at 30 days just wan't to share my experience and hope it helps someone. I'm not going to say I've now got roses growing out of my butt hole and I now burp glitter but I'm not all that far off. I've had three cravings to the point where it came up I noticed it and I told it to absolutely completely fuck off good bye. The first one second weekend in I discovered what kind of strange people inhabit the Gym at 9pm on a Saturday night. The other two times I just frowned and moped and 'poor me-d' for a bit and then it was forgotten. I've been on a girls weekend away in a country pub on a Saturday evening and been sipping a sparkling elderflower and genuinely not felt like I was 'missing' anything. It's weird to hear this from my own brain because I thought this was going to be the biggest challenge of my life and would render me socially inept and alone forever. I've created a Sober toolbox that has helped me immensely. Sorry to all the atheists and AA haters-I'm sure you're sick of hearing this but my spirituality and self awareness has gone from -10 to 100. I'm no where near perfect and still have a bucket load of issues to work through and overcome but from where I was one month ago it's day and night. Personally what's worked for me is; Spending way too much money on Tea- Yogi tea forever. Trying every single posh stupid NA drink in the supermarket; p.s- Alcohol free 'Merlot' tastes like bum crack. 'May cause Miracles' - by Gabrielle Bernstein (If you're easily offended by language like - radical awesomeness f-bomb etc maybe not for you)- it's given me a daily focus and an entry into meditation and self reflection. Journalling- HELPS SO MUCH. Looking after myself as if I am the new born Heir to the throne i.e- Baths baths baths massages painted nails chocolate hot chocolate new pyjamas fluffy socks fairy lights candles you get it.. Doing 'stuff'- Went to a wreath making class last weekend and now I know how to make a Christmas Wreath and I've got a handmade cute Wreath hanging on my door. Next weekend is POTTERY PAINTING! No I'm not joking it's fun stop judging me. There's lots more but you're probably all face first asleep in your La Croix by now. Good luck to those just starting this new journey and congratulations to all those who are past the pink cloud and still going strong. x..EDIT- Podcasts and Sobriety Blogs have been crucial for me; 'Hip Sobriety' blog and the 'HOME' pod cast by Holly Whitaker and Laura McKowen are A* and I love them. 
----------immediate responses--------

enjoy your crafting!..congrats! 
Awesome work on your star! And your fun classes.  I'm taking a metal sculpture class next month.....I'm obsessed with sober podcasts at the moment thanks for recommending a few more.  
Hah too funny I relate to a lot of what you said.  Congrats on your month I will not drink with you today!
