-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5h3nwm/the_start_is_a_struggle/

Guessing it's my brain healing but the start is a struggle...Not because I feel like a drink but dealing with the guilt of the past and anxiety of today and tomorrow...Finding work bloody hard to deal with and really feel like just chucking in the towel and moving somewhere cheap on the beach to live on unemployment benefits...Recovery is a full time job in itself and has leaved me with very little time for myself after filling each day with exercise meditation work AA meetings personal projects time with wife or friends every single day...I'm pretty much just going to one thing to the next then going to bed and repeat...Really not sure how "normal" people do it...Anyway one (very hectic) day at a time...Hope all are doing well.
----------immediate responses--------

wow - you're doing a lot of things ! exercise and meditation and work and meetings and so on :) i wish i could do as much as you :) ... it's hectic but you want it that way right? 
That is what normal people do.  It's just that we've done it differently for so long.  Hang in there.  It's a rewarding journey when taken a day hour even minute at a time.  .I'm clocking in around 10 months now.  I have literally never felt better.  Exercise &amp; meditation are easily the most critical part of my recovery.  .Staying busy is the best plan in the beginning.  .All the best to you friend.  
It totally gets easier. It sounds like you are doing everything right. Like *literally* everything! Exercise meditation and AA is pretty much the SD trifecta!..Now all you need is the passage of time. Hand to God though it gets easier after awhile.
It gets better.  ..Sobriety seems different for everyone.  I personally had to slow down and do less.  That's what makes sobriety sustainable for me.  In the past I over did it got frustrated and called it quits.  ..For me slowing down means alternating the activities that are the most important to me not with a set rotation but with just listening to what I needed.  ..Listen to what your body mind and soul tell you that you need (or need not to do) to really sustain sobriety.
