-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5h41t8/chickened_out_cause_im_a_loser_face/

Almost walked into an AA meeting. My first one in 3.5 years. Since the start of my relapse. New town. New atmosphere. Drove around the block 4 times. Then drove away. I wanted to go in. Commune with like minded people. But damn that social anxiety. I chickened out. .Why?  Here were my thoughts. .1.  What if I'm the only woman?.2. What if I'm the only person my age? .3. What if I'm the youngest?.4. What if I'm the oldest?.5. What if I'm too dressed up?.6. What if someone knows me?.7. What if someone sees me here and tells my ex husband?.8.  What if I'm the only newly sober person? .9.  What if everyone is waaaaayyyyy too religious for me. .10.  Why can't I go to a sober club. Like a bar that's not a bar where sober people hang out and talk about being sober that's not in a church. And they have La Croix on tap. And comfy couches and maybe scrabble games going on. Or Yahtzee. Or trivia. .Maybe I'll try again next week. Or tomorrow. I don't know. Anyway not drinking tonight. Alone. Me and my loser face self.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm afraid to go to meetings. I feel ya. Have a good night. 
I'm not a fan but I did luck out on one in Berkeley CA.  I've only gone a few times because... well... I'm not feeling at all social the effort to get there... but mostly because I love SD and for now am getting everything I need here...You post made me wonder if there was some online game service (with ones like you mentioned) that some of us SD'ers could go into that also allowed for chatting in real time.  BYOLC - bring your own La Croix.....EDIT:  Adding... and you are far from a loser-face.  You're here and it sounds like you trying your darndest to get through this... thing.
I know all of those feelings.  They are do hard.  But you owe it to yourself to get better.  I'm sure of it.  
I'm not an AA goer but I looked up available meetings near me. There was a woman's only one maybe there's one of those by you. That would at least take one thing off your list. ..I would so go to a sober club. Coffee shops can kind of be like that but a lot of the ones by me have craft beer now too. Maybe I just need to find people to play Jenga with. I hope you make it into the next meeting if that's what you want to do you can do it! And great job coming here to post I'll not drink with you and your **not** loser face :)  
[removed]
I totally understand. I had/have these feelings too. Eventually I went and now I am trying out different meetings around town. When I go to a new meeting  I'm super anxious that I'll run into a "ghost" (someone I don't want to see from the past). But honestly I'm getting to the point where I don't even care if I do. And if I do they'll be there for the same reason I am...Hope you make it to a meeting! You can do it!!
I feel you. I was in your shoes Recently when I chickened out on a meeting. I called myself a loser too. ..What matters is we made an effort. I haven't failed until I've given up. I won't drink with you today :)
10...That sounds WAY more fun than a bar!
Not sure where you live but if it's a decent-sized city you may have a nearby We Agnostics meeting. They are a group that adheres to almost all of the AA principles but they are far less preachy and talk openly about their issues with the whole "higher power" aspect of AA and also their misgivings about the parallels between AA and Christianity. Open thinking and criticism of the program is accepted even encouraged. Or you could look for a Refuge Recovery meeting which is not a 12 step program--they discuss Buddhist principles as a psychology not a religion in light of recovery from addictive behavior. I have met some really great people in AA We Agnostics and Refuge Recovery but I am just doing Refuge Recovery these days.   
[removed]
