-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hfgf4/need_help_please/

Hi so today I woke up hungover again. Can hardly remember last night.. I've been trying to quit drinking for the last 12months and just keep failing almost feel like there is no chance of kicking this...I'm going to my first aa meeting this morning which is probably long overdue. ..I'm struggling to understand why I do this to myself. Why do I feel the need to drink until I can hardly walk when I know it's the wrong thing?? Sure I get that it's an addiction but am I really that stupid??..I just feel that because I've been trying for so long and failing every time that there is no bloody hope left...it's depressing as shit because when I get on a roll of not drinking I feel amazingbut I always fall into the moderation trap end up going out and getting hammered. I disappoint myself and my partner. I'm gonna lose her soon if I can't fix this...I'm walking to this aa meeting in a couple of hours. Any chance someone can recommend a good audio book or video clip on this topic?..Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

I think you will feel a lot better after the meeting.  Considering you haven't tried this before - I think there's a good chance you might get a different result this time...I like to listen to the Bubble Hour podcast - I know there is an episode on Getting Unstuck - which might apply to you as well as several on relapse what to expect from recovery meetings and early recovery. ..Hang in there - you are nowhere near out of options yet!!!  Hugs. 
I felt that way too.  I can hardly believe I've gone 5 days without.  If I can do that - I'm pretty sure anyone can...If you google The Naked Mind and go to her website she has 4 or 5 excellent video clips for free.  Also Youtube is full of great clips on sobriety.
"This naked mind" is awesome and free on the right side of the screen  (scroll down)..I'm on Day 6 so not too much beyond you... I will not drink with you today - we got this!
Thanks for the tips I have downloaded an E-book of The Naked Mind and will be reading it this coming week. I also attended my first meeting which was really good. Good luck all :)
