-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hmp1r/my_inner_voice_keeps_planning_a_relapse/

Look how well you've done!  You can just have one drunken night and come right back. It'll be ok. Everyone will forgive you. Everyone. You deserve one night to just kill the pain. To forget everything that's hard. To not think so damn much. To relax for crying out loud. Everyone you know on the whole damned planet drinks every once in a while. Why are you making yourself miserable? Just one night. Then go back to being sober. ..Shut. Up. Shut up. SHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUP. .NO.      
----------immediate responses--------

Don't do it. Not only will you automatically be doing be someone you'll regret (drinking) there's a chance you do something really bad. That you'll really regret. 
I know that inner voice. ..You just keep on playing that tape forward. You know drinking won't help it will just delay the bullshit. And the fact is YOU can delay the bullshit by not drinking. Keep on trucking...I won't drink with you today.
Been there a thousand times..day one is not that fun! Remember? Not drinking today is the best choice.
You can get past it. YOU WILL FEEL SO GOOD WHEN YOU DO. That voice isnt thinking of your well being.  I wont drink with you today!!!!
The struggle is real and no joke. I know exactly what you mean. Have you read *This Naked Mind*?  It does a great job getting through to your subconscious.  Your mind is duking it out with itself and I found the unrelenting logic and straightforward style of that book made my thoughts of moderation (and therefore relapse) much much quieter...Hang in there my friend. You did good to come and post. At first it feels like we spend SO much time focusing on not drinking and fighting with ourselves about it. It does get easier and it does get better....so much better! 
yup
I love the comment "play it on fast forward." It is not worth it and I think you know that. I wish you the best 
I told my therapist a few weeks ago that I was frustrated about not allowing myself to drink. I work so hard I deserve a damn drink. She had me write a list of things I deserve that are not a drink. That list is massive and I've been tackling it ever since. Maybe you should also consider writing your own list :-) 
[deleted]
Or as I tell that voice in my head... STFU!  
I say that to myself a lot too.  Why can't I just go out and get drunk once a year and then go back to not drinking?  But rather than play the tape forward.  I play it backwards to my bottom.  It was pretty bad and i will be dealing with the repercussions or the next year or two.  Don't need that shit again.  
I always find myself celebrating a few days sober with a couple shots of vodka...   
