-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ht6rt/im_so_sick_of_hungover_pointless_sundays/

Hey guys. I used to post here occasionally under a different user name but it's been a little while and I decided to start fresh. My longest period of sobriety was 40-ish days back in April/May. It ended when I left my ex; not only was the breakup hard on me but I had to say goodbye to his young kids who I helped raise for 3 years. I completely lost my motivation to stay sober and living alone for the first time doesn't help matters. Now I drink almost every single day and I get hammered at least once or twice a week. I currently have a terrible hangover from staying up until 4am drinking shots of 99 proof liquor and wine...my current boyfriend stayed over but he fell asleep early and I apparently decided I wasn't tired. I vaguely remember some embarrassing conversations on Facebook messenger waking him up to fool around and he said at one point I fell off the bed. Nothing too terrible happened but I'm sick of wasting my days off being completely unproductive from a hangover. I woke up still a little drunk he made breakfast and left around 1pm..I'm supposed to be going to his mom's house for dinner in 20 minutes and I'm still in my lazy clothes with no intentions of going. I told him I don't feel well so I'm thinking about just ignoring him so he'll think I fell asleep. I never keep the plans I make when I'm this hungover and I always feel super guilty. But that's just one of the reasons I want (need) to stop drinking. ..At this point it's like I don't know what to do with myself in the evenings without a glass of wine in my hand. it's pathetic. My boyfriend drinks quite a bit too and I've told him before that I need to cut down and I need his help--if only just him not drinking around me and telling me "no" when I ask him to bring over a bottle of something-- but we're bad influences on each other so it never works. I'm definitely more of a binge drinker than he is. He can have just one or two but as soon as I get buzzed all I want to do is keep going until I'm completely hammered. I don't like the label "alcoholic" but I'm pretty sure if I'm completely honest with myself I fall into that category...I know this post is super rambley and relatively pointless (I blame hangover brain) but the bottom line is I want to give sobriety an honest shot again and I am looking for words of encouragement...I remember the first week being the hardest part back in the spring but I also remember being generally happier and feeling SO much better about myself when I wasn't drinking. I work at a liquor store but as long as I didn't pick up the first drink in the evenings (or "sampling" at work) I did okay. I don't think my work environment directly contributed to my relapse but it definitely makes drinking more convenient...Switching gears I do have a specific question for you guys. Any of you in a relationship with a problem drinker did you ask or expect them to stop drinking along with you and if they did not has that affected your relationship negatively? I honestly think my boyfriend cares enough to abstain at least when he's around me if I ask him but on the other hand I don't feel that it's fair to ask him to do so if he's fine with his drinking habits. He has never let drinking affect his day-to-day life like I have by calling in sick from work missing plans etc. Plus his favorite hobby is bourbon and he's an active member of a bourbon club that he really enjoys so I wouldn't want to take that away from him. Thoughts? 
----------immediate responses--------

1) You are correct that once you get over that initial hump it's so so SO much better. Like "ultimate life hack" level awesome. It's astounding any of us pick back up again (but yet we do... nasty sneaky stuff!)..2) My husband is a relatively heavy and consistent drinker. He has his moments (1 or 2x/year before we had kids every other year now) where he goes off the rails and does dumb shit. I made no request of him when I quit drinking other than that he not try to push his drinks on me (he can ramble on for hours about the "earthy peaty undertones and high viscosity mouth feel" of whatever-the-fuck he's drinking. I asked him to knock that off with me and he did.) My drinking had little to do with him-- other than that there's a real question as to how well we get along when I'm not drinking. Whether we sober are really that much on the same page. That's a separate investigation though..
The hangovers and embarassing things I did while drunk were the two major things that ruined alcohol for me. Along with it destroying my health. I can understand why u feel like stopping. This sub has a lot of great information and encouragement. Ur not alone. And if uve tried and stayed sober for a little while before that should help a lot. ..I wouldnt necessarily ask my so to stay sober because its such a personal decision and I know I dont really have control over others decision-making. I would however communicate in depth what I was doing why and how I needed support. If they were interested in quitting that would be great but after having been sober a while I wouldn't be surprised if someone else who still drank wouldn't stop at the drop of a hat even for their so. I would turn all my focus on my own decisions and try to set an example of why being sober is a better way of being. If my so continued to drink problematically while I stayed sober I would talk to them about that and maybe even end the relationship. But it sounds like u said he is able to drink responsibly. Best of luck to u!!!
Thanks for your post.  I can relate to so much of it so it's a nice motivating reminder to stay sober...As to the relationship questions.  This is of course going to be unique for everyone...If I was in a relationship with a problem drinker I'd still be drinking.  There have been many times I wanted to split up with my wife because I thought her "normal" relationship with alcohol was a "holier than thou" attitude towards me.  I did not think I had a problem but rather than she had a problem with a perfectly acceptable behavior on my part...I'm glad I never did that.  If I was with a problem drinker we'd feed off each other and any kids that came from that relationship would be fucked.  ..As far as feeling guilty asking him to abstain goes this one I feel a little more strongly on.  It's got two parts...1. Drinking is a problem for you.  If he's going to trigger you or enable you he's gotta change or he's gotta go.  Why make t harder on yourself by staying with a guy?  We're guys.  We're fungible.  Take some time focusing on yourself and then put yourself back out there.  Maybe by then you'll be able to handle having a relationship with a drinker.  Maybe you'll just have to look for a non drinker...2.  You shouldn't be worried about cramping his style asking him to abstain around you.  This is where it gets real to me.  **if he has a problem agreeing to abstain for you he's probably an alcoholic**.  I did not believe that my unhealthy relationship with alcohol was abnormal.  They day I went to my first meeting my wife threw out all the booze in the house.  She gives zero shits if she ever drinks again.  That is "normal".  We are not.  ..
Welcome back!  ..I have thought that I could learn to become a better drunk.  You know with more practice.. ? ..Giving up the booze has been the most gratifying and freeing blessing of my whole existence.  Everything (EVERYTHING!) is easier.  Anything (ANYTHING!) is possible!  I can trust myself all the time. I relate to your story and all I can say is that not drinking is worth it.  You don't have to drink! 
Tough one....my wife is also a big drinker.  Though I have done a few 30 day sobriety stints over the years she has not gone more than 2 days in many years.  One thing that really motivated me were the terrible hangovers I started getting.  They do not seem to bother her.  She is still drinking and since I have quit has not slowed down.   I am so committed now I don't think it will cause me to drink but could affect our 32 year relationship.  I have to admit when one is stone cold sober slurred words and drunkenness are very unattractive...
