-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hu8k9/brief_first_7_days_journal/

When I first began this sober go-round more than anything I wondered what to expect.  All of our experiences are of course unique but here are mine for any who may find them of value:..Day -1 (minus 1) Friday.  It had been a long week my work was done at noon.  Decided a couple of bottles of vino were called for...Day 0  I started something last night that would continue beginning at 10am (geesh - early even for me) and take me through 3 bottles of wine...Day 1  Not sure if it's even scarier that I didn't have a hangover. I felt run down and let down by my own behavior the last two days...Day 3  Two full days without drink.  Fuck   this has been really tough going through withdrawal.  There are encouraging moments along the way   and a shit ton of anxiety.  I really can't keep putting myself through this.  I just hope like hell that I don't.  ..Day 5   Still not drinking   that's the good news the bad news is how I'm starting to think... maybe I could.  I know a lie when I hear one.  Overall each day a little bit better   not bad actually.  3-6pm are my rough hours   drink'o'clock I guess.  Feeling stressed by business stuff.  Sometimes optimistic   other times scared shitless.  It's a Friday and getting through the next two days sober will feel like a major accomplishment.  ..Day 7 - one week.  While my body is showing signs of recovering I know I'm in a fragile state.  I've spent hours reading SD every day and am humbled by both the struggle and success I see here...Post Script - the were 4 times during this week when drink was within reach.  Each time I took a deep breath and repeated my favoring drinking prayer: Fuck the zero!  (no disrespect intended)...So for those of you in your early days don't give up hope.  It can be rough at first but every day you don't drink is HUUUGE!..Quaffing La Croix tonight.. ..EDIT: formatting
----------immediate responses--------

Happy first week!  Glad you're here.  
FTZ..I will not drink with you today!!
Thanks for the day by day breakdown. I can relate to a lot of it. Good to know what I've dealt with this last week is normal.  FTZ! 
