-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hwjze/almost_trashed_this_account/

I am so tired of requesting badge resets. I'm also very embarrassed. Thought of starting all over with new account but decided I would just have to deal and pick up the pieces. Everyone is so encouraging here and I don't want to lose all the helpful info and comments I've received. I know relapse is part of the recovery but I get so discouraged. I've only gone a little longer than a week without alcohol and thought I had it figured out. Nope. .So today I will be trying to come up with a battle plan instead of half-assing it. Just getting all this out there....
----------immediate responses--------

Battle plans are the best!  I'm a bit of a planner I like to have an outline so I am not blindsided or have a "protocol" in place for a blindside attack....  ..I will not drink with you today
As the saying goes it's often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock. Forming a battle plan sounds great. Glad you're here with us.
There's no reason to be embarrassed there are over 53k people here struggling with the same demons as you and most if not all of us can relate to how you feel right now.  Every time we try to quit we learn more about ourselves triggers strategies etc. that enable us to be more successful next time.  I tried to quit dozens of times during the 4 years I was drinking heavily...the key to my current success was finally realizing I can't moderate.  I was too good at convincing myself that a drink or two was a good idea for whatever reason and after that all willpower was completely gone.  So I can't take that first drink...at least for a while.  Part of me wants to quit forever but that seems kind of scary and overwhelming so I'm focusing on manageable chunks - 2 months to start but more likely 3.  Feel proud of the week+ that you had and think about how you can build on it with attainable goals.  Keep your chin up trying to work on it and coming here for support are huge steps/accomplishments on their own!  Best of luck I won't drink today and hope you will join me!  
hey mate don't worry. The main thing is you keep trying- It took me years to get this to stick. I looked at my returns to drinking and tried to learn from them- What could I do differently what went wrong where did I want to be and how could I get there? Doing the same destructive things meant I always ended up in the same place. Don't give up mate we need you here next to us in the mix helping us all to fight this shitty addiction.
Hey friend.Just wanted to let you know that I have probably requested something like at least a hundred badge resets. Some were even like every day for seven days in a row. You are not alone. Thinking of you. Hang in there. Today is another day one for me as well. Peace...
Ive had so many resets. We only fail when we stop trying
Hey you are essentially me about 11 months ago. I would request a badge reset last about a week then avoid SD for months because of the perceived shame of having to ask for a reset so soon. I did that for about two years. Probably more. And the shame I felt was so strong...I hated myself for drinking. I had no self-worth so there was no point in trying to quit because I'm a failure or beyond help. So I kept drinking. (What logic!) It finally hit me that the shame was coming from me not from anyone here or elsewhere...The first thing I had to do was forgive myself for all the times I had failed for all the stupid stuff I've said and done while drunk for all the money wasted for all the time wasted and all the other little bits of regret that fed my relapses. I had to start anew defining my life as BQ (before quitting) and AQ (after quitting). Only I could decide when that moment would be...I still get pangs of regret when I remember a bad drinking episode or a harmful thing I did. But instead of using them as an excuse to return to drinking I use them as reminders that life will only improve if I stay sober...Good luck. I'll not drink with you today!
I know how you feel. In 2016 i have tried to quit tons of times but never made it further than 4 days. Although this is the first time i have requested a badge here. Good luck mate we have the same quitting date! I will not be drinking with you today.
For what it's worth every time I do a badge re-set I send a little breath of support out especially when I see the ones (you're not alone) that come in day-after-day. I admire your willingness to be honest and to get back on this wagon.  It's not an easy ride for me and I don't assume that it is for anyone.  [Hang in there!](http://i.imgur.com/VKbWOq7.jpg)
There are plenty of people here who felt discouraged and thought they couldn't do it. Then one day they come here and they are 100 1000 or whatever days sober...Sober people are not special in any way. They just found how to make it work for them (I'm 10 months sober). Planning was my own secret. In the first months each day was planned : who will I meet? where will I go? where should I not go? It kept me away from alcohol when I needed it the most. I was focusing only on not drinking one day at a time. I didn't think about being healthy or losing weight or changing my life for the better. Those things can wait and are easier with months of sobriety.
I have reset my badge over 20 times. I realize now that people are rooting for me so to get a new username would be a shame. Plus this space was the only place I could be honest about my drinking and that includes all the lame badge resets. 
I've requested MANY badge resets. But I have realized that my resolve gets stronger each time. And I learn more from my relapses each time. Keep striving for that better life free from the prison of alcohol. You'll get there!
Wow thanks to everyone for all the support!  I'm glad I came back here :)
Have you tried AA? Being accountable to other non-internet alcoholics has been helping me lately.
Hang in there.  I've been trying to make it through a weekend for the last nine months.  I finally made it this weekend!..What's more sad is that I had eight months without drinking - thought I was too smart to listen to any more advice...Hang in there.
I'm new. Only joined Reddit and /sd yesterday. What do you mean by badge resets? 
I stopped using the badge because I'm not in a place where the number of sober days have that kind of significance to me.  Feels to me like one more way to beat yourself up when you're down.  Coming from a very conservative religious home self recrimination is not in short supply; no help needed there.  Despite not having any streaks longer than 18 days I have more sober days in 2016 than in the past decade.  That counts for something too.
Even if I were to relapse once per week as long as I get right back on the wagon I would still only be drinking 1 day out of 7. Compared to drinking about a 5th of bourbon a day that's progress! Of course I am shooting for long-term abstinence but I'm just trying to help put things in perspective. We've all been there. I like your username.  
This is the last place on the internet that you should be embarrassed to be an alcoholic! Most of the people here have gone through what you're going through and know how difficult it is. They'll be understanding.
Ahhh I see. I'm using the app on an iPhone so not sure how I get to see that. I will have a look for it on my laptop this evening. Thank you for pointing me in the right direction 
I've been on this subreddit for almost 2 years and have requested dozens of badges. I only just now feel like I am handling this the right way. I rarely think of drinking now and can't seem to find enough time in the day to tackle all the things I want to tackle. You are doing just fine. 
Great job coming back here!  No one here is gonna be judgmental.  We're only happy to have folks like you here to be part of this crazy life remodel.  I think coming here is one of my best plays in my battle play book.   I hope it will be for you too.
I can completely understand why you might feel this way. I was the same when I started to go to AA. I was relapsing so often that I got sick of admitting it and felt like a complete loser. But I kept coming back and it got me sober.
Please don't be embarrassed. We are all only accountable to ourselves in the end. I've personally been sober nine months but have relapsed closed to 6 times. I keep soldiering on. :( will not drink with you today friend!
Over in the right side it shows what I think is the total number of sober days that we all have among us.  badgebot  20368057 days.  I'm not suggest this but wouldn't it be interesting to know how many resets we've had?  And the avg # per member?  Yes - I am a data geek.  I've reset at least 5 times if that's of any comfort to you.  Best wishes that this is your last reset for a very very long time to come.
It's a new week. I will not drink with you!
Buddy I feel you. We've all been there backsliding in some aspect. I humbly offer you my two mantras:..Booze takes more than it gives...Sobriety is a gift that you get to give yourself each day.
It's good to see you stayed around.
Happy your back and don't worry about another account. No judgement here. Quitting is so damn hard hardest thing I have had to do in my life. I relapsed 6-7 times last year. It always sucked and made me sad but I did learn something about drinking and myself every time. Quitting is a process and it sounds like your making progress. Being able to admit "trying to come up with a battle plan instead of half-assing it" is a huge step forward. It took  my last relapse to admit to myself that I was really half-assing my attempts as well. After my last relapse I made some adjustments to my plan I found SD and have been able to keep my streak going. Its still a battle but has gotten much easier with time. Just have to get back up and keep on fighting. I wish you the best keep on checking in!
I can so relate but I won't give up!! Let's do this!! 
I have not even requested a badge yet because I know I am not ready to quit so KUDOS to you for even getting that far!
[removed]
Never give up. Use your mistakes as lessons not as an over encompassing definition of yourself.
Initially I "quit except special occasions."  I did great for around 2.5-3 weeks zero drinks.  I wasn't really counting because at first I was thinking "okay once every 2-4 weeks."..A Christmas party came around and I told myself "okay this is a special occasion I can drink tonight."  To be honest at first I wasn't super interested in drinking by treated it more similarly to rewarding myself.  Before I knew it I had far more than intended and thankfully had the sense to stop...The worst part?  Not the number reset.  The worst part was the craving-reset feeling below-average and stalled weight loss that lasted numerous days.  It was then that I decided to quit completely...The next few days are going to suck but if you don't repeat your mistake you won't have to repeat these next few days.  Join me in no longer half-assing it.
Thank you for not abandoning your account. Thank you for being here and flawed and humble and dedicated and accountable and honest and hopeful and willing to deal with some pain when you step in it.
