-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5i1m8j/moms_christmas_party_makes_me_want_to_plan_a/

So every year my mom has her annual work christmas party at her house and the booze flows hardcore. Im currently living at her house for another 3 weeks and the party is this wednesday (dec 14). Tomorrow will be 1 week sober for me and I feel great however I just dont feel strong enough yet to resist temptation. Already that damned inner voice of mine is coming up with all of these "great ideas" why its ok to drink "just this one night" (ya right!). That line of thinking for someone like me is a disaster waiting to happen and I know it. ..I havent told her or any of my family that I quit and have no interest in doing so at the moment. You see I was a bit of a functioning alcoholic. Nobody really understood the extent of my problem because I was just that awesome at hiding it. I guess you could call me a closet drinker. Labels shmables...I usually look forward to this time of year because everybdy gets smashed in this household and I don't have to feel ashamed about it because well everybodys doin it! So fuck it right? Wrong. Oh so wrong. Embarrassment takes form and never fails to wake me up bright and early the next morning with flashes of all the tales I told the night before with a side order of dry heaving. ..Ive decided the best line of action for me to take is to help her get the party ready greet the guests wait for everyone to start socializing and then casually disappear into my room. Im afraid this may look bad but at the same time I need to remind myself that its her coworkers not family so nobody should be asking about my wearabouts and expect me to be entertaining them. But dammit I wanna party like its 1999! The music and laughter coming from downstairs is going to bum me out big time. Alas my wounds are still fresh and I should be licking them rather than exposing myself to a situation thats going to trigger an anxiety attack or worse a relapse that ive so cleverly talked myself into...Wish me luck!..Edit: I realize this is sort of long lol so thank you to anyone who took the time to read my little rant..   I will not be drinking with you today  
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
can you leave and go to a meeting or the library or a coffee shop? I don't think I could handle that right now... headphones and this group maybe?.
If it was me I'd be conveniently gone and I'd hit a meeting!
