-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5i4tim/finnaly_getting_my_shit_togetheragain_lengthy/

Currently 3 days sober after 90 days of sobreity going through the steps and making amends. I feel like such shit right now. I might be on the verge of losing my job bc of the shit i did on my last 7 day binge and my other job might want to let me go after they saw me come in acting like a completely socially awkward weirdo yesterday as i was still going through heavy post acute withdrawl (i mean its kinda hard to act normal when your body is going crazy inside trying to repair all the gallons of liquor it consumed days over the past week). Co-workers at one job think im a peice of shit bc of my multiple drunken callouts my parents are so disappointed esp since i made amends to them and my ex gf left me in August bc of my multiple relapses. She felt so hurt and neglected the days i would just completely ignore her while drinking and shes seeing another guy now. I feel so angry and jealous inside bc my insecureties make me feel like i dont compare to this mystery man and I will never be close with her again. She did allow me to make amends to her 3 weeks ago but that all in all means nothing since I relasped right after & bascially spit in her face. My parents are devastated and my brother boderline hates me. ..There is an ounce of hope that I have left though. Many days I feel like I want to die but there has to be some higher purpose that God has for me other than more years of crippling depression and fucking up things for myself even more. ..I want to give my mom that one year sober coin so bad. I want to tell my hs sweetheart who no longer speaks to me bc of my drinking in college that im finnaly one year sober and am doing great. I want to be able to be able to accept and be ok that my ex gf is having sex with another guy without being so jealous and angry. Most importantly though I want to be happy joyous and free doing well for myself instead of a 27 year old loser still living with his parents while he gets his shit together. ..My sponser tells me i am very ungrateful and need to stop thinking of what i dont have and be grateful for the things i do have. ..So this is it back to square 1 again for the uncountable time but never returning is the only choice i have. My drinking is so bad that i have psychosis and paranio for days after that make me feel schizo as i think everyone is litterally talking about me. I enjoy being a productive comfident guy and I never want to return to this hell. ..This is the first time outside of talking to my sponser that I have spoken bout me and what I am what I feel. ..Sorry Reddit Im just in a very depressing place right now and I just much the finer things in life. ..Any input on my matters would truly be amazing. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about your struggles...Glad you're here.  ..Sounds like you're getting honest with yourself...You put 90 together! That's something to build on!..I know when I was rewiring my patterns and habits I spent non working time either working on recovery exercising or sleeping...Then I stuck with my new behaviors...I believe in you.
The beginning for me was tough.  I felt hopeless &amp; suicidal.  Listening to Joe &amp; Charlie talk about the steps was helpful but actually working the steps to the best of my ability in retrospect was the biggest key.  ..I do also remember finding some solace in "living amends" my sponsor had me doing.  Which is to say living differently rather than apologizing.  Those closest to me didn't want my apologies any more they wanted action and taking a few actions every day while praying for God to remove my self pity was helpful...Don't discount the work you've already done.  The path we're all on is hard to see in the moment but easy to see looking back.  I have to trust in that &amp; I do today.
I don't know other than I can relate to some of what you are writing about. After binging my nervous system is very messed up and it does lead to bad thinking etc. I have been thinking for a few month that drinking is my one Achilles heel the one thing that can keep my down and really mess things up. I'm not there yet on great amounts of sobriety but I know this is all true for me. It seems to be a common things here some of us just cannot drink responsibly and we put ourselves and others in harms way (one way or another) when we drink. Stay positive and get through where you are at.
