-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5i7dqf/2_years/

I haven't posted here much...never really did. But I remember reading all of these things when I first got sober...I am two years sober today. My last drink was on December 13 2014. I am trying to remember those few days but I really can't. I think there was some sort of party. I had tried to quit a few weeks earlier. I had lasted almost 2 weeks I think. Savannah and I went to 208 and I got a beer. I don't even remember why I ordered a beer. But for those few weeks I had spent a lot of time in the QFC parking lot debating with myself on whether to go inside and get a drink. At the time that didn't feel weird. ..I think we had a party. Or maybe we didn't. I'm sure I drank a bunch of wine. I remember maybe calling Taylor and being really drunk. ..Then I think I actually stopped the next day. ..I remember once getting so drunk and just laying on the couch. I think it was the morning or early afternoon. I couldn't stay awake. I was trying so hard but then I passed out. Savannah couldn't wake me up. She thought I was sleeping. ..I remember what a nightmare that Thanksgiving was. I was just crying. Everywhere. I couldn't keep it in. I went for so many walks and just felt so terrible. I think I also preached that Sunday? But maybe that was a different weekend. I think it was. ..I remember Christmas. That was a nightmare too. I remember having withdrawals. And just crying and being in so much pain. I couldn't even hold it together for a day. Mom and Dad went to Helena and I just couldn't. So I stayed home. I was in so much pain. I forgot how much pain I was in. I felt so sad and ashamed and angry. It felt like my insides were being ripped out it hurt so much...And then after that I went to treatment. I remember how nervous I was walking in there that first time. I remember being so uncomfortable sitting in that room with Jeremiah. I hated every second of it. I remember exactly what I was wearing. A purple sweater and a blue scarf. I remembering thinking about why I wore that outfit. I was worried I wouldn't seem like an alcoholic and then I was worried I would seem like an alcoholic. ..I remember Jeremiah telling me I was in the right place and that I needed to be there. He gave me a hug and I think he gave me some hope even though I wanted to hate him. ..I hated treatment. But I also loved it. It gave me structure. It gave me a name to everything that I was experiencing. I hated peeing in a cup. I suffered through all 3 hours of sessions. ..I loved Lizz. She saved me. I really think that. She made me feel safe enough to learn to open up. She sat with me in all of my pain and struggle. She helped me find the courage to tell my parents actually quit and go to treatment. ..I remember my first AA meeting. It was terrifying and so uncomfortable. I went home and got drunk. ..I remember when I discovered the Newcomer's group in North Tacoma. I was so relieved. It was way less scary then. ..I remember when it started to get better. How every month felt like such a victory. Not a victory but more of a small relief that I hadn't screwed it up yet. ..Time passed. I got new jobs and moved to new states. I faced different challenges and struggles. And I stayed sober. Of course there were days and weeks that were challenging. But I called people. I learned and am still learning not to try and do it alone. I have people I trust my life with. I am so thankful for those people. ..Now I am two years sober. I just got a new job and in a great location. I'm so excited. I have a dog. I bought a car. I am living on my own. I go to AA. Those people are there are for me. I love that they listen to me. I love listening to others. ..Being sober is the hardest thing I have ever done in my life. But I wouldn't change a moment of it. Now I'm a real person who works hard and laughs a lot and loves to play with doggy outside. I wasn't any of those things before. ..My only message to share is: I can't do it alone don't be afraid to let people see you even in all the pain. Ask for help. One day at a time. Just because you have a lot of days doesn't mean anything. I try to treat my sobriety like a baby something that should be cared for. And I remember that life continues to have ups and downs. Sometimes I still want to drink and I am miserable and depressed. But I don't have to drink. .
----------immediate responses--------

Asking for help was the best thing I did and oddly enough when I put myself out there others stepped forward about their own addictions. ..Congratulations I hope to make it 2 years some day. I wont drink with you and Lizz and Jeremiah.
congrats!
thank you and congrats on two years 
Beautiful 
That was lovely. I'm so glad you shared. Thank you. And congrats!  
Thank you. Im going to treat my sobriety like a baby. That so valuable.  Congrats on your 2years sober!
Wow great Post; Thanks so much for sharing!..What an inspiring story.  It touches me and I hope that it inspires many!
Lovely...congratulations!
&gt; But I wouldn't change a moment of it. Now I'm a real person who works hard and laughs a lot and loves to play with doggy outside. I wasn't any of those things before. ..I can feel myself becoming more and more of this kind of real person every day.  Thank you so much for sharing - it helps - and congrats on two years
I'm happy for you :) and I also envy you. Because I would have had two years next week. But I slipped up once two weeks ago. I hope I can get there again! Congratulations!
What an amazing journey and great message for those of us on the path behind you.  Thank you thank you oh-so very much!
Well done 
