-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5i7i5x/im_seeing_a_therapist_now/

As some of you might know I relapsed on 11/29 after 23 months sober. I had one night of binge drinking that I deeply regret and then I hopped right back on the wagon. I spent about half a week wallowing in self pity until I decided it was done with and there was nothing I could do except move forward. And something I decided was that I needed to talk to someone. Over the last two years I've been sober all but one day except I haven't really been taking care of myself. I'm good at staying sober. That seems easy to me. What I'm bad at is getting to the root of my problems. Do you ever feel like you get addicted to everything? Alcohol drugs sex money food -insert addiction here-?? That's me. And I don't want it to ruin my life. I feel so out of control. I might not know much but what I do know is that I need a little help. My life kind of feels like a train wreck. But one thing I'm good at is staying positive. And now is no exception. Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on taking a new direction! The last time I spent time with a therapist it was super helpful.
I didn't know how to build a stable sober live without help. Therapy and AA gave the tools.
Cognitive Behavioural Therapy made a gigantic shift on how I think about happiness and reality...I also recite the Jesus Prayer when things are un-endurable. Coffee helps. A Spiritual Director/Sponsor also serves me well - altho my therapist(s) was that for many years. ...I think everyone has problems some more than most. The people who I see do well are ones with a strong sense of belonging to a community. AA scratches that itch for me in a way church just can't quite seem to do. 
therapy is awesome.  good on you.  personally i think everyone should be in therapy.  self-exploration is rad.  self-growth is rad.  expanding consciousness is rad.  ..depending on how you are paying for it (insurance self-pay etc.) it might be helpful to experiment and trial different therapists and therapy modalities and find what works for you.  i think a lot of folks get stuck w/ a therapist or modality that isn't a good fit and then give up on it altogether.  ..anyhow - nice job getting back on the sober train.  one day of drinking in two years is still phenomenal.
I did it the other way. I got help from a therapist for a couple of years (not about alcohol) and when I got better I decided to get sober...There's no good way of doing this but having one and the other is really helpful to understand the roots of our problem...And be ready to talk about your parents. It's cliche but so much comes from them. Don't be afraid to say they are assholes (if they really are) you won't be judged. Most people are afraid to see their parents as what they were but by "protecting" then it's hard to get to the roots.
