-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5icr0l/is_drinking_my_problem/

Alright so this is going to be a long and disjointed post so I apologize. ..I struggle daily with issues with concentration memory energylessness severe bodily and probably a few other things I can't think of. I would go as far as to say my life for the past 7 years (24 now) has been primarily focused around  coping with how tired and foggy-minded I feel at all times. I used to be driven focused and sharp as a tack. I also used to be very good at what is probably my only passion music. Now for the past seven years I have spent as much time as I can trying to figure out why I am this way now and how to get back to how I used to be. I have tried a lot of different things and none of them have worked including quitting smoking. After quitting smoking (which didn't fix the problem but was an overall improvement) I started thinking about my drinking habits. The first time I ever drank was when I was seventeen or eighteen and while I havent spent enough time drinking to get in the way of other aspects of life I have been drinking at least semi regularly since then. Lately it has been once a week sometimes skipping a week or two. Just an evening of playing card or board games with some friends while taking shots. Only thing is when I drink I drink a lot enough to suprise people by how much I drink compared to my size. I don't know if alcohol is related to my current longstanding problems but I decided to cut that out of my life at least for a while to find out. Currently I am two months and five days in. Before I quit I always noticed that my hands were perpetually pallid a sickly white color that didn't match my arms and were a lot more slim than the rest of my arms like meat hooks. I've noticed since then that my hands have gotten a lot thicker and are now in perportion with my arms and they have a healthy color to them instead of being pale white. Unfortunately this is the only clue I have as to whether quitting may be a soution to my problem. Two months in I can't really tell if my memory concentration and brain fog have gotten any better. It's made especially hard by the fact that when I feel really bad mentally I can't take a working assessment of how I feel because I am too out of it and couldn't remember it if I did. Right now I am still pretty weak physically most notably I can't take the cold at all that is creeping in as the season gets later. I'm not a small guy but I walk around with two jackets on just trying to stay productive while I notice people twice my age just wearing a sweatshirt doing twice as much as I can. Also I seem to have no appetite. I can go until about 7 pm before my stomach is uncomfortable enough to urge me to eat but even then I have no desire to. ..So really I'm here asking for any help you fine people might have to give in the way of advice or insight into my problem. Have any of you gone through the same thing? Do you know anyone that has? Do you see anything obvious that I'm missing by being to close to the issue? Anything would help and I very much appreciate anyone taking the time to read this. Also I wish you luck in another day sober. :) 
----------immediate responses--------

hmm this sounds quite unfamiliar - especially the hands. .have you been to a doctor to talk about these things?.are you sure you remember accurately how you felt 7 years ago? i ask because ... memory can be biased.also at 17 you were in school right and presumably now you're done with college which means things are probably more ambiguous less structured... not sure? i felt way sharper when i was doing homework than in the big wide world.
I'd see my physician.
[deleted]
