-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ihp4i/ive_decided_to_get_help_but_im_ignorant_as_to_how/

Hi. I'm 32 and have been an alcoholic since high school. In the last 10 years I've found myself putting pints of tequila down my face on a daily basis. I have credit lines at all of the liquor stores in my area. They know me by name. I've never not (excuse the double negative) been unemployed. I never drink at work. None of my employers have ever suspected my alcoholism. My shift ends at 7pm and I immediately go to one of my stores and grab a pint. I drink on my way back home which is a 25 minute commute. I sit in my car listening to whatever audiobook I have at the time or comedians for at least an hour once I get home. By then the pint is half drained. I go into my apartment to my ever-so-patient-and-lovely fella. He loves me and hates me. He hates how I drink. He hates to see me this way and he hates how I pick stupid fights with him just because I'm drunk and an idiot. He is a good man. He loves me. He doesn't drink he doesn't do drugs and he puts up with my nonsense. His mother struggled with drug addiction and alcoholism as well. So did his grandfather who raised him. ..I decided while reaching for my bottle at 730am on Sunday morning that I've had enough. That I'm tired. That I can't get better by myself. I've tried and tried and tried. I decided that I need to go to a place where I can be held accountable and face the things that have made me drink to begin with. But I don't know how. I don't know the precedure of going to rehab. I never thought I would have to know these things. I come from a good stable loving family. Addiction was something "other" people had...not me. So I'm afraid but I want to go. I want to get better. I don't want to have a bottle make my decisions for me. I don't want to die like this. I've noticed things in the past months. My heart flutters and I become light-headed. My hands lose feelings and I have to flex them to get feeling back. Small things. I know I'm a ticking time-bomb. I know my body will fail any day. ..My father was a alcoholic for a great many years but he managed to quit. I thought I had his strength because I knew I had his illness but I was wrong. I've never been here but I was told by many you could help me. I hope so. I just want some guidance for the logistics of finding and going to a rehab.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome - you've done the first thing you're asking for help!  Welcome - what has helped me the most is reading through past posts - there are many of us here and there will be someone's story you can identify with.  I'm also reading "This naked mind" - it is sfree on here if you look to the right of the screen and scroll down...I will not drink with you today
[removed]
[removed]
Welcome and congratulations on the decision to stop! I googled treatment centers in my area and found one that subscribed to what I had in mind in terms of treatment. Its an intensive outpatient program 4 group meetings and 3 AA meetings required per week. They also do naltrexone and vivitrol. I hope you find what you need! 
I'm not exactly an expert on alcoholism or anything so take from this what you will but I have been a slave to substances all the same. First and most importantly you have to want to do it for you. Not because you think that's what you should do but because you know it's time to make a change which it seems you've made that realization. Forget any corny bullshit and figure out what exactly drove you to feeling a need to be intoxicated. Don't be afraid of people trying to help you in fear of judgement. Don't try and convince yourself you'll never have a drink again because if/when you have a celebratory drink with friends or whatever the situation might be that actually calls for some letting loose in a positive atmosphere you don't want your brain to tell you you've failed. This isn't about never being able to put alcohol in your system it's about regulating if and when you allow yourself to do so. You are in control of your mind and body. ..That kind of turned into more of a wall of text than I anticipated but tl;dr you will accomplish what you make an effort to accomplish. If you feel like talking anonymously but seriously hi.
