-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ijjje/sober_spouses/

Day one here after a three day taper. I was just wondering if any of you have experience quitting while your spouse keeps drinking. Any advice or wisdom is appreciated. This is far from my first attempt and I am trying to take all I've learned from previous relapses to apply it successfully this time. I really need this.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there and happy Day One!  That was always the hardest day for me to find.  My husband drinks occasionally.  In my past dry periods (I never officially said I quit before this time) he would encourage me to drink after a couple of weeks.  Before this quit I told him he needs to knock that off.  He got the message.  .I think it helps to ask your spouse to support your decision and to tell him/her what you need to be supported.  For me it helps to have a spouse that is not a big drinker.  .Best wishes!
Unless your spouse is a problem drinker (mine is not) I've found that their consumption drastically reduces as a side effect of me not drinking and not buying him more booze since I was already in the store.  
My wife still drinks.  She may have a glass of wine or a beer when she gets home from work.  However it takes her an hour or so to drink it and sometimes doesn't finish because she leaves it on the counter and forgets it.  Therefore there is always beer or wine in my house but it doesn't bother me or affect me because I quit drinking because I no longer want to drink.  If it wasn't in the frig I could easily go downstairs to a store that is within 50 feet of the front door to my building.  ..When I quit I focused on changing my perception of alcohol from something I wanted to something I do not want.  The alternative (having to avoid anyplace or any event with alcohol and trying to deal with wanting to drink something I am forbidding myself to have) would be very difficult and like torture for me.
My fianc  still drinks. I found it was really important to get him on board and have a serious discussion with him fairly early on. I let the first few weeks go without saying anything to him just so I wouldn't feel judged if I failed but when things started getting a bit more difficult it has been really important to be able to lean on him and say "Hey I just wanted to let you know that I'm wanting a drink right now and I'm trying really hard to resist and it's difficult" and saying it out loud and having him know has made it easier to not have that drink. He's been really supportive and it's really great to have him on my side when someone questions that I'm really not drinking anymore or doubts that I'll keep it up...I am lucky in that he prefers different types of alcohol than me so I don't have to worry about having something I want around all the time. I asked him early on if he could just not bring home my favorite drink (red wine) and he's been great about it. If there's one thing you think would tempt you above all others I'd recommend asking your spouse to keep it out of your home altogether if possible...Overall his drinking hasn't really had much of an affect on my sobriety. If anything it's strengthened my resolve because I really really love the safety and security of knowing that when we go out together I can always be the DD.
My partner drinks an unhealthy amount every day.  We've been drinking together for many many years now and I know he wants to stop but that's got to be his decision.  I am careful not to pressure him abut it I think he's working up to it but if he's not ready yet nothing I say will matter. ..I think my not drinking is showing him that it's possible and that's a good thing.  But I am not in charge of his decisions just my own...Fortunately his drinking doesn't seem to bother me much although I am sure there will be days when having someone sitting next to me getting drunk will be difficult to cope with...I get frustrated when he's drunk he doesn't follow conversations and there are things I don't bother telling him because I know he wont really be actively listening - that's makes me sad because I want to share my day with him and I want him to share his with me. And when we do talk he's forgotten it by the next morning...Any time we've tried to quit together we're essentially just waiting and hoping the other person will cave and suggest a bottle or three - it didn't work out...I want him to be healthy and happy and around for a long time but after only 18 days I don't want to seem 'holier than thou' about it. ..At least I know I'm not encouraging or allowing him to justify his drinking. ..So I'm focused on me not drinking today it's all I can do.
