-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5im1o5/i_needed_this_relapse_stories_always_help_me_so/

I knew it was coming for the last week or so.  30 days seemed like it would be an accomplishment and that I would find some reason to drink.  .Driving home I circled the convenience store a couple of times.  When I was almost home I noticed I was very low on gas.  This ended up being all the reason I needed to go load up on stuff to load up on..With a solid excuse (I was there at the gas station and the gas station sells alcohol) I bought three bottles of red zinfandel...Thankfully this was not an enjoyable drunk.  I was fully aware of my state after the first bottle and ultimately pissed off at myself for succumbing to the craving in the first place.  I 'dutifully' finished the other two bottles and passed out.  But I was so excited to drink it.  The moments leading up to the first swig were intense.  ..Now I'm stuck with another hangover that wasn't worth it.  But I think this experience was good for me.  I didn't find what I was looking for.  Nothing bad happened which would normally be enough for me to pick up again tonight.  But I really don't want to.  I don't want or need to drink anymore.  So I'm back here at day 1 starting over...I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today.
This is a good story and very glad you shared. No drinking for me tonight.
That's how it always seems to happen to me too the internal dialogue justifying a drink. Great work getting right back on the wagon! 
I think you might be me because I did the exact same thing a few days ago except it was shitty pinot grigio.  I kept saying I don't want this why am I doing this??  Glad you made it back
Thanks for your post. It made me think about something when you said:..&gt;But I was so excited to drink it. The moments leading up to the first swig were intense. ..I am a bit of a thrill seeker so I wonder if this had anything to do with it. Like getting the high off of adrenaline rush..
Good share. The initial excitement for the drink ends up disappointing in the end. The whole story of alcohol right there. .I will not drink with you today
Thanks for sharing. I needed to hear this 
I did that before. I understand though I tested the waters quite a few times myself but I spent more and more time on this sub and my desire to drink became less and less. Thank you for sharing I'm glad you're here.
Here's how insidious this disease can be:..I'm just off a 3 1/2 year relapse after 12 years sober because some girl I was dating said "Why do you always go to those meetings? You don't even drink!" and my mind said "yeah! I don't!"..Edit: still my fault
I get you! Sounds like you are past it now! Just don't drink for today for the next 12 minutes even. Whatever it takes. I would sit in my car staring at the liquor store having that internal battle with my Auto Pilot that mother fucker go in don't go in go in buy it don't buy it drink it don't drink it... awful hard stuff sometimes huh?
I remember buying it then just staring at it for 10 minutes or so. Upon drinking it the first word was FUK this sucks. I too would also dutifully finish my bottle but the next day was always thinking what the hell was the point? I feel like sh*t and now my count starts over.  I know Ive been on the bandwagon on and off but now I love seeing that little number climb higher and a reset is not worth a hangover. .I willl not drink with you today! 
