-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5imjvs/im_struggling_not_to_drink_and_my_dad_is_in_denial/

Hi everyone I've just found this sub in the last two days while struggling not to drink. I'm sorry this is going to be long but I just need to get this out and feel like someone is listening..Backstory: I'm almost 34 was an increasingly heavy drinking alcoholic for about 7 years. Due to chronic health problems I have been unable to work. I've lived with my father for the last 6 years. He has been a heavy drinking alcoholic my whole life but has gotten much worse in the last 2 years or so...At the end of August he nearly killed himself by falling against furniture while in a drunken blackout. I found him while I was also inebriated and it messed me up. My family and I confronted him that weekend and I left town with one of my siblings. I finally realized how sick my dad and I have kept each other and that my staying there was contributing to both of us killing ourselves. I decided I needed to get sober for myself but also hoping it would give my dad the push to finally try again to get sober like he'd been telling me he would...I have been dry since the day I left town. So today is Day 103. I started going to a counselor who said she couldn't help me and referred me to a different program. That program wasn't the right fit for me but I haven't given up on looking for the right fit. (In the meantime I'm living with my sister who has really helped me stay dry and has helped a lot as I work on my sobriety.)..For the most part things have been getting a bit easier for me. And my dad has said for the last few months that he's really cut back wasn't drinking nearly as much was working on his overall health etc. But lately every time my dad calls me or I have to call him about something he's drunk. He'll still tell me he's not drinking but I know for a fact that he is. It really stresses me out and brings back all the feelings of hurt frustration and hopelessness I've had about his drinking my whole life. It has really made me want to drink again. I feel like nothing has changed overall except I'm not drinking at all. Everything else is the same. I don't have a car or transportation I can count on to go to my doctor let alone to a meeting. I really don't have any friends...Thanks to anyone who has read this far. I just need some support. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry. I've seen some pretty terrible and traumatic things throughout the years and meeting these people again brings back the memories. It hurts and I'll immediately start shaking and getting really anxious...I'm sorry you feel that nothing has changed. Is your life exactly like it was before just minus the alcohol? What's keeping you going right now?.
[removed]
And support you shall have.  .I'm truly sorry to hear about your dad.  When I had someone I cared about but knew I couldn't save I would say to myself "Moth to the flame".  It was my way of saying that people (and moths) will go to where they driven to go (even if it isn't in their best interest).  To your immense credit you got yourself where you need to be.  A safe place with your sister 103 days not drinking.  Well done friend.  Well done.
Congratulations on 103 days that's awesome.  I'm inspired by the fact that you haven't given up yet and glad that you have a support network.  I hope that your dad is able to work things out too.
You're absolutely right. I know I can't save him or change him and by no means has he found a rock bottom yet. I'm not at a point yet where I can completely free myself of my dependence on him. But that is my goal so that I can be my own person and not be so affected by his choices...Thanks so much for your support!
Your doing so great 103 days. I know how it is when our family members are caught in addiction. My Mother was( she passed away) my ex husband has been my son is now. Im 16 days sober and I know its about me. I have to sober up. But I know that can also only be a possitive thing to those I love. Please know that too. Its hard to see our loved ones hurting but we are on the right track. I wish you well  
I hope you find the support youre looking for! I had a therapist that told me he wasn't the right fit for me and it made me feel too messed up for therapy. I ended up taking too long of a break (years) between that appointment and actually seeing another doctor to find a better fit. But 103 days is incredible to a person like me :). I hope to hear more about your progress!
