-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ine4l/the_ways_i_hit_rock_bottom/

is possibly the stupidest and smartest decision I've ever made...Around a year ago my drinking was probably at its worst. I managed though to realize that I needed to stop. I had a plan... a daring one. It was risky but one night I had the drunken realization: all of this puking is making me start to dislike the taste of alcohol... I can use that! ..And I did oddly enough. That night I said some of (but not by any means) the stupidest crap I have ever said to another person. That relationship never recovered but I finished that bottle of Jim Beam and vomited it all up in about half a dozen rounds of vomiting that ended with me desperately shoving my fingers down my throat to no avail. I fell asleep some hours later still the most drunk I've ever been. I don't remember anything from the day after I think I woke up around 4pm still drunk. I remember the weeks after though. I dropped the community college classes I had stopped showing up to I got my first real job. I didn't quit drinking for good but the single shot of hard liquor I've had since made me sick to my stomach... and was the last drink I took. ..Stupidest night of my life but I think it saved me. After that I stuck to beer which I was never able to physically consume fast enough to get me nearly so drunk. ..It was the weirdest step in what I've resolved is my path to permanent sobriety. Trying to kill myself because I was pretty sure I'd fail and my body would never let me try in that manner again. It kind of worked. I ended up semi-intentionally reaching a similar point again in my life this summer right before returning to university alcoholic and feeling alone. ..Anxious about having to live with a stranger. Anxious about leaving a girl my stupid drunk mind told me I loved. Anxious about failing to handle my problems and leave school again after I'd just told them I could handle my problems. Anxious about being unemployed. Anxious about the party culture. Anxious about seeing people I resented and who resented me. Hell I was even anxious about leaving my crook boss without anyone to help him keep the teenagers earning their pay. I was showing up to work drunk sobering up barely controlling anxiety attacks. ..One time I had the run of the store somebody called out I accidentally called somebody else already scheduled in early too distracted by an unusual rush of customers to remember that I was still a person short. The boss had to come in personally as well as (coincidentally) that girl to get it under control but too late. As soon as the boss left I lost it. I started cackling in the back I had to sit in the freezer to regain my composure before going out to spend my lunch chainsmoking. Two weeks later I was unemployed to prepare to move all set with a new job at another franchise courtesy that boss. Without the distraction of work I started drinking even more heavily. I realized I was digging straight toward rock bottom and I think some part of me floored it hoping I could fix things before I had to go back to being responsible. I said the unequivocally most stupid drunken things I ever have this summer. I also shared some of my most painful secrets. ..I managed to quit drinking long enough to throw away a few hundred bottles and move. I bought a six pack my first night in the apartment. I'm not proud but happy to say I only went through four of them total between September 18th and November 18th all four in the months of September and October. Some of you may have seen me post about counting days and how I wasn't because I know I *can* moderate. I proved it. ..But then an old friend who had similarly struggled as I had during the first stint at university similarly left on his own terms similarly returned on his own terms similarly found success doing other things he loved in his personal time similarly still loved to smoke weed (my reasons are partly therapeutic partly recreational I know this is a contentious issue I will say it helps me function through my anxiety and depression and helps me maintain a regular healthy diet but that's me.) He offered me a Coors Lite. ..I knew he didn't have a lot and I know he doesn't have much money. This generosity was very much an expression of friendly love and a throwback to the "good old days." That's why I immediately reversed my polite refusal. What could one drink hurt? I hardly even felt it but we went out and I was enjoying myself. ..When we got to the house party we busted out the pot and started smoking with one of the other DJs already there. I was content to be smoking recreationally enjoying the music; I'm not a people person hitting on girls or befriending new people isn't my thing. But the DJ offered us some Jose as thanks for smoking him out. *Naw I'm good thanks though bro!* I never liked tequila anyway and there was that convenient taste aversion. I don't remember how long later but it was several grams of grass he offered again. **Fuck it! I don't want to be rude not in this crowd. Besides what's the harm in one small swig?** *Sure thanks bro!* ..NOPENOPENOPENOPE. I tried to keep some dignity while I paced to distract myself from the nausea pretending I was just really stoned getting restless. Well that was true but they weren't related and they weren't why I was pacing. I felt like leaving but while the grinder was mine neither the pipe nor all of the contents were. **Thank god it's almost empty!** I packed the last bowl handed it to my friend and told him I was going to get some food. ..I spent hours slowly walking to 7-Eleven and back home. Miles of extraneous walking I don't know why. By the time I got home I was felt cold sober and alone. I smoked some more ate my junk food and passed out. The next day I texted my friend a bit until he told me to get my ass to his place because he was leaving for a party soon. I feel bad I haven't responded yet but I haven't been back except for finals. ..I just couldn't go out. I knew I would drink again. I knew that amount of smoking was extremely unhealthy too. It was a night of letting loose that I regretted as it happened. I haven't drank since and I regulated my cannabis consumption far more consciously and severely to combat my recreational motivations. I ran out two weeks ago and can't afford any more. ..That was both a good and bad thing. Without what is for me effectively medication my oldest problems started to remind me just what they are. A mutually abusive relationship with my mom a barely existent one with my recovering-alcoholic-turned-tobacco-addict father with whom she just finalized an 18-year divorce/separation. Being a spiteful misanthrope unable to trust anybody who isn't me. Living with a roommate who needs to be taught (arguably) basic things like that an apartment being furnished doesn't include bedding or utensils that living together doesn't mean we share ownership of things or a dozen other nitpicks I have because I'm not patient enough to take the role of teaching him what my parents taught me about living as a (somewhat) independent adult. That one of my supposed best friends has his own severe substance abuse issues that he refuses to admit that he resents me for even thinking he has that he makes remarks that I know are out of anger and tries to pass them off as jokes that he's almost exactly like the father who I watched transform from a functional alcoholic to a nonfunctional tobacco addict. That I've seen a thousand of my dwarf hamsters die for a dozen reasons from old age to vicious murder and cannibalism. That I woke up one morning to the most beloved widow of a most beloved hamster the latest in a series of specially intelligent members of a family I've grown to love more than any single person who isn't myself or my mother. That a branch of that family went extinct because my father couldn't be bothered to stop them killing each other in competition while I was at university the first time. That when I gave him some to keep him company when I moved home he allowed one of them to blind her own son-mate and their daughter then they all developed tumors including the two who were not naturally predisposed by a history of pregnancies. That that man still acts like I'm a petulant arrogant and volatile teenager and openly insults my mother and I to each other. That I still don't feel understood or loved...That pile of personal shit those problems that I have with myself and with my relationships great and small silly and sad. It's nearly killed me at least a dozen times in my life. I've certainly tried and failed. This time though... I just shut down. I couldn't handle that two years in a row I was spending part of November being told I wasn't worth supporting how much of a disappointment I was. I stopped eating regular meals and locked myself in my room until midnight thinking I should have some energy before the drive back to school and the first of my finals that would shortly follow I drank some Dr Pepper. Just acidic enough to set off the damage I'd already done to my stomach lining. I wasn't able to keep anything down that entire day and the pain caused me to vomit even with a prescription from the urgent care to neurologically suppress my nausea. The next day I got a liter and a half of IV fluid and a prescription for my stomach lining. The day after that I finally normalized and two after that I made a day trip for my last final. During those days my mother and I started talking and we haven't stopped. We're working hard to fix our relationship and that's helped me stay sober. ..But that day trip... that was a test. A year ago I had told both of my parents all of my grievances with them. I laid it out and I told them they could either make an effort to address them or be nothing at all to me. For a year the man who fathered me has not been my father. He only even has a car because he wouldn't sign the divorce until my mother paid for it claiming that it was so he could become an Uber driver and earn money to help eventually provide me a car. When he actually got that job I figured I would give him that nth chance I vowed to God and men I wouldn't at least as a friend. I took him up on his offer for a ride if I ever needed one since my relationship with my mother had only started to thaw back out. I figured it would be a nice drive since we're usually able to have friendly conversations and ignore our history. Then he told me he'd reread my letter and he thought he finally understood. I only remember one of the exact words he managed to get out before I flipped out and told him we weren't discussing it until I was done with my final: transference. I didn't need an explanation; he's always refused to accept that I might resent what degraded to a total inability to provide or support me financially or emotionally by the end of high school when my mother and I made our first serious attempt at reconciling. Moreover my grievances with both of them are that they're total opposites. She's too uptight to ever let me have some vices and he has not been an independent adult for years. But I always liked him more because he was nice and he bought me anything I wanted; these are things that children value before we come to truly understand the value of tough love. To this day he has to do something specific like that for me to be anything less than friendly with him. Him trying to brush off what are possibly some of my oldest and most severe relationship issues with the implication that I was just taking out some nonexistent hatred for my mother on him is possibly the most offended I have ever felt. ..Unfortunately the seemingly innocuous triggers were far from over. I had to pack up some of my things for winter break and clean up a little around the apartment. In a beachside college town known for its crime with nearly weekly burglaries that are reported and more that aren't my roommate had left every single window (including one facing the second floor walkway) open and the deadbolt unlocked. Not necessarily a huge deal his ignorance or forgetfulness. He just doesn't know better. But for a person struggling so hard against depression to try to stay sufficiently motivated to keep working towards a fully independent life his ignorance is inordinately frustrating. I didn't even know for certain he was gone for the break when I left I only locked up properly out of caution. On the drive back I finally received a response from him asking what I meant about locking up which I clarified only to be informed he'd left for home hours before. I tried to stay calm but something about his response that he wanted to keep the apartment ventilated (the university staff had kindly reminded us in an email to close our windows if only to keep rain out it is California's central coast in winter after all) and just forgot the deadbolt caused me to flip out. ..I guess it's my mother's influence because her eventual response contrasted with my father's calm question if we need to return to lock up was to ask how somebody could be so stupid. She hates calling people stupid. I don't know why I didn't drink that day... I have the credit cards to buy it and my father has not only joined me on beer runs but even paid for me before. Stopping being pissed off over these little triggers was always one of the biggest reasons I drank it's often impossible for me to sleep sometimes without some sort of sleep aid. Since then I haven't gotten any happier. It's who I am. I'm a weird guy who loves and hates everybody and everything. The words don't mean to me quite what they do to anyone else I've ever met and that's kind of okay with me. I need things to bitch about to stay motivated. If I wasn't so angry about people for being selfish I wouldn't try so hard to actively combat my own selfish nature even though I often fail. If I wasn't so upset by how ignorant so many people are of certain things I wouldn't pursue knowledge with such fervor. If I was able to like most people I wouldn't be motivated to get my degree and the nearly guaranteed fat salary because I wouldn't want to be able to not ever have to work with anybody I didn't both like and respect ever again. But if I didn't love my species my country or my family I wouldn't be such a fervent advocate of reform I wouldn't be so angry to see people arguing instead of cooperating. I wouldn't be so dead set that a lot of that money I hope to earn is going to buy the mother who has sacrificed so much everything she could ever want. ..I don't know why I didn't drink those days. I know that they were low points for me for reasons big and little. They were all rock bottom to some extent. Points I reached decided to stop digging and start trying to climb. I do know that today I did not drink because I did not have to. I have the choice to give into the drink that pushes me to dwell on that negativity and spew it all over my relationships or to do my best to turn that negativity to good use...I'm sorry if this is way too long to read or kind of ranty. I'm an angry anxious and depressed person that's why I drank. This is the first time I've really shared about all of these events and why I view them as some of the critical moments in my journey to sobriety. I hope that maybe somebody will read this see something of their own struggles and oblige one simple request:.Do not drink with me today...Thank you so much to anybody who's read all the way through it really means a lot. Stay awesome stay sober SD :)
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing what's going on with you! I could relate to some of what you said. I struggle with depression and anxiety which I usually drank to drown out. I didn't finish college although I tried going back after a year. I just couldn't get myself together enough to finish although I wasn't drinking (or doing any other substances) at the time. But it's always been a source of frustration/a regret to me that I didn't try to ask for help...Do you keep a journal? Even just a sort of a regular 2-3 sentences-long log about how you're feeling or what you're thinking? If not you might find that it helps to write a little bit every day or frequently to get out some of the frustration and negative thoughts you have about things as they happen. I started journaling years ago but couldn't stay with it bc I would try to write down every single thing that bothered me and I realized I was writing pages at a time. I would get sick of it. And then the frustrations would build up again...For about the last 8 years though I've kept a daily log to track my symptoms of depression and anxiety (other health problems too). It evolved from a few words on any given day to sometimes a paragraph about the thing that I just couldn't stop thinking about that day. It allowed me to get it out and then look back over time to see how things had changed. You might find that seeing your thoughts on paper help you to feel more control over how you're thinking and feeling in general...You definitely have my support and best wishes going forward with gaining sobriety. I will absolutely not drink with you.  
[removed]
I read every single word. Dartaga
