-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5iuf2q/sabotaging_thoughts/

Hey all. I wasn't going to post this but then I realized that the fact that I'm trying to hide away my feelings is a big red flag and even more reason that I should reach out...So I'm sitting here a week away from the big 6 months. I'm super psyched and thrilled about it. But I've also been having a lot of struggles. It's like that number makes it *real* real. I've wanted this to be a forever thing from the start but now it's like my brain is calling my bluff. There's a lot of negative self talk going on in my head "ok you've had your fun playing sober but we both know this isn't going to last stop lying to yourself you'll always be that person..." And it goes on and on and on...I feel confident right now probably because it's early in the day but I know those thoughts will start creeping in again. It pisses me off because I know what my brain is trying to do here. But at the same time I'm half convinced I'm going to blow it this week and then say well I *almost* got to half a year that was a good run...I'm not sure what I'm even looking for in this maybe just exposing the thoughts will help. Maybe some of you have experience with this wanting to sabotage before a milestone? It seems crazy to me typing it out that I'm even thinking these things but there it is. I'll not drink with you all TODAY.
----------immediate responses--------

From what I've read on here and with my experiences of relapsing like 5 times just before 50 days sober this sounds like a common thing. I think just sharing will help you as the alcoholic mind LOVES secrets. For me when I have thoughts like this I have to keep playing the tape forward over and over and thinking about how bad I felt when I wanted to quit drinking. I only wish you the best u/polarb3rry!
i have found that when i feel negative and itchy i probably need to step up my self care. ..more work outs. better food. more sleep. more gelato ;)..bad days make the good days all the more awesome. hang in. 
Yeah sure man. I've had those same kind of thoughts around the same time.  I think it's around that time for me that the fog had sort of lifted and the novelty of early sobriety had worn off.  When those thoughts got to be too hard what helped me was to fall back on what had been working.  Can I make it to the end of the day?  What do I need to do to help make that happen?  Congrats on your impending milestone.  It's a super-special day but just another day to work through all the same.
Hey good job writing thinking and sharing your thoughts. Just the process of doing that can help a lot -- getting support from your SD buds can help even more. Your subconscious and conscious mind are battling it out and it's a tough fight. I keep a sporadic journal of my journey to sobriety...I've used a few entries to write out all the reasons I wanted to stop drinking. Going back and reading those when I'm battling my lizard brain is like a sobering slap in the face. Very effective for me. ..I'm getting close to one year without drinking and I STILL get random thoughts of "oh now you can have just one..." or "yay after a year sober now you can drink."  I whip out my journal and read how miserable and guilt ridden I was in the early days and how badly I wanted to stop. Nothing like listening to your past self begging you to not drink...Hang in there. It does get easier and so much better. I will not drink with you today. 
Try writing down (paper computer etc) your subconscious's excuses for drinking.  Now look at those excuses in a tangible form.  I guarantee you most of it is dumb misleading deceptive or self-deprecating..
Yep when I hit a year there was the temptation to see what it was like to drink again. I decided to set more goals to reach. 500 was next. Now year and a half. It keeps me looking forward not backward. And calling myself out like you just did also really helped. Keep it up! You don't ever have to go back to being that person again. 
You don't necessarily have to just sit there and take that negative self talk trying to beat you down. I certainly used to but now I am doing something that honestly helps me end it quickly and move on. I mentioned this in a comment before so I am just going to copy/paste it. Maybe you can see if you can use or adapt it...."I put a name to the voice that the craving thoughts come in. I named it after the most irresponsible self destructive person I ever met. Now when a craving or destructive thought appears and I hear something like "what does it matter" or "just have one no one will even know" I just think "Shut the fuck up Shannon you're a dumbass!".Shannon seems to listen mostly. ;)"
We read this in treatment and it really helped me with negative thinking:  http://wacodtx.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/The.Hungry.Ghost_.I.pdf
Congrats on almost six months. I will join you in not drinking today. 
I'm glad you typed these feelings out /u/polarb3rry and I hope it's helping. From your responses below looks like a crazy busy time for you making Christmas magic happen. I hope you get time for that sugar cookie and tea...My alcoholic brain resurfaces pretty insidiously as well. Others have said this but playing the tape forward can be really invaluable. You'd think I would know it by now but one drink will always lead to more. Luckily I have some old drunken "tapes" to play back to scare me off...You got this /u/polarb3rry :)))! Keep checking in. Your SD peeps are here for you!
As you've already read this happens to a lot of us so you are far far from alone. I was on a business trip in Europe for a project that wasn't going swimmingly. Away from home for two weeks far from support off my game and the clock ticked over to six months. That specific day was TERRIBLE and I went back to my hotel. The need was punishingly intense and I ordered a Johnny Walker Black on the rocks my travel favorite. Never even touched it just stared at it like a cobra on the bar top. Somewhere was the strength to walk away and like everyone here says i just decided not to drink that one single drink and worked from there...I wish I had known about SD back then because I would have followed your lead and posted here. Thanks for having an NDV!
Hi PB! Wow..almost 6 MONTHS! So here was my experience: I got into a bit of a funk - not that I wanted to drink I actually didn't know quite what to think (if that makes any sense?). I was in low-pro mode for a bit and it took another SDer to check in on me. Just knowing that there are people who are here for us who can truly understand how we're feeling and what we're going through made such a difference for me. I realized that my alcoholic brain would try to trick me when I least expected it and when I didn't give in it was OK. I wound up coming here and celebrating the milestone and I can't wait to do that with you too!! You're doing great and you'll be fine ;). ..So ice cream?? :)
