-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5iwdva/no_more_i_hate_you_daddy/

I have 3 daughters who had routinely told me either "I don't like you daddy" or (worse) "I hate you daddy". No matter how much that hurt me I failed to admit it was due to my drinking. I stopped drinking in August (with a relapse on Nov 28th) and have not heard those phrases since I've sobered up.
----------immediate responses--------

What are you doing to prevent another relapse?
Man that's awesome. Congratulations!
My dad wouldn't stop drinking and I told him he was taking himself away from us (me and my siblings). He told me that wasn't fair. It was one of the last things he ever told me. He died two years ago in October...If you choose to drink you're taking yourself away from your kids as well and they deserve better than that. It's not worth it.
Lifes better for everyone when we stop drinking..
[deleted]
cool deal.   ...mine were like that until they became teens then the occasional I hate you would show up every now and then...congrats on staying sober today.
[removed]
Awesome! 
Yay! As the teenage daughter of an alcohlic i have never had a good relationship with my father. He hasnt been drinking lately but that doesnt make up for his faults elsewhere. Your daughters need you and your actions will stick with them for the rest of their lives good and bad.
[deleted]
Amazing to hear! My kids are what initially motivated me to quit drinking. Been 3.5 years now and I've found many more reasons to stay sober but making sure my children never see me drunk is still one heck of a big one. ..Congrats friend! 
They'll still say it.  Just for more standard reasons.  You heartless jerk you wouldn't let her go to a party on a Thursday night.  "I hate you daddy!"
I share everyone's support and encouragement here...and also want to put on your radar that your family may need some counseling to continue recovering from the effects your drinking had on them.  As I'm sure you know alcoholic families have a number of very dysfunctional features that can leave a legacy of damage for those who did not drink.  Just because your daughters no longer "hate" you doesn't mean they now trust you or feel secure in their homes/lives.  This can be part of the "wreckage of the past."  So you might want to check in with them on how they're really feeling about all this and what needs they might have. 
Good...You can't let it take control of you again.
That's great man. Keep it up. I won't drink with you tonight.
