-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5iyq9w/made_it_through_a_bad_night_need_to_vent/

Today was my family Christmas party. We've always all been heavy drinkers and I knew I wanted to stay sober tonight. The thing was it was sad to see my dad drunk and my aunts drinking and so many people I looked up to for so long. I enjoyed just being with everyone! I love those parties for the people and it's hard to see them continue to get so drunk they won't remember...With my dad it's the worst. I came home from college at 2pm and he was drunk. He complained about his job his life and how he didn't know what to do with himself. He even admitted to just drinking because he was bored and annoyed with himself. He's too thick headed to ever stop and now that I'm not drinking with him it's a bit depressing to see. I never want to be that way when I have kids. To walk in the house and think ugh dad's drinking again it hurts...Unrelated to drinking I've been struggling to get over an ex. I thought we had a perfect relationship and we both went through a lot of crap this semester and ended up breaking up. Tonight she's out drinking putting up a million snap stories and instagrams. It just hurts to see when all I thought about tonight was wanting her to be with me and my family...Sorry for the random rant I just wanted to get it off my chest. I will not be drinking with anyone of you today...
----------immediate responses--------

Please don't be sorry- I'm glad you could vent here. Sounds like a lot to deal with but congrats on not drinking. It is pretty weird to be around the drinkers when not drinking but I'm glad you enjoyed being with your family...Hang in there! And Merry Christmas- we'll celebrate by not drinking!...
Hi mountain hare..i wonder do you think once you've quit maybe that'll have an impact on your family maybe some of them will at least consider it? your dad might not be too thick headed.. i mean.. people seem to stop at all ages... i actually dont' get it. it seems a bit of a miracle how people suddenly wake up like from a coma and say wait a minute wtf???..i'm sorry about your relationship...i don't know what to tell you without more details.. do you want to get back together? or do you wish the crap that drove you apart had never happened?..college is a brave time to stop drinking lots of respect; most of (*all) the people i knew in college were just getting started on what would eventually become for some a big giant monster commitment. you are wise
Hey you made it through the night so that's one great thing that happened and that's all you!  Well done.  
Hey man you had a victory remaining sober.it is sad to see others wallow in their sorrows but at least you were conscious enough not to join them. Own your small victories my friend. 
