-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5j0ck1/happy_consecutive_200_for_me/

I wish it was around 290 -something but oh well. My "week of moderation" taught me that moderation just isn't in the cards for me. My life has changed so much. I have lost around 30 pounds without anything drastic besides quitting drinking. I am so much more clear headed I cry less. I like myself more. I'm a better mother. I remember waking up and seeing salty tear spots on my sunglasses and thinking oh shit I was crying again..... who saw me? What else did I do/say. Blackouts haunted means became so constant that it was the norm for me. I was eaten up with shame and anxiety. Something had to go. I have good days and bad days but the difference now is that I no longer keep drinking as an option for dealing with anything. It never helped it numbed. It gave me the false idea that it added fun to anything and everything. I love waking up with no hangover. I witness plenty and it always gives me a little extra assurance that I have zero space for that in my life. Sobriety is my new normal and it looks and feels good on me. That's doesn't mean that I don't romantize the drink. Lizard brain comes and goes. I deal with it every day. But why fuck worth this when it's working so well. Thank you Reddit for providing such a great place for reflection when I needed it without judgement. To any of you struggling keep going. It gets better. Xoxo
----------immediate responses--------

Awesomely done!
Congrats today is a good day!
AWESOME!!!  Congratulations!!  I however feel like I cry more - I was drinking to numb my emotions now I am nothing but FEELS!!!  It is amazing how we all react differently to the same stimuli.  You give me hope!!..I will not drink with you - FTZ
yay! congrats 
Outstanding!  I just saw in recognition of your achievement that Detroit has issued at this link a [Commemorative Vehicle](http://www.chrysler.com/en/200/) in honor of your milestone!
Good job!  Keep it up Lizard brain gets weaker and weaker with time.
Great post. I can really relate to your statement that alcohol only numbs us. After several months sober I began to forget all of the negatives that accompany the brief escape we get from drinking.  I have recently tried to experiment with moderation. It was a mistake. Luckily there was no disaster. There was also none of that fun that I seem to remember. The only thing I felt was a type of numbness. After spending months experiencing life with a sober body and mind the intoxicated experience was very unsatisfying. I hope we can keep learning from these mistakes and keep getting closer to living a life where we are comfortable being present for all of the people who love us and depend on us. 
