-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5j19e6/just_made_it_24_hours/

On the 30th of November I decided in the morning to quit drinking for the month after my getting-progressively-worse hand shakiness led to me spilling a beer in front of a bunch of people I had been out with the night before. I had also been having a pain in either my heart or left lung(not sure) that would hurt when I wasn't drinking and then seem to go away the more I drank...Well after 11 days of being sober I went out with friends intending on not drinking and I had a whiskey at the restaurant bar that we were all eating at. I hadn't told anyone there that I was not supposed to be drinking so nobody thought anything of it. I told me girlfriend when I got home that I had a drink and she congratulated me for making it this long as I have been drinking several drinks a day for about the last 7 years (I am 30)...My hand shakiness and heart pain seemed to have disappeared over those 11 days...Fast forward several days ago and after a couple days of having one or maybe two drinks I went totally off the rails and called into work sick and drank all day. The day before yesterday I pretty much just drank the entire night. Yesterday morning I woke up extremely shaky and my heart hurting a lot. I decided that was it and quit again. I felt like shit all day and then today I woke up feeling a little better but still really shaky. I decided a little bit ago to go for a walk and get my blood moving a little. By the end of the hour long walk I was getting these weird hot/cold flashes coming over me and I swear I was hallucinating a little bit visually and audibly. I feel a little better now that I am slamming waters and back inside...I hope now to be done drinking for good because I don't want to die lie to people hide how bad my habit is anymore. I am just going to take it one day at a time...I quit cigarettes 5 years ago from a 2 pack a day habit and quitting smoking has nothing on drinking...I'd love anything to motivate me suggestions comments etc. Thanks a lot for letting me vent reddit....TL:DR - I quit drinking yesterday and am struggling through some tough physical effects but am optimistic about slowly getting through it.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on making the step. It's only forward from here. I will not drink with you today. 
&gt;I hope now to be done drinking for good because I don't want to die lie to people hide how bad my habit is anymore...It helps me to remove works like hope and try from my statements about quitting.  It gives me a mental out.  Which I believe is why this sub tends to use the term 'I will not drink with you today' instead of 'I will try not to drink with you today'.  ..Good luck on your journey.  Im only a couple days ahead of you.  Were in this together.  ..I will not drink with you today.  
Hi there! I have been post-binge/scary physical symptoms far more times than I care to admit. My health was a major reason for my quit as was lying/hiding the amount of my consumption. It's great that you went for a walk I'd add that getting some B vitamins and some sleepytime extra tea (with valerian) -- or any other kind of soothing drink you can into you. We really do a number on our hearts our nervous systems our GI tract...I'm not drinking with you today! Keep us posted on your progress!
It's weird how even after we *know* that it's time to stop our minds trick us back into drinking even harder.  Don't let that stop you.  Each of my failures taught me something and made it possible when the time finally came around for me to grab onto sobriety for (literally) dear life.  There's every reason to believe that you can do this difficult but life saving amazing thing for yourself.  
I quit with you! I hate tea but chamomile has tranquilizing effects to help calm you down. Ill have some to relax. 
