-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5j2al8/going_on_two_days/

I have been monitoring this board for quite some time now recognizing I have a problem but have kept on drinking and drinking...  After getting absolutely trashed on vodka embarrassing myself in front of the neighbors that we were drinking with (dont ask!) and having a huge fight with my wife on Friday night I have finally decided to put the brakes on my drinking. Enough is enough. I am killing myself embarrassing myself and destroying relationships at home...  My 14 year old has just recently told me that I am always drunk...I have struggled with drinking since my last deployment to Iraq. Prior to Iraq it was maybe a 6 pack of beer on the weekend... If that....  Now a 6 pack or a bottle of wine is just getting me started.  I drink almost daily maybe every other day. I have tried counseling...  Did not work.  For me it is going to have to be will power. I have to stop.  I am tired of waking up hungover. I have never experienced some of the blackout stories I have read about on here but there are times I dont recall making dinner for the kids even though I did.....Even though I work out I have gained lots of weight. I dont experience any sort of withdrawls when i dont drink. It has sorta become part of my routine now... Go to work go to the gym stop and grab me some drinks and be home for the kids when they get off the bus from school... I need to find a way to force myself not to stop at the store on the way home. Tomorrow should be interesting.. I sometimes tell myself that i will just have a few but.... I am always making a trip for more. I live around folks whose garages are fully stocked with alcohol...  If I would run out at home I have plenty of garage fridges to help myself too.. Sometimes I think I should sell and move...The vivid dreams I have when I dont drink......Tomorrow should be interesting... I am going to see if staying active on this site helps me...
----------immediate responses--------

hi octathorpe.it sounds like you've come to the right place. your son is probably not making this up. ... you're lucky to have a family there with you who can hold up a mirror... maybe it helps you notice it faster. ..do you know how come the last deployment triggered more drinking?..also i will not drink with you today :)
A common problem with blackouts is that many of us remained in denial about them for many years. "Sure I forget a few things when I drink who doesn't" "It's not like I woke up naked in another city with someonevI don't  know.." "I don't remember puking in the hosts flowerpot my wife always exagerates".  Normal drinkers do not blackout. I had to admit other people were not exagerating. I had a serious alcohol problem... 
I will not drink with you today. Take care of yourself. 
