-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5j92ft/ive_really_been_wanting_to_give_up_lately_but_i/

Hello SD..I've been following the sub for a few weeks now. I first posted a couple days ago on a different account that I've since deleted but not before sharing my life story over the past 18-ish months then sharing the link with some of my best friends. They already knew most of what I shared but probably not the extent that I was struggling. Yeah... It's been frighteningly scary lately. I'm sure I'll share bits and pieces over time with y'all but I don't feel up to it at the moment. ..Today I'll just share that I quit my job after lasting 2-3 weeks. I'm not looking forward to sharing that info with friends and family soon but it was an outrageously shit job that nearly felt like slave labor. I'd happily work at minimum wage (this job was nearly minimum wage anyway) again before I deal with 10 hour shifts starting at 3am with lifting 40-80 pounds nonstop every 5 minutes and with no break which was initially promised. I'm shocked that they can get away with that. ..So I'll be spending the day mostly in bed suffering through withdrawal symptoms forcing myself to eat something despite having no appetite and trying not to hate myself any longer. This will probably last all week too but maybe not after Christmas or New Year's if I'm lucky. I don't think I can handle another day of feeling like I'm actively ruining every relationship in my life thanks to alcohol. ..I'm throwing out the remaining vodka now and getting some much-needed food and water. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Be kind to yourself. I will not drink with you today.
Taking good care of yourself is one of the best things you can be doing right now. It's important to get through the worst of it so you can start healing from it. Now is also a great time to be planning what you're going to do as soon as you can be out of bed. Do you have a support group in your area that you can start going to? Are any of your friends the type that is up for hanging out on short notice to just talk and kill time with you? Or anybody you can get out of the house to meet up with to do something fun that doesn't involve alcohol? It's important to find ways to start filling up your free time and substituting good behaviors for the not-so-good ones...Best wishes this is really worth the effort! Hope to see you around on here when you get time. :)
Thank you both for your comments. I've returned to this post and read everything at least a dozen times today. Most of the rest of the day I've explored other parts of the sub. I don't think I could ever achieve sobriety if it wasn't for finding this sub. 
I replied to another one of your comments. ..I drank nearly a 5th of vodka a day for a while.. a few years with stretches of sobriety in between: 2 months here and there 6 weeks 5 weeks etc. ..As you can see it has been 3 weeks since I last drank with no real cravings. I'm sleeping really really well and I'm waking up early with no hangover and my productivity has increased immensely. ..Take it one day at a time and soon you'll start to feel so much better. Best of luck. ..I won't drink with you today. 
