-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jcm5p/accountability_post/

Hi SD. I wish I could say I was new here but I've been lurking here for the last two years. Two years ago I realized I had a problem with drugs and alcohol. I knew it wasn't rock bottom yet but I was getting there slowly but steady. In the past two years I tried to quit more times than I can remember even getting a couple of months of sobriety in (the best months out of all of them of course). However I always relapsed accompanied by a million different excuses to myself: it's not that big of a problem lots of people behave the way you do. Or you've been too hard on yourself for the last couple of years just relax. Or I should wait until XYZ happens and then I can quit. You name them and I've had them. ...But I can't anymore. I'm sick. Sick and tired of starting out each day hopeful and falling into the same cycle over and over again. Every day I think it's going to be different but every day the same feelings creep up which lead to me caving in and getting wasted again. This is an accountability post so I can come here and read this over and over again to remind myself that it's never going to be different. The only way to break the cycle is to simply not pick up. As soon as I start I don't want to stop. Furthermore if I start everything else in my life just fades away. Previous hobbies interests friends all fall away because as long as I'm using alcohol and drugs the only thing on my mind will be alcohol and drugs. My life has been pausing for two years now and I'm done. I want to go on. And the only thing I have to do for today is stay sober. I do not immediately need to be on top of the world. But if I don't get sober now all my days will be shitty. ...No meetings in my area so I'm hitting up SMART and I will be checking the SD chat. Glad to be here. Thanks for reading..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there glad you're here! I would recommend reading The Naked Mind. It's a really good book and could change your perspective. Good luck with everything. There are 54252 people here that are willing to support you and listen!!! I will stay sober today with you!
Hi and well done for finally posting! I too spent many years trying to quit and finding SD was the catalyst to me having the longest length of sobriety in 20 years! ..Do you have a plan? I had lots of fizzy drinks and yummy food in for when the cravings hit and to keep my hands busy in the evenings...Keep posting it really helps!
Wow! I could have written that post except it has been much longer than 2 years...Thanks for sharing. Hope to see you around :)
Welcome! I find reading a lot on this message board to be very helpful. On days that are high temptation days I do pledge and that comes in handy. 
An accountability post is a great idea. I hope you keep coming back and checking in with us.
Good for you!  You can do this! It's going to take self discipline and control no doubt but it will be so worth it to you. Keep posting and this group will keep supporting you. 
&gt;Sick and tired of starting out each day hopeful and falling into the same cycle over and over again. ..I think that's what gave me the final push to take this thing seriously.  We can come up with an infinite number of reasons to drink and one big one not to - it harms us and all too often the people around us...Sober today.  Together.
