-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jf1hy/i_just_want_to_stay_sober_thru_xmas/

This is my goal.  Not just for my family's peace of mind but for my own and for my health.  I know I need a break for my own sanity and for my health.  And I really want to lose at least 10 more pounds.  Maybe even 20...I can't do this when I'm drinking...So after yet another bender this last weekend I swore to myself and to my family that I would stay sober thru Xmas...This shouldn't be that hard.  Less than a week.  So I keep talking myself out of getting a bottle.  Telling myself all the things that will go wrong and why I shouldn't...And yet I have this constant running train of thought of plans to get a bottle.  It's like the two sides of my brain are at war with each other...I need to distract myself to keep from following thru with these plans but I'm really struggling here and could use some help...Maybe I need to give up on this diet and just eat sugar but I don't think that will make me feel any better...I'm sure worse.
----------immediate responses--------

Just focus on staying sober **today.** That's it. You can worry about tomorrow when it gets here...Hang in there. You've got this. We're here for you.
You said you're reluctant to try sugar as a way to help with the cravings. I totally hear you sugar makes me feel like hell usually...But out of curiosity do you take any vitamin supplements? I've read that taking vitamin B12 can help boost one's mood which may be helpful in dealing with cravings. I've never put it into practice myself so hopefully someone else can comment on that. I would be tempted to try that out for myself except I have to go to my doctor first to discuss supplements bc my body may not be processing B vitamins and/or folic acid correctly.
Things that I have found immensely helpful:..* Just be sober today. Take it a day hour or minute at the time if you need...* Substituting drinking with non-alcoholic drinks especially if it has bubbles. I don't fully understand why but it seems to help cravings. La Croix is something people here drink a lot. Also before you make the choice of drinking eat first and treat yourself bit with something sweet. If you fear calories remember that a snack has a lot of less calories than alcohol. You may notice that the craving for alcohol is gone or you can stick a lot better without not drinking. If you experience HALT in general (hungry angry lonely tired) -&gt; get those handled first and then get back to drinking. You may notice that you lose the incentive to drink altogether. ..* Read a book called "This Naked Mind" or Allen Carr's "Easy way to stop drinking". I especially recommend  the Naked Mind it is fucking magic...* Group support such as /SD or AA. You already have this going on and if it is not enough try AA :)..* Keep generally busy but have your day-offs..* If you have some particular issue (how to deal with insomnia/should I ditch alcohol off my house/how to get through parties sober/etc) check a Youtube channel called Alcohol Mastery. The guy at there has almost any issue already handled in his videos that you can think of. Also /SD helps with that. Sometimes it makes us feel better just to say what we have on our minds...* Gym..* Finding new hobbies especially if they are hobbies that are hard or impossible to do while drinking. Personally I longboard can't even think of drinking when you have your mind on "This is amazing" or "I need to focus not to kill myself with this traffic/not to ride off this road". Find something that takes you to the flow .https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)..* New coping mechanisms with stress in general..* Meditation..Remember - as long as you are not drinking you are doing it right. :) Everything else is just bells and whistles to deal better with cravings and situations that make drinking an easy choice
When I was still addicted I was ambivalent about quitting too.  I wanted to quit but I didn't want to quit.  It was an internal battle in my mind.  What helped me to deal with this was Jack Trimpey's rational recovery website and his addictive voice recognition technique (AVRT).  ..Learning transcendental meditation was also extremely helpful especially in learning that my thoughts are just that and they all pass so I don't need to latch into them and focus on them like I used to with drinking.
