-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jf71d/trouble_with_motherinlaw_and_coming_out_for_my_1/

I was always planning on making a more "public" announcement via social media once I hit my 1 year sober mark. Unfortunately I don't think that is going to be possible. My mother-in-law is an alcoholic has Facebook and knows I have stopped drinking but doesn't know why. This is because SHE is an alcoholic but she is in EXTREME denial. We had a VERY awkward dinner with her recently where she drank for the first time in 5 months. It was ALL she could talk about and she made a HUGE deal about it. I actually tuned out and started messing with my phone every time she talked about it because it hurt so much to see and hear and not be able to say anything. I guess my question is should I refrain from saying anything online? We are in such a different place. I feel like it would be awkward for her to know or to talk to me about it. She said during that dinner AT LEAST 5 or 6 times "I am not an alcoholic." :| ..Also I know a lot of people here don't believe in or agree with the idea of telling everyone about this. I just want to be there to support anyone who might be going through something similar and I don't think I should be ashamed of having this illness and trying to overcome it. I have a lot of friends who might benefit from having a safe person to go to if they have a drinking or drug problem and I am hoping my own success can be an inspiration or help to others who might be struggling. What are your experiences with sharing this information with others or online? 
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
If it were me I'd go ahead and do it. Your recovery is your own. Speaking for myself even in the worst throes of alcoholism I wouldn't have taken it personally if someone posted about their one year success. Even if your MIL is different quite frankly that's her problem! Congratulations on your first solar transit btw :)
The problem is that active drinker experiences criticism of their drinking very negatively. Shame and guilt are bad motivators - if you bring it up with her the likely outcome is that she ceases to have contact with you rather than to stop her drinking. I think that the best way to influence others is to act as an example to other people and let them come to their own conclusion of "hey maybe I could do that as well?" Many of us here decided to end drinking by examples set by others in this sub but very rarely people stick with it if the influence comes from outside in the form of others trying to actively change them. This is what is meant with that the change must come from within.
A friend of mine has been sober for about 5 years and her posts on Facebook are always super-inspiring especially her sober anniversary posts. She always gets a tremendous amount of support and I don't see any negative comments in any of her posts. For you I say go for it. The ones who don't like it can just keep on scrolling...I'm going to be posting something for my one-year but just along the lines of "Made of decision last year to not drink and see where it takes me happy for everything I have accomplished in 2016 excited for the new year etc." Won't make any mention of alcoholism or get into any details of why I stopped drinking but just celebrating the fact that I made it a year. Its a big accomplishment.
you can block just her from your post ..I plan to do the same thing at a year. 1. to reduce the stigma of addiction... we're not all under bridges in rags.2. to inspire someone who might be afraid to change ..Im not going to specifically mention AA..Six days left!!!    
