-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jgz73/hey_n00bs/

I'm not so far into this sobriety thing to be talking down to anybody I'm totally not I just want to tell all y'all with a month or less that it DOES get easier. Please believe me...I remember first getting sober that first day then three days then week (AND THE FIRST WEEKEND OMG) then TWO WEEKS. I white knuckled (or so it felt like at the time) right through to thirty days...The insomnia the anxiety the serious FOMO's the minutes..ticking...by...so...slowly.....I also remember (and still feel) every little victory every drink passed up every time I resisted through my cravings (which never last do yourself a favor time your next craving swear to god it's no longer than 5 minutes you may have them back to back some days but seriously you can get through it) every time I woke up sober every time I made it to pay day with money in the bank. The pride. The feeling of freedom at last...I started moving (and you will too no you will not feel this tired forever) I got a bathroom project finished I started exercising I started performing at work. I FINALLY STARTED GETTING REAL SLEEP for the first time in years...Depression? Gone. Cravings? None to speak of...HOLD ON IT GETS BETTER!! I love you and I love your struggle. Best wishes and I will not drink with you today :)
----------immediate responses--------

Great Post !!
Thank you I needed to hear this. I had some intense cravings earlier. As you said they didn't last long. Coming here always helps too 
Thank you!!!!
Awesome!
I needed this reminder today. Thank you!
Thanks I needed to hear that after resetting yesterday!!
Thank you so much &lt;3
wow this is just the medicine i needed to salve my fears.  thank you so much!
Thank you!!  And it truly is getting easier every day. So glad to be here with you!  
&gt;The insomnia..Whew. This is good to know it's the only big issue I'm having at the moment. Appreciate this post!
Thank you! Very inspiring words to read today. I needed it and I'm not drinking with you today. :)
You are an inspiration!  Love to you too!!!!
Good stuff! Not only do I time cravings but also my panic attacks. If I had ever guessed I would have said the panic lasted an hour! HA. Not one has ever lasted longer than 18 minutes. Psych MD had me start that 5 years ago. It has helped so much over time. Now I use the same method to control cravings! You keep doing good!
Thanks for the taking the time to post this! Love your work! &lt;3
Such great words of encouragement.  Can't wait to find that promised land.  Thanks for that. ..Would it work if I just moved my badge counter up by 100?  : )
This is my experience too. Thoughts of drinking crop up once in a while but it's a lot easier to talk myself through them rationally. I'm in love with my sobriety for reals! :)
[removed]
I'm with everyone this was beautiful. I had a craving earlier and you're right. It passed. Thanks for the inspiration. 
Awesome post...love reading these things.  It really inspires us.  I'm into 16 days and my sleep is amazing.  I am feeling more motivated both in work and my training.  Thanks for sharing your insights...I won't drink with you today.
Thank you for the play by play! :-) You've got a tight hold on the ball and are running FOR SURE. :-) I apreciate your big heart and love you back!!  I'm at 3 weeks and running too. The best is yet to come. 
Thanks for sharing 
Good post much appreciated :)
The thing about minutes ticking by so slowly hit close to the bone. I feel that. I'm glad it gets better. I just want to enjoy the moment like I used to and wonder where the time went. Living in perpetual anxiety over a moment that hasn't arrived makes every minute last forever (especially in the middle of the night). That's no way to live. Thanks for giving me something to relate to tonight. I won't drink with you. 
This man or woman speaks the truth! 
I needed to read this. Thank you and congratulations. It's getting worse for me it's like a super intense jetlag totally unbearable. Thanks for reaching out from the other side and reminding me there's a way out.
I needed to hear this 
Thank you.
100% this! I remember the first month and everytime I thought - oh god what will people think of me?..After three months almost noone cares or has even noticed unless I actively mention it...My depression went too!!! Best thing ever.  
Thank you!
This was SO encouraging to me and I don't know why it made me cry. I think I'm really needing all the reassurance you've offered here because I tried and failed to stop two months ago and I feel like a loser. Only made it a week. My drinking hasn't resulted in any negative consequences in my life yet so when the anxiety cravings boredom and *depression* hit at about week two I started thinking "Now WHY did I stop drinking again?" I stopped because of the future impact on my health and the fact that I don't feel like I'm living my life but rather just coasting through it with a buzz and not doing anything at all to be proud of. ..Thank you for the look at what can be if I stick with it. I'm so happy to see your joy and look forward to when that's me! I will not drink with you today...edit: I reset my badge to yesterday. Right now it says 66 but it should say 1 and I'm honestly feeling proud of that 1!
Thank you for this! I am on day four didn't really think I would have the side effects of quitting but holy shit the insomnia is real. If I hadn't found this sub I wouldn't have realized it was a side effect of quitting and been way more frustrated by it. 
I wish I could give this more than one upvote! Man did that first weekend suck. Now I've actually stopped counting weekends!
I'll agree with you on this  it does get better then it gets different then it gets better......Life is good no matter what is going on.
Needed this. Thank you. 
