-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jll1k/podcasts/

I think yesterday someone linked a podcast with Joe Rogan and James Hetfield (Metallica frontman) where at some point they get to talking about James and his journey to sobriety. It was amazing just listening to these guys talk about the severity of it and the consequences if he fell back into his old ways (in this case losing his wife and kids). ..This kind of sent me on a podcast binge! I had to drive several hours for work this morning and decided to listen to Joe Rogan interview Kevin Smith (Clerks Jay & Silent Bob Etc). Even thought they didn't talk about drugs or alcohol sobriety it was soothing to hear them talk about creativity life and all it's issues. It helped me get away from the voice in the back of my head reminding me and almost teasing me that I'm not going to drink tonight. It got me thinking about what awesome things I can do without the alcohol. ..Anyway sorry to rant but I know we all try to find things to preoccupy our minds in this struggle. I thought I would suggest to anyone who's bored or looking for something new to see what's out there. It's seems like almost anyone famous or Iconic today has their own show or has been on someone else's. ..I won't be drinking with you good people tonight! .
----------immediate responses--------

I am obsessed with recovery podcasts.  Recovery Elevator The Bubble Hour Since Right Now Home The Sober Guy etc.  All great. 
I've never heard of these podcasts! I've saved this post and it's on my to do list to look it up. I love finding stuff like this..Thankyou! :)
I love podcasts. I also recommend Marc Marons WTF podcast. Marc is recovered and talks of it regularly though it is not a focal point of most of his podcasts. He gets great interesting guests from comedy music and even Obama.  Protip: Fork over the few bucks and buy Pocketcasts for your phone if thats how you listen. It is awesome supports 99.9 % of podcasts and saves a ton of time.
