-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jm6cp/another_attempt_at_sobriety/

I've been having terrible brain fog so it's difficult to put my thoughts into sentences. Commonplace words are a struggle to pronounce. I just feel old and tired. I'm struggling with the feelings that no matter what I do it's not going to amount to anything. However I feel compelled to give this a go. I'm tired of drinking and I'm not going to drink today...I'm sorry if this isn't appropriate outside of the daily thread but I just feel the need to put myself out there.
----------immediate responses--------

It's plenty appropriate!  We're all here for support.  Whenever I read someone's one day post I think back to my own and shudder.  Which in turn reminds me why I don't want to drink.  So I appreciate it when people share.  I won't drink with you today!
I won't drink with you today :)
it makes sense. i wont drink with you today
Best of luck. I totally get the brain fog thing. Yesterday was a long long time ago and often more like a dream. I could tell you I cooked a roast recently but was that this week or was it the prior week? It is improving slightly and I am told it gets better and better..I am proud to not drink with you today!
Definitely appropriate and I've been there. It gets better. I won't drink with you today. 
Sounds like Post Acute Withdrawal Symptoms (PAWS). Don't let these symptoms discourage you. Do some research about this topic and not only will it give you some reassurance but it will also take any shame or guilt you have down several notches. 
Welcome to the SD family.  Glad you're here...I was out-of-it for at least 3 days.  Even a week later I still have my moments.  From what I read here it takes time for the body to adjust.  ..There may be a silver lining in your cloud.  Alcohol is a depressant a lot of the stuff you describe feeling may start to lift as the alcohol loses its grip on you.  As many here have said give it time...Let's not drink tonight together...
