-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jngjw/feeling_depressed_and_lost/

Hi I have been struggling with alcoholism my whole life  im 33 years old I feel like I'm a failure I'm a good person but when I drink I lose control I lose jobs girlfriends Friends I don't know what to do I can't live like this anymore I'm scared lonely .. I'm a good person but you can't stay sober I got sent home from work the other day because I was still drunk and I continued to drink and missed work today what can i do please help
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Glad you posted. I got help. AA put me in touch with others who understood. I wasn't alone anymore.
I see alcohol abuse as self abuse. If some else was abusing me Id get away from them  anyway I could. And I have gotten away from a few abusive people in my life.  So now I'm going to get away from the abuse I create with alcohol. You arent alone theres so many of us who have been where you feel you are. Glad you are here. You can beat it. 
Some things that worked for me:  1) Take some slow deep breaths - right now - do it.  2) Now think about how much you'd like to be free of the crap that comes with drinking.  Imagine yourself not feeling like shit on a regular basis.  3) Last realize that you're not alone in all of this.  Pretty much all of the 54k+ readers here have faced the same struggle.  And ALL of them without fail would like nothing more than to see you make it...p.s. Maybe get yourself a badge over on the right hand side of the screen.  I resisted having one because I was afraid of having to reset it if I fell down again.  Once it got to 4 I couldn't wait to see my new number each day.
detox outpatient and AA really helped me when I got to the point of drinking at work ..you're worth it   
Hi. I'm glad you're here and I hope you'll keep coming. My stepdad was able to get help through AA and has been sober for many years now. He attributes many of the great things that has happened to him over the years to AA and all the support and love he found there.
