-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jpd63/sobriety_starts_today/

I'm 26 years old and I've struggled with alcohol for most of my life. I took my first drink when I was 11 and my life changed forever. I would chase that feeling of bliss for the next 15 years...I was in high school when my drinking got out of hand. I drank almost every night until I was in my early 20's. My parents approached me with their concerns around then. This is when I truly realized the gravity of my problem. Since that moment I have drank on and off. Always  knowing in the back of my mind that I shouldn't be drinking. I don't drink like a normal person. I drink until I'm fucked up every time. It's always been all or nothing. ..When I was 23 I quit drinking for two months it's the longest I've been sober since I was a kid. It was the happiest two months of my life. I lost a lot of weight. I embraced my hobbies started cycling and working out. I was happy for the first time in a long time. But I soon relapsed while on a vacation. Then I really hit rock bottom gained my weight back. Got into legal trouble. Damaged and destroyed so many relationships. I was out of control...I've been trying to get back to the good thing I had going during those 2 months sober. Drinking on and off. Last May I managed to be sober for a month. I was starting to feel good again but crashed and burned soon after the month was over...My best friend came into town over the past week. He's been soher for a year now. Which blows my mind. He recommended stopdrinking to me and encouraged me to pursue sobriety again. I've been going through the posts on here the last few days and am inspired from what I saw. I want to be sober again. I want to reclaim my life and be the person I know I can be. I'm sick and tired of stunting my life with booze. I decided today is the day. ..A friend of mine in recovery once told me "everybody has that one thing that is here to crush them into oblivion here to suck the happiness out of them until they have nothing mine is alcohol." So is mine. I'm excited to be sober. I'm also excited to be a member of this community. Thanks for the inspiration! 
----------immediate responses--------

awesome! i will not drink with you today :)..may I ask do you know what drinking did for you?
Hi and welcome! Congrats on your decision! Hope to see you here a lot more often :). 
Welcome! Glad you are here with us. I won't drink with you today!
[deleted]
