-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jsc57/i_have_trouble_understanding_why_this_is_worth_it/

yesterday i went to the movies and walk home it was midnight. i really like walking late at night. As i was walking and saw all the strange creaures of night i remember that i was one of them i was a drunk scoring some coke form some prostitutes. the problem is that i thought that those were the best moments of my life. Romanticizing alcohol and drugs is what got to me to this place. ..I miss drinking and be around drunks but i can't go back to being that person but i don't understan why i have to be sober. i don't like myself sober and i don't like myself drunk. what am i supposed to do? just getting lost as days go by. always thinking when is going to be my next relapse. But the most important thing is that i will not drink today i can't not just jet...thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

perhaps trying to explore a new hobby would help you to like yourself more? i made an account recently on StumbleUpon to preoccupy myself and hopefully find something that will get me more interested in it than wanting to get hammered. congrats on your 47 days! keep it up
Aside from not drinking or doing drugs what else have you changed?..In my personal experience my drinking and drug use was a symptom of my inability to handle stress. I'd avoid everything by isolating and getting wasted. Stopping drinking didn't solve the underlying problem of me being mentally/emotionally unable to handle life; it opened the door to solving those problems. For me that came in the form of treatment individual therapy and AA. It may be something else for you. All I can say is that simply not drinking isn't a panacea. When I was struggling with self-loathing during my first ~3 months of sobriety someone gave me some very simple advice "if you want better self esteem do esteemable things." For me sobriety is about positive action to be a different (hopefully better) person than I used to be.
I found that not everything in my life was solved by giving up drinking.  I couldn't solve any of it when I was drinking but that still left me with a few things to work on.
My decision to quit drinking was fueled in part by my own dislike of myself. I need to work on some things and drinking was not helping (it WAS helping me to ignore my pain but ignoring only got me so far). My days are better now but there's a lot of work to be done--challenging work that is requiring me to really question beliefs that I assumed to be foundational and non-negotiable. However I do believe that it's important that we come to a point where we love ourselves in a truly compassionate way; for some of us that will take some retraining. ..What does this look like day-to-day? For me it's assessing the kind of life I want to live. What are my values? How can I align my life with those values? It manifests itself in little ways -- like not wasting entire days in a beer stupor. ..I think I'm making progress. ..I will not drink with you today and know that you're not alone with these thoughts you're having. Many of us likely feel similar things. 
There's a part of me sometimes that romanticizes times I know were downright awful. For a while it was all I knew--toxic people who were drawn to me because I was a loving person who deep down hated myself and didn't know how to socialize without being drunk. But I had a social life then even if it was toxic and I hated who I was. Over the past few years I continued drinking for the most part sans the social life and that's when the romanticizing began until I realized that the part of me that romanticized those times was the very same that couldn't forgive or love myself. I don't think that's true of everyone. I think it's possible to romanticize a toxic time in one's life without it being the self-loathing part that's doing it. At the same time another reason I romanticized that time was because I hadn't built up a new life in its place. I simply retreated and gave up. ..I know it sounds cheesy but the movie that has kept playing in my head over the past few days is The Matrix particularly these two parts:.. &gt;Neo: What are you trying to tell me? That I can dodge bullets? .Morpheus: No Neo. I'm trying to tell you that when you're ready you won't have to. ..&gt;Oracle: You got the gift but it looks like you're waiting for something. Neo. What? Oracle: Your next life maybe who knows? That's the way these things go...First one: it's not that I think that there will come a time when the hard days are over. I think the hard days will grow further and further apart though and I think I may reach a point where I don't have to dodge bullets like being around a group of people drinking...Second one: This one seems most relevant to this thread. Giving up drinking was the first step like Neo taking that red pill. But thriving in sobriety as they say? Becoming someone I'm proud of having a life that I'm enjoying so much that romanticizing my past doesn't happen? That's going to take work. In many ways that's going to take me becoming someone else. ..I really appreciate your post because it reminds me that to make this worth it I have to seize all the opportunities that I didn't have when I was drinking no matter how insignificant those opportunities seem. I'm here because I know the life I created for myself by drinking every night isn't worth it--and I dealt with that by--surprise--drinking to not think about it. Talk about the Matrix! So now I have to deal with what I've been avoiding: reality. And the funny thing about those times when I romanticize drinking these days is that I'm just romanticizing getting my booze on so I can romanticize about a life that doesn't exist. ..Anyway enough rambling. Thank you for posting--gave this person in the early days of sobriety a lot to think about. I will not drink with you today!..EDITED.tl;dr: When I romanticized my drinking self I was also romanticizing someone who desperately wanted a life that I wasn't living.
I had a realization about six months in that quitting hadn't really made a difference in my level of happiness. Initially it was a little discouraging since I'd read so many stories where sobriety seems to instantly transform someone's life but then I recognized the flip side which was that quitting hadn't made me less happy which was shocking because I didn't think I could be happy without alcohol. I'd romanticized it that much. 
I support you in your decisions.
I don't like myself either and this is why I actively work on changing myself. I am letting my curiosity have a free reign. I know what it's like to be drunk for a decade. Now I want to know what it's like to be sober for just one more day.
