-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jtra3/my_story_day_one/

I thought I had finally found the one.  She was the most wonderful thing to happen to my adult life. The day she left she said "why would anyone want to be with you?" It cut deep.  I spent three months crawling from the bottom of one whiskey bottle to the next trying to avoid the grief loneliness and guilt...Then it dawned on me. I didn't want to be with me either. I could not emotionally handle that thought. So how did I cope? I got really drunk and sent a nasty scorched earth text to her for abandoning me. I replaced my obsessive thoughts about reconciling with crushing shame. How could I try to hurt someone I love like that?  It was so selfish and shortsighted.  But in the moment the drunken anger jealousy and self loathing was more raw emotion than I had felt in many years.  I am thoroughly disgusted with myself. I feel like a monster.  All the unresolved arguments the escalation the absenteeism the mood swings the lack of passion for life the booze made it all so much worse.  For two years before I met her I drank 12 or more  beers 3-4 times a week to numb the loneliness.   After I met her I drank less but still a lot to cope with the ups and downs of a normal relationship. Now I drink everyday...I've spent 15 years struggling with alcohol.  Typical weekend warrior binge drinker as a teen and in my early 20's.  23-25 I began drinking alone.  So I got busy and a lot better for 25-29 as I started grad school in the evenings and the perks that came with it helped- interesting people a girlfriend study abroad intellectual stimulation.  Foot 29-31 I started to lose control. Anxiety after grad of a possible career switch no gf friends now too busy with their own families and too much free time led to a lot of drinking alone. 31-33(now) was the story above...Losing her was more than I was willing to give up for this addiction.  I'm getting sober.  Today is day 1.  It's time to get healthy.  I can feel the neuropathy as my sweaty hands fall asleep as I type. My face is always red.  I've lost so much weight even fast food takes too much effort.  My coworkers are out of patience.  ..This is going to be difficult. The loneliness shame anxiety and hopelessness are overwhelming.  But I know one thing I can't stay on this course...Hello SD and thank you for all the posts that helped encourage this lurker to take this step.  ..LR
----------immediate responses--------

What a journey you've already been on...congrats on day one and taking the first step towards a new  lease on life. This place is great for support and guidance you may not have or want from people IRL people who don't understand the mindset of an alcoholic. Moving forward will probably be a struggle (as it has been for me) but in my experience you'll be happier and end up in  a better place in the long run. Good luck to you and welcome!!
Great decision! The loneliness can be terrible I know.. Can you turn to family for support? The first few days are easier with support. I'm only on day 5 now but I feel much stronger every time I post here. You are not alone in this struggle. I will not drink with you today! 
We're here. Thanks for being strong enough to take the first step. Stick with it. You're a hell of a lot more powerful and significant than you're allowing yourself to believe. 
Let us know what you think after This Naked Mind... Not sure that I would be where I am had I not read it.  This sub is also huge help as I have not done AA.  GOOD LUCK! You have got this...
Just know that you are not alone and today is a new day. I know I was where you are and things are worlds different now almost 1 year sober. Keep fighting because your life depends on it. Good luck. And for today I won't drink with you. 
Congratulations on day one. We are all here to support you. Is it possible you could send another txt apologising? Not asking for anything in return or justifying but a genuine apology 
