-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5k21ql/holidays_checkin_christmas_eve_2016/

Hope everyone is having a wonderful day!..We know that the holidays can be stressful so let's use this check-in to support each other during the day today Saturday. ..If you don't celebrate the holidays still feel free to check-in and let us know what's going on today!..Share with us your triumphs and struggles and we'll get through the day sober together! ..Bonus: Fave holiday movie! ..___.*A bit o' fun :)*..If you're looking for something to do today have a look at [Stopdrinking on your current day.](http://sd.bot.nu/rSOYCD/) This was a "gift" to the sub created by one of our [crazy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvK6gvdTq1M) awesome former mods and if you look closely there are five different easter eggs to find by clicking on days in a certain order. ..Think you have what it takes to join the [Chicago fan club](http://sd.bot.nu/rSOYCD/chicago.php)?!?...
----------immediate responses--------

8 minutes to Christmas Eve but a good time to say I'm sleeping in tomorrow and not drinking. Happy holidays!
I'm off for a 10k run! Through a danger area past a sewage farm and next to a herd of Alpacas. ..What more could you want on a Christmas Eve?
I have a few favorite holiday movies but a family tradition was to all gather up on christmas eve and after dinner watch [Clark Griswold's masterpiece.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk74WprmZxY)
I will not drink today.
I will not drink today! ..There is a lot of alcohol in this house and even those family members of mine who don't drink a lot are partaking in the festivities but I do not need it nor want it. 
family coming in town tomorrow! Thank god it's only 3 of us but still very stressful. We all get along but the idea of sharing a house with 2 other people for 4 days and my mom drinking white wine the whole time is exhausting. I know if I focus on being a good son and a good brother I'll make it out just fine. Happy for another day of sobriety and a little bit of sanity 
Can someone please help me? I am on Day 2 and I have no idea what's happening to me.
Merry christmas SD! I'm going for a 5k walk would go for a run but my knee injury hasn't healed yet. I won't drink with you today and I'm glad I get to remember this day fondly. :)
I will be present for my family and I will not drink today
Uff I will not drink today.
I will not drink today. Meeting a friend and going to eat. This year I won't go to church and cemetary. 
Merry Christmas Eve and Happy Hanukkah SD! I'm not drinking today. I was successful at delivering cookies and treats to my (non-drinking / normie) friends no temptations or cravings whatsoever. It was fun playing Santa now I get to play him again tonight when we open presents!! ..It's going to be great for the first time to know what the hell I'm opening and not forget by the morning ;). 
Merry Christmas!! I will not drink today 
Well I had a dream that Christmas dinner was a disaster and ended up screaming at my boyfriend. Which is nuts because he's the loveliest person ever and now I've stopped drinking we hardly ever argue. ..I think I'm a little bit stressed for Xmas...Nevermind - I will not drink today! 
Driving into the lion's den today.  Tonight will be dinner out with the family.  Steak lobster and Mai Thais abound.  I will not drink with them today.  I will not drink with you today.  Happy Holidays to all.
No drinking for me today ! Even though I'll be alone I'm going to go grocery shopping for tonight/tomorrow put on Christmas music clean my apartment and cook ! ..HAPPY HOLIDAYS ! 
Spending the day in Metro-Detroit at a rehab facility to see my kiddo coming out of detox and transitioning to rehab. Since I have 7 hours before the noon start I may stop and get some Coney Island goodness...Got the last of the presents turkey thawing generator tested kerosene heaters ready and hopefully ready for anything...Every year my septic inevitibaly fills up when the septic companies close for the weekend. ['Shitters full Clark!'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fyS5CLBgyM)
Cycle ride done turkey and veg prepped for tomorrow SO at work kids entertaining themselves (for the time being) playing at a church service later then waiting for him to come.....I had a touch of anxiety earlier this month about this Christmas and tackling it sober. Now it's here I'm looking forward to seeing it through crystal clear eyes for the first time in a very long time...I will not drink today or over the coming days with you.
Not drinking with you all today. Merry christmas!!!! 
160 days today and I still can't believe that so far I'm successfully negotiating my first sober Christmas. By 11am Christmas Eve I'd probably be half-cut already. But I'm sitting here drinking coffee looking over a work project and singing along to Christmas songs on the radio. And accompanied by the blissful thought that so long as I keep going with sobriety I'll never have to suffer a hangover again.
Happy Christmas Eve and Happy Hanukkah! We're celebrating Xmas today and I'm up way too early waiting for the kids to wake up :) No way am I going to drink today or tonight after the fun is all over...My absolute favourite Christmas movie growing up was [Emmett Otters Jug Band Christmas](https://youtu.be/jJ3cWWNXBHg). Watched it again a couple years ago and it's just not the same.
I will not drink today.
I will not drink today. 
Off to the golf course to play a little small ball. I will not drink today. There will be pressure and some derision. But you know what? That's them not me. By no means do I feel invincible. Just done. Glad to be done.
I will not drink today.
I will not drink today.  I haven't checked in since week 40 but am still going strong.  Details for another post maybe.
Lots of love to you all. I'm not drinking with you today.
Making all the desserts for tomorrow today. Spice cake Oreo pie and melon sorbet. So many good things to enjoy without alcohol! I will not drink today!
I will not drink today
In Christmas eves past I'd start drinking around noon while I cooked for the get together later in the evening. But not this year! Going to enjoy my morning coffee with the hubs do some yoga have some chocolate milk later and have a happy SOBER Christmas Eve! I will not drink today!!!
This time last week almost to the minute I was having my last drink. ..I'm seeing my parents for Christmas they're aware I've quit drinking and are fully supportive (also not big drinkers themselves which helps)...I will not drink today (and tomorrow in case I don't make it on here to pledge then)
Pretty glad to be here today...Pretty glad to see everyone today...I won't drink with you all today!
I will not drink today no matter what happens.
I'm not drinking today. I'm working out cooking wrapping gifts and doing a fairly large amount of tongue-biting. But not drinking! 
I am planning a joyful and sober Christmas. I plan to work on my artwork and also spend time with my family for whom I am so grateful. I wish you all a wonderful Christmas no matter how you choose to spend it!
I will not drink today.
Not going to drink today. The to-do list is reasonable and so much easier to get done when I'm not stopping for a drink every half-hour!.Happy Holidays you guys! Stay strong!
I'm spending the holidays alone since my extended family is celebrating at a later date in January. That's cool with me right now because it gives me a couple more weeks to get more solid in this sobriety thing. ..I'm going to take long walks and runs play Skyrim and do cool things to my apartment like paint and put together furniture. Also going to work on an article I would like to publish...Happy holidays to all you awesome peeps! I am very grateful for all of you on this sub. Not sure I would've made it the last couple months without either lurking or posting here every day.
I will not drink today.  151 days and I made it through the holiday office party season.  Hope everyone has a great Hanukkah and/or Christmas!
i had to hit up SD before i leave for my parents' house today. i'm sure everyone there will be drinking but i will not drink today. .also 42 days! meaning of life day! 
I will not drink today. I will have a very merry Christmas!
Merry merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to everyone here!!..This is my first sober holiday so *I WILL NOT BE DRINKING!* yes a little bit of the temptation twinge is still there there's no denying that but being sober is way so much better: no shame no guilt no apologies for shitty stupid stuff i did and don't remember *and* no hangover! .....today i'll be watching the Packers vs. the Vikings (*Go Pack Go!* ;-) and wrapping gifts. 
Today marks the first full week that I didn't go to bed with a head swimming in alcohol in almost 4 years. I was able to get myself out of bed without a struggle every day and even managed to get to the gym again!..Life's been a struggle no doubt. I thought alcohol was helping numb the stress but in reality it was just kicking the can down the road. Time to keep facing the issues head on with a clear mind. ..I will not drink today. 
I will not drink today. I'll enjoy this Christmas Eve sober happy and grateful.
I'm in! Going to help my mom finish wrapping some presents (she's partially paralyzed from a stroke but that didn't stop her from wrapping 3/4 of her gifts already -- she's my hero).  The rest of the day is tidying up and finishing wrapping and then just resting. I will not drink today though. My first Christmas sober is shaping up well and I'm looking forward to being present tomorrow with a houseful of family. 
I will not drink today. It's day 2 I had a hell of a night but came out on the other side. Having lunch with my mom and then heading home to watch   Christmas movies and play Rollercoaster Tycoon until my eyes bleed. I am so on edge but I got this. 
I wiil not drink on this Christmas Eve.
Not drinking today have a brilliant Christmas Eve folks! Favourite film Terminator 2. Dat theme tune.
In going to hit the gym then will hit the road to head back home. Luckily my family doesn't drink so the night will be filled with football watching and insults. ..Can't wait.
I will not drink with you today!
I won't drink today. Merry Christmas to me!
Not going to drink today
I am not drinking today. No exceptions. No excuses.
I will not drink today. Day 10.
Work stressed me out to the point of tears yesterday. Today I checked back in here and with myself. ..I will take time out for me this weekend and next. Learning that lesson helps keep me sober. Drinking was my way of checking out when I neglected to honor my own need for nurturing myself. ..Bonus: A Christmas Story!!!
Merry Christmas SD family! Last minute errands today church this evening &amp; a low key dinner with the in-laws after. Tomorrow will be my biggest challenge so far...hosting 12 of my family members at our house on Christmas Day!!!  I will NOT be drinking with you all this beautiful Christmas holiday!!!   
I will not drink with you today. .I think my fave Christmas movie is Die Hard tho I really really enjoy Mr. Hanky the Christmas Poo. 
I will not drink today
I got this! No drinking for me today and I will not do it joyfully!
First real holiday that I've gone sober for!! I caved on thanksgiving when I thought I could do it alone and before I started going to meetings. Not this time! Merry christmas and I'm not drinking with everyone here today!
Happy first day of Hanukkah!..Happy star day to me! One month. I will not drink today!
No exercise today. Son and DIL at house cooking and Mass today. Huge meal and presents tonight. Everyone leaves tomorrow. Had major craving off and on yesterday but rode it out. Hopefully too tired and busy tonight 
First Christmas Eve without drinking in over a decade &amp; first post to SD. I will not drink today. Day 6!
Yesterday was so hard! I even bought Gatorade thinking I would cave. I got busy went out to dinner but ordered tea. I scrolled through this group over and over watched a documentary and next thing I know I was asleep. I feel good it's day 8 and I'm not drinking with any of you today! 
I will not drink today. But I will indulge in chocolate-covered pretzels and a good book!
I will not drink today. Peace and love to you all. Breathe deep 
Party tonight but I'm gonna try and stay away from the food and drinks. There'll be so many people there that hopefully no one will even notice I'm not drinking...Movie: Love Actually I guess. My girlfriend made me watch it 3 times this month  
Got kind of a big draining day ahead of me which we all know how those used to end!  Looking forward for some sober reflection when all is said and done tonight.  First Christmas without my dad... I will not drink with you all today tonight tomorrow.
Heading out for a hike in the cold forests of Northern Canada today with my daughter and nephew.  Its a beautiful day to be sober present... and alert to the possibility of bears!  I am thankful to you SD community for this!  I will not drink with you today and have a lovely day!  :).
I will toast my NA ginger beer to not drinking on christmas eve with you today!
So here's to my first sober Christmas Eve... ever! This was the night I would pound drinks knowing I could start drinking first thing Christmas morning to mask the pain. I will not drink today! 
I will not drink today. My first holiday period not drinking in a long time. Last year about this time I got drunk caused a scene and almost ruined a relationship. It's nice being clear-headed and remember things  
I will not drink today!
I will not drink today.
Merry Xmas eve everyone on way to airport to go to Cabo stoked. Not drinking today and it's going to be tough. I know you guys will be here for me though.
Whatever happens today good or bad I will not drink.
Being present this year will be the best gift I can give to myself. That's the biggest triumph. The struggle is family nonsense but I'll do what I can. Merry Christmas Eve SD! I will not be drinking today.
Today i will not drink
I will not drink with you all this Christmas Eve!
Dumped my emergency "dealing with my family" vodka down the toilet. Felt good have been drinking every day for the last couple weeks. Merry Christmas everyone!
I will not drink today!  Enjoy your day!
Birthday brunch followed by Christmas Eve festivities! Holly jolly y'all!
I'm going for a run sometime this morning then later in the afternoon I'm driving over to my father's for dinner with him and my brother. We would normally split several bottles of wine and then possibly have a cocktail but I've already notified them I won't be drinking. This is one of the biggest challenges yet for me but I've done what I can to make sure it goes smoothly...They assumed I was pregnant...sigh no just trying to better myself!..I will not drink today!
Merry Xmas and Happy Hannukah SD. Thanks for being here for so many who are struggling. I won't drink with you today! 
Not drinking today!
I will not drink today so I can wake up without a hangover on Christmas morning.
Not drinking today!
It's the eve of my first sober Christmas in 20-ish years. I will not drink today no matter what...Merry Christmas to all of you and thank you from the bottom of my heart for all of the wisdom and support you have provided to me on my journey!
I will not drink today!
Phenomenal yoga session this morning now making lunch with my family wrapping gifts and watching 'Elf'. Off to afternoon mass later and then big family dinner. Incredibly at peace with a heart full of calm. ..I am celebrating Christmas and Day 30 but I will not be drinking with you today. 
I'm here enjoying the day with my 3 1/2 years old son I told my wife not to cook I will get some carry out for dinner and the best part I'm totally sober and willing to stay that way. Have a happy holiday season all SDs mates!  Cheers with sparkling water and enjoy life! 
Second guessing my decision to quit drinking before Christmas to be honest - can't I just start again on Jan 2 as a New Years Resolution!? But nothing good will come from drinking - I know it won't add anything to my holiday. And I want to see what a sober Christmas feels like. Let's do it.
I will not drink with you all today. Happy holidays 
Not drinking on my second Christmas Eve. Let's do this folks!
Going to Christmas Eve church service sober tonight. Haven't done that in .... I don't know how long. Planning on enjoying the message instead of counting down the minutes until I can get home to another drink. Merry Christmas to all of you here on SD. I will not drink with you tonight.
No drinks today.
Not droning today bit everyone around me is except my pregnant sister o.O
I will not drink today.
I won't drink today!
Clearly I'm not drinking. I don't even think about it anymore. Makes me feel really dumb for getting to the point I did. ..Merry Christmas Eve all!
Not going to drink today. Big party with my SO's group of friends. Most of them are "normies". Ill be sober when through it all. 
Not drinking. Will hit a meeting
I will not drink today though I really really would like to. :(
In. Not drinking today. 
Thanks for this check in! I am struggling with two "friends" who are being very unkind to me including a text to me this morning telling me that I am "sad &amp; difficult" because I stuck up for myself since being sober. Just hurts and is distracting me. ..High point so far made it to the gym and all my presents have been wrapped since yesterday-I am prepared! Oh and haven't drank even tho I was tempted to sink a bottle of Proseco I went for Pellegrino. Now I need to make it through tonightand tomorrow. I can! Sober me is way better!! ..Favorite holiday movie: Elf 
Just got back from Phoenix's annual Alcathon (a 24-hour-long AA meeting/conference.) Turns out 3 hours of AA is about all I can do in one sitting. Lol. Will go back in the morning to start the day off right. ..Struggling today. Canceled travel plans and residual breakup stress have me down. I feel like my heart is completely closed off to the rest of the world. I just sat in a corner by myself today and someone from my home group tried to talk to me and I was just like "Oh hi."  it's not good. ..My best friend and his boyfriend are going to be in town today visiting from Vegas and they want to take me to dinner. So I have that to look forward to. ..I hate to say it but Whiskey's calling my name today. I'm doing ok trying to just stay focused on sobriety. I'm curled up with my Big Book and a cup of tea instead. ..And it's raining and I hate rain and waaah pity party. Haha! 
I'm staying in and not drinking. I created a weight sled yesterday and pushed and pulled it up and down my hallway too many times yesterday. Now my butt is sore and I can't even get on the tread mill. I'll be in bed with the mutts and some topical muscle relief watching crime dramas till I dose off tonight..Happy holidays for those of you celebrating :) !
Thank you! Craving hit me hard when I came home from church - really just wanted a bourbon so bad. But ate cookies instead and now about to fire up Home Alone with the kids. 
I didn't drink today.. .Fjoew! Glad I made it. Surrounded by family and friends drinking a lot. .I hear the midnight bells ring. Goodnight everybody. 
Lying in bed in my room at parents house. Not a drop. So today was success. Now onwards....
Not drinking today
Happy Holidays all! Not drinking tonight! Going to sit on my butt and play some games :D
Here's to hoping this is my last hangover day. My last wasted day. I want to be sober for the next 365 days. I want to be happy and healthy again. .A friend of mine has been sober 5 months and is now a huge inspiration and support for me. .I've been reading this subreddit all day and know I'm going to need the support it provides and look  forward to supporting others as well. ..Merry Christmas and Happy Healthy New year everyone!
I'll happily not drink with all of you today!
i'm not drinking today.
Sober check-in here for me. Merry Christmas SD. 
In.
Hey everyone. Watching "It's Always Sunny" and chilling out. I won't drink with you today but hope you all have a Merry Christmas!
No alcohol for me today no matter what. Love to you all SD!.
What a great day! Good coffee to start a walk with my fur-boy the Pack beat the pants off the Vikings (but I was on my walk so I didn't see it) went to Fantastic Beasts with my real boy and spouse came home to make sausage kale and white bean soup  and *now* I'm sitting by the fire happily sober reading all of y'alls' wonderful posts and it's only 6 pm.  Blessings all..s only 6 pm.  Happy Hanukkah Merry Christmas Eve blessings to all.
Not drinking here!! Happy Christmas Eve all .
Treating myself to extra dessert and no booze :) 
Christmas Eve and I will not drink!!
Family is drinking. I'm drinking water and just as happy. Merry Christmas. 
I'm going to wake up Christmas morning and remember everything!!  Here is to another 24 sober hours
Checking into this thread once more today just because I feel like a day like today calls for it. I didn't drink today and I won't drink the rest of tonight. 
Made it today without alcohol! And I found I didn't even have a desire for it! Waking up clear and sober is way better especially tomorrow morning!
It's after midnight but I will not drink with everyone on Christmas!
Phew made it through Christmas Eve. Santa is going to bed.  Goodnight SD!
