-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5k7khv/xmas_with_inlaws_wine_was_had_but_not_by_me/

My in-laws aren't really drinkers but there was wine tonight because one of their friends always brings it. Of the six of us only three people had any to drink. The wine was on the table within reach but I had water...98 days in and I've started having more thoughts about drinking. Not cravings per se but just this weird kind of awareness that there probably WILL be a moment when I am too overwhelmed to hold strong. I hope that isn't the case but that feeling is kind of looming over me lately. Most days are pretty uncomplicated low-stress days and it's easy to abstain. I can even walk down the wine aisle in the store and not have the urge to stop (though I generally avoid that aisle). ..I still feel like I am collecting sober days and have a nice little stockpile now. If I drank I'd be losing them and starting all over and I don't want that. Yet that thought that my sober days may be numbered still hangs on for some reason and it keeps me on my guard. Is that a good thing? Or is it some kind of self-fulfilling prophecy and this inability to stop thinking about it is a sign that the relapse is inevitable?..I didn't relapse tonight at least. And as long as my daily life remains as stress-free as it has lately I'll be fine...Holidays have been challenging even as low-key as my in-laws are. My sister-in-law has a serious prescription drug problem to the point that last year she was passing out in the middle of buttering her dinner roll and while we were opening presents - then adamantly denying there was anything wrong with her when we called her on it. In a way her issue was somehow validating to me at the time because even though I was drinking I was behaving like a normal adult. But then I never drank to excess around my in-laws (probably more due to lack of availability - if there had been more wine I might have drank more wine)...This year her problem finally became clear to my father-in-law who checked her into Betty Ford right after Thanksgiving. So on one hand Christmas Eve was more pleasant without her here (not only is she addicted to Rx drugs she is generally antisocial and just unpleasant to be around). ..Except that this year my FIL is obsessing over her issues. Now that he's no longer in denial he's beating himself up over not seeing it sooner and getting her help. This woman is 44 years old - why is it his fault?? ..I wish there was something I could say to help... at least to help him come to terms with her issue but I know there really isn't. And I honestly don't have much faith in her will to actually recover - she's been going to "pain specialists" for more than a decade and has some other seriously bad habits and negative mindsets that will prevent her from staying clean until she deals with them. I HOPE she can though. ..I just know how fucking HARD it was for me to overcome my own problem... it's still a struggle... but at least I had something external to work toward. I had several very good reasons to stop drinking. But she has too many "good excuses" to keep taking pain pills and very few reasons to stop (such as a rewarding career - my biggest reason for quitting. She is jobless and soon-to-be homeless unless my in-laws pay her rent) and I'm not sure even the threat of homelessness is enough for her to get clean...I am still kicking myself for not at least saying something... empowering?... to her on the phone earlier. My FIL had the thing on speaker so it was a weird awkward moment and I just said something inane about her cats and told her Merry Christmas (knowing full well she's having a shitty one locked up in rehab and sick to boot). We've never really been friends in spite of her living with me and my husband for a year (or maybe because of that). So I am going to endeavor to send more positive energy her way if I can. Or at least send it to my FIL and hope it helps her by proxy...Hope you all are surviving sober this season!! My thoughts are with you all (as well as with my SIL).
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety is never going to be easy. But you are working on the right issues I think. I have found that just dealing with my own issues used up much of my energy. Helping another person is very diffucult. You have diagnosed the issues another person can have with quitting and I think you are proceeding about right cautiously optimistically and realistically...Good luck. 
that's nice of you...Merry Christmas
Some other thoughts:..Denial is a big problem with addicts of any kind. When I was in rehab they beat on us a lot to get us to admit we had a problem. Excuses to continue abound and reasons to quit aren't compelling YET! It takes some time. Betty Ford might help. Ultimately SHE has to decide for HER...So you not beating up on her during your phone call is not empowering it is just accepting. My wife was acoholic and I tried to get her to stop. Not possible it turned out she died of alcohol poisoning (and other issues she tried to ameliorate with alcohol). I used to blame myself but now years later and after my own fight for sobriety I decided that ultimately I could not have fixed her..
I'm over 300 days and I have thoughts every now and then about drinking.   But I have a back up plan so I don't.   I can always choose a flavored seltzer or decadent food goodie instead.   I too don't want to lose all those days I've built up either!!  Stay strong with me!!
