-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5k8zqm/400_days_sober_on_christmas_well_thats_a_happy/

As Bob Ross would say.  Certainly didn't time it this way.  Perhaps it was a gift from my past self to my future self.  ... .My mom just gave me a really big compliment and said I really like who you are now.  Enough said.  I'm 36 and mom knows best still.  If she can see it there's something there.....To anyone struggling or considering quitting it was hands down the best decision I've ever made.  Let that sink in ... better than any business deal or any sexual conquests or any "item" I could purchase.  ....I've got me back now and that's better than anything. Not sure who "me" is and that's ok for now and I'm figuring that out daily.  .....The new me and old me don't have much in common except the new me kinda resembles the old me ... just more confident and much lighter and better looking and focused and this new me guy has a future.  Old me had no future.  The old me actually killed his marriage and almost wrecked his business and liked to get arrested every so often.  ....What's really nice is the "real me" has learned to value women.  Old me objectified women and when drinking that was easy to do.  New me doesn't watch porn or constantly jerk off to "feel good" yea I said it.  Like the porn no longer became interesting as a form of self indulgence.....The alcohol was the gateway to self indulgence and serving "self" sex drugs porn objectifying women etc were all byproducts of alcohol.  Alcohol is the true gateway to SELFISHNESS.  ....It's your "legend" make it what you want. For your legend to start you must first stop drinking --- yes stolen from "The Alchemist" --- highly recommended book.. ...I will not drink today 
----------immediate responses--------

so honest and awesome. ..it's crazy how easy it is to be a better person when you take booze out of the equation. ..merry xmas. i bet your mom is so proud. 
Damn this is awesome.  Thank you.  
Good to see ya! Merry Christmas and Happy 400 days!
Terrific post thank you! And I wholeheartedly second The Alchemist. Happy Sober Christmas!
400 days looks good on you...Congratulations. ...Mom's do know best.  You are blessed there.
Congratulations on 400 days!  Merry Christmas! 
Hey Congratulations !!
Loved this post! Thank you. I won't drink with you today. 
