-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5kbhxn/because_of_alcohol_i_am_still_wrapping_presents/

I'm almost done now but while wrapping my brother's really nice bottle of scotch and getting that craving (for the record: I don't even like scotch -- though I have gladly drunk many things I deem worse) I realized I haven't stopped by SD yet today.  I could and should have bought him something else last week because after the resulting relapse it's clear that I'm not strong enough to visit a liquor store yet.  Maybe I never again will be...But the sad realization that all of my plans have been waylaid by alcohol yet again and here I am doing what I'd planned on having done by Thursday... I'm pretty sure I'm going to make it through tonight.  Maybe even tomorrow.  That record-breaking 34 day streak I had felt just wonderful.  And I have yet another reminder that I CANNOT DRINK ANYMORE.  And I need to quit trying to!.I managed to get through the Thanksgiving dinner with booze everywhere by sticking close with SD.  I'm glad we have this place.  .Better late than never:  I will not drink today...Merry Christmas
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you either.  I think it's great that you're focusing on the positive like you're 34 day streak.  I can't drink anymore either but honestly I had the best Christmas in years staying sober.  
I have to admit it took about three months before I could go into a normal bar again. And it took and entire year before I cold host a team happy hour again keeping a happy face under the pressure was so hard.  There was some combination of having beaten the urges and the constant self-policing that gave my confidence (your mileage may vary as everyone is so different)...That being said I still cannot step into a liquor store. I haven't been a in a proper package or beer store since I quit.  If I want fancy sodas I have to order them online rather than waking into the local beverage store.  Part of me just knows that is too much...Congratulations for steering yourself back into the path!  We will be here rooting you on.
Not drinking with you!
I've been kicked by the horse so many times the bond I had with alcohol was breathtaking. It is hard to rewire years of abuse you know.  I found myself a few months ago not even walking down the liquor isle at the store. I didn't want to be bothered by the monster whispering in my ear. It does get easier and from what I can tell will be worth it. 
My brother just offered me a slug off of that scotch.  After saying no and hearing "come on a little one" I think I have to get out of here pretty soon.  He's had some beers and I can really smell it on his breath.  I am always 100% sure no one can smell it when I'M drinking (if I've just had one or two) but when I'm sober I can detect even one on a person and it's not pleasant.  The drank-all-day odor coming off of people has made me gag before and I can only imagine how many times I've exhibited it myself.  Poor cabbies.  All of these thoughts seem to strengthen my resolve.  I'd better take off after we're done passing all the presents around...Even though my brother knows my history and recent wagon-riding trials this last year I can't blame him for offering.  Most times I'd give in and get drunk on Christmas and he'd like someone to drink with (his wife however abhors my drunken behavior).  I also haven't explained to everyone just how bad it's become and how much I need to stay sober.  I usually avoid that because of frequent relapses.  
welcome back 
