-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5kquvz/learned_some_things/

Can't believe I made it through Christmas. It was really close there for a bit. Again (I posted about a similar situation a few days ago) if someone had poured me a glass of wine or even offered to pour me a glass of wine I probably would have drank it. I wanted it so badly. I kept telling my fianc  I was thinking about getting a glass. He's so great and supportive and even though he was buzzing pretty heavily he was able to get me focused on how much I would regret it if I did drink. I couldn't have stayed sober on Christmas without him...I did learn some things. Part of the reason I really wanted a drink was due to boredom. It's not that I wasn't enjoying the company and conversation at Christmas I just needed something to do with my hands and holding on to a glass of water wasn't cutting it. I needed to have brought something like sparkling cider (which I had at home) with me to sip on. Or my crochet project. I think if I'd had either of those things I wouldn't have struggled the way I did. Lesson learned I just need to prepare better...In the end I made it through my first Christmas in years without drinking and I'm proud of myself. Next challenge: New Years. Luckily that will be at my own home so I'll have access to all of my coping tools and don't think it will be as difficult...When I was struggling with the desire to drink I spent some time browsing this sub and it was extraordinarily helpful. Thanks to everyone for their incredible support! Stay sober my friends!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow great job on getting through it all! You definitely made the best of a tough situation. Most people learn those lessons after they slip up; honestly I was half-expecting this post to be about a badge reset based on the title. Have a wonderful New Years!
I was reading a recovery memoir last night and the newly sober author was telling the story of her way more experienced AA friend showing up to with a massive purse containing several cans of diet coke lemon wedges wrapped in a napkin and a container of crystal light!
Excellent!  We learn or we burn.
