-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5kw8k0/day_31_is_this_real_happiness_or_a_sign_of_bad/

One month no matter how you count it this has been a month - hooray!  never would have thought I'd get here but here I am...So this is a bit of a strange feeling.  I am keeping a journal noting things I am grateful for and and the end of the day one of the things I write down is one thing that would have made the day better...I find I'm struggling with this bit.  At the moment there is often nothing I can think of that would have made my day better...I am getting to bed early and each day is filled with extreme positivity.  I am happy.  I am not hungover I don't feel shame or guilt about the previous day's actions I am cleaning up the house getting things done I am being more aware of myself and actually enjoying being myself. All of this is very new to me...So now I am getting paranoid about this.  As someone who suffers from depression / bipolar disorder am I just experiencing the manic stage?  Is this genuine or just the high before a crash?  How can I tell?..I have started back on antidepressants and am seeing a counsellor.  And I am not drinking. So how can I tell whether this is a genuine positive change the 'pink cloud' or something more insidious?..I can't bear the thought of it all falling apart so I want to make sure I do everything I can to avoid that.  I don't feel that I need to feel this happy forever I want to be realistic but I don't want to be blind-sided by depression...Or am I just experiencing what life can be like without alcohol dependence?  Maybe this is just what happy feels like?..Can anyone advise on this? 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh Cookie you are so clever. Seriously you are asking the questions I should have. ..I took my happiness to mean I was "cured" and then blew it. For me I believe it was the pink cloud. I won't be fooled again. Just keep working it one day at a time enjoy the happy but don't let it trick you. I won't let it this time. No flipping way!!!! I also don't want to go through life "waiting" for the unhappy as that seems a bit negative. I'll just take each day as it comes and be grateful. Love and hugs. Xx
Oh wow. I hear you. I am only on day 5 but feeling so happy and lighthearted and just hope this feeling does not end. .Great job!!!
I was thinking of this quite a bit last night and in a conversation with my mother this is what I said; "Things are looking up. I just need to focus on staying grounded and not get ahead of myself. Still need to take things day by day and keep my positive mentality. Sometimes I start to drift but I'll read or walk somewhere to remind myself of my goals. But I'm definitely improving my mental and physical being each day. it's noticeable and I like what I'm shaping into. Biggest key is not thinking of my past or future stay in the now because that is the only thing I have control over. No need to wonder about what is to come nor stress over what I've done as it doesn't help. The present is the only real thing"...I get nervous at times that I will come crashing down but I need to only focus on what is happening in this current moment. Yes there will be downs and I'm sure they will hit hard but I can't anticipate them and have to let them come naturally.
Congratulations on your Milestone - A Month!!..When I'm "being present now" I notice and experience life and my connection to it.  When I'm *acting on life* by being in it I can notice that I am involved in *action verbs* some examples are - "walk talk drive travel speak call text cook shop run lift jog bicycle" and on and on.  ..When i'm living in my Internal Cognitive Processes I'm not present but am either reviewing and re-reviewing that *which has already occurred* (what happened why? what should I have done? what could I have done remorse regret shame etc) or I'm obsessing about that *which has not and may not occur* (What might happen what should I do? apprehension anxiety trepidation worry etc.)..First I notice.  You write -..&gt;I am getting paranoid about this; am I just experiencing the manic stage?; Is this genuine or just the high before a crash? How can I tell?; the thought of it all falling apart so I want to make sure I do everything I can to avoid that; I want to be realistic but I don't want to be blind-sided by depression...From over here that sounds like living in the past and obsessing about the that which might not occur...For me when I notice I'm doing that I find as many *Action Verbs* as I can.  I write them down.  Then I start *ACTING* them.  I walk talk speak travel drive cycle jog run share at a meeting...Whadda ya think?
Life happens.  But without the handicap of an alcohol filled life - we are so much better able to handle it...I also have learned to enjoy the good. Just for what it is.
First off congratulations on 31 days! ..I'm not sure that I buy into the whole pink cloud thing. Did I start to feel better after some time of not drinking? Yes of course I did my body and mind were on the mend and I could genuinely feel good without liquid enhancement. I also had moments of being ecstatic sad angry etc. etc. but those are natural feelings that people feel sometimes. The thing is I think I just settled into the natural rhythm of life not everyday is going to be super-fantastic-awesome. When I'm feeling bad I try to look at what is causing it are there outside influences to this feeling? is there something I can do to change it? Maybe I just need to feel it sometimes. I also had to accept the fact that it's OK to feel happy and good. My warped up brain had a hard time with this seriously I feel kind of bad sometimes for feeling happy like I don't deserve it. Like other people have said take it as it comes. If you feel good then awesome! Enjoy it! If things start sliding to the negative that's where a good support system can really help don't hesitate to rely on the resources you have set up. .
